  it 's like they 've found remnants of long lost reason and remembered that there will be next elections . 
  he abstained . 
  and i myself ca n't wait for this `` compromise '' to be buried by the next , hopefully left-wing , parliament . 
  considering that such creatures as paw\u0142owicz an suski were voting against the bill at the commission and criticizing it as a `` very bad proposal '' and the utter comedy of the commission session i 'm pretty sure that kaczy\u0144ski put his foot down and that he did it loud . 
  just checked on sejm website and only 2 pis mps voted for the liberalizing bill to go forward . 
  yes , they started to backpedal few days ago proposing their own , less extreme bill , but it seems like they gave up on that as well . 
  well , i mean ... he is a popular guy , an established politician and due to not really having a party anymore has cordial relations with most of the left-wing groups may become a common left-wing presidential candidate in 4 years . 
  so i guess there is * some * merit to the article . 
  i bet my left hand that tomorrows vote will show that pis mps `` conscience '' experienced 180 degree turn within a week and almost all of them will vote to kill the bill after endlessly praising it and aggressively attacking its opponents all the way till monday . 
  looks like kaczy\u0144ski remembered that he won the election by pretending to be a centrist and that 10 % of hardcore catotaliban vote wo n't be enough for the 2nd term . 
  seeing that both left-wing and liberal opposition gained some major traction while pis ratings are dropping must have shaken him up a bit . 
  they were so desperate to throw away this hot potato that they even broke a law by calling a commission 3 hours instead of 3 days in advance to be able to recommend canning the bill before tomorrow 's sejm session . 
  during the commission they once again broke all the regulations not allowing any discussion and just called a vote to recommend throwing away the bill . 
  they even messed up counting the votes . 
  utter comedy . 
  tomorrow they 'll finally kill it in sejm . 
  the interesting part will be seeing if kaczy\u0144ski still has a full control , or if religious fanatics within his own party will disobey him . 
  edit : looks like they wo n't wait till tomorrow morning and want to vote on it tonight . 
  edit2 : the bill is dead . 
  352 to 52 votes . 
  only 32 government mps out of 227 present voted to keep it alive . 
  kaczy\u0144ski 's justification was that if the law passed it would have resulted in total liberalization in the future . 
  the only bigger bullshit is the one claiming that t was designed to distract people from ceta . 
  pis wanted to throw a bone to their catotaliban supporters and hoped they can push through it without much opposition . 
  then the online protest and demonstrations in front of sejm started and as they were gaining traction pis decided to make the bone a bit more bare , by proposing their own version that would ban `` only '' 1 out of 3 included exceptions . 
  and finally after the protests , seeing that both the left-wing and liberal the opposition got the ball rolling decision was made that this shit ai n't worth losing their stools over and today they backpedaled with a speed of light in the most comedic fashion imaginable . 
  if the whole thing was indeed planned , it was planned by an utter moron . 
  up till yesterday government was very vocal in supporting the bill and attacking its critics . 
  230 out of 232 of their mps voted for it ( 2 abstained ) while axing against the other , liberalizing bill . 
  saying that `` this was n't a government bill '' is only technically correct . 
  funny enough reportedly both ziobro and jaki are blocking ceta withing government . 
  i never thought that either of them may be worth the air they breathe but here we are !, 
  also ceta protests will be a fucking mess . 
  monday ones were already a powder keg with with sparks flying between razem along with left-wing ngos and various kod-esque individuals . 
  this time around there will be kukiz creatures as well as various nationalists . 
  and this is just the least important part , since getting 40.000 people to protest in warsaw is n't as big of a deal ( albeit not during a work week ) . 
  what is more important is a fact that smaller demonstrations took place in over a hundred cities and towns some as small as few thousand inhabitants . 
  and that there were shitloads of young people - hight school age and even younger . 
  it 's amazing that it only took pis a year for youth to start to swing the other way politically . 
  quiet !, 
  there is a reason this is hidden so deep within the thread . 
  also , that would be a perfectly good tease for parties i attend . 
  probably 2-3 ciders in , just to be safe , but still . 
  if you want to be so whiny at least be correct about it - that was a pretty obvious * ad absurdum * coupled with a stab at pseudointelectual theme of your bickering ( barbarian , from lac . 
  * barba * - beard ) . 
  and next thing you know you 're berating people for calling it barbaric , since it has nothing to do with beards ... 
  it 's a mental shortcut . 
  the same way you would n't go into details why burning people at the stake is bad and instead call it medieval , despite the fact that existing in middle ages does n't make something inherently bad . 
  i think that your reservations are pretentious and pointlessly nitpicky . 
  it 's a mental shortcut . 
  the same way you would n't go into details why burning people at the stake is bad and instead call it medieval , despite the fact that existing in middle ages does n't make something inherently bad . 
  i think that your reservations are pretentious and pointlessly nitpicky . 
  it 's a mental shortcut . 
  the same way you would n't go into details why burning people at the stake is bad and instead call it medieval , despite the fact that existing in middle ages does n't make something inherently bad . 
  i think that your reservations are pretentious and pointlessly nitpicky . 
  jeeez , you 're sure fun at parties . 
  and at protests . 
  arguments used in agitation are simplified , that 's just how it is . 
  there is time for meticulous discussion and there is time for gathering support and rising people 's emotions . 
  and in the same way you do n't expect fiery speeches at scientific conferences , you do n't get phd level analysis during a demonstration . 
  funny enough that 's also ceausescu 's policy in romania . 
  only if it 's in * immediate * danger , rather than a danger than can be medically predicted to occur in a future . 
  it also hits the prenatal care by banning procedures that may `` endanger the fetus '' in any way and instating a jail sanction for both physician and a woman for any actions that lead to both planned ( up to 5 years ) and accidental ( up to 3 years ) pregnancy termination . 
  that would lead to treating every miscarriage as a potential crime . 
  and then there is a ban on abortions in case of rape or other illegal act , that would among other things make rape an nonpunishable crime , since women would be afraid to report it fearing that they 'd be forced to keep the potential pregnancy or face jail time if they have an illegal abortion . 
  thankfully according to the recent polls the support for the law is at 10 % while over 80 % of the population is against it with 35 % and rising supporting the abortion on demand in first 12 weeks of pregnancy . 
  polls from 4 months ago seem kinda irrelevant , since it is from before the whole public debate happened . 
  here you have one from yesterday : https://oko.press/sondaz-oko-press-rosnie-liczba-zwolennikow-liberalizacji-ustawy-antyaborcyjnej/ 11 % - make it more strict 47 % - leave it as it is 37 % - make it more liberal that makes it 84 % against the law and 11 % for it . 
  quite a big swing from even the last week . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it 's the child that `` leeches of off man '' , not the woman . 
  also it 's cute how you manage to translate everything into money . 
  in a dickhead douchebag kind of way , but still . 
  do they ? 
  74 % is against the new law , while , once again , 14 % is for it . 
  it 's a generic polling company doing polls for all the sides of political spectrum . 
  and yeah , i noticed you are a right wing nationalist , who else would name himself a nationalisttwat ? 
  [ ipsos poll ] ( https://oko.press/bunt-kobiet-stal-sie-masowy-polowa-popiera-jedna-siodma-przeciw/ ) for oko.press but since you use term `` leftist bias '' i 'm pretty fucking sure that you 'll see one there . 
  i literally learned about it on reddit few weeks back . 
  it actually cracked me up coming from americans . 
  but then again , us polonia is n't exactly considered very illustrious back here in poland , so ... 
  that 's the only false stereotype . 
  coincidentally that 's exactly what a vampire would say . 
  intriguing , is n't it ? 
  good . 
  giraffes are heartless creatures . 
   what i 'm trying to say is , we must respect the decisions of the majority because if they voted for a certain party , then they should n't be surprised if they get exactly what they wanted . 
  and this is a progressive guy who 's speaking , not some far-right activist . 
  it 's late and i was heading to bed , so i 'll just say that it by no means is as simple as `` people have been voting for it '' ( hell , even a bloody catholic church stated that the proposed law goes to far ) nor i by any means agree that people should accept their rights being infringed upon and not protest , just because the ruling party wants it so . 
  what kind of a `` progressive '' idea is that ? 
  that view has n't been `` progressive '' for well over a century , to put it mildly . 
  even if one were to entertain the idea , that 's hardly an issue of equal , or even remotely similar importance , would n't you say ? 
  bringing it up in this discussion about very basic rights does n't put you in a very good light . 
  especially since alimonies in poland are almost nonexistent due to not being properly enforced . 
  thanks for pointing that out , i 'm sure that people thought that it was every single one . 
  last poll on a matter shows that 55 % supports the protest , while 14 % is against it . 
  in recent poll 55 % supports the protest , 14 % is against it . 
   `` ki ti pakaaaa '' i assume that it means `` neat !, 
  i never knew that ! '', 
  where would you park then ? 
  i think it 's smart .
