  truthfully !, 
  ignoring dumbest part of that ( mexican invasion of us and coup in canada ? 
  really ? ), 
  i would n't give half of a shit over bases in cuba or carribien fleet . 
  i think that embargo of cuba is a fucking disgrace in this day and age and should be finally dealt with . 
  i have about the same level of love for us policies in south america that i have for russia 's in caucassus or ukraine . 
   now i wonder who 's influence it was that led to an illegal coup in kiev , which in turn led to an outright civil war and the impending economic collapse of a heavily armed nation on russia 's border ? 
  certainly russia did n't spend billions lobbying for this kind of collapse of civil order , but i know you will find plenty of eu and nato involvement . 
  yeah , yeah , yeah - you are there only to restore peace , blah , blah , blah . 
  if you have nothing remotely meaningful to respond better just ignore a bit and carry one . 
  there would have been no civil war if not for russian funding , arming and exporting of the separatists . 
  go bullshit someone else . 
   then surely you will not mind if belarus accepts a massive joint chinese - russian military base . 
  where 's the aggression in that ? 
  what business is it of yours if a massive foreign army is stationed near your borders ? 
  i would find it pathetic the same way last few russian bases/weapon systems that were installed in belarus and kaliningrad , but if belarus agrees to that then i really do n't give a fuck as long as they stay on the proper side of the border . 
   further into its sphere of interests !, 
  that 's one of russia 's main problems . 
  many people there have n't got the memo , that xix and xx century is over and time of spheres of influence , especially russian ones is long gone . 
  imagining that you should have ( or do have ) any saying in foreigh policy of ex-ussr/warsaw pact states absurd . 
   and german economic domination i 'd imagine that has more to do with eu than nato , does it ? 
  and clearly last 10 years in ee countries that have joined eu is clearly a take of squalor , interference in sovereignty and exploitation . 
  terrible stuff , really - if only russia could save us !, 
   ** gets to ** influence stuff in the smaller neighbor country , like : political and economic decisions , housing of military belonging to another `` big country '' , etc etc. . . * can try * to influence those things . 
   certainly proxy wars are already common place , from serbia to georgia to ukraine none of those are ( were ) proxy wars . 
  look up the definition . 
  last time i checked ee countries are independent and do n't owe russia squat , therefore can invite whatever military they choose , be it nigerian or us one . 
  it is also for them to decide if it is too risky of a move or not , and if said forces will be willing to leave when told to . 
  i 'm sure if any government will be on the fence about it and want russian advice it will ask for it . 
  and talking about `` aggressive '' nato actions and fact that it 's existance as military alliance is pointless , when russia is is performing a crypto-invasion befiore our very eyes makes me think you are actually trolling me . 
  frankly , i 'm on the fence about the point of nato bases on polish soil ( since if ua crisis thought us anything , it is that if countries do n't want to help they will always find an excuse for it , and i doubt that said bases would change that in any significant manner ) , but if anyone in russia thinks it is any of their business then he or she should probably give up thinking altogether since it clearly is n't working for them . 
  oh , we can get you guys all the coal you need . 
  are n't italian ones standing on the streets with smgs and assault rifles ? 
  that sight always puzzled me in italy . 
  only part of silesia with katowice . 
  rest of densly populated area is lesser poland . 
  coal in lesser poland ? 
  you may want to check once again where silesia is on the map , 
  good effort tho . 
  do n't be like that guys !, 
  it 's clearly an honest mistake !, 
  most popular are probably : 0 . 
  complaining 1 . 
  football 2 . 
  volleyball 3 . 
  handball but i varies a lot on town-to-town or region-to-region basis . 
  things like * motorcycle speedway * , * basketball * and * ski jumping * are extremely popular in some parts of the country . 
  that was about popularity as a spectator sport . 
  * tennis * and * swimming * are also very common recreational sports . 
  all i say is that those questions seem reasonable and i 'm yet to see the math supporting the law . 
  it all just does n't seem very reasonable . 
  i 'm not taking it seriously ( as a political plan or w/e ) . 
  i just like my entertainment to be on some level and most of those borders do n't make sense even on `` what if '' crazy level from my , historian 's point of view . 
  what is it ? 
  `` how many things one can pull out of his arse within 5 minutes ? '', 
  it could have been a little bit interesting if not for the fact that most of those borders make no sense whatsoever . 
  there is no historical thought in it beyond looking at one or two random historical maps . 
  most eu laws people keep complaining about are usually not that bad or even good , but this seems like bullshit . 
  in 6 reddit comments i already see 3 perfectly good reasons to axe it . 
  go troll elsewhere . 
  reading this thread i was about to make a joke that ukraine is surely preparing to attack transnistria , but i see that russian tv have beaten me to it :(, 
  where is fun in that ? 
  do n't know about snuff , but rape porn is ( apparently ) more popular among women than men . 
  experiencing sexual fantasies in a safe way and all that . 
  ( assuming obviously that by porn we understand clearly staged imaginary scenes played by actors ) i assume that person watching that kind of videos is a rapist to the same extent a person watching war movies or playing shooters is a murderer . 
  * [ nihil novi sub sole ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) *, 
  that 's one part , others are many people who built their own houses in the suburbs over last 20 years or so without taking a mortgage . 
  or bought cheap flat in a block of flats in a city . 
  those are quite affordable for almost everyone , as i recently learned . 
  idk about the rest , but beyond some kind of shitty 50yo buildings here and there quality in poland is quite good . 
  there has been a huge building boom for last pretty much 20 years ( especially in smaller towns ) and even old communist era blocks of flats are acceptable and a really good bang for a buck if you are low on funds for the time being . 
  hell , my younger brother just bought ( mostly with our parents money , but still ) brand new 3 room apartment in one of the biggest cities in the country . 
  no mortgage , or anything like it being 27yo . 
  he pays bloody 60 euro/month rent + electricity and cable/internet . 
  i really should stop renting ... 
  oh , it is depressing . 
  i 've been recently offered a job in stockholm and am thinking about moving there but your real estate market seems to be a thing out of nightmares . 
  even for ( one would think ) simple things like renting . 
  yeah , except making your whole city centres dead zones with banks and other shit like that but with no actual inhabitants . 
  sounds like an awful idea if you want to have your cities friendly for people living in them , unless it is regulated in the way to prevent that . 
  196 exists and calls for finally getting rid of it are repeated every few years when someone actually gets charged using this article , but thankfully it is very rare . 
  hopefully it will be eventually axed . 
  also , there were less than 20 cases since the law was implemented back in 1992 as far as i was able to check . 
  most were dismissed by the court , rest ended with fines . 
  no one was jailed , and frankly i on ; t think there is a chance of it happening . 
  thankfully biggest problem with it the fact that it drags out press freedom index the hell down . 
  257 on the other hand is misquoted/translated . 
  it sounded weird to me so i checked and it is not about insulting but `` violating bodily inviolability '' ( that 's exactly how it sounds in polish . 
  means any kind of assault from spitting on someone or pushing them to actually hitting ) . 
  also previous article 256 is about what i wrote about above - advocating violence for the same reasons stated in 257 . 
  it is also important to note that both 196 and 257 are violations with so called `` private prosecution '' , so state services ca n't charge anyone for that on their own . 
  person that is a victim has to file a formal request at proprietorial office . 
  so it is not like police is picking up people of the streets because they think that someone is breaking those laws . 
  you actually will never interact with police in situation like that . 
  you 'd just get a letter from the prosecutorial office . 
  saying it as if it was n't a bloody disgrace is probably the saddest commentary about state of affairs in us i 've read in this topic . 
   i think my question was pretty clearly implied to be rhetorical , meaning that i 'm saying that many laws against hate speech are equally , if not more vague than the california law i 'm citing . 
  are they ? 
  you ca n't deny holocaust , or call for the use of violence against others . 
   another thing , are there really no laws against drunk and disorderly conduct in poland ?
