  hell , they even got to power by pretending that they got over themselves already . 
  cheers for the heads up !, 
  i almost ruined myself a perfectly good evening . 
  sure they can . 
  while they have no direct control over spectacles they could pull the funding . 
  obviously . 
  but they better be ready to suffer political consequences of it , since both public and opposition are in their rights to pummel ruling party into a pulp over it . 
  that 's my point . 
  it is not . 
  whole idea of the law about having sex in public places is about minors randomly stumbling upon it . 
  as long is something is closed to the random public members it 's all legal . 
  actually last few weeks we were busy bashing turkey over their actions regarding turks and overall syria/isis situation . 
   a zoo is considered public space , despite selling admission tickets . 
  i 'm not sure how it differs from a theater in that respect . 
  well , zoo is n't informing visitors that they can expect witnessing sexual acts performed by employees while visiting . 
  not really . 
  there are several country-wide newspapers like `` fakty i mity '' , `` nie '' or even `` angora '' that are based upon attacking and offending catholic church . 
  porn is when a piece of media 's only goal is to sexually arouse audience . 
  i 'm pretty sure that this play does n't suit this definition , ergo is n't porn . 
  this case kinda proves the point . 
  what minister tried to do had no legal standing and was promptly ignored by local authorities he tries to put pressure on . 
  the attempt was followed by a huge blowback that forced said minister to say that he was `` misinformed '' and how he is an object of `` propaganda attack '' that he tried to censor things , while he really did n't yada , yada yada . 
  only half of the theater funding is public . 
  it does n't mean that politicans get to decide what is and is n't shown there . 
  especially since the spectacle in question will hardly be losing money . 
  edit : also - you realize that those are pretty much exact words of gomu\u0142ka , when he was pulling `` dziady '' of the stage back in ' 68 , right ? 
  fact that theater has `` public '' in its name does n't make it public in a legal meaning you have in mind . 
  the play is shown in a closed space with tickets required to enter , so it is definitely not `` public '' , since random people ca n't stray in there . 
  also sex in public places , while indeed illegal , is illegal in a same way as crossing a street in the wrong place , or bad parking . 
  hardly a criminal matter . 
  and what exactly is a difference between pretended and real sexual act in a movie or play ? 
  assuming that there wo n't be a close-up of gynecological kind . 
  i do n't really see one . 
  especially since full nudity in theater is as common of a thing as they come . 
  i 've been on several plays that involved nude actors of either or both sexes . 
  whole thing was a marketing ploy to get public 's attention . 
  fact that the minister made an utter fool of himself going full gomu\u0142ka , is no-one 's fault but his own . 
  and his pathetic excuses and half-arsed explanations bout how he was `` misinformed '' by the way play was portrayed makes it even more grotesque . 
  if he had any sense , he would say that he was mistaken and shut the hell up . 
  it still sells tickets and they are the major part of its funding and this play sure as hell is going to make money . 
  question of `` ownership '' is irrelevant here . 
  the '68 one was more on the grounds of politics , since the adaptation of xix century 's play was done in such a way that in conveyed criticism of relations with soviet union . 
  whole tax argument is as misguided and/or manipulative as they come . 
  with tickets already sold out for next few months this play will be clearly paying for itself and then some . 
  it was an attempt to threaten the theater `` do what we say , or that public funding will go away '' . 
  so question is not if taxpayers should pay for such plays , but if politicians should use taxpayer 's money to pummel artists into submission . 
  and he outright demanded of wojewoda to stop the premiere . 
  something like that . 
  it actually resembled a [ ban of `` dziady '' play in 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_polish_political_crisis ) by communist regime that sparked a political crisis . 
  same mindset , but this time with more catholicism . 
  it 's journalist 's job to ask politicians hard questions . 
  especially ruling ones . 
  and he refused to answer any , just kept repeating that he has a `` right to present his statement to the people '' . 
  she might have not been nice , but was spot on , if you have a statement to make , call a press conference . 
  i was watching it and could n't believe my eyes . 
  gli\u0144ski behaved like gomu\u0142ka reborn . 
  same mentality , but this time with crosses . 
  if chechen wars thought us anything it 's that russian military looks good only on paper . 
  also , fighting isis may require more than throwing industrial amounts of grad missiles at their general direction . 
  it 's definitely more than just ordinary seat changes . 
  for example parliamentary special services committee has been always lead by an opposition member . 
  pis says `` nope '' and takes it for themselves , crippling parliamentary control over this sensitive area . 
  and do n't tell me that passing a law that invalidates pre-electoral picks for 5 constitution court judges was legit . 
  especially since they done that in the middle of the night refusing any discussion on the bill whatsoever and it was signed by the president on the very next day , faster than any law in the last 25 years i can think of . 
  if you add things such as attempts to censor theater , aggressive anti-left rhetoric and a fact that few dozens of ministerial nominations went to people that are borderline nuts or outright disgusting ( like a vice-minister of justice who was defending pedophyle-priests by blaming children ) it sure makes for a damn ugly picture . 
  perhaps that brilliant joke was only funny first 1000 times they 've read it ? 
  not sure how that joke is supposed to apply to wwi tho . 
  french-prussian war , perhaps , but definitely not wwi . 
  french doctrine then was in like with all the other powers and consisted of throwing tens of thousands of soldiers at positions that were way too fortified for them to handle . 
  over and over hoping that enemy runs out of warm bodies first . 
  that 's the problem with term of `` ethnic cleansing '' . 
  it involves both murdering whole populations and removing a dozen people from the village you are about to fight for . 
  good thing they 're wasting no time and already attempt to censor theater . 
  edrogan 's party was the 1st mainstream turkish party that extended its hand to kurds and he still gets bonus points for that , that 's true . 
  not sure if that makes them `` islamists '' tho . 
  conservatives ? 
  sure - hdp is a fairly left wing and progressive party even for western european standards after all , so many people might have not been too conformable voting for them , so i would n't go as far as saying that edrogan kurdish votes were for only islamist reasons . 
  and saying that there is some kind of deep hatred between erdogan voters and those who supported hdp and that arming them will lead to a war between those factions seems outright bonkers . 
  and since hdp is known to have links with pkk i 'd say that your claim that whoever voted for edrogan in the past would never think of supporting pkk in any way is debatable . 
  not to mention that you 're now only talking about turkish kurds ( citing election results ) while in the post i responed to you seemed to have talked about kurds in general . 
  overall your post are either oversimplified or attempted manipulation . 
  since when half of the kurds are `` islamists '' ? 
  i 've never seen anything even remotely supporting that claim . 
  actually arab dark ages is a term used by arab scholars to describe time since the end of its golden age ( that is since siege of baghdad ) till today . 
  for the love of all that is secular - use imgur instead of tinypic.com, 
  agreed . 
  whole definition mess around this subject is absurd . 
  every comment about socialism should probably be started with a definition of what one means by that . 
  turn the clock back 100-120 years and you would have all that written about actions of [ polish socialist party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_socialist_party ) and [ pi\u0142sudski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_pi%c5%82sudski ) . 
  broker peace with kurds offering support for kurdish real state on iraqi and syrian lands they control and problem will disappear . 
  rooting them out in police/military actions ca n't possibly work anyway when they have a quasi-state right nextdoor . 
  i by no means support their attacks on civilian administration members , nor claim that they 're wise , but that 's what happens in prolonged separatist conflict . 
  both sides keep striking at eachother , become more and more militant with every suffered death . 
  same things happaned in ireland , basque country , chechnya or indeed poland . 
  a real chance for kurds to eventually get their own country due to isis situation is probably the best chance to end ppk-related violence to date . 
  if by `` isis gone '' you mean returning to the situation from before its emergence . 
  and that 's why the only real solution to this war that i can see is some kind of agreement all all those sides where each gets more or less what they want . 
  territory-wise . 
  kurds surely wo n't go back under baghdad 's control after all that , it 's naive to think otherwise . 
  problem being that turkey and to lesser extent iraq have very little to gain resolving it unless they can broker serious peace with ppk .
