  all in all while various wings and shades of the numbers of spectrums are helpful expanding the debate i 'd say that the inner core of the party that agrees with ~ 90 % + of its program is quite overwhelming in numbers . 
  unlike p. much every other party in polish politics ours was basically created around a manifesto of principles , views and goals , rather than a known face , since we had none . 
  then things got hammered out in months of discussions and two party congresses to the point that i 'd argue that well over 80 % of the members are in what i 've called a core group . 
  so i would n't expect sudden takeovers or flip-flops anytime soon . 
  and main focus of our actions is squarely on economic and social issues . 
  on top of protesting w/e new nonsense government spews out , that is . 
  general consensus seems to be that there is already too much surveillance and internet censorship ( if you refer to uk laws ) and significant part of those measures should be rolled back , but i do n't think i 'm competent enough to give you any specifics here , perhaps maciek will be have more information in an actual ama . 
  as for eu we do hope that it will continue its painfully slow shift away from current neoliberal credo towards socialist ideals while being reformed and democratized somewhere along the ideas of diem25 . 
  we believe that while flawed it is both a great achievement and harbors potential to be changed in such away that it will secure future for all its members while helping the world around it . 
  my posts that you seem to refer to are literally some basic information about the party and then a list of its views , beliefs and policies . 
  i would n't go as far as to think that holding those views makes one a saint , but i do appreciate your enthusiasm . 
  i 'm also inclined to agree that whenever lengthy , informative post is upvoted and a contradicting it oneliner downvoted there is something not quite right . 
  global net of razem sleeper agents who 've waited for this moment to strike indeed seems like a logical conclusion . 
  that number means the amount up to which the incurrence covers . 
  joys of online communication . 
  cheers . 
  you still seem to be under the impression that i think you 're alt-right . 
  you said once you are n't and i just accepted it moving to the option # 2 . 
  it would be weird not to , really . 
  i just claim that you acted like one . 
  not sure why you keep trying to break down those open doors . 
  well , they are more into isolationism within national borders while leaving eu to its own devises rather than trying to remake it as a socialist entity as we would have it . 
  as for the view that putin 's russia is a far-right ultra-capitalist jingoistic kleptocracy feeding off its own people southerners prove reasonably easy to sway when talked to personally . 
  die linke not so much . 
   i am looking favorably at robert biedro\u0144 . 
  smart guy , a lot of what he says resonates with me and he seems to be respectful towards people with differing opinions . 
  something you are sorely lacking . 
  ( as do i , but i am not in the business of convincing people to vote for me . ), 
  he 's what i hope for modern left in poland to look like . 
  i also find it pretty telling that he distances himself from you guys . 
  i would n't say i 'm here to convince people to vote for us . 
  it 's hardly a treasure trove of potential polish voters , so i just answer questions for the benefit of our foreign friends while redditing as usual . 
  as to the being respectful , lets get back to that later . 
  and yes , biedro\u0144 is indeed a promising politician . 
  we have good relations , so i would n't say he distances himself from us . 
  hell , if think i even have a selfie with him from when he visited us in front of the kprm last year . 
  i mean , he 's doing his own thing and there are still years to the elections , it would be very silly for him to bet on one horse or another while he has an excuse to remain cordial to everyone . 
   nope . 
  inquisitorial tendencies . 
  `` you are unsympathetic towards my party , so i 'll brand you alt-right . 
  then i 'll glimpse through your positing history to reinforce my bias . 
  another strawman down . '', 
  i do n't want a party with politicians/supporters sharing your mentality getting anywhere near institutions of power . 
  by the time i stumbled upon this thread you managed accuse my party and my extension me of being tumblerinas  but what is modern left ? 
  - they asked themselves . 
  then they looked at american college campus gender politics , us academia brand of marxism and also tumblr and loved what they saw . 
  thus razem was born . 
  a stalinists  poland has not yet fully recovered from the previous squad trying to instill that philosopher 's ideas and wo n't for many years to come . 
  marxists getting into power again would be a catastrophe . 
  and even a part of animal farm incarnate  correct . 
  everyone in razem is equal , while people like zandberg are more equal than others . 
  in other words he 's not the leader , but currently the equalest meber of the party . 
  only to complain that i 'm not respectful towards you `` differing opinions '' . 
  based on those two bits , a conversation that followed and a quick glance at your post history ( since i had you green in res ) i formed a `` working opinion '' that you 're either an alt-right troll or an asshole . 
  i 'd argue that for reddit standards i 've shown a pretty remarkable restrain under your constant slew of baseless , thoughtless and outright silly accusation . 
  now when i think about it you could probably ho ahead and post those 3 quotes along with the `` cult '' bit crowned by your complaint about my lack of manners on some / r/altrightinaction and no one would be the wiser . 
  that would be me for today . 
  goodnight !, 
  that 's an interesting observation . 
  i do n't think i 've met many people who are part of razem berlin , maybe save kuba sypia\u0144ski , but he 's on and off . 
  could you give some example of those symptoms of being taken over by sjws ? 
  i 'd argue that we 're very far from becoming a limousine-left albeit we have many internal groups with different interests , and it stands to reason that knowing berlin a sizable amount of people there would be less involved in everyday plight of supermarket worker in radomsko and more in topics related to art , equality or immigration . 
  it is a medical travel insurance that can be a part of your preexisting insurance package if you have one , or is simply bought for a several days to cover potential medical expenses that may occur abroad . 
  considering that we 're apparently crypto-stalinists , that 's quite interesting . 
  was it my negative view on internet-bashing that tipped this fragile balance ? 
  still , could you be so kind and answer the question from above ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  you know how it is in internet conversations , a lot is being lost in translation , so i 'd love to know how i apparently catastrophically misjudged your views . 
   what kind of leftist are you then ? 
  could you make it a bit clearer by naming a politician or few that you support or would support ? 
  probably gue/ngl considering that we have a working relations with both podemos and syriza among others , but do n't quote me on that better ask maciek when the actual ama comes . 
  while those two would be fairly easy some of the rest would be interesting to say the least considering how our representatives ' pro-eu pro-reform tone is n't always well received among eu 's left , like here for example : http://euro-planb.dk/, 
  cool , i 'll look into it . 
  right . 
  whatever you say . 
  we 're totally a cult . 
  still waiting for those rad togas and shit , tho . 
  what kind of leftist are you then ? 
  could you make it a bit clearer by naming a politician or few that you support or would support ? 
  as for the alt-right bit i glimpsed at your account and noticed that you 're quite active on various `` bashing '' subreddits and as a rule of thumb i assume that people who spend their free time actively looking for things to get angry and vocal about are n't entirely right in the head . 
  whatever their chosen subject of ire could be . 
  i just checked and actual cost of such 5 day insurance is around 6 $ here , so i would n't call it steep . 
  i 'll be visiting some friends near hajn\u00f3wka later this spring and got excited about effortlessly visiting belarus for a day or two if we had some time to kill . 
  still , i guess i 'll keep the destination in mind . 
  decryminalization of drugs . 
  as for legalization of weed i 'd agree with most of what / u/importwurst said - we 're generally for it , but we wo n't put it on our banners . 
  it 's less about it being or not being popular and more with a fact that it is too tasty of a media bait and would take away the media attention ( the little there is ) from more important issues that we want to raise . 
  it would also strongly associate us in public mind with certain short lived liberal party that had nothing beyond pro-weed stance , anticlericalism , scandalous leader and a handful of competent pms going for it . 
  it would really hurt us with people we want to reach the most while providing literally no tangible political benefit whatsoever . 
   well , ca n't argue with someone who can read my thoughts , can i ? 
  the funny thing is left is notorious for knowing better what everyone else is thinking . 
  that 's called `` giving the benefit of the doubt '' . 
  someone who was against political correctness could have written `` i ca n't believe someone can be that incredibly stupid '' instead , but i try to limit myself lexically in such discussions . 
  it seems we 've reach the wall here . 
  have a good day , sir !, 
  comparing democratic socialists to stalinists is like comparing christian democrats to franko 's fascists , and i 'm being generous with the latter . 
  and i have n't seen anyone stupid enough to decry t-shirts with nietzsche or schopenhauer despite the fact that both heavily influenced hitler and nazism . 
  you know as well as i do that this is an incredibly stupid comparison , so you should probably stop using it and save us both some time . 
  i 'd say democratic socialists , really , but i guess that depends on your view on military/defense matters . 
  due to alarming lack of islandness we ca n't afford mr. corbyn 's ideas on that front for example .
