  is it ? 
  interesting . 
  i 'm more worried by the fact that people with utterly rasict views could land in lower parts of the graph , as long as their other views are proper . 
  never claimed it 's much more than a fun distraction . 
   not sure what this means tho , but the purple quarter seems less common than the other 3 . 
  it would probably be much more common among americans . 
  i tried to recall another smart idea by cameron , but came up empty . 
  but then again , i do n't follow all that closely , so he probably had a few at some point . 
  well , for me it 's like this : economic left/right : -7.25 social libertarian/authoritarian : -7.64 . 
  - so that 's soc-liberal , i guess ? 
  looks like `` what retarded thing a politician in a region will say today ? '', 
  kind of week . 
  i 'm usually very restrained in criticizing our visengard partners , but the parade of morons we 're seeing lately is off the charts . 
  just borderline slavery for non-citizens . 
  not even a actual , official slavery - those fucking refugees and their absurd entitlement . 
  what would they want next ? 
  eu to respect its own refugee laws ? 
  also fyi [ * well * over 90 % syrian refugees ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jqqs2nnq5a ) are in other parts of syria or in the other countries in the region . 
  you 're quite right i guess . 
  after all there were 43.000 polish refugees that were accepted and cared for without as much as a complain . 
  and here we are , 70 years later , being dozens times more wealthy , having all the information about the world at our fingertips and yet we choose to throw tantrums over accepting two thousand refugees from the region torn by similarly horrid war . 
  one that we are n't all that fully innocent about at that . 
  it fucking blows my mind that people hear [ syrians ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbm4trp42ny ) and see something between isis fighter and a mongol horde . 
  how fucking ignorant can one possibly be when information about the state of syria before the war is few keystrokes away ? 
  or just look at the fucking lebanon . 
  they were almost the same , save corrupt dictator . 
  and well over 90 % of all syrian refugees have been accepted by countries in a region . 
  is n't that the point ? 
  all this subreddit is doing lately is making broad statements about peoples they know next to nothing about and are n't interested in learning . 
  i think the essence of it was captured perfectly in this comment . 
  too simple of a pattern . 
  it 's more related to the development of absolutist form of government and later nationalistic ideologies . 
  our decentralized , non-expansionist to the point of pacifism ( times when our military was n't refused enough taxes by sejm were almost non-existent ) and right-respecting way of running things proved not suit for the times , when coupled with decadent tendencies what transpired in late xvii/early xviii century . 
  they were definitely light shock units that based their success on very high level of training and discipline in following the doctrine . 
  the basic tactic used against that was the undoing of cavalry in rest of europe - pike/musket formations - were repeated charges followed by almost instant disengagements . 
  unit would start a charge in loose formation to minimize effectiveness of enemy fire and terrain issues and then on last 50 meters tight up the formation to the point when soldiers would be almost knee to knee ( according to several sources ) . 
  right after the impact if enemy was still holding they would instantly disengage and come back for the new lances . 
  lances used for such work were designed to be significantly longer than infantrymen 's pike ( they were hollow inside to save on weight ) and were the only part of hussar 's equipment that was provided by the state . 
  for example in [ battle of klushino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_klushino ) some hussar units were reported to charge russian positions ( that were decently fortified ) 8-10 times . 
  at the same time the anti-pike tactic was an afterthought . 
  most of the fighting was done against light tatar and russian horsemen so the speed was the most important factor . 
  another detrimental thing for european enemies was the fact that reiters - the most common kind of european cavalry was , while perfect against classic european forces were utterly unable to hold their ground against a shock cavalry charge . 
  again and again attempts to throw cavalry reserves at hussars resulted in slaughter and very fast routs , like during [ battle of kircholm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kircholm ) . 
  all in all , if we were to use modern terms it would probably resemble modus operandi of special forces . 
  there were no official equipment lists ( except said long lances ) and every hussar was bringing such weapons as he saw fit . 
  most sources report that standard soldier of the formation was usually carrying more stuff than a weapon rack : [ sabres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/szabla ) , [ horseman picks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseman's_pick ) , bows , pistols , carbines , short lances ( used against enemy cavalry ) , [ koncerz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koncerz ) ( long , straight sword designed for stabbing ) , pa\u0142asz ( kind of a broadsword with heavy tip made for slashing ) and so on . 
  being prepared for everything was the name of the game . 
  fun fact - our western border with holy roman empire was the most peaceful one in pre-modern europe , so it was n't all that bad . 
  there were tones of german immigrants too and for the most part huge part of our infantry and artillery was made of german gastarbeiters . 
  it 's only last ~ 250 years that have been not so great there :p, 
  actually you pulled all the invasions of 2nd part of xvii century into one . 
  it was not only swedes but all the other wars and invasions that happened at the same time as well . 
  russians , cossacks , tatars even romanians . 
  literally only border that was n't attacked at once was the german one . 
  but then again - we have n't fought a single war against germans for about 500 years . 
  that 's a gross exaggeration . 
  i just spent big part of my free time this month gathering signatures for left wing party i 'm in , by bothering strangers on the streets . 
  i not only was n't ostracized , but number of people reacting negatively to our leftism was far , far , * far * lower than amount of those who were enthusiastic about it . 
  and if you count those who did n't really care either way you end up with perhaps 2-3 % of population harboring any noticeable anti-left sentiment . 
  news at 11 !, 
  not only european children and teens are assholes . 
  i 'm pretty sure more women were raped by germans , poles , dutchmen , czechs and frenchmen in germany in last decade or so , than by pakistanis , or any other non-european nation out there for that matter . 
  russian tourists can be bad , but not nearly as often and not nearly as bad as british ones . 
  i liked the estonian trip , but besides that i 'm very not impressed . 
  he wasted no time before contributing to pis campaign by bullshit `` oh , i totally thought that this government will fulfill my promises !, 
  what a shocking lack of cooperation , we should change a ruling party at once ! '', 
  and even more ridiculous additions to already moronic referendum . 
  yes , i 'm pretty familiar with the state of us , and let 's just say it that us did n't make the list of places where i 'd ever want to live , yet alone rise a family . 
  not by a long shot . 
  thing is that while case that us should pack up its toys and go home may be made , it is unlikely to happen in foreseeable future . 
  due to both political inertia ( that happens to be absurdly high in us these days ) and the simple fact that the fact of being a superpower makes * a lot * of americans feel nice and fuzzy inside . 
  we are pretty much hard wired to strive to make our tribe most powerful one around since it greatly boosts our chances of survival . 
  tens of thousands of years of that truth are hard to root out . 
  especially since it 's not all that false even now . 
   you refer to poland 's problems as yours but state below you 're a us citizen . 
  are you a dual citizen ? 
  sloppy writing . 
  i meant `` if i were an '' rather than ` as american citizen '' . 
  apologies about the confusion . 
  and as far as regional cooperation goes ? 
  it 's a slow process that is prone to setbacks due to different views on russia in other important countries in a region such as hungary , slovakia and czech republic . 
  it 's actually our long term goal to build a strong regional coalition to serve as a counterweight to russian ambitions . 
  it 's not an easy task especially when it comes to the most key `` targets '' such as ukraine and belarus . 
  we 've been working on pulling ukraine towards and into eu for over a decade now , and as you probably noticed there is some heavy opposition . 
  for a good reason too - in medium-long and long term developing polish-ukrainian cooperation ( and perhaps integration ) would spell definite end of russian influence in europe . 
  especially if at some point belarus would decide that it likes us more . 
  and since russia is n't ready to give up its imperial dreams and we are n't going to give up ensuring that russia is n't a threat for us , there will be sparks . 
  i made an edit while you 're responding adding this to my previous post :  and as far as us national interests go ? 
  us world domination rests of shoulders of its numerous allies , who find its military potential useful , even if often `` stinky '' . 
  therefore us has to remain useful if it wants to keep its status as a lone superpower . 
  such are the costs of goals like that . 
  and i do n't think that foreign policy can be considered in the binary choice you propose - send troops like viagra adverts or not send them at all . 
  in some international crises not sending any troops is by far the best bet , in others its borderline genocidal . 
  world politics is n't a simple thing , as you may imagine , and there are very few complicated issues that can be dealt with by applying simple solutions . 
  more often than not such an approach does way more harm than good , despite authors ' good intentions . 
  most likely . 
  frankly , i have no love for most of us foreign policy ( to put it very mildly ) . 
  on the other hand , if i were an american i 'd probably prefer us troops to engage in staring at russians in europe , rather than having more or less moronic adventures in middle east . 
  much less carnage and suffering for everyone involved and especially bystanders and people experiencing various complications that tend to emerge later ( isis , collapse of libya etc. ) . 
  and as far as us national interests go ?
