  is it bad that i have n't heard about that guy before ? 
  rising support for far-right and actions of orban . 
  `` fascist '' is authoritarian with thing for nationalism and militarism . 
  sounds about right , would n't you say ? 
  tho i guess jingoism is a better term since fascism is associated with ethnic cleansing and there was none of it as of yet . 
  people seem to forget that russia is a huge country with a shrinking population of 145m , barely functioning infrastructure , deep social problems and much more powerful neighbours . 
  natural resources , nuclear weapons and russophylia in some european countries are almost the only things they have going for them . 
  it may or may not have something to do with your political exploits as of late . 
  people arguing there seem to know very little compared to the level of their passion for the subject . 
  for example forgetting that latin was one of two official languages in poland at the time and making a big deal out of the fact that he 's spoken german more than polish . 
  and of course applying xx century measurements of nationality 400 years too early . 
  one would think that person of great polish german , or german-speaking pole ( or however else we 'd like to call him ) would be an excuse to think about centuries of peaceful and fruitful cooperation between our nations rather than to get into some pointless arguments . 
  after last centuries and especially wwii people forget that from xv to xviii century ( longer if you do n't count teutons ) borders between poland and german states remained unchanged . 
  there was n't a single war for over three , otherwise bloody , centuries . 
  i 'd say that 's something we should focus on , not how has sopken what language 500 years ago . 
  whatever the case that 's one fine bonfire !, 
  polish cities had very often more german immigrants than polish inhabitants at the time so speaking german on top of polish and latin was nothing out of the ordinary . 
  hell , for centuries most of polish infantry was made of german ( and scottish ) gastarbeiters . 
  nations in central europe used to intertwine much , much more than what we are used to after events of xx century . 
  finland 's maternity box just made it into front page of polish biggest news site , 
  now ? 
  perhaps . 
  but it has been going on for years in varied degree . 
  what is happening now in gaza is hardly an unthinkable development , is it ? 
  that does n't change a fact that this russian law changing marathon is clearly disgusting . 
  i wish i could downvote you in good conscience ... level of jingoism in israel is even higher than in russia and yet no one bats an eye . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace . 
  as far as i 'm concerned you can be even 3 as long as you have rudimentary knowledge on the subject and not jump to conclusions . 
  and yes , it was ad personam - i 'm just sick and tired of holier-than-thou , know-it-all kiddy crusaders . 
  oh , so you are semi-familiar with this single case ? 
  i know several cases with extensive files with subject registered as tss who were n't paid and both very reluctant and useless for sb . 
  as well as files that had only 2 bits - one where subjects signs and becomes tw with pseudonym etc. 
  and second where file is closed without anything else happening . 
  and numerous other inbetween those situations . 
  as well as ones with eager and willing tws , obviously . 
  my point is that this subject is much more complex than you seem to realise ( or want to realise , rather ) and simply being tw proves hardly anything . 
  i 've seen files of tws heroic beyond reason and ones with common scum . 
  and yet you sit on your high horse in year 2014 judging people based on shreds of information . 
  hero of our times !, 
  you have no idea what are you talking about . 
  every person who signed `` lojalka '' got his or her file started and become tw . 
  that was most common way of becoming one . 
  i have n't seen boni files and assumed that it was passport-related due to the annotation on ipn page . 
  i have , however , seen number of original ipn files of tws and can assure you that not every tw provided anything of use to sb nor was paid . 
  that 's just absurd and if you ever hand few random files in your hand you would have known that . 
  actually most of the cases i 've seen involved some kind of blackmail ( two most common were threatening to withhold a passport and threatening to take away person 's job ) and then subject playing cat and mouse with an officer assigned to him and eventually cooperation was either put on the shelf or terminated . 
  edit : wikipedia claims that after '56 people were only registered as kos that way . 
  that seems false since i am familiar with several cases with extensive files with subject were n't paid and both very reluctant and useless for sb , that started in late 60s . 
  information about it being a passport thing is on that ipn page . 
  either way my point stands . 
  you know what is worse than `` poland can into space '' joke ? 
  thing that you 've just written . 
  according to the source you linked that was standard procedure of people becoming tw in order to get passport . 
  everyone who wanted to get one had his file started for the sake of debrief when he came back from abroad . 
  and it was 1988 . 
  yeah , i 'm sure he was a cold-blooded murderer . 
  she got to parliament because people voted for her . 
  she represents her voters . 
  if you like it or not is irrelevant . 
  there where dozens sportsmen and other celebrities who got elected because of their popularity but i do n't see crusade of retards against them . 
  so even assuming that grodzka has no faculties in matters of state ( i have no idea , bur i 'd assume she has some ) it still does n't explain fascination by right-wingers . 
  he was registered as tw in 1988 ( sic ! ), 
  in [ order to have passport approved ] ( http://archive.today/ch6c ) ( so like most of tws ) and there is no evidence of him providing anything useful for sb . 
  but sure , let 's burn him at the stake so 16year-olds who ca n't get over communism they have n't experienced feel that justice is served . 
  i was always amazed how much right-wing tools care about someone 's sexuality or if they undergone sex change . 
  it 's quite in interesting material for psychological studies , i 'd assume . 
  yes , that 's exactly what is says , 
  just a few i 'm sure about . 
  very likely many more . 
  palikot 's party has many reasonable people . 
  we sure are strong contender in `` morons sent to european parliament '' category . 
  even marine le pen considered him too radical to work with and that sure is something . 
  yeah , that makes sense . 
  this is for coordinating and funding space-related research . 
  there is quite a lot of it happening on various technical universities . 
  doubt it means we suddenly want to put a man on mars or something . 
  itt : all polandball jokes you can eat !, 
   sezon og\u00f3rkowy = silly season  i like `` cucumber season '' translation better , 
  what supermarket ? 
  i 'd say that summer ( or `` sezon og\u00f3rkowy '' ) is to blame here . 
  in july and august everything is newsworthy . 
  lol , this is hilarious . 
  yeah , my bad . 
  mental shortcut . 
  i meant that he had a right to refuse abortion and refer patient to another doctor . 
  nice video . 
  love the waterfall . 
  he had to either perform the adoption or refer the patient to another doctor . 
  he just stalled and deceived her till abortion was no longer legal . 
  if there ever was an obvious abortion case it was this one . 
  child had no chance of survival due to having only 20 % of standard human brain , heavily deformed skull to the point where eyes were out of sockets etc. 
  it had healthy lungs tho and doctors feared that it 's agony will last months . 
  it died yesterday after 10 days of `` living '' . 
  love your imagined version of those events , but how that has anything to do with this ? 
  wow , that 's crazy . 
  i thought turkey is much more secular than that . 
  said baby died yesterday after 9 days in the intensive care unit . 
  sure ha has right to believe whatever he wants , but then he is just few steps away from believing that prayer cures cancer and chemotherapy is a work of the devil and by giving it to patient he condemns them for eternity . 
  or something like that . 
  he also had right to refer patient to another doctor/clinic but refused to do so either since in his eyes that would make him accessory to murder .
