  i 'm so sick of putin by now ... 
  that explains the confusion in ukraine !, 
  about crimea i 'd go with the article too . 
  actually , it was my view on it all along . 
  it was more about short victorious war to rally people to the banner and blame west for that train wreck in slow motion called russian economy , than anything else . 
  it , however , was quite logical . 
  made in a very clean fashion and costs both via sanctions and of integrating crimea into russia were more or less manageable . 
  especially for such a political boost . 
  both creating a rebellion and invading ukraine seems beyond pointless tho and it gets worse with every passing day . 
  sanctions are piling up , rubel sinks , cargoes 200 keep coming , parts of population start to get uneasy and even nato is getting more assertive by the day . 
  russian military victory seems within reach , but that 's not the end of the problems - annexing eastern ukraine will bring more sanctions further killing russian economy and costs of rebuilding it after conquests will be huge and long term . 
  even his successful propaganda ca n't keep people fooled forever and once they 'll start losing jobs and money it wo n't be long till they start to blame putin along with the west . 
  frankly , i do n't see how any kind of russian control over e. ukraine ( be it direct , or via those republics ) can end in anything other than disaster for russian federation and possibly even putin himself . 
  to make things worse , since nationalistic genie is out of the bottle there is no telling how far putin will decide to go once he realises that things are starting to crumble around him . 
  i assume he 's simply using this far-right hysteria rather than believing in it , so he may stop , do the math and back off soon , but that 's everyone guess , really . 
  remember that polls like that involve whole population including old people . 
  like my grandmother who still remembers being forced , along with the rest of the town , to watch local jews being tortured and then hanged on town square in 1941 . 
  she was 6 at the time and to this day she simply ca n't watch a film with people speaking german in it for example . 
  she knows that germany is n't a threat or an enemy nowadays but i still ca n't imagine her answering that she likes germans . 
  i 'd imagine everyone her age or older having serious trouble with that . 
  both sides of the story are a bit oversimplified . 
  frankly uk was n't really ready to launch and offensive against germany in september , but france was . 
  both governments decided not to but britain gets most of the blame by being also associated with munich , yalta asshole move about victory parade and few others . 
  also whole `` we went to war over you , be grateful ! '', 
  attitude that some have is infuriating when that has n't helped us one bit . 
  and knowing that quick french offensive would have met little to no resistance in september and might have even managed to end the war within few months . 
  both sides of the story are a bit oversimplified . 
  frankly uk was n't really ready to launch and offensive against germany in september , but france was . 
  both governments decided not to but britain gets most of the blame by being also associated with munich , yalta asshole move about victory parade and few others . 
  also whole `` we went to war over you , be grateful ! '', 
  attitude that some have is infuriating when that has n't helped us one bit . 
  and knowing that quick french offensive would have met little to no resistance in september and might have even managed to end the war within few months . 
  i would n't go as far as highly regarded , but he is n't disliked like in most of the europe . 
  sadly this : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fjrlr/how_poles_view_other_nations_xpost/cka6q0s most non-ignorant and especially older then 25 people actually like turkey . 
  i do n't think that liking italians and especially spaniards has anything to do with them being catholic . 
  at least it would never occur to me . 
  very much this . 
  mindboggling , really . 
  as far as i can tell from internet our youth is getting some kind of anti-muslim/anti-immigrant sentiment all of the sudden . 
  despite very limited numbers of either of those here . 
  beats me why , but negative attitude towards roma ( mistaken with romanians on daily basis ) , turks and vietnamese seems to support that . 
  thx a lot . 
  i 've ignored the article based on the title , i 'll check it now . 
  there was no rebellion till russian condottieri built it from scratch using local things , russian propaganda and russian tourists , so let 's not kid ourselves with stories about popular uprising . 
  tho i guess things you mentioned in first paragraph may be about right . 
  and , in form of indiscriminate shelling , a main reason why support for those imported separatists has risen lately . 
  i do n't see it leading to wwiii either way . 
  not in a short to medium timeframe at least . 
  neither nato intervention in ukraine nor hanging ukrainians up to dry will have any immediate global consequences . 
  yet alone wwiii or any kind of nuclear solution . 
  in my view putin can and will move as far as west will let him . 
  ukraine is no georgia however . 
  all that already takes months and it is much closer to the eu borders . 
  also eastern european countries have both more to lose and are more influential than in the time of georgia . 
  not nearly influential enough tho , as it seems . 
  by now there are really two or three options . 
  we could send nato forces in some capacity or at least provide air strikes against rebels . 
  that 's probably the only chance for this conflict to end with kiev government regaining the control over it 's territory . 
  putin would bitch , moan and tell stories about bad , bad west , but would also use his handy `` there are no russians in ukraine '' card to save some face . 
  he 's rallied voters to the standard so most important part of the whole plan would have been successful anyway . 
  that was option 1 . 
  if west will stick to sanctions or even move to arming ukraine it wo n't help one bit and ua army will be crushed within weeks , if not worse . 
  putin will either try to carve out eastern ukraine ( most likely ) or will try to take the whole country as a puppet state . 
  if first then he will be allowed to do so and we 'll simply get georgian situation . 
  if he will try to take kiev and beyond things may get very hot very fast . 
  my university buddy works as an analyst for center of eastern studies think-tank here in warsaw . 
  it is one of the centres that provides analyses and suggestions for the government . 
  i 've been nagging him for months for some inside knowledge and while he was n't able to tell me much from what i understand direct and immediate danger for kiev is seen as a breaking point for polish policy in this conflict . 
  in that case we may break rank as a nato and eu member ( like we would have till that point ) and send forces into ukraine in order to prevent an advance on its capital while bilaterally seeking assistance and guarantees from possible allies . 
  or at least that was the scenario for that situation two months back . 
  yeah , i mean how incompetent that military command can really be ? 
  accidentally shell city for a day ? 
  sure - can happen . 
  an overzealous medium rank officer is nothing surprising . 
  but for months ? 
  someone somewhere is bound to realise that this is a fucking awful idea , right ? 
  well , apparently not , but i just ca n't comprehend it . 
  it almost seems like in order to vastly improve the leadership in this war they just got ta grab a random person with proper higher education ( big chance of said person not being an utter moron ) and make him or her commander-in-chief . 
  i would n't be surprised if things would have significantly improved within days after that kind of gambit . 
  assuming that it is ua army , and not particularly devious russian/dnr units , shelling donetsk i have trouble understanding what 's the point of it . 
  seems counter-productive in every way i can think of . 
  anyone ? 
  huh ? 
  i know little about macroeconomy , but as far as crisis responses go polish governemnt went the other way and kept spending high throughout the crisis in order to not suffocate the economy . 
  seems like it worked quite well . 
  guess he did n't have to compensate ... 
  the other way around . 
  as a member of eastern european left i always cringe reading western european left fantasies about things related to russia . 
  such a thoughtless mental copy/paste with little to no understanding of the region or anything in it . 
  it 's both sad and funny how western left seems to always go hand in hand with eastern european far-right in situations like this . 
  and how exactly are those two different , beyond their legal status ? 
  not so pretty ? 
  they snore ? 
  or maybe they just have harder time not being screwed over by employer/anyone ? 
  are n't those advanced assault ships used for coastal assault ? 
  i remember remarks by russian brass that if they had those in georgia they would have won within 12 hours . 
  i found it just barely on the right side of hilarious/disgusting line . 
  not sure how i feel about it ... 
  to avoid sanctions russia itself imposed ? 
  that would be beyond insane even for putin .
