  neither or those would be particularly stable , except maybe pis + psl one , assuming that the former learned how to play ball . 
  you mean at summer school of swedish young socialists ? 
  yeah , how dreadful . 
  while she might have been a ( semi - ) competent minister she really is n't a material for prime minister . 
  she has no charisma , no comunication skills , no passion . 
  it 's not impossible that she was appointed pm by tusk for those very reasons tho . 
  she is supposed to be a transitional figurehead preparing voters for an ascention by po 's 2nd - schetyna or tusk 's comeback at some point . 
  while i think that . moderna is about as misguided in their beliefs as one can be , they are probably more than an another incarnation of po . 
  they may change into one down the line , but for now i 'd assume that they are real representation of medium/big business and people cordial towards it . 
  and that 's a good thing - all groups in the society should have their representation in democratic debate . 
  it 's much better for the country than frankenstein of a parties such as po and pis , in my opinion . 
  it 's hard to tell for sure since she stood no trial due to said incompetence , but if i were to bet she probably would have indeed been the only pis success 2 years long corruption witchhunts . 
  according to polish laws higher management operating in poland has to pay income tax here . 
  there really is n't much they can do about it . 
  that actually may be the only real improvement to polish tax law implemented by po - 1 person `` coe service '' companies are n't possible anymore . 
  and whatever you may think about corporations they wo n't break laws for pennies such as those . 
  it 's bad for business . 
  it 's neo-keynesian economy , plain and simple . 
  75 % tax 's main goal is to discourage companies to put too much of their salary budget into the pockets of higher management ( by taxing excessive income heavily ) in order to make spending the same money for wages for lower level employees more cost-effective . 
  100.000 pln spent on a bonus for a regional ceo will almost entirely disappear from polish economy into the international speculation funds . 
  same money paid to 1000 or 100 lower level employees will be almost entirely spent in the country helping local entrepreneurs . 
  razem is closer ideologically to spd than to die linke and these days british labour is.more radical than us . 
  we 're literally mainstream social-democrats with new left twist , and you 're saying that we want to create a totalitarian quasi-communist , brutal , soviet puppet state state ? 
  really ? 
  razem is closer ideologically to spd than to die linke and these days british labour is.more radical than us . 
  we 're literally mainstream social-democrats with new left twist , and you 're saying that we want to create a totalitarian quasi-communist state ? 
  get your facts straight . 
  last polls had them ( us ) at 5 % that indeed guarantees seats . 
  i 'm sorry but i actually ca n't atm . 
  i just got home and i have to catch a train in 45 minutes and i 'll be working for ~ 20h tomorrow in order to be able to get back to warsaw on sunday . 
  i 'll try to elaborate a bit later on , but i think i wo n't be able to do better than that cenea report i linked the other day . 
  as far as nationalization goes we simply want to end the quasi-free-market systems in railroads and healthcare finding it wasteful , dogmatic and defying reason . 
  we want the state to keep control of energy sector , stop doing public/privite partnership infrastructure projects that cost a magnitude times more than fully public ones , but with benefit that costs will be paid by next government , while the current one gets to do the opening . 
  when it comes to state-run factories we meant kind of an industrial arm of polish tech-unis . 
  funding innovative projects and basic as well as complex reaserch in unison in supporting commercial start-up in those fields . 
  i do n't know the details tho , may try to ask around but am , as i said , short on time . 
  well , as an active-ish razem member for 5 months i 'll sure as hell be voting for my colleagues . 
  with polls on the steep rise i 'd be actually quite surprised if we did n't manage to get to sejm at this point . 
  it 's all true . 
  totally not a joke . 
  razem 's top agenda is to crown mao as a king of poland , as reported by gazeta wyborcza earlier today citing influential political analysts from make life harder institute . 
  i respect korwin supporters too . 
  as long as they are n't older than 18 . 
  then i 'm getting a bit worried about them . 
  depends on what axis you are looking at . 
  surprising amount of people told me that they planned to vote for kukiz , but when they learned about us ( razem ) we got their vote . 
  so i was handing out razem flayers in warsaw over last few days and the amount of people who started to recognize us and enthusiastically react to us since wednesday is insane . 
  and we are apparently a hit among old people . 
  the amount of old women who professed their new found love towards our party to me was a bit mindblowing . 
  perhaps they did n't like those people who emigrated ? 
  not anymore . 
  no one will remember polska razem in few months . 
  i handed out over 1000 razem flayers over last 3 days and i was asked if we 're those with gowin only once . 
  and even that person quickly connected the dots once i mentioned the debate . 
  razem is kind of podemos-ish party created , among other people , by greens who left green party when it went all cult-like anti-gmo . 
  do n't be silly . 
  no one wants to hear your reasonable opinions . 
  saying that nowacka is a complete figurehead is a big stretch . 
  sure we ( as razem ) have to insinuate that in the campaign , but no one actually believes that . 
  she 's a competent enough politician with her own gravitas , who it 's still quite possible that she 'll be outmanouvered by old satyrs . 
  - pdf  ] ( http://www.cenea.org.pl/images/stories/pdf/commentaries/raport5.pdf ) claims that razem 's program is the cheapest one except the psl 's ( that does n't really want to change anything ) . 
   morocco considers melilla and ceuta to be part of its territory . 
  if history tells us anything , it is that morocco likes to send masses of its nationals to foreign lands , settle them their permanently and then claim said territory as their own . 
  so you 're saying that they come to the foreign land , settle there and once there is enough of them they take control ? 
  i wish we had a term for such aggressive * colonization * . 
  funny enough i have him tagged as libertarian . 
  you know shit is bad when even libertarians complain about exploitative international corporations . 
   do you have the data though ? 
  as i said , they are on wikipedia in `` rape statistics '' article . 
  but , i am not the one making a claim , am i ? 
  so again : what date have you based your claims on ? 
  jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski does n't travel back and forth in time like us mere mortals . 
  he uses temporal bilocation in a such way that his mind is firmly in xix century , while his month and the rest in a present day . 
  very impressive individual that one . 
   rape is a lot more prevalent in syria . 
  it seems to be about 8 times less common than in poland or spain , according to pre-war statistics on wikipedia . 
  do you happen to have a data to back your claims , or are their pulled out of your ass ? 
  they try to revitalize their dead agriculture every other year for 20 + years now . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  i fully believed him , till he claimed wanting to throw a party . 
  why not use estonian embassies for that ? 
  they count as estonian soil and pipes could be much shorter . 
  that was actually a very good joke . 
  unlike yours . 
  how people in belgium chose their spouses ? 
  randomly select 3 people and pick the one you like the least ? 
  hammer and sickle is still a popular leftist symbol in countries who never experienced loving soviet union 's embrace , turkey and kurds included . 
  few months back after suruc bombing local kurds , sympatisers of pkk and hdp , were flying similar flags during the demonstration in warsaw . 
  also in predominantly muslim countries socialism was and often still is the only real secularist alternative . 
   there is nothing about how they plan to grow the economy , nothing on how they will help entrepreneurs - i would even say it treats them as milking cows . 
  major boon for entrepanoors is a leveled playing field . 
  getting rid of things like illegal `` trash contracts '' , `` special economic zones '' and ways for big corporations to avoid paying taxes allows smaller and law-abiding companies to have a fair shot . 
  and economy is supposed to grow due to increased domestic demand from the money that wo n't get funneled abroad or end up on accounts of several bank executives . 
  stimulating economy by rising purchasing power of wide groups of people ( `` trickle up economy '' if you will ) is an unorthodox approach from neo-liberal point of view , but i 'd say it 's much more solid that what we got recently . 
  higher minimal wage and more aggressive progression in taxation are the means to that end . 
  i 'm one of the voters that will `` lose '' on their tax changes , but i believe that they 'll be much , much better for the whole country 's economy and eventually for me in the long run , than what other parties are presenting . 
  no , not really . 
  i happen to know quite a few people from the top brass of the party and i know they 're being serious . 
  it 's very short , so it 's to be expected . 
  sadly , i was n't able to find something like this : https://uk.isidewith.com/political-quiz,
