  you really need to sober up or something . 
  i ca n't understand a thing of this gibberish . 
  ehm ... ... yyy ... are you okay ? 
   * the handwriting * which in no way resembles that of a polish immigrant we were already using letters in poland at the time , you know !, 
  at least for a decade , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i do n't think that even our nationalists are that dumb . 
  they may want to know how to build functioning society and modern economy in post-ussr state . 
  i will be very disappointed if a cover of one of the british tabloids wo n't read : `` polish immigrants - terrorizing britain for 126 years now ! '', 
  economically he is right . 
  whoever gets eastern ukraine now will have a huge drain on their economy . 
  industry in donetsk and lugansk regions is n't nearly as important as it used to be 30 years ago . 
  major arms factories , for example , are outside of territory controlled by russia . 
  and while getting this land would be a great political success for putin i do n't think he did the math when it comes to paying for all of it . 
  he seems to be driven by nationalistic delusions rather than by some machiavellian logic . 
   yeah , if only our politicians held the same views earlier . 
  i mean , poland was screaming about this the whole time really . 
  i 'd really love , if we stopped being right about russia ... 
  yeah , 1000 seems like quite an overkill , especially with your size and geographical placement . 
  i really do n't think that turkey or macedonia are about to invade you guys . 
  this . 
  that 's what he 's been doing for half a year now and is yet to be stopped . 
  well , that 's what 's so handy about those silly republicans . 
  they may just do it for the heck of it when you need them to . 
  too bad they are bloody morons when it comes to almost anything else . 
  hell , i 'd buy 400 for 150 million $ myself !, 
  ok , here we go article point by point , since i 'll probably have to do that anyway to shut you up : * * no plan for isis * - petty bickering and obama bashing . 
  situation is new and unfolding , and things are clearly to be discussed and planned during nato summit . 
  * * `` a continuation of what 's been taking place for months now . '' * - once again petty obama bashing . 
  it clearly means that russian troops were there for a long time already and now they are coming in more force and with organised divisions . 
  hardly a dismissive statement unless you are really trying to hear it that way . 
  * * `` repeated that the ukraine problem has no military solution '' and `` that diplomatic solutions are largely dictated by the military balance on the ground '' * - i do agree to some extent . 
  putin is only goes as far as we as west let him . 
  and by our inaction we are letting him go very , very far . 
  he may be a moron , but he is not insane and would not risk direct war with the west since he simply ca n't win it . 
  * * `` russia was on the verge of defeat . 
  now ukraine is . 
  that 's why ukraine is welcoming a cease-fire that amounts to capitulation . 
  '' * - accurate depiction of an unfolding situation * * first up , estonia . 
  it seems to be obama 's new `` red line . '' i 'm sure they sleep well tonight in tallinn now that obama has promised to stand with them . 
  * - nato bases and reassurances are better than nothing , and obama 's word is n't considered worthless in eastern europe . 
  i do believe that it made estonians sleep better that night . 
  * * rapid reaction force and no chain of bases on the eastern border of nato * - i do n't think that chain on `` tripwire '' bases is a necessity at this point , but i would n't call it a bad idea either . 
  rapid reaction force is indeed a middleground , but i would n't call it worthless . 
  imo both ways are reasonable enough , with bases being a better option , since lack of automatism is a most important issue here . 
  i do , however , not believe that balitic states , romania or poland are under an imminent threat of invasion . 
  also , some temporary nato bases that article fails to mention are being setup . 
  * * in estonia , in poland , as today in ukraine , it will be seen for what it is -- a loud declaration of reluctance by an alliance led by a man who is the very embodiment of ambivalence . 
  * - eastern europe is indeed not happy about nato politics towards ukraine , but neither considers itself much more exposed than before , nor thinks that obama is a main problem . 
  oh my , oh my - i really do n't feel like explaining things to you today , but i guess i 'll try . 
   for example , krauthammer supported the idea , back in july , of sending tens of millions of dollars in arms [ 1 ] to the ukrainian rebels . 
   i 'm not sure if you would have supported that or not , but one thing is for sure , there would have been many , many more deaths , and the us would be much more ` front and center ' vis-a-vis russia than is the case today . 
  1st of all `` tens of millions of dollars of weapons '' is hardly worth mentioning . 
  ukraine itself spends 20 billion/year and that 's celarly far from being enough . 
  second - weapons for ukraine ( best case scenario - months ago ) would have been the best scenario for everyone but putin . 
  rebels might have been defeated before putin worked up a nerve to invade with organized divisions ending this conflict weeks ago . 
  in situation like this , however , it would n't matter anyway , because even billions worth of weapons are unlikely to help ukraine fight russian army without direct military help of the west . 
  and we as that west should have made up our fucking minds long ago and either help ukraine fight those rebels , or tell them to give up . 
  our lack of decision is responsible for far more deaths than any `` tens of millions '' worht of weapons could possibly be . 
   there would have been a much greater war than has been the case . 
  ( it 's actually been quite tame , considering the possibilities ) how would that be greater ? 
  it would either we done or more or less in the same place but possibly a bit sooner . 
   do you realise that this is what the article linked here is implying ? 
  article is implying many things . 
  some are right , some are silly . 
  about what points are you talking about ? 
   do you realise that agreeing with this article puts you square in the camp of the us neocons and the much abhorred boogeyman `` fox news '' ? 
  neocons and fox news are morons because things they are telling , writing and believing in are stupid . 
  not other way around . 
  assuming that completely everything neocon writes it utter bullshit and that exact opposite is right is even dumber than fox news . 
  and that 's something . 
  oh , i 've done quite a lot of research about ukraine . 
  why would i want to research track records of some us journalists when i can judge what they write based on its own merits ? 
  that sounds like a terrible idea . 
  it all dates back to russia fighting ottomans and therefore advocating independence of balkan nations . 
  do you really think that we automatically recognize the names of those authors ? 
  or that we know their political affiliations ? 
  most people just link stories by top newspapers . 
  as far as article goes it may be a little over the top but makes quite a lot of good points . 
  serbs were always ( or rather since they bought into whole panslavism thing ) fond of russia . 
  frankly , we are simply getting over our silly fascination with us we suffered from back in the 90s ( after fall of communism that is ) , we do n't like many of us policies in a similar fashion rest of europe does n't etc. 
  there is no excessive anti-americanism here that you can find , let 's say in italy , but there is also less and less of excessive pro-americanism . 
  people start to judge things for what they are , and us is n't a paragon of virtue as of late . 
  frankly , i imagine that it would be much higher if we were n't so tired hearing about you hating us or claiming that we hate you :p you can almost hear people rolling their eyes after every media piece about that . 
  you need to open more waffle joints in poland . 
  i 'm quite sure than 99.99 % of us have no idea . 
  i imagine it 's simply a sum of tourist destination , nice weather , no historical animosities ( sorry for samosierra tho ) , relaxed attitude and beautiful dark-haired women . 
  to some extent . 
  we had few wars over moldavia and then few invasions of podolia and finally siege of vienna ( on top of numerous raids of ottoman-supported crimean tatars ) , but among all the invaders of that time i 'd say that you guys are painted as least troublesome . 
  at the time , however , there was a myth of polish-lithuanian commonwealth being a bulwark against islam that wants to take over all of europe , and some of that ideology still persists in literature from that time period that is being read in schools today . 
  on the other hand ottomans are also being remembered for being against partitions of poland . 
  while right-wing lunatics are undeniably existent support for them seems to be very limited . 
  for example both far-right candidates in presidential elections got less votes combined than jewish candidate . 
  hardly a 3rd reich  in times like that ugly elements tend to rise their heads and end up all over the media , but according to almost everyone here in poland ( but our far-right ) they are n't a real issue and are expected to fade away once dust settles . 
  [ that was fast ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fkd6l/denmark_to_send_300_troops_to_baltics_poland/ ) you are worse than russia !, 
  czechs , that we know most about , out of all those countries that scored high , are the most atheist country in europe with only 14 % believing that there is a god ( 2010 eurostat ) . 
  does that mean that we ca n't bitch about every $ they spent anymore ? 
  that 's at least one less thread a week !, 
  we could do a week long sticky per country so people have time to come up with questions and that one albanian has a chance to answer at least some of them . 
  standard thread will just be lost under putin news . 
  amen .
