  people have been wondering that for a while . 
  there are some not insignificant links between macierewicz ( current minister of defense ) and kremlin that got published lately and people from all sides of the political scene have been saying that he 's got ta be an agent for over 3 decades now ( including quite a few now in pis ) , but beyond that not so much . 
  i mean , it 's possible , but they might as well simply lost remainder of their marbles along the way . 
  hell if i know . 
  better than allowing to this government to run such amok without challenge . 
  they 've been pouring poison into polish-eu relations for a while now , akin to the british and their ever-blaming the brussels . 
  if they are allowed to continue doing so it may take root for good , but for now , i 'd argue , it would be very difficult for pis to fully come out against our existence within eu and prevail . 
  oh yeah , earlier this morning . 
  those german tanks are actually really great for that blitzkrieg thing . 
  who knew ? 
  it really looked like he lost it , actually . 
  that the mask he 's been putting on for all those years has slipped for a second and everyone got a glimpse of grief-fueled hatred that is driving him . 
  which would make a lot of sense actually . 
  on a human level it is very understandable for a grief-stricken twin brother to feel this way , and i do feel for him , i really do . 
  thing is , that if that 's the case we 're being ruled by an actual madman . 
  and that 's not a situation you want any country , yet alone your own to be . 
  like a reality looked at through a black mirror , one could say . 
  at least they ca n't blame eu for it , this time . 
  probably . 
  i looked into it a while back when that cunt henryk grocholski , leader of [ polish nobility association ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_nobility_association ) got [ whole swaths of land in warsaw `` back '' ] ( http://miastojestnasze.org/reprywatyzacja-w-michalowicach/ ) , as he is a proud direct descendant of one of those hanged traitors . 
  no , since it gets stupid once you lose the yyyy . 
  `` at the time '' ko\u015bciuszko was actually hanging bishops and magnates left , right and center , but that has indeed been an exception akin to french revolution . 
  jokes on them , most of them were stolen !, 
  same here , i have n't seen it before . 
  and i even frequent some cringeworthy polish meme sites in a painful effort to keep tabs on what local youth is up to . 
  that 's one of the silliest ideas floating around on the subject . 
  while in polish history wwi is mostly glossed over and generally seen as a good thing for uk and france its was an apocalyptic meatgrinder that killed a whole generation . 
  it would have been impossible for those countries to fight an aggressive war . 
  hell , as you can see they could n't even fight a defensive one till they alone were attacked . 
  not taking such factors into account when talking about those things does a disservice to the understanding of history by general population . 
  it may be the most despised and ridiculed modern building in the country , so you 'd fit right in . 
  what action would that be , exactly ? 
  both topics are more related than you think . 
  most of the jewish presence in poland actually dates back to black plague . 
  while in most of europe jews were accused of causing the plague and victims of countless pogroms polish king at the time , kazimierz the great invited them all to his kingdom , gave them protection and autonomy . 
  it , along with later confirmations and expansions of those rights resulted in the majority of jews of europe living in poland for next half a millennium . 
  really ? 
  i have two ikeas 15 minutes from my home and they 're already building the 3rd one , even closer . 
  i thought they are literally everywhere these days . 
  yes . 
  there is having good relations and there is a historical reconstruction of leonid brezhnev arrival ( as my grandmother called it upon hearing the details on tv ) . 
  hell even your comment mirrors pzpr party line from that time . 
  and , if our `` special relationship '' with the us hangs on a whim of a single person residing in oval office ( be it a genius or a dimwit ) then it is outright worthless to the point that we should give up on it right now and look for foreign policy alternatives . 
  i 'd argue that , at least in a short term , it 's not * that * bad . 
  are we now ? 
  what an insightful comment !, 
  those interested can actually read / r/europe ama threads about the party in question from few months back : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5mued7/ama_with_partia_razem_polish_leftwing_party/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ooln0/i_am_an_executive_board_member_of_partia_razem_a/, 
  less than 25 % holds a favorable view of trump , so it 's not * that * bad . 
  problem is that this minority is now in power . 
  that 's our right wing for you . 
  yeah , owning a gun has been looked down upon for a long time now . 
  even back in the 90s when we arguably still had organized crime owning a pistol and claiming that it 's for personal protection would make people consider you a mental case , or at least having penis-related problems . 
  it 's even more so now with no real crime to speak of . 
  back during 2007 election jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski who owned a hand gun was ridiculed to no end for it . 
  for a time being , i hope . 
  and man , i wish res has no # tags/day limit . 
  why would you say that i enjoy reading such things ? 
  my blood boils . 
  i 'd love for it to be false , but there has been enough similar incidents that i have serious doubts . 
  only glimmer of hope i see in it is that ever rising grotesque of such incidents will sober people up before our society gets damaged beyond repair . 
  and how else can i comment an argument that something is false since fakt written about it ? 
  if you bothered to check those german papers you 'd realize that they 've cited teachers and children involved as well as official police response . 
  word has been taken over by right-wing twats as of late to the point that people almost stopped to bother using quotation marks around it when describing far-right excesses with bits such as `` patriotic youth '' meaning straight out far-right hooligans . 
  for one made up you have 50 that turn out to be true . 
  it 's interesting how you decide to side with the former with those odds . 
  how about using all that energy you spent on plugging your ears with your fingers and loudly singing `` lalalallalalalala '' to help fight that ever so severe issue ? 
  in my few years of experience in left-wing activism i can say for sure that the default setting of a polish policeman when faced wtih a person that tries to report a hate crime or something with even a whiff of it is to try and wiggle out of it . 
  it may extend to anything even remotely politically-related , not just xenophobic incidents , but it sure as hell is closer to a norm , than an incident . 
  and all such actions completely lack legal standing since a policeman has literally no right to decide if an incident reported to them is a crime or not . 
  they have no right to refuse . 
  that 's up to a prosecutor . 
  look up minimal wage rises in germany and seattle for starters . 
  data is back on those 2 most recent ones and there is no increase in unemployment whatsoever . 
  but that i guess would be an argument if economics as used in the media etc. 
  was an evidence based science , not just a fruit of people making shit up as they go . 
  really ? 
  with all the shit our police has pulled in last few weeks * this * is the part you refuse to believe ? 
  look up what happened to certain austrian and french tourists lately . 
  not to mention stachowiak 's case and other like it . 
  right ... 
  it 's all surely made up . 
  german kids have literally nothing better to do than to come up with such stories . 
  and while wp wo n't be winning any pulitzers anytime soon , they 're reliable enough . 
  we do what we can , but with how the current government , unlike any before , not only refuses to fight rising number of xenophobic incidents but even uses state media to fan the flames of hatred and ignorance it 's pretty damn difficult . 
  my party [ documents and rises alarm in the media ] ( http://zero-tolerancji.pl/ ) about incidents of xenophobic attacks as well as administration on both state and local levels cooperating with the far-right , [ legally challenge lies spread in the media ] ( http://wyborcza.pl/7,75398,21967327,partia-razem-sklada-skarge-na-wiadomosci-pokazali-skecz-jako.html ) , as well as demonstrate our [ disagreement with the refugee policy ] ( http://www.rp.pl/uchodzcy/170619508-opzz-partia-razem-i-zieloni-apeluja-do-rzadu-o-przyjecie-uchodzcow.html#ap-1 ) . 
  i sure hope we still can nip this sewage spill in a bud , but that would honestly require the governing party to come to its senses . 
  they actually used to be in agreement with rest of the mainstream political parties about helping in such cases , including accepting 80.000 chechen refugees a decade back . 
  now they value holding on to power with use of far-right rhetoric more than human lives . 
  or anything , really . 
  i guess we 're once again takin yer jebz . 
  i 'm afraid you need to include '' / s '' , considering that what you 've wrote is only slightly more fucked up than what others actually meant . 
  i think you 're good 10-15 years behind in your views on the matter . 
  for some time now relocation of industries is on decline . 
  partially due to global wages rising sharply and partially due to better understanding of costs and issues related to outsourcing . 
  chinese worker now makes $ 500 a month , only slightly below what an eastern european one can expect . 
  rest of the asia quite quickly following suit . 
  as a reaction more and more companies are looking around , considering costs for relocation , transportation as well as political rumblings against global free trade and tax evasion on the horizon and staying put . 
  if people took things into their hands right here and now no amount of ukrainians would affect it . 
  worker shortages are real across almost all sectors from supermarkets to global financial and tech firms . 
  strike in biedronka markets ( or any others , really ) would force the company to accept demands within days .
