  then those specific turks should go fuck themselves with something big and sharp . 
  makes me sick to my stomach . 
  except that 's not even related to the armenian genocide . 
  it happened when russia and turkey were already at war . 
  soon after [ one of the most disastrous military campaigns ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sarikamish ) ever . 
  historians are pretty much united in interpretation that it was done as a part of an effort to blame armenians for it . 
   they rebelled , they were backed by russia , they deserved it , blabla . 
  as if that even happened . 
  killings started well before the wwi and the genocide proper was launched after the [ battle of sarikamish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sarikamish ) , arguably in order to shift the blame from incompetent leaders to armenians , since russian forces had in their ranks armenians from the part of the country controlled by russia . 
  rebellion and backing by russia was in response to the killings that were happening , not the other way around , was n't it ? 
  and that battle ? 
  that must be the closest a military operation ever came to being a genocide on one 's own people . 
   turks have lost a quarter of their own population during ongoing wars between 1911 to 1923 , it 's a huge trauma in turkish history still shaping the policy of country . 
  making a gesture to an enemy does n't sound about right . 
  is n't that an effect of attempted aggressive expansion and utter incompetence of the state leaders ? 
  well , i do hope you get swiftly unbanned , since the ban clearly makes no sense . 
  when that happens , can you please tell me what 's modern turks ' opinion about enver pasha ? 
  i meant to ask for quite a while , but kept forgetting . 
  oh , i had no idea he was a pole . 
  and i had him in mind , since his book that presented a definition of genocide : `` axis rule in occupied europe '' was published in 1944 . 
  i forgot that he presented it in speech earlier . 
  good catch !, 
  thing is that the word `` genocide '' had not existed at the time ( first used in 1944 ) . 
  that being said , international community and press at the time had no doubts what was happening there . 
  also here is the list of countries who officially recognized those mass killings as genocide : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide_recognition#countries, 
  you should watch [ this documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wkpkzp1xes ) . 
  it 's short ( 54 minutes ) and to the point . 
  explains reasons behind those killings , tells how they transpired and the turkish government 's and society 's reaction . 
  cites many interesting sources . 
  why it 's always us ? 
  we 've done that like last week or something !, 
  [ volleyball --  ski jumping --  handball ] ( http://marketing-news.pl/photos/upd/150203131813_arc_2_large.jpg ), 
  let me survey my fellow be\u0142chatowians and i 'll get back to you on that one !, 
  i usually like to wait for someone to confirm that such lecture or debate is worth watching . 
  it 's also [ 2nd safest oecd country ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) ( after japan ) . 
  so grab yo kids , grab yo wife and come visit !, 
  i knew those right wing eurosceptics will come around !, 
  actually there is a lot of things to ease visa regime being done . 
  if my ukrainian-studying-in-poland friend that has a first hand experience for 4 years now is to be trusted off course . 
  thankfully the pole 's card is being given very liberally , requiring little more than a claim that one of your ancestors was a pole or a polish citizen . 
  anyone in western ukraine can easily get.one if he or she wants . 
  source : i had a ukrainian student flat-mate for over a year . 
  and that 's a very reasonable goal . 
  greece simply ca n't pay all its debts and everyone knows that . 
  it should have been resolved months ago . 
  whole circus is n't helping anyone with anything , but short term internal popularity gains , while inflicting massive damage to eurozone and eu as a whole , on top of tormenting greeks . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  i ca n't recall any of my friends being in a fight here in warsaw , yet alone something like this . 
  honest mistake . 
  every time i get a kebab at the local joint i have to remind myself that osama is already dead and not to call the cops . 
  they were once . 
  some intern just forgot to update the database . 
   you should n't be envious , being a non-believer is no better than being one . 
  as long as they do n't try to force their beliefs down everyone 's throat . 
  you really do n't want you laws written my overenthusiastic members of one church or another . 
  or i guess by overenthusiastic atheist as well . 
  i 've been atheist/agnostic for well over 15 years now , since my early teens and i 'm yet to run into a personal inconvenience other than few members of my family mildly complaining . 
  i have , however , heard credible reports of abuse in areas of primary education and healthcare . 
  that being said i 'm not particularly happy about some of our laws being held hostage by catholic church and cowardly politicians and that sizable amounts of money is being wasted on things that church should pay for from their own coffers . 
  overall poland may seem very catholic based on the declarations that +90 % poles are catholic , but when you look into more detailed data , you realize that things are much more nuanced . 
  for example just over 30 % claims that it listens to the church , and even that number seems mostly declaratory . 
  only 6 % of poles is against contraception and only 10 % against ivf , despite church never shutting up about how evil it is . 
  that 's fucking nationalists for you . 
  national democrats that got control over peace negotiations did n't want a federalist solution presented by pilsudski , and hoped to split ukrainian and belorussian territories between poland and russia considering them `` non-historical nations '' that can be polonized/russified . 
  the sheer stupidity od that stance ca n't be overstated . 
  especially in light of events to come . 
  very unlikely . 
  russian elite was under a heavy influence of polish culture and hoped for similar privileges as polish and lithuania nobles . 
  poland was.much more economically developed too . 
  it 's very unlikely that balance of power would have shifted eastward . 
  only thing that could have possibly prevented peaceful integration of russia as a junior union partner could have been a sectarian conflict fueled by counterreformation . 
  when was that ? 
  can i get one too ? 
  with that nsa profile thing if possible . 
  bloody mobile reddit formatting drives me nuts . 
  bloody dutch and their rampant seaphobia !, 
  what did sea ever do to you , to warrant that industrial scale extermination program ? 
  that makes this panicky piece even more bizarre , albeit explains the use of `` britain and the eu '' . 
  only explanation i have is that author may be a brilliant economist he knows little to nothing about geopolitical . 
  but even their the bravado in which he throws around those enormous and dubious ideas does n't make him look very smart at all . 
  `` dumb ` rit '' , then ? 
  edit : and as far as oxford goes ? 
  i happen to know quite a few oxford graduates ( mostly young historians tho ) and am religiously watching oxford union debates , so believe me when i tell you - not every person with an oxford degree is a world class genius and an expert on everything . 
  and the article makes this particular one sure seems like an absolute bottom of a barrel . 
  it is a commonly used nickname of a part of warsaw mostly made of corporate offices . 
  assuming that it works on basic level , i wonder how big the piece of liquid would have to be to actually stop a bullet . 
  would it require big , continuous pockets of it ( like just 4 on your whole chest ) , or could you make 5mm thick , ~ 1cm round bits assembled in honeycomb pattern that would be able to cover areas standard body armor ca n't , or even be used as a full body ballistic armor ? 
  unlikely with a brand new technology , but i wonder if such a prospect would be possible once the material develops . 
  why would that destroy romanian economy ? 
  well , enlighten me then . 
  we would probably end up owning most of germany . 
  who has time for that ? 
  and as far as real sentences go i 've recently came across this guy : https://m.youtube.com/#/user/marbozir he seems to have a very standard accent . 
  i feel your pain . 
  having not one but two little clown parties in the government in 2005-6 was a hell of a ride . 
  i 'm no economist , but this article seems unusually competent and comprehensive . 
  very interesting read , despite not being a very cheerful one . 
  that 's not even a contest . 
  i would write about all his `` exploits '' , but am on mobile atm and it would take whole night . 
  the fact that we do n't have a national holiday devoted only to remembering his utter incompetence is an ultimate testament to our benevolent nature .
