  i 'm sure such demonstration of similar size could be put together in every eu country , if someone tried hard enough . 
  what are actual numbers of supporters and people against joining eu in serbia ? 
   giving rapists immunity in serbia what ? 
  damn , this is amazing !, 
  even better than `` putin on the ritz '', 
  if he wants an insight he should probably stick to things of [ more scientific variety ] ( http://www.oxfordreference.com/view/10.1093/acref/9780195046458.001.0001/acref-9780195046458 ) . 
   `` the reconstruction of nations : poland , ukraine , lithuania , belarus , 1569 -- 1999 '' timothy snyder     i 've read that one recently and it 's very good indeed . 
  well written too . 
  it 's a good read and a respectable book but keep in mind that over two century old books on ancient history are often about as good as biology ones . 
  it 's good source for history of ancient history tho . 
  i have n't read other of his series so i have no comparison , but this one seems decent enough . 
  main character is both unique enough and firmly settled within the era , but you can predict most of his choices well in advance , so that 's a bit of a problem . 
  on the other hand character 's story starts with him as a child so it 's understandable , that a young man is a bit predictable . 
  as for other characters ? 
  i can recall a few , but that 's about it - they are n't something that will stuck with you for years . 
  oddly enough episodic characters are ones that are most unique and memorable . 
  half of those are historical figures tho , so it 's to be expected . 
  as for secondary ones ? 
  i 've read fist book few months back and at this point i can barely recall most of them . 
  tl ; dr - it 's not bad , but it 's not something you 'll firmly remember few years down the line . 
  * the pale horseman * by bernard cornwell, 
  brilliant !, 
  according to the nyt article linked above there is some kind of liaison between military and those paramilitary groups . 
  and that they are not destined for any kind of fighting in case of military conflict . 
  that 's what professional army is for . 
   `` there is no question of them doing any fighting , '' general pacek said . 
  `` they are to offer assistance to the military . 
  but of course , they have to be prepared to defend . '' the main goal here is to get potential volunteers accustomed with basics of army service and possibly encourage them to enlist one they reach proper age . 
  edit : and about `` conspiratorial loonies '' part . 
  i do n't know how it looks today , but i participated a bit in that shooter association just over a decade ago ( one of the guys i played p&p rpgs with was a local chief of it ) and it was mostly just doing interesting stuff like shooting , some martial arts , running around the forest , playing football and whatnot . 
  i ca n't recall a single instance of anyone trying to add an ideology to it . 
  hell , most of the crowd was made of local antifa and punks . 
  whole this index is perception based , so i 'm surprised we are n't all dark red with all the baseless complaining that is going on around here , 
  `` insecure '' member states ( red ) : these countries are either already very dependent on russian gas supplies ( more than 80 percent of their total annual consumption ) or are expected to become more dependent on russian gas ( poland ) . 
  i do n't get it . 
  how are we `` expected to become more dependent '' when our domestic production and storage capacity keep sharply rising , while we are about to finish [ lng terminal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9awinouj%c5%9bcie_lng_terminal ) that will be able to cover up to 50 % of our annual gas demand . 
  either i do n't know shit about it , or author of this article does n't . 
  so i 'm basically telling a catalonian `` yeah , w/e you are all just spaniards anyway , right ? '', 
   their pressure wo n't change a damn thing in saudi arabia . 
  i just hope that british companies will fill in the gap and some of the jobs can come here . 
  `` progressive ' and `` free market oriented '' as always , aye ? 
  why stop there ? 
  i 'm sure pressuring is wo n't change them either - why not go and sell them british products and provide british expertise ( i hear they are very interested in your tasmanian know-how in regards to various minorities they face ) before other non-idiots seize this golden opportunity . 
  regardless of the details i believe that eu as a whole should n't allow sweden to be singled out with economic sanctions . 
  they are right on both accounts - israel as well as saudi arabia . 
  and i believe they should n't be ridiculed for being `` naive '' , but supported with the economic weight of all the union . 
  any sanctions imposed on one eu state should automatically affect all others . 
  be it saudi on sweden or russian on estonia . 
  this way no frivolous sanction like this would ever be imposed . 
  no one is saying that we should run around trying to install democracy and right all wrongs , but how about we grow just a fraction of a fucking spine ? 
  especially since it would n't cost as shit . 
  and those who consider swedish recognition of palestine `` rebellious '' should probably take a look at that : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/08/palestine_recognition_only.svg/1785px-palestine_recognition_only.svg.png, 
  is n't that a bavarian flag tho ? 
  and has swabia even existed since like middle ages ? 
  to be honest i 'm a bit fuzzy on all those german states and regional identities . 
  i got ta read up on that tomorrow . 
  well , any data presented in form of a documentary film has to be treated with a grain of salt , and i do n't think it was all that bad . 
  what i remember from it were different political decisions regarding sexual education . 
  but then again , i 'm not a bavarian being told that i 'm bad at sex so i guess i was n't paying much attention at that  let 's face it - you would n't call a film * `` outline of major differences between policies of east and west germany in regard to sexual education , marriage and procreation . 
  '' * who would want to watch that ? 
  there is actually an interesting documentary that covers that subject while talking about differences between sexual education in east and west germany : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl_r7ricds8 funny enough homosexuals and transsexuals did n't have it all that bad at times either . 
  for example 1st sex change surgery has been performed in poland in 1969 and is financed by the state ~ ~ ever since . ~ ~ all the way till 1999 . 
  that graphic is actually bs , since many of those tanks were bought by countries like greece and poland that are in eu , last time i checked . 
  that being said lower % in post-communist countries are believed to be linked to the longer history of women in workforce and overall higher % of women working and in management positions . 
  apparently in some western countries people are yet to get over `` mad men '' style of things . 
  links the other guy sent are good , but you got to remember that around here majority of the best , most experienced professionals are working for state-financed hospitals , especially university ones , rather than for private clinics . 
  so if one was thinking about more complicated , very risky procedures that he or she ca n't afford in their country it probably would be prudent to get someone around here to research the subject for them . 
  for example i just checked few of the best hospitals in the country and most of them does n't even have an english website . 
  we should have eu-wise modus operandi for this kind of sanctions that would force sanctioning entities to sanction all of eu or fuck off . 
  like a law that automatically applies all sanctions directed at one member state to all the others . 
  i 'm quite sure that at least 9 out of 10 times those sanctions would n't be implemented . 
  no worries . 
  kind of people that entertain an idea that a whole nation , no matter what nation , is made of thieves ca n't possibly be taken seriously or their opinion considered relevant . 
  everyone has their morons . 
  russian embassy in sweden said so . 
  you think that russian diplomats would just lie to the world ? 
  yeah , it 's all a swedish scheme with ukrainians blowing themselves up to just to make russia look bad !, 
  thank gods you 're here to uncover this whole charade !, 
  i really hope that it will become a thing . 
  / u/jpaolo should start making comics on some other subreddits with sweden as semi-transparent cube controlling all of the world politics . 
  increase in unfavorable opinions and the rising number of ikea stores seem to overlap . 
  why would we want that ? 
  saying that kaliningrad was polish is a simplification . 
  while duchy of prussia was a vassal state of poland-lithuania the latter was a multicultural state that had sizable populations of other cultures including german one . 
  they lived withing polish-lituanian borders for hundereds of years , but kept their culture and language . 
  and culturally people in koningsberg/kr \u00f3lewiec / kaliningrad should be , by the most part , called german subjects of a polish crown . 
  also almost all of those people have been ethnically cleansed after the arrival of soviet armies at the end of wwii . 
  calls for return of those lands to either poland , lithuania or germany should be treated as either a jest or an act of political stupidity . 
  all that without even counting a devastating effect prices of booze would have on invading armies ' morale . 
  stupidity of those claims is off the charts . 
  how fucking dumb is the part of society they are aimed at ? 
  unbelievable . 
  let 's just entertain for a second an idea that russia can invade and occupy poland . 
  can you even imagine a meat-grinder for occupying forces it would become ? 
  population 3 times bigger than afghanistan at the time and at least as hostile , terrain mostly made of urban and semiurban areas , easy access to modern anti-air and anti-tank weaponry . 
  it would make afghan war look like a picknick . 
  not much better in finland i 'd assume . 
  putin and his cronies may be pretty dumb , but they are n't * that * dumb . 
  you realize it has nothing to do with the mere $ 1m rent , but with russia unilaterally breaking a diplomatic agreement ? 
  not for money either , but in other to artificially cause international tension and present itself internally as being attacked from all sides .
