  what would be those groudbreaking differences between dublin and bratislava ? 
  labour 94 % lib-dem 81 % green 80 % sinn fein 73 % plain cymru 69 % scottish nationals 69 % conservatives 37 % ukip 27 % bnp 7 % democratic unionist 6 %, 
  strength of machine guns , artillery and bolt action rifles , but also an utter lack of understanding , doctrines , systems to deliver orders etc. 
  a perfect storm of incompetence and imbalance of armaments towards defence . 
  while trenches obviously have their uses in modern war , there clearly wo n't a trench warfare in any way resembling wwi . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i 've heard more than a few of our politicians criticizing that move earlier this week . 
  but i guess banning our ambassador would n't be as reportable . 
  it hurts a little . 
  he 'd probably like to be one , but definitely not there yet . 
  i mean , we love you and all , but you got ta leave orban at the door . 
  but having the same liquor laws in finland and estonia kinda defeats the purpose of estonia , does n't it ? 
  lol , * really ? 
  * nice try , vlad !, 
  italy . 
  if i 'll ever become too rich for my own good i 'll just move to an italian town , visit everything there is to visit , do it again just to be sure and move to the next one . 
  repeat till i 've seen all of italy . 
  just wanted to point out that there were no ice breaking nor drownings . 
  for the benefit of those who did n't bother to read the wiki article , 
  seems like a logical thing to do when something you know little about turns out to be important and possibly affect your life . 
  thankfully people seem to get over this silly libertarianism before they reach mid 20s . 
  it was about as big of a trend a decade ago , but now i know only few jkm supporters around my age . 
  they sure are a loud bunch tho . 
  you and me both . 
  you and me both ... 
  we do , do n't we ? 
  i do n't know what exactly is wrong with our education system , but especially young people ( mostly ones with right-wing leanings ) seem to be much more prone to believing in weird conspiracies , than they should . 
  it 's kinda scary . 
  that our not-right-wing politicians are both extremely corrupt and skilled at hiding it . 
  they are so good at it , that neither 2 years of right-wing government who 's main goal was to expose the corruption , nor hundreds of hours of illegal recordings of ruling party politicians was enough to uncover * the truth * . 
  that clearly proves how deep that corruption runs . 
  seriously ? 
  there were 3 millions jewish poles/polish jews in 1939 including 130.000 in polish army . 
  there are documented and recognized instances ( such as jedwabne ) where part of local population in some way assisted germans in killing the jews . 
  they are , however , just that . 
  instances . 
  even in a nationalistic fervour of early xx century overwhelming majority of ethnic poles considered their jewish compatriots their exact equals . 
  out of those 3.000.000 jewish polish citizens only about 300.000 survived a holocaust . 
  and those dead shared their fate with about 2.000.000 other polish civilians murdered in the same concentration camps , random street executions and public hangings . 
  you are either incredibly stupid and undereducated or are simply vile and malicious . 
  most likely both . 
  go choke on the shit that is coming out of your mouth . 
  there were a lot of tapes ( over 1000 hours of recordings of ruling party politicians ) , but the opposition newspaper that has them is yet to provide anything damning , beyond a singular unsuccessful bribery attempt by a low level politician that was already long gone at the time those tapes seen a light of day . 
  frankly that `` scandal '' if anything , made me consider voting for current ruling party . 
  my geology is pretty bad , but i checked the site of polish geological institute ( state agency ) before commenting , and according to them polish reserves of drinkable underground water are estimated at 5.000 km ^ 3 , compared to 33km ^ 3 being an amount of water that passes through all the lakes , rivers etc. 
  in poland during a year . 
   we also got an apartment in one of the new neighbourhoods and even tho the building is new and cool and pretty and in general the apartment feels larger , the streets turn into swamps in the spring/autumn , there 's no central heating ( which is somewhat ok considering electricity is not that expensive here ) but what 's worse is the materials used in general - you can literally hear the footsteps of your neighbours when it 's really quiet ( think 2am for example ) . 
  and if you want to get somewhere , your only options are a car or a long walk to the nearest bus stop . 
  damn , that 's actually quite funny - we had the same kind of issues in early 90s . 
  the materials that is . 
  never heard of apartment building without central heating tho . 
  but i guess you guys have a different climate . 
   here 's how it could look , tho : http://pravatami.bg/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/www.monitor.jpg http://econ.bg/pictures/196521_300_225.jpg yeah , that 's about how most of our post-communist residential areas look like . 
  there is an issue with housing cooperatives choosing ugly colours and stuff , but it 's getting better . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bryla.pl/bryla/56,85301,17545866,poznan__termomodernizacja_bloku_z_osiedla_boleslawa,,4.html ) is one such project from last year . 
  looks pretty amazing , if you ask me . 
  people get way too worked up over old , ugly communist buildings . 
  here in warsaw old communist districts with blocks of flats only a bit better than those are becoming the most desired addresses . 
  buildings themselves re ugly , but there are parks everywhere , schools , kindergartens , clinics , sport centres , libraries , small shops and whatnot are all few minutes away by foot . 
  all that turns out to be way better planned than many new residential areas that were created in 2000s . 
  and most of the old buildings are renovated by now , so they are actually pretty neat , save the old regime look . 
  those blocks of flats on the picture look like a potentially very nice places to live . 
  no , not at all . 
  not in europe at least . 
  i never heard about serious water problems in poland that this map implies , but if that was the case we can just drill few more holes or build a water treatment facility next to one of our rivers and we 're set . 
  nothing like oil . 
  also drinking water takes about 10 % of all watery needs . 
  industry and irrigation are the biggest users . 
  any opinions on that piece ? 
  news source calling itself `` a commentary by an american living in sweden '' does n't scream quality and the whole massage seems very alarmist . 
  on the other hand he seems to back his thoughts up with a lot of statistics . 
  is he cherry-picking just to back his idee fixe , and therefore grossly exaggerates , or is there some merit to it ? 
  this question is beyond silly . 
  if you take all the things that make up what we would call as 1st world country such as : * low crime rate * liberal democracy * stable political system * respecting human rights * respecting rights of minorities * social safety nets * market economy * very high literacy * very high life expectancy * very low infant mortality rate * high income * free media and then see how czech republic compares in those statistics with a dozen or so `` 1st world countries '' you can clearly see that it ends up somewhere in a middle or very close to the pack in all of those . 
  top of the group in some , bottom of the group in others but clearly at arm 's length either way . 
  i do understand all the thrive to be the very best at everything , but how about we all in eastern europe take a breath and acknowledge that we are waaaaaay better off than 90 % of the humanity . 
  fact that you can replace your iphone a bit less frequently than a typical german ( for now ) really is n't that big of a deal . 
  should n't you focus on graduating from elementary school 1st ? 
  the fine is automatically lifted if they vaccinate . 
  fun fact : at my university i had classes with two prominent members of [ grande loge nationale polonaise ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/grande_loge_nationale_polonaise ) . 
  great academics , both of them . 
  there are some very interesting interviews with one of them , a former grand master , but none of them in english . 
   soviets were raping and plundering whole villages in poland , noone would really call it `` liberation '' . 
  if you are talking about 1944-45 then that 's actually not the case for the most part . 
  there were , obviously instances of such things , but as far as poles go they were very rare , against direct orders and perpetrators risked execution . 
  main goal was to install a communist polish administration and appear as saviors . 
  that was not the case when it comes to germans in eastern prussia , general governorate , western poland and eastern parts of germany . 
  i 've actually worked on sources from that period for two semesters and there is no doubt that red army behavior towards polish and german civilians were dramatically different at the time . 
  and fate of german civilians , especially women , who did n't manage to escape before red army arrived was often horrible . 
  `` kmotr '' :d :d :d also - is the czech translation of `` breaking bad '' really `` gingerbread dad '' ? 
  it 's amazing how it has been a top comment for 7 hours and you are the 1st to notice , is n't it ? 
  it 's easy for you to say !, 
  [ you 've never been the bad guys !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/akfs3yzxn_e?t=6m5s ), 
  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz, 
  what did n't i read ? 
   wwii was reaction to the unfair outcome of wwi . 
  that 's the whole genesis of wwii you provide and it clearly puts it was out of reach of poor german oppressed hands . 
   germany had no aim of starting another world war . 
  they just wanted to expand eastwards exterminating 1st jews , then poles and get to russians and anyone else they can find that inhabits their lebensraum . 
  clearly way better than `` starting a wwii '' .
