  but in all seriousness this is too high level of abstraction for such discussion when i do n't know anything about danish labor laws and market , you know nothing about polish and we both know shit about french . 
  i 'm not saying that relaxing labor laws is always bad , in fact i can imagine situations in which it can have some merit , due to our aforementioned limitations we wo n't reach any useful conclusions anyway . 
  right , thanks . 
  gon na leave it as it is since people responded citing the 4 bit and it would make them instead of me look silly . 
  are you joking ? 
  is that for real ? 
  it 's a different fucking name for the same fucking thing . 
  how bloody difficult is that to understand ? 
  that 's what it means since that 's what people mean by saying the word . 
  if tomorrow people started calling it fuckwitism and it would gain enough traction it would become a word of the same meaning as neoliberalism today and naming preferences of particularly zealous neoliberals are of little consequence here . 
  one would imagine it is n't a fucking rocket science , but i guess the refusal to confront the reality or correct artificial preconceived notions by those circles should n't come as a surprise . 
  unemployment and growth are clearly not the only criteria he cares about . 
  quality of the work , social security , public services etc. 
  all play the part . 
  obviously . 
  have you even read the article ? 
  i mean , you including mexico as a state that `` is doing better '' than france gives a pretty glaring example of how useless cherrypicked statistics like that are . 
  as for others uk and us both had their own social and political upheaval for the very same reasons , so they 're hardly in a position to throw rocks . 
  i do n't know enough of australia or japan to discuss them in this context . 
  and spain is definitely in a liberal basketcase in its 6th year od austerity under the conservative-liberal government . 
  not to even mention gargantuan issues with tax evasion and corruption involving big business . 
  greece is more complicated than that and a bit of a poster child of how flawed ue is at the moment . 
  that basically leaves germany that indeed does way better than france those last few years , but for pretty obvious reasons other than different approach to austerity . 
  and if he delivers in case he wins i 'll be glad , but he looks more like a marketing project result and less like an actual politician . 
  i honestly would n't bet an eurocent that he 's means anything he says . 
  after 8-12 more years of being in a political spotlight perhaps ? 
  that used to be the view , but these days most of the historians researching the subject agree that germany lost the war within first 2-3 months of operation barbarossa by failing to break the red army while suffering utterly unsustainable losses . 
  dabate is mostly between that , and simply saying that the war was over the moment barbarossa started since , arguably , germany was simply in no position to win it in the first place . 
  definitely not in ' 41 . 
  their planning phase turned out to be a complete failure due to their racist delusions of grandeur coupled with completely ineffective intelligence service . 
  doing the worst ? 
  interesting . 
  i tried to think of countries that in fact do better and that would be germany and nordic countries . 
  rest seems to be in about the same kind of shit , often worse . 
  can you add any others ? 
  `` noeliberal is a meaningless word '' is one of the most absurd and , ironically , meaningless arguments out there . 
  how fucking hard it is to understand what neoliberalism is ? 
  here you go :  it is a popularized some 40 years ago macroeconomical theory that the more deregulated , tax-less and globalized the economy the better its going to do . 
  and that it is true for all types and sizes of economies as long as they remove enough of those regulations . 
  coupled with a belief ( or , more likely a story ) that all of society will reap the rewards . 
  clear enough ? 
  i assure you that this is what 90 % of literal adults think of when hearing word `` neoliberalism '' . 
  ergo , that 's its meaning . 
  now , since you joined us all in this knowledge , could you have some more plausible underlying issues of the problems we face than that blameless neoliberalism ? 
  i 'd love to hear a convincing alternative theory . 
  and i do mean it , despite the tone of the rest of this post . 
  not the bloody small companies fetish again ... 
  but , sure , let 's roll with it . 
  how do you envision this `` supporting entrepreneurship of smaller companies more '' ? 
  my idea would be to make sure that as many people as possible earn enough and have safety nets and public services in place so they can either get enough money to start a small business , invest in one created by a friend/family member or simply be a consumer than can afford things and thus create demand that allows such businesses thrive . 
  what 's yours ? 
  neoliberalism , obviously . 
  economists proved * that after short 50 years of dismantling labor laws , safety nets and , above all , market regulations along with throwing money and tax cuts at big business a golden age will dawn on us all . 
  there will be months , maybe even years of explosive growth and everyone will live happily ever after . 
  i mean , we are almost 40 years in , it would be madness to back out now !, 
  \\* - some economist wrote in an editorial in and actual economist . 
  yeah , i know . 
  in my party we have fairly often contacts with die linke , and whle we can agree on many topics the above-mentioned stance on defense coupled with outright neocolonial view on former soviet republics and their relations with russia are fucking infuriating . 
  that does n't seem like a fair criticism . 
  implementing big changes , a borderline attempt to revamp nation 's economical system ought to require an initial increase in spending . 
  there is no way around it , really unless corporate welfare and tax cuts for big business are so absurdly high and so easy to dismantle that you can just do it from the get go . 
  which sure is an unlikely scenario . 
  if you were to treat any increase in spending during growth as a fatal flaw you outright discard any options that are n't status quo or further neoliberal cuts . 
  and keep in mind that we are on the heels of years of anti-keynesian spending cuts without growth , if we are to stick to the topic . 
  i do prefer a bit tamer hamon 's and diem25 view , but this is n't half bad . 
  definitely better than another 4 years of doing the same neoliberal bs and hoping that this time it will surely , clearly work . 
  finally accepted its destiny as austria 's parking lot . 
  yeah , obviously . 
  one of the many problems with modern wars is that they take an awfully long time to `` play out '' . 
  wwii was 100 % decided by '41 and yet it needed another 4 years of carnage to end . 
  we may all be thought about it all ad nauseam , but i really think that a very small percentage of people truly `` appreciates '' utter horror of such wars . 
  that being said i think that german left is taking this a bit too far . 
  putting ones head in the sand and pretending that we 're over wars and there is no need to have armies is silly at best and criminally counterproductive at worst . 
  that tendency seems to be the foundation of most of our problems . 
  and the vast majority of them are yet to really transpire . 
  in recent years i 've noticed an emergence of crippling polarization in public debates . 
  many topics discussed in europe start to devolve into that binary horror known from us political life . 
  we ought to accept all refugees or they all shall drawn in the sea . 
  islam is n't an issue at all , or every muslim is a medieval-era relic . 
  eu is basically perfect as it is , or it should be destroyed as an euro-gulag . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  sure , not in every discussion such trends prevail , not even fully in those i mentioned but the terrifying lack of nuance , analytical thought and true discussion is becoming a norm at large . 
  simple , mostly false narratives utterly dominated some public debates , like during ritualistic crucifixion of greeks over their economical crisis in which they were just one of the faulty cogs . 
  and then there is another deamon that we 've coined a term for in polish - `` truthocentrism '' ( pol . 
  * prawdopo\u015brodkizm * ) derived from a ridiculous saying that `` the truth lies somewhere in the middle . '', 
  and absurd statement so often ( be it wittingly or unwittingly ) used to severely skew the perception of the issue at hand . 
  even more devastating these days with so much compliantly made up propaganda going around . 
  and with this we circle back around to the `` agenda '' , or what i 'd call for myself , my view . 
  an opinion . 
  i do think that truth is nowhere near the middle and that most of those issues ( not all ) do have common causes of devastating , criminally unchecked free market capitalism and a slew of far-right propaganda feeding of off its results . 
  sure , i may be wrong , but i 've pondered over and read about and discussed it for a very long time now , and i 'm yet to hear better explanations and solutions . 
  that would be if he was hoping for catastrophic losses and a defeat . 
  if you take a good look at history you ought to realize that far-right clowns are notoriously awful at war . 
   even though their policies are essentially the same when they are boiled right down ... that 's just nonsense . 
  while i 'd prefer hamon over him and find him a tad too enthusiastic , i definitely would n't say anything close to that . 
  and i mostly meant economically liberal politicians and establishment as a whole . 
  was wondering if they 'd embrace blatant xenophobia and well-dressed crypto-fascism if there was a theoretical threat to their wallets . 
  i 'd love it to be le pen vs melenchon if only to see who liberals would back . 
  pity it did n't stick . 
  oh man , cesare 's portrayal in the borgias is so good .
