  oh , so you are one of * those * . 
  whenever i read such thing i imagine the author as a human version of chihuahua . 
  30kg while soaking wet , continuously aggravating everyone and everything around him , while desperately gripping their big ass penis extension of a gun in constant terror of his surroundings . 
  while i agree that society should be , when possible , tailored to suit the needs of its weakest members , i do n't think we ought to have this specific brand of malicious weakness in mind . 
  well , it is a youtube comment section . 
  that 's the primary function of it . 
  it aggregates as many cunts as it can to keep the rest of the internet cleaner . 
  bottom line is that laxer gun control leads to easier access to firearms for criminals and other troublemakers . 
  that 's not the price i 'm willing to pay in order to have a handful of people enjoy this particular hobby . 
  switch to the slingshot , pick up scale modeling , or w/e . 
  and spreading the bullshit about their need to defend themselves in this mad max universe of ours does n't make them look particularly stable either . 
  and i rather not have every moron owning a gun to intentionally or accidentally shoot me with . 
  additionally i ca n't listen about those violent home invasions everyone is apparently so afraid about with a straight face when such things just do n't happen in poland . 
  if you 're so worried about your safety you 're better off building a bloody tornado shelter . 
  exactly !, 
  and what about rich owners of remote manors ? 
  how are they supposed to defend their vast estates ? 
  such prize will surely attract bigger bands of those marauding bandits what plague those farmers you 've been talking about . 
  it 's obvious that people should be allowed to own ivfs and attack helicopters as well if their finantial situation allows and their need for security requires it . 
  in case of greece we ca n't forget about owners of private islands . 
  banning them from owning warships or at least surface-to-air missiles and coastal batteries is just inhumane . 
  and that 's why shootings are as common in poland as in the us , right ? 
  fact that it is * much * more difficult to legally obtain a gun here ca n't possibly make it more difficult to obtain one illegally . 
  for that very reason every single lowlife here owns one and they regularly shoot each-other up . 
  if any part of uk should be kept out of the eu it 's the [ city of london ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_of_london ) at least until its toxic corpo-feudalism is purged and its institutions brought back under the rule of law . 
  thankfully hardly anyone lives there so actual londoners would be mostly unaffected . 
   `` animal rights '' militants have n't noticed him assaulting anyone . 
  is publishing a youtube video on some subject you care about `` militant '' now ? 
  how about commenting on reddit ? 
  can we consider you a `` stupidity '' militant , then ? 
  and that 's , ladies and gentlemen , how you get a `` cunt '' tag in res . 
  i mean , he could have just kept chugging along in russia , could n't he ? 
  it 's not improbable that out of hundreds russian politicians there are a few that are against the kleptocracy . 
  be it out of principle , actual care for their country , or simply because they are n't the ones doing the robbing . 
  go ahead and click on `` other discussions '' to check the comments under this picture on the favorite sub of the op . 
  i mean , it 's not a bloody rocket science . 
  what a pathetic attempt . 
  stupidity of mango mussolini fluffers really has no bounds . 
  basically `` people who know how to talk '' . 
  i mean , at least they have n't called you an austria 's parking lot . 
  that looks very nice !, 
  so i guess the only reasonable response for degenerate halfwits like that is to attack some other albanian people . 
  makes so much sense !, 
  some time in albanian prison would do them good . 
  are you pretending to not be able to read that article , or what ? 
  only 2,1 % of all the supplies sent to soviet union has been shipped in '41 and another 14 % of it in ' 42 . 
  by the time battle of stalingrad was over around 17 % of all the lend-lease has been * shipped * yet alone received and utilized by soviet union . 
  even if by some miracle bordering on teleportation half of those supplies actually reached their designated units by the end of '42 it would mean 10-20 additional divisions utilized in late stages of battle of stalingrad . 
  tops . 
  while us supplies clearly shortened the war and in turn saved perhaps tens if not hundreds of thousands of soldiers they had no significant effect on its actual outcome . 
  germany was losing the war long before us supplies were in any way utilized . 
  honestly artillery has been going obsolete very slowly those last few decades . 
  it 's not like infantry is getting any more resistant to it and borderline godlike advancements in means of coordination and observation actually improved its performance . 
  those cold-war era 155mm howitzers may shot half the amount of rounds per minute compared to the newest toys , but as long as they 've been decently maintained they are still a very solid and deadly equipment . 
  best way to defeat russians is to out-russian them . 
  good job lads !, 
  yeah , that makes chemical sense . 
  petrol for actual flammability , tar for stickiness and ethanol as a thinner to make the other two mix properly . 
  best thing about it is that if you run out of fuel or the truck breaks down , they work just fine as a reindeer-drawn artillery . 
  ethanol needs to be heated to between 17 \u00b0 c ( for 96 % water-ethanol solution ) and 26 \u00b0 c ( for 40 % water-ethanol solution ) to be flammable to begin with . 
  in winter conditions a thrown bottle of alcohol would simply douse itself , even if one managed to ignite the soaked rag . 
  on top of that alcohol does n't burn nearly as quickly or as hot as petrol nor is it at all sticky as solutions that include tar , so even in hot weather such a device would be mostly harmless . 
  there is a reason why millions of intoxicated people manage not to burn themselves alive while dealing with spirits . 
  for 200 divisions ? 
  in 41 alone ? 
  that seems * very * unlikely . 
  can i get a source for that ? 
  ~ ~ ca n't ~ ~ wo n't argue with that logic . 
  exactly like that , but using correct grammar . 
  i actually do n't know if and/or what were the differences in 1943-45 for example . 
  assuming that you are n't just making it up as you go , could you point me at the direction of some sources on the matter ? 
  while that was definitely handy and having 60 additional divisions is never a bad thing , it 's good to remember that soviet union raised almost 1000 divisions , so despite what some misguided americans sometimes say those supplies hardly tipped the balance of the war . 
  would n't matter either way . 
  modern historical consensus is that germans have basically lost the war against soviet union by the end of 1941 by suffering catastrophic and unsustainable losses in the first months of operation barbarossa . 
  or one could even say that they lost the moment they started it since in '41 they simply were never in a position to win it due to lack of resources , manpower and being outright incompetent when it comes to logistics . 
  no one , really . 
  think american wild west but with tatars and cossacks instead of native americans . 
  yes , of course . 
  i 'd say there is a blueprint for dealing with isis there somewhere . 
  sadly that would require all of the important factions such as turkey , syria , syrian rebels , iraq and kurds to come to some sort of agreement on how post-isis region should look like . 
  i 'm very skeptical about that improvement . 
  in my view a ( multi - ) party politics is an infinitely better system than an institution of a referendum . 
  wonna leave the eu ? 
  vote for a party that has that on its banners . 
  do n't like the only party that advocates that since your reasons for leaving have nothing to do with xenophobia ? 
  gather like-minded people and start a new party . 
  modern word is an extremely complex place and trying to deal with it using such simple tools like yes/no questions after few months of spewing bullshit guarantees that you 'll have a bad time . 
  but same goals can be achieved by voting for a party that proposed said broad goals . 
  building a party , gaining credibility and withstanding years on media and political opponents ' scrutiny is no easy task and rightfully so - it prevent knee-jerk decisions made in a fog of propaganda-fueled media frenzy . 
  it 's much easier to bamboozle the nation for a month or two than to do it for years . 
  normal political process allows for the less flashy things like scientific analysis and fact-checking to reach their designated audience . 
  sure , you need a multi-party system with at least semi-proportional elections for that to work properly , but that 's another topic . 
  it 's about a [ french intervention in mali ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_serval ) at the time against islamist rebels . 
  it was logistically supported by a number of other european countries . 
  french forces supported mali government and were in turn supported by a [ wide coalition of african countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african-led_international_support_mission_to_mali ) . 
  i guess we can measure how successful it was by a fact that hardly anyone remembers it anymore 3 years later . 
  oh it 's fairly well known , at least in poland due to a number of polish officers joining it including [ jaros\u0142aw d\u0105browski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jaros%c5%82aw_d%c4%85browski ) who died defending the barricades as a commander-in-chief of communard forces . 
  have you considered not dating at all ? 
  you know , for the sake of improving future genetic quality of * your race * as a whole ? 
  i mean , better safe than sorry .
