  i have n't heard that in years !, 
  there are few things in a music that i admire more than songs written in a way that allows them to become hits , thanks to people that fail to understand them . 
  parts about amsterdam were hilarious ( has it been cleansed with with heavenly fire yet ? 
  ) , but best bit was that about albanian guy . 
  poor fellow was just affordable healthcare away from going back home !, 
  priceless !, 
   he called me a savage eastern barbarian but was he right ? 
  do you have a ^ ( savage ) beard ? 
  tomorrow 's headlines : `` anti-semitism in ~ ~ france ~ ~ uk : dark days '', 
  i was talking about the conflict as a whole , not only gaza bit . 
  and yet they somehow survived that long !, 
  everyone who happened to try british cuisine can tell you that this is n't a small feat . 
  palestinians have actually quite little do do with jihad . 
  whole conflict is mostly about their right to not be driven out of their homes , treated like 2nd class humans and so on , rather than some divine right . 
  funny enough jewish settlers are the one using religion to justify their claim for that land . 
  i 'd argue that in this conflict israel is the side much closer to waging a holy war . 
  that 's actually quite tragic . 
  this conflict of ideas may very well kill their last two brain cells !, 
  1940 nazi germany ? 
  surely not . 
  differences become much more subtle . 
  it 's staggering how militaristic and nationalistic ( to avoid simpler terms ) israel and it 's government are . 
  i ca n't help but think that who like who but jews have to know all the dangers of state like that . 
  frankly i 'm devastated seeing how many arrived to the conclusion that `` only bad thing was that we were on the receiving end of it '' . 
  this is some hardcore 1850 colonial propaganda ... 
  and by councill he meant advice not a collegial political body . 
  literally `` advice '' , but use of `` rada '' for various parliaments is known and would n't confuse anyone . 
  and ours ( and lithuanian ) parliament , is called sejm . 
  as far as your question goes : * rado\u015b\u0107 , rado\u015bci * - joy , * rada , rady * - advice . 
  no common root . 
  positive bit in all of this is the number of people stopping to , i assume , try to help the guy . 
  clearly closer to europe than to india in that department . 
  it 's not something you can root out within few years . 
  damn , you 're dense . 
  you are really trying to make russians look better , are n't you ? 
  i guess it 's only matter of time till all those kremlinbots realise that bullshit they are spewing is counterproductive and start spreading your kind of stupidity . 
  much more effective . 
  common hungary ... really ? 
  it 's not an insult . 
  it took ukraine 's army almost a month to even start doing anything . 
  you ca n't seriously argue that it was competent . 
  it 's , sadly , a fact . 
   and what do you know , little pole ? 
  i 'm 1.95 m !, 
  not sure how my nationality matters either . 
  and you are from ... ? 
   then you should n't be participating in this thread . 
  do n't remember asking for your opinion . 
  do n't know about that , but evidence of densely populated areas taking heavy artillery fire are more than plentiful . 
  i could n't care less about technicalities - if those are indeed grads missiles , or something else . 
  main point is that civilian targets are being shelled and those are n't isolated incidents . 
  i 'm as pro-ukrainian in this conflict as they come but this shit has to stop . 
  this is a war crime , simple as that . 
  against their own citizens too , as if that was n't bad enough . 
  ukraine 's army sure proved incompetent , so i understand why they try avoid advanced urban warfare and win it via superior firepower , but this is not the way . 
  there should n't be an excuse for that , the same way there should n't be an excuse for russia 's action . 
  they got ta have few competent brigades they could use to take donetsk without levelling the bloody place . 
  or cut of the city off . 
  since rebels will simply run out of supplies without open corridor from russia . 
  whatever - everything is better than this . 
  people seem to forget that in the peace deal finland had to give up all the land soviet union demanded in the ultimatum that started the war . 
  it 's all very poetic , but hardly a victory . 
  i think i 'd consider taking a train . 
  this is a fucking disgrace . 
  it was n't even done by a nutjob right-wing kaczy\u0144ski government , but by ex-comunist `` social-democracrats '' . 
  this is why i had to vote for damn centrist-conservatists for last 10 years . 
  morons like miller are still prominent figures on the left . 
  we should pay reparations for those who were held there and trial those responsible for greenlighting it . 
  it was obvious that allegations were true for years now and yet nothing has been done . 
  this is a fucking disgrace . 
  it was n't even done by a nutjob right-wing kaczy\u0144ski government , but by ex-comunist `` social-democracrats '' . 
  this is why i had to vote for damn centrist-conservatists for last 10 years . 
  morons like miller are still prominent figures on the left . 
  we should pay reparations for those who were held there and trial those responsible for greenlighting it . 
  it was obvious that allegations were true for years now and yet nothing has been done . 
   you do n't know much about the world if you think that israel is one of it 's worse countries . 
  top ( or rather bottom ) 5 , easily . 
  with two master 's degrees in history i usually consider myself quite aware of the what happens around the world . 
   you could literally excuse any kind of prejudice like this . 
  also , jews in other countries have nothing to do with israel . 
  obviously . 
  some are even against existence of israel itself , while others despise its government 's actions . 
  and you feel like telling me those simple things , why ? 
  this kind of prejudice happens when a country starts murdering people . 
  when their kinsmen and loved ones are getting killed people rarely limit themselves lexically and make sure that they are n't accidentally offending ones not involved . 
  it is quite obvious that they do n't mean ones that support their cause . 
  do you expect angry protesters to speak as if they were writing eu directive ? 
  yeah , yeah - good old `` if you criticise israel you are antisemite '' bullshit . 
  israel is , against all reason , one of the most jingoistic countries on the planet at the moment , rocking full scale apartheid against palestinians for years and now stepping it up to the point just shy of ethnic cleansing . 
  it is disgusting , inhuman and should be protested against . 
  excuse me if i do n't feel shocked by some anti-jewish slogans when hundreds of people are being murdered by nationalistic jewish government . 
  russia is n't a real threat to poland . 
  even with all the chamberlains , moneybags and [ useful idiots ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) in the world any attack on poland would be suicidal and stupid beyond belief . 
  even by putin 's standards . 
  and i do care about ukrainians as about every other nation being murdered in name of puny ego stroking and moronic nationalistic ideas . 
  more , actually , since i know a bunch of ukrainians making it personal , and also as a pole i have quite a lot of common history with them . 
  i also , simply , believe than letting those things happen wo n't be beneficial to me or anyone else on the planet in the long run . 
  especially when effective action hardly requires `` polish/european blood '' as you called it . 
  there are plenty other options between stern letters and full armed invasion , last time i checked . 
  pro tip : next time pass on whole ethnic cleansing thing and you will be ok .
