  and then they have the audacity to call themselves `` patriots '' . 
  it would have been a great joke if it was n't so tragic . 
   not really constitution says it and bill says that they need to be appointed by president . 
  nope . 
  this is n't even in constitution , it 's in the ustawa of trybunale konstytucyjnym . 
  and they are n't appointed but sworn in by president . 
  they used to be sworn in my a marshal of parliament , but it was changed few years ago . 
  you realize it 's his 3rd attempt at the job , right ? 
  1st time he tried to use army to arrest walesa and prevent sejm from voting olszewski government out of office . 
  2nd he destroyed out military intelligence . 
  you really think that he deserves another go ? 
  third time a charm ? 
   yyy ? 
  did pis change the constitution ? 
  no , they 're just ignoring it . 
  which is definitely a crime and possibly a treason . 
  how many seats in parliament did they win again ? 
  was it 2/3 ? 
  oh , i could have sworn they could rewrite constitution , but i guess not - voters decided against it . 
  they have exactly the same mandate to change constitution as korwin . 
  decided what ? 
  last time i check pis does n't have 2/3 of the votes and ca n't change constitution . 
  and seriously , what kind of argument is that ? 
  `` macierewicz thought he was doing a right thing '' ? 
  he sure is a tragic figure , an outright opposition hero who lost his mind due to the torture inflicted upon him by secret police , but it does n't mean that he should be allowed to have any effect on country 's politics . 
  give the guy a generous pension and send him home , i wo n't say a bad word , but putting him in charge of military or secret services ? 
  outright stupidity . 
  i did . 
  hell , my party ( razem ) has been protesting po 's dumb actions for all of our existence . 
  government does stupid shit , people protest , government huffs and puffs , people protest more , government either backs down or eventually collapses . 
  it may be few months of traditional pis bullshit , but i kinds doubt that anything serious will come out of it . 
  especially since unlike last time they were in power , officials of all kinds seem to be actively against them . 
  also , pis 's : iron electorate '' that will support close to everything they do is n't much bigger than 5 % of eligible voters . 
  they ca n't possibly bend country to their will based on that . 
  macierewicz can go fuck himself with a chainsaw . 
  it 's for the voters to decide . 
   even some professors of law are defending current gov. 
  literally every worthwhile university law department in the country damned pis actions . 
  few nutjob professors does n't place truth `` somewhere in the middle '' . 
  i am not specialising in constitutional law but as far as i know rulings of our tribunal work ex nunc - for the future . 
  what that means is that a law ( ustawa ) is assumed to be constitutional if it is signed by president till constitutional tribunal rules otherwise . 
  then , if a law is deemed unconstitutional it ceases to apply ( as a whole , or parts of it ) unless ct delays that ( they can do it for up to 18 months giving a legislator chance to change it ) . 
  that has nothing to do with this situation . 
  lso , judges of constitutional court are n't bound by the laws ( ustawy ) , only by constitution . 
  they can outright ignore them according to the ... constitution . 
  in a same way as judges of s\u0105d najwy\u017cszy i s\u0105dy apelacyjne are n't bound by decrees ( uchwa\u0142y ) only by constitution and laws ( ustawy ) . 
   the bigger problem is whether being sworn in front of president makes someone a judge or maybe they become one after being elected by the parliment ( sejm ) . 
  there is no question about that - law clearly states that someone becomes a judge when voted in . 
  it makes him/her independent from executive and legislative branches . 
  swearing ( or not ) only affects his/her ability to preside . 
   of course , i know there are pis reasonings for this procecutor , again i am not here to defend them , just putting things in the perspective . 
  sure , but you are yet to point those communists , postcommunits and spies pis is supposed to fight against . 
  i 'm dieing to know who they are . 
   maybe , there is a chance they went against constiution in appointing the judges for constitutional tribual . 
  it might be enough to prosecute them . 
  `` maybe '' ? 
  really ? 
  thay are outright ignoring constitution and verdicts of constitutional tribunal . 
  they did n't get enough support to have a constitutional majority so this is an outright ignoring the outcome of an election and usurpation of power . 
   i believe their intentions are honest tho . 
  this is the party which main goal is to fight `` postcommunists '' since poland was unable to perform a full decommunisation and yet their frontrunner in this sacred fight is a former communist regime prosecutor ... riiiight . 
  also , who are those supposed spies or communists you speak of ? 
  any guesses ? 
  it sure seems like `` whoever does n't support pis '' kind of group . 
   those marched you see are full of politicans of previous ruling party , it gives me impression that it might not be fully people 's movement . 
  and politicians are n't people ? 
  what `` that it might not be fully people 's movement '' even means ? 
  it 's a political matter , so it 's obvious that politicians will either take part in in or speak of it . 
  sure po and . nowoczesna want to gain a few points despite being the ones who brought this fuckup of pis government upon us in the first place , but so what ? 
  it does n't make pis 's actions any less criminal . 
  those protests are actually a good sign . 
  imagine no one cared that pis ignores the law . 
  maybe i want better things for my country than a bunch of clowns at helm ? 
  that too , but they are n't mutually exclusive , are they ? 
  and despite some overeagerness of government enemies to attribute pis worst intentions in first two weeks of their governance or so they have one tiny , but good excuse . 
  they were right . 
  pis has done everything they were being alarmist about and then some . 
  have you just non-jokingly cited wykop as a source ? 
  and seriously , even if they had all the fucking kgb there is stashed in that building it is still an outright moronic way of going about it . 
  i never cease to be amazed by pis 's incompetence . 
   now , if he 's wrong ... do n't be ridiculous !, 
  lack of evidence is the best evidence of russian espionage !, 
  also , that 's exactly what a russian spy would say ... coincidence ? 
  oh my bad - i guess the truth must lie somewhere in-between !, 
  that 's true . 
  their `` revolutionary fervor '' surprised almost everyone . 
  many people , including myself assumed that they have learned their lessons from the first time they were in power , but they decided to double down on shenanigans they were pulling back then . 
  or at least `` quadruple down '' rather . 
  every few days or so they seem to cross another , not yet crossed rubicon to the point that it becomes really dangerous . 
  i still think that if they continue in this manner they 'll shortly implode by forcing part of their mps to revolt , not wanting to stand behind their actions . 
  but they clearly are out of control , and if they continue to lawlessly cross another uncrossed lines they indeed may at some point decide that they simply ca n't give up the power due to the consequences they 'll face for their crimes . 
  since they 've already committed outright crimes . 
  and then they 'd try to do something really , really stupid rivaling past decisions of yanukovitch . 
  i do n't believe anything like that is going to happen , but i did n't believe in things that are happening right now , either . 
  a primising sign in all of this is a level in which lower level officals seem to contest the new government 's decisions . 
  from judiciary , through clerks all they way to local government officials there is a lot of active resistance against lawless orders coming from above . 
  i can hope that the same attitude will be shown by people in country 's coercive apparatus ( police , military ) if pis loses rest of their minds and push comes to shove . 
  last night during an opposition party meeting someone jokingly suggested , that we may want to start looking for left-leaning military commanders stationed close to warsaw . 
  it was definitely just a joke , but a quite telling one nonetheless . 
   what do they hope to accomplish by this diplomatic mess they are currently producing ?
