  as long as they catch on by 2020 we ought to consider it a success . 
   the opposition that fought bloody street fights with the nazis , mind you . 
  yes , i 'm aware of basic historical facts . 
  i though that mentioning them twice in 10 sentences is quite enough . 
  i really do promise pinky swear that i 'm fully aware about left-wing opposition to hitler , their 30 % support in '32 and '33 as well as a fact that spd as the only party ( with already absent communists ) voted against granting hitler extraordinary powers in ' 33 . 
  i 'm also aware of the street fights between sa and left-wing paramilitaries . 
   sources ? 
  alright , maybe that was too grand of a statement , but a fact is that actual armed or otherwise active resistance against nazi rule during war was very small compared to all the other conquered nations . 
  and that was the main point i was trying to make , that there is no comparison between support for nazis in countries such as belgium , netherlands , france , yugoslavia , or poland and germany itself . 
  and pleas do n't ask me to provide specific sources for that . 
   again . 
  conquest is defined as `` the subjugation and assumption of control of a place or people by military force . '', 
  - which the nazis did with paramilitarian units ( sa etc ) . 
  save for the ones i mentioned in 1st paragraph ( extensively enough this time , i hope ) as well as some christian elements the rest of the country by large did n't exactly needed to be forced to support nazis by sa bats . 
  nor provided any noticeable resistance once they sheepishly aided hitler 's final rise . 
  i stand by my statement that there are better words to describe this process than `` conquest '' . 
  oh , i do agree on both counts that existence of such sentiments is indeed a sad state of affairs and it is both commendable for majority of german politicians to pacify them and despicable for pis government to fan them . 
  and yes - young people embracing nationalism is something that worries me greatly as well . 
  i 'm actually quite involved in criticizing the current government for their pro-nationalist stance and flirts with far-right as a member of left-wing `` razem '' political party . 
  on top of day-to-day media presence which we use to rise those issues we operate a site http://zero-tolerancji.pl/ that monitors and alerts about instances of such pro-nationalist behavior on all levels of state administration . 
  i claim that word `` to conquer '' has a certain , very specific meaning especially when one is discussing topics such as wwii rather than writing bad press headlines . 
  use of this word in this context attributes equality between `` conquest '' of germany and actual later nazi conquests such as conquest of poland . 
  the nazi takeover in germany can be much better described by dozens other words and while actual opposition by socialists and communists needs to be remembered along with its bloody suppression , fact is that nazi rule as well as the war effort benefited from overwhelming popular support . 
  support comparable and often significantly bigger than the popular support enjoyed by other waring nations . 
  so while once again the dearly paid socialist opposition as well as other crimes of nazis against parts of german society have to be remembered it would be incorrect to call that rise to power `` a conquest '' . 
  even more so when we consider both the level of suffered repression and fact that for example in poland same conquerors did n't even manage to gather a handful of figureheads to form a collaboration government , yet alone millions upon millions of soldiers ready to kill , die and murder in their name across all of europe and beyond . 
  so no . 
  while no one is saying that 100 % of the germans supported hitler or whatnot a claim that germany was simply `` the first country conquered by nazis '' is about as far from being a fact as historical statements come . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of `` germany shocked by an animal-like display of violence between ~ ~ indo-european ~ ~ ( probably pakistani ) immigrants as homeless and long term unemployed dativ was brutally murdered by his reportedly employed , but known for elementary school level education genetiv . 
  in shocking statement german national security advisor mr. arsch schitzel tells fox news that this is yet another evidence that both german state and the eu exist only theoretically anymore . 
  he expects whole europe to devolve into chaos and tribal conflicts till the end of the week . 
  this is what taking in syrian child refugees leads to ! '', 
  it 's an awful habit . 
  i had an ukrainian flatmate for a year and later lived with my italian girlfriend for 10 months but hardly learned either language due to almost exclusively speaking english out of laziness . 
  stay tuned for fox news tomorrow special on this terrible event . 
  actually only the 1st one is correct . 
  commonwealth of both nations is a name xix historians came up with . 
  so is that a `` maybe '' ? 
  are you sure you are n't one of those romanian germans ? 
  you seem to be intrinsically opposed to the very idea of * fun * . 
  sounds * exactly * like something a resentful , de-latinized italian ( or should i say lombard barbarian ? ), 
  would say . 
   i 'm sorry , but i do n't buy that . 
  this is n't something that `` happens '' to you , it 's a sentiment that you 're in full control of . 
  that 's true both for both mathematical ( as in there were n't exactly 13yo german war criminals while there were 4yo victims ) and psychological reasons . 
  people are more likely to tell their children stories about what happened to their family members who did n't survive the war , rather than how they were murdering people , sending them to concentration camps etc. 
  therefore there is a 10-20 year gap between passing of the actual witnesses and there are way more people who heard the stories 1st hand from their family members on polish than on german side of things . 
  same reason why post-war expulsion of german civilians much fresher in the memory . 
   do you think it 's easy to just accept that eastern prussia was essentially annexed ? 
  as i already mentioned in yet another comment poland had nothing to do with the fate of eastern prussia . 
  it was gone the moment germany lost the war being the actual excuse for it . 
  there literally was n't a possible post-war result that kept german enclaves on the map . 
  as for rest of the territories east of the oder it 's not like poland and poles were happy about trading our eastern lands for them and having millions of people forcibly relocated there by the soviets . 
  you 'd be hard-pressed to find a person claiming that it was a worthy exchange . 
  i mean , i get the sentiment and where it comes from but find it about as misguided as the sentiment of those halfwits in poland who are masturbating vigorously thinking about lw\u00f3w and wilno . 
   it 's reasonable to expect you to do the same and be a little less `` touchy '' on your history in the interest of a better conversation moving forward . 
  sure , and that was kinda my point as well , but as i tried to showcase in those personal examples it 's not exactly a thing some , especially older people , can get over easily . 
  which was removed ? 
  ablativus or vocativus ? 
  could you make a list of what their purposes are ? 
  i assume they still `` answer questions '' , right ? 
  it 's weird how almost all romance languages completely gave up on 6 ( 7 with locativus ) cases latin used . 
  seems like only romanians resisted the urge to primitivize their language , clearly guilt-tripped by slavic neighbors . 
  i tried to explain this phenomena [ answering ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wbi0v/son_of_german_nazi_governor_returns_art_stolen/de9rd3b/ ) a similar comment above , if you 're interested . 
  what 's the point of the comment then ? 
  an offhand trolling attempt ? 
  it 's not like poland wanted to trade our eastern territories for german ones in the first place and had millions of people forcibly resettled west by the soviets . 
  and as far as east prussia goes it arguably had to go either way after germany lost being an actual excuse for war in the first place . 
  i mean , i ca n't imagine a post-war outcome that would possibly left that territory under german control , no matter how anachronistic it seems these days with eu , open borders and all . 
  i do agree that blaming today 's germans for sins of their ancestors is wrong ( bordering on counterproductive ) and that germany indeed done a good job acknowledging and taking responsibility for its crimes to the point that , despite the shortcomings , it is rightfully considered an example to follow in that regard . 
  problem is that history of the war and the atrocities lives longer in memories of those who were subjected to them and their descendants than in the minds of perpetrators and their children . 
  therefore this is still a very fresh wound for many older people who lost their loved ones and themselves been victims of german atrocities . 
  same , to lesser extent , goes for their children who had the stories told by survivors . 
  it will take time for this topic to seize to be a powder keg . 
  and i do understand the frustration of especially younger germans who ( rightfully ) feel victimized by being to some extent treated as guilty by association , but with trauma of such proportions you ca n't expect all the reactions to be logical . 
  let me give a personal example . 
  my now 81yo grandma was 4yo when she was for the first time forced by occupational authorities to come to the town square with the rest of the town under the threat of arrest or even death to watch hangings of local jews and people caught helping them . 
  her mother tried hiding her when people were rounded up for those `` events '' but it was n't always possible and by the age of 7 she witnessed dozens of such scenes . 
  she does n't hate today 's germans on intellectual level , but even hearing german spoken on tv triggers borderline panic attacks in her . 
  and it 's not like her own experience was among most traumatic . 
  i have an aunt who survived [ \u0142apanka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roundup_ ( history \\ ) ) summary execution on the streets of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a by pretending to be dead while laying under the bodies of her brother and mother who hid her behind her when being murdered in as a part of terror campaign to punish the city for acts of sabotage in one of the factories . 
  myself being half a century younger i rarely think of those things , but my blood still boils when i stumble upon some young german halfwit writing [ comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/5vgxhv/the_fallen_of_world_war_ii_2016_a_very/de2bq7x/ ) like `` the first country the nazis conquered was germany '' . 
  to sum things up - overwhelming majority of the poles appreciates german efforts to atone for the past , deems then satisfactory and wants to move on with bilateral relations rather than dwell in the past , but it is still a very touchy subjects and offhand comments or actions who may seem benign in your eyes or even in the eyes of impartial observer may flare up emotions and sometimes lead to overblown and unfair reactions from our side . 
  since it is still a relatively fresh wound . 
   his priority though is not social issues but modernizing french economy . 
  that 's my biggest fear . 
  `` modernizing the economy '' is usually a keyword for deregulation , dismantling safety nets and the rest of neoliberal `` solution '' for everything from chickenpox to global warming . 
  so basically everything that has been pushing people into the arms of far-right for last decade or two . 
  seen it in poland , seen it in the uk , seen it in the us etc. 
  sure , but calling far-right movements similar to fn `` patriotic '' is a bit of a stretch . 
  they seem to be less interested in well-being of all their compatriots and more in ethnic and `` racial '' phantasmagorias . 
  sure , and if we decide to ignore his awful human rights record his presidency may seem not all that bad , but typical centrist `` spinning in circles while doing nothing '' about internal problems for 8 years ( half arsed healthcare reform is more or less nothing ) is one of the reasons trump won . 
  if macron ends up being similarly devoid of will and ideas to fix social issues the polls before next election will be looking the other way around . 
  sure , he 's infinitely better than le pen , but centrist and their inherent ineptitude seems to be a harbinger of far-right governments these days . 
  right . 
  good luck supporting a family for 2000z\u0142 in any academic city , not to even mention warsaw . 
  at the moment you may or may not better income sometime in your late 30s , early 40s . 
  i have a novel idea tho !, 
  how about paying people a fucking living wage and employing them without breaking the law and cheating on taxes ( health insurance pension fund ) by using trash contracts ? 
  also your idea of `` suspending passports '' is obviously impossible to implement , even if we were to pretend for a second that it makes any sense .
