  performed on 1st day of the spring symbolises changing of the seasons . 
  performed every year by kids in preschools and elementary schools . 
  hehe why has n't that worked on any of my gfs ? 
  well , 20 % out of mostly young adult people is n't the same as 17 % out of all the people above age 13 . 
  it may or may not have something to do with whole 100 years after 1914 thing . 
  as far as i understand it its nominativus adjectivi , not genetivus nominis singularis , since singularis would not have much sense here and pluralis would have to be gallicorum . 
  edit : to simplify it : it 's `` gaulish fear '' not `` fear of gauls '' . 
  i just checked it to be sure and this is how it exists in sources . 
  do n't know about mloda bosnia , but ah using assassination as an excuse and casus belli is well known fact . 
  and , thankfully , this approach starts to prevail in rest of europe as well . 
  to be honest de bello galica and rest of roman literature for that matter heavily disrepresents celts portraying them almost as hordes of barbarians . 
  in fact celts in todays france and northern italy were highly sophisticated societies with superb knowledge of metallurgy , robust cities and rich culture long before first romans raped sabines . 
  over 300 years of roman history is under sign of * metus gallicus * , fear of the gauls.it dated to battle of the allia and sack of rome that happened after . 
  some historians make a strong case that this very defeat ( and fear it created ) is main reason why rome ended up being so much different than all other mediterrean city-states and kickstarted their rise to power by leading to the 1st split of conquered land that not only defused deadly internal conflict but was responsible for immense amount of manpower rome had compared to everyone around it . 
  so i guess , i 'd argue that celts and probably belgae are misrepresented in most of history books all over the world , 
  it sure seems like there is some merit to it . 
  wars were won and lost over much , much smaller events . 
  i guess i was n't very clear in my post . 
  `` one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist '' is a saying . 
  you are preaching to the choir . 
  i do agree with what you 've just written . 
  war was coming anyway since all the great powers wanted it . 
  blaming princip and serbs is like blaming a flame on a fuze . 
  russians were forced to act upon next crisis due to their humiliation in 1909 . 
  austria was too confident in strength of their alliance with germany and underestimated effort russia put into rebuilding their military power after war with japan . 
  germans were too eager to deal france decisive blow and managed to bring england into the war in a process . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  it was pan-continental madness that was building up for almost a century . 
  serbia and princip were hardly decisive factor . 
   that is outrageous . 
  he was a vile murderer , a criminal . 
  he even murdered a woman . 
  walk around your capital ( or any other for that matter ) . 
  probably half of the statues are in honor of mass murderers . 
  one man 's freedom fighter is another 's man terrorist . 
   fairly important to me . 
  it is what cost us our emperor in the end and what shrunk our great austria to the size it is today . 
  war was coming either way and it was no princip who issued ultimatums of 1909 and 1914 that were instrumental in sparking the war . 
  `` great austria '' was on it 's way out either way . 
  only to perform one of his own . 
  greeks and romans were defeting mounted armies on foot long before it was cool . 
  i have masters degree in history and can confirm that i never heard about this battle :d, 
  i like that idea about keeping military history to bare minimum . 
  it is hardly required in order to understand the world and serving it to impressionable young people serves only the creation of silly nationalism . 
  very nice idea indeed !, 
  what always bothered me was how litle emphasis is being put on stupidity of this whole moskow affair . 
  napoleon could have simply restore polish lands that were under russian control to duchy of warsaw and then he could raid moskow like every other month starting following year . 
  we like to pretend that jozef pilsudzki was no dictator . 
  sure he was probably better than any other authoritarian ruler around that time , but dictator nonetheless . 
  and second are deportations of germans after ww2 . 
  sure it was all done by soviets and to some extent by their puppet government of poland , but you wo n't find any information about concentration camps and forced labour organized for civilians even in regions that were german for hundreds of years . 
  not sure why anyone would want him in 1st place . 
  his bloody actions in ukraine did nobody any good . 
  and that characteristic does n't apply to eu how ? 
  can we please stop calling it use ? 
  that 's oversimplified and frankly quite offensive but has some merit to it nonetheless . 
  most of emigrants are indeed working class , but i would n't go as far as insult them for not being phd material and accuse them of being thiefs for no reason . 
  sizeable part of emigrants are well educated people who had only chance for work under their qualifications in poland so chose the same but for better pay in england . 
  what presumption ? 
  first not true scotman and now worst strawman i 've seen in weeks . 
  how about you use that time saved by not reading this regulation and go educate yourself about logical felacies ? 
  since this discussion is clearly going nowhere . 
  eot as far as i 'm concerned . 
  that hardly changes a thing . 
  complainjng a lot about the things you ca n't be bothered to educate yourselves about seems to be a running theme . 
  would you disagree that having a long discussion about something you could read in few minutes and yet refusing to do so is absurd ? 
  whole regulation is a 3 minute read . 
  and yet you 've spent over an hour discussing it while not being bothered to get to know 1st thing about it . 
  if i were to explan someone what 's uk 's problem with eu i 'd point at you . 
  perfect example . 
  if we only had one european gas market ... russia would havw to chose between seling to all or not selling at all . 
  and since their whole economy is based on selling us gas they would have no other option , but to shut up at last . 
  wonder if that proposal ( being worked on in eu right now ) will also fall victim of silly anti-eu propaganda ... 
  i envy them . 
  everything in polish tv has a lector . 
  thats way worse than dubbing in most cases - all lines are read by same monotonous voice on top of slightly more quiet original soundtrack . 
  the very reason i have n't watched tv for years . 
  i do n't like dubbing either , but saw an italian-dubbed angelina jolie movie once and that was sexy as hell , so do n't know about this very instance . 
  405 sarcasm not found ? 
  there are 800.000 ukrainians working and studying in poland . 
  i personaly know few of them . 
  on top of having 7 years of historical university education under my belt . 
  we also tend to know more than first thing about ukraine while all those brilliant us analysts more likely were n't able to locate it on the map as of 2013 . 
  also our media have way more ukrainian sources and pay much more attention to the whole situation . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  whole idea about this conflict being some kind of us proxy war/cia operation is one of the dumbest thing you can find on internet nowadays . 
  foreign to whom ? 
  if you are claiming that some conspiracy theorists from us know better about situation on ukraine than people in poland then think again . 
  things like that do n't appear out of thin air or are made up on the fly by some evil eurocrats . 
  this is exactly the type of regulation that comes from one of member states that has cucumber growing business it wants to protect . 
  then they negotiate with other states about it and that 's what comes out of it . 
  good for everyone then . 
  that 's up to discussion . 
  cameron not providing any reasonable solutions for this imagined problem is a fact . 
  you know economy does n't work like that , right ? 
  and that this statement is simply dumb ? 
  actually both poland ( 1.2 ) and slovakia ( 1.4 ) have very low homicide rates and even lower violent crime rates . 
   immigration are n't the people who were supposed to come already in uk ? 
  i would n't expect much more from eu anymore , so unless you are going to deport those who already came i ca n't see how staying or leaving eu can affect it . 
   the cost of supporting the poorer nations you got access to 120m people worth of market when eu expanded so it 's kind of quid pro quo , is n't it ?
