  however , as you pointed out ukrainians are nowhere near germans in terms of dealing with their ugly past . 
  we choose to believe that those who respect bandera are rather in denial of his genocidal actions than actually consider murdering poles commendable . 
  thing is that ukrainians have a victim complex and it is simply very hard for them to recognise themselves as perpetrators . 
  it takes time . 
  we should know since it took us , poles , over a decade to come to terms with events in [ jedwabne ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jedwabne_pogrom ) once book about it was published . 
  we assume that sooner rather than later ukrainians will deal with it same way we and germans have and all those atrocities will be put to bed once and for all . 
   dunno why you care about ukraine so much well , historically we have very different view of geo - and regional politics than russia . 
  we were n't conquering nations around us in order to get stronger . 
  we cooperated , aspired to the * primus inter pares * position , federalised . 
  in a sense we are playing our own long game for ukraine in order to make it a reliable , prosperous ally in p-l commonwealth kind of way . 
  we are still not over the failures of our ukrainian policies back in early xvii century as well as [ intermarium ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermarium ) in early xx . 
  using porcupine . 
  go fuck yourself, 
  us was actually pro-sanctions because they simply do n't have big enough trade with russia to be worried about economical backlash . 
  i also could n't care less about revenge - it serves no purpose and is yet to do anyone any good . 
  only reason for sanction is to force putin to back the fuck off . 
  and knowing bunch of ukrainians as well as due to geopolitical reasons i do care about ukraine . 
   putin is playing the same game everyone is . 
  he 's equally culpable , sure , but this is nothing new . 
  of course , when russia does it , every russian is literally hitler , as many people seem to think here . 
  but when us does it , i ca n't call it out because that 's ` whataboutism ' . 
  no , this is realpolitik . 
  oh , i was n't born yesterday , i know how it works . 
  but realpolitik is about weighting gains and losses . 
  attitudes like that ( pointing finger at the other guy ) are the reason it is cheap thing to do . 
  if not for the public buying russian/american/israel / etc. 
  bullshit that it is ok to do what they do because others do the same , it would be harder to break-even . 
   eu is reluctant to create serious sanctions because they 're worried about their economy . 
  with the economy as fragile as it is , even the smallest sanctions can have a ripple effect . 
  yes , i know all that . 
  i just agree with eu leaders that say that sanctions should be severe and that possible drawbacks are worth it . 
   kinda like putin used this crisis to shift the blame away from anemic growth and distract the russian populace with a classic misdirection through foreign conflict . 
  learning from the bush playbook -- but who am i kidding , plato himself spoke of ` tyrants ( back then it was a neutral word ) who stir up foreign wars so that the demos ( people ) may be in need of a leader ' yes , that 's what i meant saying that he 's done it for internal gain . 
  making up a war in order to rally people to your cause is one of the oldest tricks . 
  in my opinion russian government is to blame either way . 
  they 've been pouring gasoline on that fire for months now and they are the only reason that rebellion is still going on . 
  or that it has started in the first place . 
  putin has been playing with fire ( and human lives ) for his little geopolitical and internal gains and that 's what happens . 
  eu appeasers also have this blood on their hands . 
  firm stance against russian aggression 6 months ago could have prevented the escalation . 
  i 'm more concerned about southern eu . 
  and plans for making an italian new eu foreign minister ? 
  i lived in italy for few months and am still following the news once in a while . 
  italy as a whole is barely aware of eastern europe 's existence . 
  my bad , should have googled it before posting . 
  i was 2 at the time so at least have an excuse for not remembering it . 
   again , read the explanation i made . 
  i meant who concept of giving untrained rebels weapons like this . 
  what 's next ? 
  give them few nukes and see how it goes ? 
  this is bullshit . 
  everyone knows that reptilians are from depths of the earth . 
  usually i 'm far from hawkish but this is a fucking disgrace . 
  this blood is on hands of those eu leaders who went out of their way to appease russia and allowed this conflict to linger for so long . 
  that 's what you get when you give hardly competent rebels sophisticated equipment like that . 
  one does n't have to be a bloody genius to figure out that things like this can happen . 
  usually i 'm far from hawkish but this is a fucking disgrace . 
  this blood is on hands of those eu leaders who went out of their way to appease russia and allowed this conflict to linger for so long . 
  with all the wars in middle east there has never been an event like this . 
  who could have predicted that both russian military and its pawns will prove that stupid ? 
  hopefully russia will back the fuck out to the bloody siberia before it becomes new rms lusitania . 
  as i said . 
  i happened to stumble upon it for the first time , hence my scepticism . 
  that 's one thing . 
  second is that local belgian newspaper linked above reporting on the same demonstration but not mentioning any hate speech . 
  and again unless other reports question it i will go with local newspaper since chance of american paper having actual competent correspondent there is slim to none and in times of conflict reports of sympathisers-bystanders are questionable at best . 
  i never heard about that site before and it 's not like i 'm going to read hundred of their articles to get a clue . 
  accusing me of antisemitism because i doubt the jewish source reporting on supposed antisemitic hate-speech that no other source reports ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
  i 'd doubt polish source located in us reportting on anti-polish demonstration in belgium every bit as much . 
  tho i assume that explaining simple things like that to nationalistic cunts like you serves no purpose . 
  is n't there a better source ? 
  there is an obvious difference between antisemitism and the contempt for actions of israeli government that radical zionist media like to ignore and go full rt. 
  could n't you guys get 6 more just to make it a bit fun ? 
  yes , obviously , i studied at uw and it 's not known for it 's devout students but still those numbers are crazy . 
  i 'm originally from 70k town in central poland and even there most people including older ones do n't really care . 
  and governments are made of and chosen by ... ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  moneys are known for `` predicting '' results of football matches . 
  if you never shut up about things you have no idea about you are bound to eventually get something right . 
  either this study is n't all that good or i have weird friends . 
  i sure know few devout catholics but at least 80 % of young people i know are either atheists , agnostics or do n't care . 
  i do n't follow football all that much but based on my facebook feed and people i happened to talk to about it , most people supported germany . 
  no idea about bars and public viewings . 
  why ? 
  what 's baffling about it ? 
  as far as unknown parties winning elections go i 'd say that centrist , technocratic ones are safest bet . 
  they may fail to fix some stuff but without idealogical zeal they are unlikely to fuck everything up . 
  i do believe there is a difference between people living now who have n't participated in genocides and ones who helped to perform them . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  last time i checked nations are not hive minds and it would be particularly stupid to blame modern germans who are doing their best to make amends and make sure things like that wo n't happen again , for sins of their ancestors . 
  even counter-productive . 
  tho i have no idea if slovenian nazis help deport people to death camps . 
  i assume they did . 
   endless bickering about who was worse , the communist resistance or the axis collaborators . 
  this is still important political discussion ? 
  wow , you guys sure do n't fuck around with that `` endless '' part . 
  in before people start supporting the bill because of that . 
  nothing in eu happens overnight so i 'm quite optimistic . 
  weird - almost everyone i know supported germany .
