  especially when you know that a forgery perpetrated few years later is an option . 
  to properly authenticate documents such as those they have to among other things : - confirm the dates on those documents and compare them with other information both on officers and a subject ( so if someone has n't made a series of reports in szczecin while spending 4 weeks in bieszczady ) - make sure that the style of documents is consistent with the years they were supposed to had been made - compare handwriting looking for both differences in handwriting of a single person as well as similarities between things supposedly written by different individuals . 
  - compare the language and style used by those people to the same end . 
  - look for mentions of events and make sure they are consistent with the dates on documents ( so if document dated 1972 is n't mentioning anything about an event from 1980 . 
  - compare those documents with other created in the same offices and by the same people . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  you know - all the stuff a fucking history student has to do when working on a source to get through a 2nd year of his bachelor 's degree . 
  none of which can be done in 5 hours . 
  either way this is the extent of information that we got so far [ english version ] ( https://ipn.gov.pl/en/news/2016/official-statement-on-the-inspection-of-the-first-batch-of-materials-secured-by-the-prosecutor-of-the-ipn-on-16-february-2016 ) . 
  it boils down to what appears to be a fairly complete set of over 300 cards of documents from years 1970-1976 including numerous signatures of someone claiming to be lech wa\u0142\u0119sa . 
  thing apparently looks `` authentic '' tho it 's hard to tell what extent of authenticity ipn has in mind considering that the statement was made no later than a few hours after they got it all . 
  saying that he was an agent at this point is an absurd stretch especially since ipn has not said anything to that extent . 
  previous documents like that were proven to be fakes , so i 'd wait with stating anything definitively . 
  especially since even if documents that 've been mentioned prove legit it 's by no means equal to being an agent . 
  i 've seen numerous such dossiers of people who under duress ( usually various threats against they family or themselves ) signed documents agreeing to become informants , but then provided either disinformation of noting of use whatsoever . 
  either way nothing can be said for certain till documents are released to the public and seen by more historians . 
  atm all we have is official ipn statement and while i know for a fact that there are some great historians there the institution as a whole is considered heavily politicized and has a history of accusing wa\u0142\u0119sa based on flimsy evidence . 
  once again - i 'm not at expert on the period nor i know enough of subject at hand to discuss this source , but what you say about quality of the sources in general is exactly what i was talking about that he makes grand claims based on flimsy evidence or insufficient amount of it . 
  dissonance i mentioned comes from singular sources described in a very reasonable way followed by conclusions that could n't have been drown from said material . 
  i might have been too polite saying that he 's a good historian . 
  should have probably said that he is n't an incompetent one . 
  i have a problem with gross . 
  having read several of his books and even discussing one of them ( `` fear '' ) over a whole semester while getting my history degree i must say that he is n't a bad historian . 
  data he uses is well researched and sources solid . 
  problem is that after meticulously presenting all that data he tends to jump to conclusions that often border on outlandish . 
  and i 'm saying that as an ancient history historian so someone used to approximations several magnitudes bigger than someone working on xx century . 
  i 'd shy away from writing stuff similar to some of his within my field based on comparable data . 
  it 's hard to tell what his problem is . 
  if he 's just publicity-hungry or there is lower customary threshold of claims in us , but regardless i 'd suggest taking his grand claims with a grain of salt . 
  his work on sources is airtight tho , as far as i can tell . 
  edit : right . 
  the order grabbing thing . 
  outright retarded . 
  happy independence day lithuania !, 
  sadly i very much doubt if any criticism from abroad can hasten much anticipated pis demise . 
  there are very real issues behind their victory and they are not going to fade away on their own . 
  pis ' victory was built not on nationalist , but socialist foundations that kaczy\u0144ski at consortes taken from inept old left . 
  but even then most people have n't voted for them , but again previous government they 've been fed up with . 
  and while pis is doing their best to make their voters reconsider most of the opposition ( previously ruling po and their new clone : liberal . nowoczesna ) are also doing their best to alienate those who voted for pis . 
  in a year or two people will be pissed by pis circus ( and disillusioned by breaking of social promises ) enough to vote po or . nowoczesna and we 'll be back where we started . 
  sure it will be annoying as fuck and it will take a while to fix everything pis is going to mess up , but they are n't going to last forever . 
  at least not this time . 
  few more cycles of this authoritarian-neoliberal wheel of bullshit and we may find ourselves in real trouble . 
  that 's assuming that who seems to be a barely literate racist dick/twat cited here was telling the truth instead of making shit up . 
  and even if that 's the case that does n't exactly make an attempted mass assault with deadly weapons any better . 
  when such things as the supposed harassment of a teenage girl happen police presence should be vastly increased in the area and all instances of such behavior should be punished according to the law . 
  those assholes doing that will either learn or be deported . 
  problem solved . 
  or we can get a few more arsons , beatings and pogroms and see if that solves the issue . 
  it 's a tossup between those two , really ... 
  nonsense . 
  that 's someone in poland criticizing others . 
  hell , criticizing germany !, 
  it 's funny , insightful,thought-provoking , enlightening and avantgarde !, 
  how will those silly germans know the error of their ways if out glorious right-wing journalists wo n't show it to them ? 
  sure it 's a bit bold , but they 're known fr being a thickheaded lot ... 
  but germans criticizing ~ ~ polish politicia ... ~ ~ , ~ ~ polish governmen ... ~ ~ poland , all the poles who live , lived before us or will ever live ? 
  that 's just sick !, 
  when it comes to those specific politicians i would n't hold my breath ... 
  i mean i 've seen it for decades now , but the stupidity of it still boggles my mind . 
  ones planning an attack with deadly weapons against other people based on their ethnic and/or religious background in order to terrorize them and others like them . 
  even if that is true ( use of primitive racial slurs makes me more than doubtful ) , how exactly is that an excuse ? 
  last time i checked sweden had a police force responsible for reacting to incidents such as the one described and that 's where it should have been reported . 
  hell , they even seem like a pretty capable force if they managed to arrest those morons before they murdered someone . 
  charge those fuckers with terrorism and prosecute to the fullest extent of the law . 
  parts of polish society that find this kind of satire aggravating are probably beyond any help anyway . 
  i had no idea that critique of kaczy\u0144ski is laesae maiestatis already . 
  must have missed last night 's lawmaking . 
  government ? 
  that was ayatollah kaczy\u0144ski himself !, 
  ( who holds no official office whatsoever and yet keeps meeting world leaders in place of pm , which i find hilarious ) . 
  poland personified , clearly . 
  for a second i was afraid that they would ignore it as someone reasonable would have . 
  thankfully pis never disappoints . 
  in that regard . 
  referendum with fptp question ( and 2 others ) [ did happen on 6th of september last year but was promptly ignored by the voters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_referendum,_2015 ) that found it stupid . 
  due to a turnout of 7,8 % the planned referendum with the rest of those questions was scrapped since it would have just been a waste of time and money . 
  also in polish legal system referendums are n't binding no matter the turnout so it would have been an exercise in futility like no other . 
  i sounded fairly reasonable till you mentioned `` parenting licensing '' ... 
  i mean ... wtf ? 
  why go only half-way ? 
  forced sterilization is where it 's at !, 
  while we do n't shy away from alcohol it is considered in a very poor taste to drink yourself unconscious or into a state of blabbering/aggressive idiot . 
  those who `` ca n't drink '' ( drink more than they can handle ) are looked down upon pretty harshly . 
  finnish exchange students in warsaw have always been known for not being sober for at least the 1st month of their stay . 
  it was fucking ridiculous to the point of being somewhere between sad and disgusting . 
  people usually attribute it to extremely easy access and low prices compared to finland , but it 's not like those things are much different in sweden and norway and those guys , while also a bit off the charts were n't * nearly * as bad . 
  that brandenburg tho ... scum of the earth , i tell you !, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's generic banana-republic-dictator uniform . 
  it 's not fine . 
  it is also very prevalent in the us among 40 + white working class men and i 'm yet to see it generalized towards all whites . 
  when such things happen police presence should be vastly increased in the area and all instances of such behavior should be punished according to the law . 
  those assholes doing that will either learn or be deported . 
  problem solved . 
  or we can get a few more arsons , beatings and pogroms and see if that solves the issue . 
  it 's a tossup between those two , really ... 
  fuck you and your information . 
  it 's all about the narrative !, 
  yeah , that 's my theory until proven otherwise with solid data saying that those things are as common as some people claim . 
  i find this twit spot on : https://twitter.com/kumailn/status/566079996784291841,
