  i own a copy of this map . 
  a border between western sahara and morocco is there , it 's just a dotted line . 
  i do n't like it either . 
  i own this map . 
  have it on my bedroom wall . 
  it 's a uk map . 
  i bought it from whsmith . 
  it cost # 10 . 
  some people have already voted because they vote by post . 
  loads of people have already voted it 's bullshit . 
  i understand postal votes , they 're just not preferable . 
  which is why there would be lots of red tape that jeremy and co. want to avoid . 
  lol no, 
  which is why there should n't have been a referendum in the first place . 
  thanks, 
  fairly surprised . 
  still wo n't be happy . 
  crippled is a strong word . 
  whilst i do n't think greek style economic collapse is likely ( i do however think it is a possibility ) i and i 'm pretty sure most economists and related institutions would agree that coming off of brexit without some kind of negative economic effect would be fucking miraculous . 
  we wo n't be like switzerland , we do n't have the location or the prestige for that . 
  big dave says we wo n't join the union that norway and iceland have where they 're part of the single market and have to accept eu rules but they are n't proper members of the eu . 
  totally outside of and probably not friends with the eu . 
  is russia somebody you want to emulate in the current geo-political climate ? 
  russia are literally a living example of what happens when a superpower takes on the eu : it crumbles in to economic and global irrelevance . 
  do you want to risk that ? 
  and what would you risk that for ? 
  democracy . 
  independence . 
  the chance to limit immigration . 
  abstract ideas at best and plain bigotry at worst . 
  whether we stay or leave , this referendum was a horrible idea , it should never happen again , and we will be an even more divided country after it . 
  if what does n't happen ? 
  obama told everyone to remain . 
  cameron also wants us to remain . 
  post-brexit , i 'd worry about us jumping in bed with the russians before i 'd worry about a russo-german alliance . 
  the fact that before we joined the eu we were being out-economically performed by france , west germany and italy . 
  all countries that in the last 20/30 years had been totally destroyed by war . 
  that germany was only 2/3rds of what it is now . 
  plus no self-respecting country should have a worse economy than italy . 
  i always felt like free scotland only functioned within the idea of the big european project . 
  excuse my lack of belief in scotland but without the rest of the uk and also not being part of the eu ? 
  scexit post-brexit feels like a worst case scenario for everyone . 
  i have so much spite built up towards leavers i kinda hope we 're crippled economically . 
  and when we come crawling back ? 
  please veto us . 
  i feel like ( in defence of american imperialism ) , the united states and nato do n't invade countries to create more united states and nato . 
  afghanistan and iraq have n't been annexed and made part of the usa . 
  russia invades countries for classic empire reasons , to make russia that little bit bigger . 
  they have the ultimate solution . 
  to all the problems that we face . 
  it 's pointing rockets at the russians . 
  not so far as i know , but people keep talking about it . 
  i 'm pretty sure some commentator said that brexit would be `` a big gift to vladimir putin '' or something . 
  right , nato invaded countries that border it . 
  wait no , russia did . 
  i see how russia could be confused as to who the aggressive one in this relationship was . 
  russia 's funding of far right political parties across europe is nothing new . 
  it used to fund europe 's socialist and communist parties , but now the russian state is much more aligned to front national and such . 
  plus , in the same way the us funded the islamist insurgency in soviet-occupied afghanistan , russia is now funding political parties in europe who seek to destroy the eu . 
  things like the eu and nato are coincidentally what keep countries like the baltic states safe , and are where countries that russia threatens like ukraine and georgia go when russia scares them . 
  to have the eu destroyed from inside its own borders would be very pleasing to russia , so it funds far right eurosceptic political parties . 
  this is n't the only old soviet trick the russians now employ . 
  they keep trying to win over the unaligned kurds in syria and iraq because supporting independence movements and being the first to recognise newly freed states was what bought the ussr many allies in the middle east and africa in the first place . 
  merpeople, 
  you do n't know how long those boats have been there . 
  i 'm not convinced of that . 
  particularly in england i feel it would be hard to go back a few generations without finding somebody from like , ireland . 
  can a muslim ever really be british ? 
  because that 's what r/europe wants you to think . 
  we absolutely should . 
  tough on russians . 
  tough on the causes of russians . 
  i get the impression east anglia gets the same as the midlands . 
  nobody talks about us . 
  when they talk about large cities in decline , they talk about the fucking north . 
  it 's not very practical , but i would n't be opposed to it . 
  irl i 'm firmly in favour of things like scottish independence , and campaigns for devolution in major cities , yorkshire , and cornwall . 
  i think i 'm the only person eagerly awaiting the metro mayor elections . 
  if at some point the midlands can secede from england ? 
  why not ay . 
  8 million people . 
  get away from westminster , instead have more local rule . 
  at the end of my long comment i guess i really made it like , extreme federalism with an anglo-saxon twist . 
  think bigger . 
  so i generically divide in to these ` kingdoms ' , loosely based on the anglo-saxon heptarchy : - umbria/northumbria ( cumberland , westmorland , northumberland , and durham ) - lancashire ( historical lancashire ) - yorkshire ( historical yorkshire ) - mercia ( cheshire , shropshire , staffordshire , herefordshire , worcestershire , warwickshire , maybe some of northern gloucestershire , derbyshire , nottinghamshire , leicestershire , rutland , northamptonshire , and lincolnshire ) - east anglia ( norfolk , suffolk , essex , cambridgeshire , huntingdonshire , bedfordshire , hertfordshire , and buckinghamshire ) - free city of london ( greater london , maybe expanded to consume places in its commuter belt like slough , reading , and thurrock ) - kent-sussex/kensex ( kent , sussex , and surrey ) - wessex ( hampshire , berkshire , oxfordshire , south gloucestershire , wiltshire , dorset , and somerset ) - dumnonia ( cornwall and devon ) rather than independence , i 've recently warmed to the idea that england could be broken up like this and still be a holy roman empire-like state . 
  ; all the kingdoms have their kings , then the kings meet at a [ witenagemoot ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/witenagemot ) , where they would pronounce a high king of england . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/key6ybe.jpg ) i 'm actually the world 's leading campaigner for dissolving england in to smaller kingdoms . 
  i am from mercia and believe that it would run from the mersey to the humber in the north , and from the severn from the wash ( roughly ) in the south . 
  where would you draw east anglia 's borders ? 
  do you include essex ? 
  [ make northumbria great again ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/36/kingdom_of_northumbria_in_ad_802.jpg ), 
  what better way to prepare them for reintegration in to society than helping them shape it ? 
  plus , they live in a government facility !, 
  they are literally in the care of the government . 
  they should have say in it . 
  but germany was never not going to mobilise its army , especially after russia mobilised . 
  yeah , if anybody deserves war guilt , it 's austria-hungary, 
  rome was doomed to fail the moment it left rome itself !,
