damn haters . 
  okay , so we 're the alabama of europe . 
  that 's fine . 
  that 's not a reason to leave , that 's not how democracy works . 
  so we 're the alabama of europe . 
  we make decisions , everybody else thinks that 's a shitty decision , so it does n't go our way . 
  that seems fair . 
  i certainly would n't react to this with a temper tantrum and running away from home . 
  ukip do n't help us . 
  they 're the largest party of british meps and they abstain , deliberate oppose everything and are just general obstructionists all the time . 
  no wonder things do n't go our way , we vote cunts to represent us . 
  is n't russia that country people have to be told not to boo ? 
  young stalin or zayn malik ? 
  azerbaijani looks like fucking borat . 
  you 're already on fucking europe here is n't better . 
  gaddafi was many things , but he was not fucking secular . 
  you 're right . 
  he did get slated for the crazy super villain thing he said . 
  this is the kind of shit donald trump would say . 
  that 's , weird wtf why if you want the benefits of staying in then vote to stay in . 
  it 's less specific than that . 
  who used to be attacked in the streets for their beliefs ? 
  communists . 
  who are now ? 
  muslims . 
  who do we fight wars against now ? 
  muslims . 
  specifically islamists . 
  who did we used to fight wars to prevent spreading ? 
  communists . 
  when the anti-muslim message is the one society pushes , rebellion is taking the other side . 
  it 's standing by muslims , islam and respecting islamism not as a crazy radical thing like the news says but as the things it is - a very real political belief just as valid as socialism or liberalism . 
  but islamism is nice political rebellion too . 
  it 's new becoming a communist . 
  i do n't think you know what an islamist is . 
  islamism , like capitalism and communism , is a set up of government and is perfectly legitimate . 
  it is centring government on running by the principles of whatever your interpretation of religious law is . 
  i doubt this woman wanted an islamist government installed , and i 'm not sure how beheading a child would get a person one . 
  maybe we need a quota in r/europe on how much complaining about multiculturalism can be done per post ? 
  tatarstan is literally within russia . 
  i somewhat understand the people who question the free movement of people across european nations , but questioning people 's ability to move freely within their own country ? 
  moscow is a large and rich city where there are jobs . 
  the unemployed youth of the caucasus and the new east speak russian ( because soviet ) . 
  the rational decision is go to somewhere there are jobs , thriving communities of people from your region already , and you speak the language - thus , they arrive in moscow . 
  nope , it 's about how bad muslims are . 
  would you rather live in a shed or a nice three bedroom house ? 
  that 's the logic , but you are right . 
  they should be proportionally distributed according to each country 's population so by population the uk and germany should be taking the most . 
  we 're talking under ten million across the eu . 
  500 million people in the eu . 
  this means that the eu 's population will grow by an extra 2 % in five years . 
  if somewhere is n't prepared for 2 % population growth , it was going to collapse long before there were any refugees . 
  assimilation is mostly going fine . 
  you know how they 're taking millions ? 
  if millions of people were going to be a rampaging horde establishing islamic law , raping and pillaging , europe would be firmly raped and pillaged and under islamic law . 
  the rapists and the terrorists are an extreme minority propelled to the foreground by people like the ones here calling for a new hitler to rise up . 
  i think if properly redistributed throughout the eu a few million should be a drop in the bucket . 
  it 's countries that are n't pulling their weight * cough * our one * cough * that make all of this so hard on germany . 
  in the uk we 're taking 20,000 . 
  that 's fewer than a whole new stratford-upon-avon . 
  no everybody knows afghanistan , iraq , nigeria and libya are perfectly peaceful countries only going through economic troubles . 
  he should go to fucking syria . 
  you sound like the bloke who founded the conservatives in the uk . 
  concerned by these new found ideas of ` tolerance ' and ` freedom ', 
  i do n't think anyone ever fled isis and/or foreign power 's bombing for economic reasons . 
  not really ? 
  probably sunnis , the shia and christians are protected by assad 's regime . 
  the people fleeing are n't responsible for the collapse of syria . 
  that would be the assad regime , the civil war in general , and western intervention . 
  bullshit are there too many . 
  the few million who have fled syria are a drop in the bucket of europe 's population . 
  countries like germany and the u.k. could take hundreds of thousands and nobody would notice and most people who oppose them coming would probably never meet one . 
  people seem to be talking like that would be a good thing . 
  christ what is this europe we live in . 
  edit : and now i 'm being downvoted for suggesting new hitler 's a bad thing . 
  * sigh *, 
  it 's mad that the pope is less conservative than many american politicians . 
  when he said this at the last debate the crowd outright booed him . 
  then again when donald trump has had facts used against him he has n't liked it and the crowd 's booed too . 
  nobody is good here , and everybody is an enemy of facts . 
  apocalyptic race war !, 
  federal europe forever !, 
  can we start settling conflicts like this though ? 
  that sounds far easier, 
  would n't it be fascinating if russia once again claimed it was the true owner of constantinople . 
  we have the idea for a constitution , just not a proper one with any meaning . 
  it is n't a good ikea . 
  as a resident in birmingham , i think we can all agree . 
  birmingham  coventry . 
  it does indeed look a lot like the us post-katrina :(, 
  that does n't explain why the ikea 's shit . 
  i bet at some point soviet-ist architecture will come back and be cool . 
  worst cities in the world . 
  - damascus - baghdad - kabul - coventry, 
  albania are taking quite the few refugees . 
  considering their population , and that they 're albania . 
  i think our borders are okay, 
  cool cool . 
  thanks for the go-ahead . 
  oh they do , but like with the uk , the vast majority , like 90 % of them , were born in france .
