  some 's parents were probably born in france . 
  hell in the uk they 'll be like adults who 's grandparents came to the uk from pakistan or india or bangladesh when they were like 12 . 
  immigration is n't a new phenomenon , and it 's certainly not affected the uk at least in any meaningful way . 
  is that a problem ? 
  not now it is n't , but that 's because algeria fought a long and bloody war of independence . 
  other countries that were part of french west africa do speak french to this day . 
  the black people and arabs are n't new , they 're a few generations in left over from imperialism . 
  not even guests . 
  after world war two we told everyone throughout the empire `` come to britain !, 
  the motherland !, 
  you speak the language , you know all about it , now come rebuild it ! '', 
  just as people from england could go to south africa or india , now indians and south africans could come to england . 
  it was the right thing to do , then being equal citizens of the empire and all . 
  after world war two , for like five years , we said `` anyone from the empire , come to britain !, 
  the motherland !, 
  you know her history , you speak her language and all you 've ever known is how brilliant britain is !, 
  now come rebuild her !, 
  be part of britain ! '', 
  they were part of the empire , just as people from england went to south africa , south africans could come to england . 
  i genuinely do n't get why people do n't understand this . 
  imperialism cuts both ways . 
  the ones from french colonies already speak french, 
  i heard it 's the pesky yokels in the south that are holding italy back ? 
  nobody enters in to a military pact against you unless you 're threatening . 
  balkan banter sometimes ends in ethnic cleansing . 
  bollocks what . 
  those people were belgian and some of them were french . 
  stuff like paris happens anyway , refugees or no refugees . 
  calls for a lynching i think . 
  italy and germany do n't really have the most united histories . 
  with a roman eagle on it . 
  if that many countries voted in favour , why is palestine just not a country ? 
  clearly the vast majority of people say it should be . 
  all we need now is an actual proper western european nation to recognise them , like france or germany . 
  why should 48 % of the population lie down and accept whatever 52 % of the population want to do ? 
  we 're still almost half the country , fuck you dragging us in to the abyss with you . 
  so it always profoundly undemocratic to oppose government action so long as the government was democratically elected ? 
  in turn , what damage has the eu done to you ? 
  that 's not particularly inkeeping with the whole democracy thing though , is it ? 
  having government decisions be unaccountable for their actions ? 
  for the record mate , i have n't downvoted you . 
  but the point i 'm making is , general elections are accountable because within the next five years there will be another one . 
  that 's not the case with referenda . 
  that 's never the case with referenda . 
  they have no place in modern representative democracies . 
  so because people that were n't the conservatives lost the 2015 general election , should there never be a general election again ? 
  because people voted for the conservatives and they won . 
  it would be undemocratic to stand against them in another referendum . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  cameron promised that if we remained we would still try to reform and get as much separate from the eu as possible without actually leaving . 
  had remain won , the leave voters would still have their voices heard . 
  if remain supporters like the government were n't listening to the leave crowd , there would n't have been a fucking referendum . 
  this is part of the problem with what drove the leave vote . 
  a weird arrogance . 
  assuming the uk was too important to be treated like a normal country , so it does n't need friends . 
  the result of that referendum was n't accountable then and the result of this referendum is n't accountable now . 
  being able to hold a government to account for its actions is a key feature of representative democracy . 
  ** democracy means only having one election ever because a follow-up election trying to oust the elected government would n't be democratic **, 
  a march against ~ ~ democracy ~ ~ an unaccountable one-time referendum with a huge democratic deficit . 
  you 're american right ? 
  so in 2008 after you elected obama , should there never have been an election again ? 
  because it was him v. john mccain , and john mccain lost . 
  the majority of people voted for obama . 
  and yet four years later you had another election . 
  you should n't have done that . 
  people decided democratically that they wanted obama to be the president . 
  the republicans lost . 
  that 's exactly how democracy and voting works . 
  you vote in a government , but if they 're shit and nobody likes them , in a few years time there 's a new general election and we elect a new government . 
  the problem with referenda is that there 's no holding to account . 
  it 's one vote and you 're done . 
  putin would never poison anyone !, 
  since there are lots of them here i think maybe there is n't that much regulation of halal things in the uk . 
  sorry albanians , you 're going to have fuck off , no muslims in europe . 
  are n't they normally labelled anyway ? 
  most places that sell halal food have the little logo in arabic that says halal under it . 
  or is that just a uk thing ? 
  they 'd ignore it . 
  like they ignore eu rules that say they ca n't stop prisoners voting . 
  finally , a clothing ban i can get behind . 
  if scotland win their independence , they should celebrate america 's victory over english imperialism , in solidarity . 
  closing borders would do less than nothing for choudury . 
  he 'd use it to drum up that the country hates muslims and that they need to become islamists and resist the country . 
  i 'm seeing calls for his deportation . 
  he was born in welling , london . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  syria had to bend over backwards when hafez al-assad died to put his son in to place . 
  they had to amend the constitution and everything . 
  in saddam hussein 's case , his heir apparent for a very long time uday hussein was a viscous lunatic . 
  unless saddam was followed by somebody who was exactly like him ( which feels unlikely ) i imagine whether it 's a relative or a son or a general his successor does n't last long . 
  but trying someone at the hague is different . 
  unless politicians in the uk , poland , spain or italy actively killed a person in iraq in an illegal way , they 've not committed a war crime . 
  you 're talking about a crime of aggression , a thing that was n't fully established in 2003 . 
  the way hussein behaved , with his genocidal actions against his own people and his aggression towards his neighbours , hussein 's continued power or when he died ( which was likely to come within the next ten years anyway , coalition analysis thought he had 5-8 years to live ) i do n't think iraq and its surrounding area was destined for peace invasion or not . 
  yeah , fuck fascists . 
  nah m8 , nigel 's the high sparrow . 
  the mayor of calais just said they 're not going to stop people trying to cross anymore . 
  are podemos likely to win ? 
  nigel , most notably . 
   frogs , mud dwellers , turnip farmers so luxemburg is the neck ?
