i certainly think britain should have got involved in ww2 . 
  ww1 on the other hand i would certainly argue against british intervention . 
   because there 's too much water in milk because if there is one thing you should n't put in your tea it is water ? 
  no it 's not true , the white flag was used as a symbol of surrender fairly commonly in western europe during the middle ages ( before the french flag of the 17th century ) . 
  britain splitting countries has always worked out fine . 
  we even created [ free land ] ( https://farm3.staticflickr.com/2688/4038420915_01fdd8547a.jpg ) and a disagreement between countries that lasted long enough for them not to blame us . 
  mm there must have been some errors in the data i found . 
  i ca n't find more recent data but last year estonia was at 2.0 % which i guess could mean they dropped below this year . 
  i guess i missed greece . 
  you also say north american countries in your other comment but canada is also below the 2 % . 
  i 'd also like to see an increase in the uks defense spending . 
   it 's weak in comparison to nato if it includes the north american countries . 
  it gets substantially more dicey just with europe . 
  while the uk has been decreasing defense spending what is annoying is that many european nato countries have been allowed to reduce spending below agreed nato levels , in fact only the uk , france , turkey and estonia are above the 2 % of gdp mark . 
  the uk rebate is because cap spending benefits the uk less than other countries . 
  the rebates for france and germany are because they made poor economic decisions . 
  my point is not that hungary should pay for it but rather the schengen countries rather than the eu . 
  both the uk and ireland have chosen to protect their own borders and should not have to contribute to schengen border protection . 
  on top of that iceland , norway and switzerland are not part of the eu but are part of the schengen area and gain benefit from the border protection and thus should contribute to schengen area border protection . 
  the eu should not be funding it , there is no reason why non schengen countries should have to pay to protect their own borders as well as other countries and non-eu schengen countries should be required to pay . 
  la haine is a brilliant film . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing in this situation but it was n't what denmark wanted and if they could force finland to do the same for the basic wage it may not prove popular . 
  i moved to copenhagen about 5 years ago in a conversation last year my brother was amazed to learn that it was n't living in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not sure that is true . 
  from what i remember about 1-2 years ago the eu court ruled that denmark had to pay eu students the same as they ho for native danes if they worked around only 10 hours a week . 
  britain had forced denmark to pull out of that in 1801 in another attack on the danish fleet and copenhagen . 
  the demand to hand over the fleet and the alliance with france was n't until 1807 . 
  denmark had with drawn from the league after the first attack on copenhagen in 1801 , denmark did n't ally with france until after the second attack in 1807 . 
  well it was n't just a think , talleyrand had ordered denmark to prepare for war with britain or face invasion . 
  sure it 's understandable denmark did n't want to give up it 's biggest weapon but also if it is such a biggest weapon then you can surely see why britain wants to neutralise it 's use against her . 
  i was n't commenting on what was reasonable i was saying it was more complicated than britain just stealing the danish navy . 
  but if you want to know my opinion on that i do n't think reasonable or not matters , it was war not nursery school where one can chose not to play and automatically have it respected . 
  not really that simple , britain tried to make a secret alliance with denmark but denmark did not want . 
  later it looked like france was going to invade and britain did n't want to risk that . 
  britain kindly asked for you to hand over your fleet while sending our own just in case . 
  this left denmark in this dangerous position of hand over the fleet and be invaded by france or ally with france and face the british navy in copenhagen . 
  the danish refused to end neutrality , britain then demanded the fleet , denmark refused and we took it anyway and then you allied with france i guess . 
  i do n't really see how much the wilhelm ii is a danish connection . 
  there is only that connection because nicholas ii married alix of hesse who was the grand daughter of queen victoria who was also the grandmother of wilhelm ii . 
  wilhelm is no descent from danish royalty and the connection is pretty loose . 
  the only real relevant ruler from the danish royal family is nicholas ii and his side was probably more related to the franco-russian alliance . 
  it 's more of a german connection since the complications come from both british and danish royal families with as you say the danish king being `` the father in law of europe '' and queen victoria being `` the grandmother of europe '' . 
  they both however are descendants of german houses with the british being descendants from house of wettin and the danish being descendants of the house of oldenburg . 
   bancontact i 'm assuming that is similar to [ contactless ] ( http://www.barclays.co.uk/helpsupport/barclayscontactlessdebitcards/p1242561764200 ) in the uk ? 
  because that is by far the fastest method of paying i 've used . 
  i 'm not sure it is commonly used more than other countries but they are a bit obsessed by it in other ways . 
  the rules of flags are taken very seriously , i worked at a university and they had people complain for not putting the flag up on a flag day . 
  there is also a common myth that it is the oldest flag still in use and often get rather offended when you tell them otherwise ( though it is the oldest in ** continuous ** use ) . 
  the austrian flag was adopted before 1230 over 100 years before . 
  danes will often cite a legend that dates it to 1219 but there is no evidence to support that and the story only appears 300 years later . 
  you are of course right , i was going to say was that really the case for a welsh court but it was king edwards jester not madogs so that would not matter anyway . 
  it seems it comes from the previous jester `` tom le fol '' . 
  it could be that the previous one was french and he has just based it on him or it could have been a tradition to use the title `` le fol '' for whatever reason . 
  i 'm going to guess rome really depends on getting the right places . 
  i did n't experience any of these issues with restaurants they were always friendly and helpful but we pretty much always went on recommendation from the hotel . 
  i did n't think there were particularly high priced . 
  at least not the stuff we ordered . 
  starters and antipasti always seemed way overpriced though . 
  we went out of the city on saturday and sunday as we figured they would be the days with the most people in the city so that might of helped . 
  apart from the heat ( i went in july ) , the bat shit insane driving , the selfie stick people and a really shitty airport i found it a really nice city to visit . 
  as i said i do n't really live in the uk any more ( and my family live in labour strongholds anyway so the votes ) . 
  but from what i have been told a lot switched because lib dems got blamed for a lot and they were unable to enact all of the promises ( because they did n't have full control ) and people felt betrayed . 
  i have n't lived in britain since labour left but from what i have heard from friends lib dems took a lot of the blame for conservative policies , the conservatives were head of the coalition and the last government was n't terrible so more people voted conservative . 
  now britain gets a conservative government without the lib dems to stops them having to many crazy policies . 
  much of my family voted conservative for the first time in the last election and now most of them regret it . 
  i think you misunderstood his comment , he thought the map was supposed to reference troops in nato corps not just all french soldiers . 
  it 's definitely not just active personnel . 
  i did n't think they could eat pork anyway ... all jokes aside this has been the case of over a year , this is poor journalism . 
  what i find the worst about this is wasting other people time . 
  i studied in denmark before working here and was also a member of several sports clubs so i built a bit of a network that way . 
  i 've interviewed for 2 jobs since i have been here and got both of them , both of them had 2 rounds of interviews with multiple candidates but both times i had pretty much been told ( unofficially ) i had the job after the 1st . 
  the second job i was in fact asked to apply for , i 'm pretty sure they had chosen me before i had even provided my cv and application yet wasted other candidates time with multiple interviews . 
  but there is only 3 countries as far as i can tell in the eu that do not have a minimum wage . 
  denmark ( and i believe sweden ) are both set by collective agreements rather than a government minimum wage . 
  the only other country is italy which has one of the highest youth unemployment rates in the eu . 
  while speaking dutch that might be fine but one must consider the language they are using to communicate and in english using england for the uk is ambiguous at best . 
  britain is fine , i doubt anyone would complain about that . 
  england is a bad to use , even if you ignore the fact that using it for the whole of the uk is incorrect it would still be very ambiguous with the 2 possible meanings and almost no way to tell the difference, 
  extra annoying when you are learning the language . 
  it seems to be oddly common tactic , spain does it to british airspace and waters all the time to . 
  i 'm against britain leaving the eu , however regardless of the politics around it if the eu is willing to break it 's agreement with britain then i do n't see how we have any other choice . 
   he says it should be sunflower oil for cooking and maybe a bit of butter afterwards , but both butter and olive oil have too low a burning point to cook steak on . 
  the smoking point of sunflower oil is lower than olive pomace oil , you are right that you should n't cook with extra virgin olive oil but one does n't need to be a chef to know that . 
  really ? 
  from the map i would have said austria , switzerland , lichtenstein and andorra were more mountainous and possible norway , slovenia , montenegro and greece to . 
  some of this data is wrong . 
  i ca n't be bothered to check for more but i noticed it with britain and france since the populations are similar . 
  the first page shows britian with more gold medals than france , the last picture shows france with a higher number of inhabitants . 
  so how does france have more gold medals per 10m inhabitants ? 
  again medals per 10m ihabitants , france gets 43 medals for 66m inhabitants and that is 45.35 medals per 10m inhabitants ? 
  catalan and welsh are co-official ( whatever the fuck that means ) languages of the eu . 
  please adjust as appropriate . 
   of course , the article fails to mention a whole lot of other things . 
  it fails to mention that many citizens of the eu are not required to undergo training , either . 
  now i do n't know the statistics but most eu citizens i know in denmark are working ( or studying ) . 
  living in denmark speaking english is so easy and if they can earn enough money to live and pay tax then i do not see the issue ( though i think it is better that they do ) . 
  i think anyone who is living from state support should be required to do whatever ( within reason of course ) will increase chance of obtaining employment which of naturally includes knowing the language of the country you are in . 
  i ca n't see him on the list , am i missing something or have they changed it ? 
  you should never tip . 
  i do n't live in finland but in denmark it is highly unusual , waiters are fairly compensated for the work they do and the level of service will be reflected by the cost of the meal . .
