   hillary come to serbia let 's drink some whiskey , you can be my monica lewinsky . 
  * [ shudder ] ( https://canwehaveapooldad.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/02-18b-homershudder.gif ) *, 
  i 'm not the one presenting invented nonsense . 
   its just stupid american electoral system . 
  wonder if you 'd say the same in case of a reverse situation . 
   it 's about seeing a future that is not ridden by war and instability hillary picking a fight with russia is a stable , peaceful future ? 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  trump is * literally * hitler !, 
  which makes putin - mussolini , i guess . 
  or other way around . 
  sounds like a threat . 
   you 're probably trying to make an allusion to something to your history , which is really interesting . 
  also it contradicts with the perpetual victim stance you 've assumed . 
  firstly , suit yourself . 
  secondly , the nonsense points you provided are your own propaganda . 
   it 's much older than theirs so typicaly for russians they have to diminish what they could feel inferior to . 
  a pole accusing others in having an inferiority complex , that 's rich !, 
  want to discuss abkahzia and ossetia ? 
  should we start our discussion from 90s and a particular war ? 
  he 's not smearing shit all over putin and russia like hillary . 
  makes him pro-russian ? 
  so nowadays when you 're not openly hostile to russia , you 're pro-russian ? 
  also . 
  i know that there are severe issues with english language education in ukraine but `` relationship '' does n't equate to `` i spoke on a phone with him once . '', 
   trump is pro-russian you people are insane . 
   i 'm personally shitting my pants as i 'm from poland . 
  repeat it after me : russians , do n't give a shit about poland . 
  we do n't have interests in there , we do n't need your land , we do n't like you culture , and you do n't have anything of value . 
   this is what scares me the most as european at the moment . 
  no reason to worry . 
  everything is going to be juuuust fine . 
  what 's so indecent about trump though ? 
  people call him a racist but fail to present any evidence to support this claim . 
  they call him a misogynist because of a private `` locker room talk '' with a friend ? 
  i mean come on , seriously ? 
  they call him a nationalist because he wants to protect borders of his country . 
  again , really ? 
   a system that promotes two extremely unpopular candidates as the only choices is n't good . 
  hillary maybe . 
  but how 's trump unpopular ? 
  you do realize that the republicans had such a great success during this electoral season solely thank to trump , right ? 
  yep . 
  leftist movement finally gets on the wrong end of a democratic process and all they can do is to spread doom and gloom , blame others , and throw tantrums . 
  exactly . 
  edit : i 'd be a happy person if i 'd have a chance to witness anything like that in russia . 
  but alas , russia is a very young and questionable democracy ( yes it is democracy , just not exactly free ) , unlike the us . 
  ok . and ? 
  i do n't trust him either . 
  as much as i do n't really trust any politician . 
  putin is fairly predictable though . 
  also , you do realize that he 's a product of decades of confrontation , right ? 
  there are only 2 paths on this road , either we keep spiraling down the confrontation road and eventually get to blows or maybe start respecting each other . 
  unlike clinton and co , putin have never branded any of the rival leaders as enemies or called their countries `` axis of evil '' . 
  two literally hitlers !, 
   obama 's nobel peace prize looks much less stupid now . 
  how ? 
   russia i 'm sure is celebrating which always scares me how dare they to have their own interests and views !? 
  right ? 
   trump cooperation with russia , endangering the future of peace in europe ( destabilisation of western alliance ) god forbids ending the retarded dick measuring context between russia and the us , while finally starting to respect each other , right ? 
  it 's not like perpetual stand at each others throats is doing anyone any good . 
  how is the us a failed democracy ? 
  if anything deposing the current establishment is as democratic as it can get . 
  most countries can only dream about something like this unfortunately . 
  is n't nice how some people are respecting others choice and the basic principles of democracy . 
  why would they want to deal with natives ? 
  if they 'll manage to unite everyone under their economical thumb we will all be better off . 
  military power is temporary , economical interdependence is much more efficient to keep everyone from each others throats . 
  yeah . 
  they us is totally going to allow that . 
  keep dreaming . 
   edit : with rt , it 's easy to proove a lie . 
  since i ca n't link any particular rt article in this subreddit ( and they say there is no censorship here ) you can choose one you like and publicly disprove it . 
   now , you are accusing some russian guys posting russian news of lies , too . 
  but can you really provide any proofs of that ? 
  do you mean i should prove that a group of shitposters on reddit is n't the most trustworthy bunch ? 
  you do know the difference between a news agency and a random redditor , are n't you ? 
  edit : * crickets * edit : still waiting . 
  it 's so easy to debunk rt lies , is n't it ? 
  and you need to provide just one example to assure your victory in this argument !, 
  so basically the very same ` news ' but twisted in the opposite from rt direction . 
  it 's as far from reality as rt. 
  i visit poland at least once every 3 month as part of my business trips . 
  and i can tell you , outside of work i 'd never go there . 
  i 'm always polite and usually trying to not speak russian because some poles are a bit too `` sensitive '' when it comes to russian language . 
  despite that , i see a very clear hostility towards me if people learn i 'm russian . 
   i feel immigration in general and immigration of other slavs are two very different subject for poles . 
  * unless those slavs are russians . 
  so ... * grabs popcorn * ... what 's going on in russia ? 
   when ameen first arrived from aleppo , he was thrilled to have made it to sweden . 
  speaking as he takes a break from a protest near parliament , he says he thought there would be plenty of jobs . 
  but none was available . 
  what a surprise . 
  go on , throw whataboutism at me , i dare ya . 
  plus . 
  contractors and such are not conscripts . 
  those people know what they 're doing . 
  so what 's the problem here ? 
  [ mccarthyism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mccarthyism ) makes its glorious return into world 's politics !, 
  we 're fine . 
  and the us is losing in syria .
