  it 's not like we were dealing with this shit for the last 20 years , were n't we ? 
  he loves europe !, 
  it 's nice to hear that at least someone loves russia , belarus and ukraine !, 
  not sure what it has to do with eu though . 
   russians dominated political life in moscow . 
  aaaand then there is stalin and khrushchev , and beria , and goglidze ... the list goes on . 
  i mean , russians dominated it so much that a ukrainian who led ussr at the time decided to gift a piece of russia to ukraine and no one had enough power to stop him . 
   really ? 
  is this your logic for not returning what belongs to romanian people . 
  thanks for proving that regular russian has a thief mentality . 
  yes really . 
  you people like to appeal to laws and rules . 
  it works both ways . 
  legally no one owes you anything . 
  can ask the russian emperor for your treasure . 
   also if russia in not responsible than why it agreed to create a commission to study the details of the treasure transfer . 
  purely political move . 
  we had no obligation to do so . 
  did it anyway . 
   you 're making it sound like is an isolated incident . 
  it 's a whole stream of similar attitude at the highest level of russian politics , even before romania joined nato . 
  go on , provide 2 more examples . 
  and i mean real examples . 
  because twitter is n't real example . 
  official statements would be nice . 
   no , i blame russia because russia 's power was used to do that . 
  also germany was the one split in 2 after ww2 not austria , event though hitler was austrian . 
  cool . 
  might want to read how ussr worked . 
  the lack of knowledge is clear . 
   this treasure well . 
  russian empire lost the war and ceased to exist . 
  ussr was never considered a legal successor of russian empire . 
  so technically no one owes you nothing . 
   one example . 
   russian diplomat ** twitter-threatens to fly a bomber into romania ** seriously ? 
  that 's your example ? 
  become part of the hostile infrastructure - be nuked first in case of a conflict . 
  mccarthyism : bulgarian electric boogaloo, 
   also my childhood was affected indirectly in a negative way because of russia 's actions many decades before ( installing comunism in romania ) . 
  blame georgians for that . 
  stalin was very much in power then . 
   i also hate russia because of things that it could and should be fixed ( because is the right thing to do ) but they refuse to do so ( returning our treasure for example ) treasure ? 
  the hell are you talking about ? 
   i also hate russia for more recent actions ( attacking their neighbours ) and threating to bomb romania because we are not their lapdogs . 
  no one threatened you . 
  being a part of an inherently hostile alliance makes you a legitimate target . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  ofc not . 
  also , do n't forget he was a `` putin critic '' means that he 's practically saint !, 
  the photo is from crimea . 
   and not me personally since i 'm too young for that . 
  so you hate russia because other people told you to hate it . 
   unique deal with nato the one about to not expand towards our borders . 
  yeah , great deal !, 
  never worked though . 
   saved from collapse by imf loans yeah ... people have very short memory . 
  russian economy was in shambles in 90s and imf loans did little to nothing as were all stolen by the us favorite - yeltsin and his crew . 
   un security council which has zero power or relevance in the real world . 
   russia was accepted into g8 what good have it brought to us if every position of interest for russia was ignored anyway ? 
   russia was going to be accepted into oecd ( halted due to crimea invasion ) thanks god we 're not going to be dragged into that . 
   visa freedom with eu on the table ( halted due to crimea invasion ) that would never happen anyway . 
  can you really imagine a scenario when every dumbass from russia would be able to freely enter eu without any hassle ? 
   but if by `` disregarding '' you mean russia has no control over half of europe , ** nor has it any rights over its neighbours ' internal affairs , then you 're right ** . 
  while the eu somehow does . 
  interesting position . 
  that 's a good one . 
  you clearly are n't socializing with ukrainians much . 
  so now you were a slave . 
  well tell me more about your slavery experience, 
  yeah yeah yeah ... words worth nothing . 
  yet we see zero video or photo evidence . 
  [ very relevant ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ove8lpi.jpg ) livelieak is filled with combat footage of all involved parties yet in ukraine it 's either [ staged footage ] ( www.mil.gov.ua/en/news/2016/08/28/volunteer-photographer-dmytro-muravskiy-dismissed-from-the-position-of-the-volunteer-adviser-to-the-minister-of-defence-of-ukraine ) or empty words . 
  if you want to see russian troops and how they operate look in crimea . 
  all of the ukrainians speak russian . 
   we are respecting russia all the time and everytime we do , we get the bad part of the deal . 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  seriously . 
  routinely disregarding russian constantly after the fall of ussr was a norm . 
  i wonder why are you alive then . 
  surely the murderous animals would cull your entire country when they had chance . 
  i guess someone never studied history . 
  also . 
  it 's not war . 
  did ukraine declared war ? 
  did it stop its poor masses from coming here to perform low wage jobs ? 
  did it stop sending endless trains of their production to russia ? 
  the answer is no . 
  plus , russians are n't fighting in this war . 
  russians are in crimea and it 's calm and quiet there . 
  there is one key difference , i suspect that the canadian french does n't really want to be saved . 
  guess it 's normal when the rest of nato is turning their back on you . 
  remember the coup attempt and how most of the nato either kept silent or cheered to the development . 
  how nice of france to donate so much while spreading chaos and destruction in libya . 
  where can i get my paycheck ? 
  i mean , guess it 's easier for people like you to see the world where your opinion is the right one and everyone else is just a paid shill . 
  it 's a nice bubble i guess but it 's a bubble of delusions . 
  if only . 
  i live in moscow and visit keivsky train station every day . 
  and every day i see trains filled with ukrainian work migrants coming in and out of moscow .
