if us ends sanctions against russia unlikely to happen . 
  the senate wo n't allow even if trump would try to end sanctions but he wo n't . 
  government : partners , unreliable due to lack of independent policy and inherent bias seen in some of its members . 
  general russian population : it 's ok . 
  there are some issues and some countries are not too friendly , but generally it 's nice . 
  russian rednecks : the land of gays , illegal immigrants and child molesters . 
  russian opposition : eu is heaven on earth . 
  alt-right are about race , not nation . 
  well . 
  that 's one way to become a meme - propose a ban on memes online . 
  i guess it remains to be seen . 
  the thing is , putin made it clear that russia is ready to `` play by the rules '' as long as its own interests are taken into account . 
  many see it as arrogant and not acceptable , especially in the us . 
  people still live with the cold war mentality , and we ( ussr \\ russia ) lost this war . 
  i mean , he 's reasonable in saying that `` it 's not going to be easy '' and i hope it means he 's ready to compromise . 
  but it really means nothing as no one really knows what 's going to happen . 
  there is a huge gap between 94 % and 64 % . 
  but i guess they do n't teach kinds how to read graphs and charts in estonian schools . 
   a lot of them are already spending a lot on defense and could possibly spend less in case of a collective defense . 
  `` a lot '' relative to their gdp which is laughable even by russian standards which are at their lowest right now . 
  yeah , i can relate to this sentiment . 
  he 's an ideologue , a populist , and a full blown nationalist . 
  hopefully he 'll screw up again somehow and fall back into obscurity . 
  you do realize that the missile shield in question has little to do with the prospect of eu army and not possible without the us , right ? 
   breakdown of international co-operation what kind of cooperation are we talking about here right now ? 
  the kind of causing the us to bomb 7 different countries at the moment ? 
  in your opinion . 
  ever considered it to be wrong ? 
   political posturing today will scale back to pre-2013 levels soon unlikely . 
  not after what happened . 
  plus having russian as a universal boogieman is very convenient for many politicians . 
  can blame any shortcomings on russian hackers \\ intelligence \\ etc. 
  and the question of ukraine is still open . 
  russia wo n't disown crimea , it 's simply not possible at this point . 
  ukraine is now locked in the victim role and wo n't give it up . 
  it 's too convenient to be a victim in political terms for them . 
  eu wo n't back down either because after everything what have been said , it 's political suicide for any politician . 
  you ca n't spend years paining russia as the existential threat or an arch-enemy and then make a full 180 turn on it . 
   us army operates those eh ? 
   belgium belgium what ? 
  because you do n't buy weapons from your enemies . 
  i mean , we all know who 's the enemy , right ? 
  except if you take a look at pre-obama and post-obama usa , you can clearly see that the race became a real issue again within his presidency terms . 
  it 's the left who 's constantly calling for a special status for minorities . 
  except , you do n't buy weapons from your enemies . 
  and it 's clear who 's the enemy of the eu army . 
  also . 
  russian helis and the export versions of the same helis are different . 
  russia is n't selling equipment which can be effectively used against it . 
  how can you have a single army without a strict political unity ? 
  how will it operate ? 
  who will command it , which country ? 
  so what will happen if ** you ** fail ? 
  no more virtue signaling ? 
  no more pc culture ? 
  no more race wars ? 
  why is there a [ mi-8 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mil_mi-8 ) on the picture ? 
  is the future eu army going to buy export russian military hardware ? 
  also , is n't it funny how the poorest countries which wo n't be able to contribute much show the most enthusiastic attitude towards the idea ? 
  translation : trump is bad , bring us your money . 
   so much for russia being a petrol station that can only survive with high oil prices . 
  it * can * and did survive even with $ 6 per barrel . 
  the quality of this survival might vary . 
  then again , i remember 90s and the beginning of 2000s . 
  we had plenty of it , game dev and even some high tech companies . 
  all of these were buried under the stream of `` free dollars '' . 
  i mean , no point to make anything when you can buy it with petro-dollars , which brings us to today where we 're starting from scratch again . 
   we need a strong grass root pan-european movement to help europe stay together over the coming decades . 
  what if the majority does n't want it ? 
  you do realize that that 's exactly the answer he seeks , right ? 
  strictly speaking eu destruction is best for all , including the us . 
  a bunch of small states are much easier to exploit than a union . 
  read about the first 10 years right after ww2 and how the us companies profited off separate european states . 
   trump cooperation with russia , endangering the future of peace in europe ( destabilisation of western alliance ) yeah . 
  because constantly dismissing russia , ridiculing it , and showing nothing but contempt worked great so far , right ? 
  also . 
  non escalation does n't equate to cooperation . 
  we 're talking about the person who 's planning to remove all restrictions from oil and gas drilling in the us . 
  it 's totally going to help russian economy !, 
  [ it 's already back up ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=nikkei+225 ), 
  rogozin maybe ? 
  it feels like they 've been grooming him for something like this during the last few years . 
  questionable . 
  intelligence consists out of people who are perfect for this kind of work . 
  shaigu on other hand is a soldier , nothing else . 
  if you listen to him , his speeches are n't impressive , he clearly lack any strong political alignment . 
  let them relive their youth . 
  it 's clearly a nostalgic thing , look at their faces . 
  edit : a word, 
  unlikely . 
  he 's not a politician , not even close . 
  probably should 've not been cheering to that coup attempt . 
  russia will come and conquer all , what else ? 
  be nice to him , it 's his first day in the office . 
  [ how to deal with your paranoia ( with pictures ) ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/deal-with-your-paranoia ), 
  estonia ? 
  why do you care so much anyway ? 
  must be russians . 
   cccp combined community codec pack ? 
  well yea , it 's ok .
