  wonder what 's at fault here . 
  is it propaganda , sheer ignorance or terrible issues with general education in some parts of the world . 
  also , the world trade center in san marino looks like a cheap motel . 
  from the angle of the picture at the very least . 
   russia does this heh , had no idea russia is a monolithic hivemind . 
  what story ? 
  another unfinished project from the time of the ussr collapse , one out of hundreds scattered throughout ex-ussr countries . 
  what kind of story did you expect exactly ? 
   when ussr collapsed project was thankfully abandoned , this dam could lead to huge disaster . 
  what kind of disaster ? 
  source ? 
  it does n't change the fact that situation in the country deteriorates with no obvious changes towards anything positive in sight . 
   one thing , why are not all bank accounts and assets of this `` elite '' a.k.a thieves frozen in western banks and their properties confiscated ? 
  for the same reason everyone is so friendly with saudis . 
  if there are profits to be made , there is no place for anything else . 
  how do you go from eu-russia relations to gays in chechnya ? 
  where is the logical link ? 
  it 's the same as `` i 'd like to talk about eu-russia relations . 
  is it truth that putin is a crab ? 
   how many journalists have been killed in the rf lately ? 
  how many ? 
  show numbers . 
  because if you 're making a claim with a question mark on the end while providing no support to the said clam , the answer can be `` non at all '' . 
   all those russian troops in the eastern ukraine ... well , search at least this reddit for more information . 
  please do link to this overwhelming documented video and photo footage of russian hordes in eastern ukraine . 
   besides , those folks might be from donbass , they probably did n't get visa free travel . 
  that makes it better how exactly ? 
  they could 've moved to other parts of ukraine and get it . 
  i suspect that anyone who wanted or could already did . 
  plus it 's not about visa free travel . 
  why the hell are we still allowing citizens of a hostile towards russia nation to get here unvetted ? 
  what ? 
  there are no visas for ukrainians entering russia . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  you can visit kievsky train station any day , there are trains arriving and departing to ukraine every day . 
  the amount of them there is not even funny . 
  plus , we were looking for a couple of employees recently , we were bombarded with resumes from people who got here from ukraine and looking for a job , usually with questionable registration . 
  you do n't agree with the glorious estonian , hence propaganda . 
  do n't forget they believe we are going to invade them any day now , speaking about propaganda ... 
  i really hope it 's finally going to make russian government to introduce visas for ukrainians . 
  i 'm really tired to see blue passports with tridents everywhere . 
  we have enough people already in moscow and it feels like half of the ukraine decided to move in recently . 
  because there is nothing to gain politically from reporting these events for the patrons of the media outlets , then why bother . 
   and provide a diverse coverage and alternative points oh really ? 
  point me to the diverse points of view on events in syria for example in any western media . 
  or lybia . 
  remember how the french were removing that terrible , evil dictator so that libyans could live in piece and prosperous democracy ? 
  yemen , do n't forget yemen . 
  he was n't joking . 
  you should listen interviews with him and his speeches . 
  speaking of alternative facts ... 
  lost what ? 
   welcome back normal facts . 
  ca n't tell if serious or sarcastic . 
  yeah , right . 
  the big business , establishment man is going to hurt business and establishment . 
   fascist you throw the word around so easily i doubt you understand its meaning . 
  a spy !, 
  we only use tesla guns !, 
  rayguns are in the us we have battle dolphins !, 
  no one would notice . 
  i mean it 's only meager 140 million people . 
  are you familiar with the term phobia ? 
  wow . 
  so much hate , ignorance and apparently illiteracy as you failed to even read about the chechen in question . 
  what happened to you that you hate russians so much ? 
  while you claim in your comment history that you do n't care about russians , they 're the only topic you talk about . 
  fun thing , if you ever had an argument with a chechen , the very first thing he threatens you with is that he 's going to `` f. . . you in the ass '' . 
  yet they constantly proclaim their hatred towards gays . 
  makes you think . 
  edit : a word, 
  now now , do n't insult their beliefs , or you know what might happen ... 
  friendly reminder , this ** is ** the freedom fighter you supported during 90s and early 2000s . 
  remember all of this glorifying of the brave chechen freedom fighters bravely fighting against russian oppression ? 
  well , here you get it . 
  flag of eu , not europe . 
  actually with a question like that a plain simple yes \\ no is sufficient . 
  this is actually a know trick that is used in statistics as well , if you want to get a specific result , just phrase your questions the right way . 
  more so . 
  i believe , if they really disqualify him , it 's going to do more damage to them rather than to opposition . 
  most likely scenario is that they 'll allow him to run but will attempt to split opposition votes as much as possible . 
  opposition in russia has no chances without full consolidation . 
  he 's awesome . 
  he 's an embodiment of the troll face meme !, 
  i doubt that the ruling party has a direct connection to the incident . 
  probably a bunch of russian rednecks . 
  propaganda pressure in the country is insane during the last couple of years , it radicalizes some people . 
   also i do n't see how electing navalny will remove old communists/ldpr clowns from parliament exactly , they are clowns . 
  not even real parties . 
  they exist with the sole purpose of creation an illusion of political diversity . 
   unless you propose to ban them from elections ? 
  of course not . 
  that would be not better than the situation we have no . 
  however , shifting balance of power should lead to the displacement of the old parties . 
  plus , evidently , unlike my generation ( born 88-98 ) , younger generation actually care about politics , i hope this will result in some changes as well . 
   a lot of people would vote for him , just because there is nobody else . 
  this is absurd logic . 
  for example , in 2012 , what was so fundamentally wrong with prokhorov ? 
   not sure if it would actually benefit russia as a whole if someone like navalny would be elected . 
  sure it will .
