  they still ca n't forget the fall of ussr . 
  most of our government at this point consists out of people who stood against the dissolution of ussr . 
  edit : a word, 
   no democracy oh we have democracy . 
  our elections are democratic all right ... it 's just there is no one you can choose from . 
  it 's either putin or some clown . 
  yep . 
  one of the most famous examples is with kabzon who 's a huge putin supporter , crimea annexation supporter . 
  he 's a famous singer in russia and constantly pushing nationalistic propaganda . 
  after the crimea events , he got into one of the sanctions list and basically barred from entering eu or us . 
  for a long time he was brushing it off saying how does n't care and do n't want to go eu anyway . 
  later he begged putin to apply pressure on eu so that eu would let him receive medical care in one of the european hospitals because russian ones are not equipped as well . 
  wanted to write the same . 
  all of them are so worried about `` gay propaganda '' but this is somehow not gay at all . 
  why would communists defend anything russian ? 
  they should hate it as a prime example of a communism failure . 
  and later changed to * `` dedicated to the gallant people of afghanistan . 
  '' * which somehow makes it even worse , considering the movie . 
  do you think his followers know that ? 
  i doubt many of them have even read their own bible . 
  they definitely have no insight into the church structure , laws . 
   9th company i think it 's an awful movie . 
  even though it 's based on real events the levels of propaganda are simply overflowing in the movie . 
   `` brat '' action movie ? 
  really ? 
  criminal drama maybe with bits of comedy but definitely not action movie . 
  also , they 've made the move in 90s , the time of glorification of criminals in russia and it shows . 
  you 've never watched rambo 3 , i take it . 
  what kind of sequel do you have in mind though ? 
  mongol was about chingis khan as a person and his rise to power . 
  after that , there was the golden horde and its story is not that glorious or interesting . 
  mongol is great . 
  just need to understand that it was never meant to be an action movie . 
  unlikely . 
  i doubt medvedev keeps them on a private e-mail server maintained by an incompetent part time sysadmin . 
  is n't interesting how all of those links are opinion pieces with no substantial evidence to back them up ?!, 
  i have no doubts that we 're trying to influence politics in other countries , just like they constantly meddle in our own ( go ahead and throw ` whataboutism ' at me , i dare ya . ) . 
  however , to claim that putin or our intelligence is powerful enough to sway the balance of power in the eu or the us is ridiculous . 
  every time our geniuses are trying to do anything in terms of pr it always ends up as another disaster . 
  there is no narrative pushed methodically , it changes every freaking tuesday . 
  our politicians lie in a such obvious way that i 'd rather have them sit quietly . 
  people are constantly trying to portray putin as some awesome mastermind calculating each action 10 moves ahead . 
  he 's not . 
  if you look back at 16 years of him being in power , his politics are reactionary , always . 
  sometimes it works out , sometimes not . 
  regardless , there is no long term plan , no straight policy . 
  but your own politicians do n't care . 
  they 've found an archenemy and can justify anything for the ` safety and prosperity of the republic ' . 
  just like putin and co over here . 
   mccarthyism would be saying `` russia is paying for them ; arrest them ! '', 
  that exactly what 's happening though . 
  ban it !, 
  a politician not yelling ` omg !, 
  evil russians are going to kills us !!!! ', 
  on every corner ? 
  he must be on the russian payroll !, 
  edit : a word, 
  well . 
  our politicians , in their infinite wisdom , are already proposing a law limiting the ability of leaving the country for engineers . 
  ca n't give em ' a competitive salary ? 
  make them work for glory of the country by force !, 
  i mean , what can possible go wrong , right ? 
  [ sharashka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharashka ) is making its glorious return !, 
  well . 
  england is the birthplace of puritanism after all . 
   considering that her whole damn party is financed by the kremlin every time i read something like this i feel a little bit better inside . 
  it 's nice to live in the most powerful country in the world . 
  it 's amazing how we 're managing to manipulate political systems in each and every country , even the us !, 
  / s [ mccarthyism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mccarthyism ) is stronger than ever with modern politicians . 
  not to the scale we have in russia . 
  waste millions on useless metal detectors instead of improving video surveillance in the same subway . 
  it looks like they 're still using the same cameras they bought in 90s where you ca n't really see anything at all . 
  i think it was obvious from the very start . 
  just someone decided to steal money on setting them up . 
  business as usual in russia . 
   the reports are stating what reports ? 
  also . 
  are you murdering people and keeping their bodies in your basement ? 
  i 'm just asking a question . 
   how will we know with any certainty whether this is isis/radical islamists or manufactured by putin ? 
  it is a possibility ? 
  it 's a possibility that it was done by native australians . 
  i mean , technically it 's possible . 
   i have never peddled conspiracies ? 
  yes , you have . 
  or just looking for confirmation of your biases . 
  basically position many people have : dead people are dead , can to do nothing about that . 
  so let 's put them to use in order to smear our political rivals !, 
   for the last 20 years it was always before presidential elections . 
  / u/tovarish _ petrov , such a low level lie and [ easy to debunk as well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_russia ) . 
  edit : [ apparently we have presidential elections every year ] ( http://imgur.com/a/cc3uo ) !, 
   how will we know with any certainty whether this is isis/radical islamists or manufactured by putin ? 
  how will we know with any certainty whether 9/11 is al-queda/radical islamists or manufactured by bush ? 
  / r/conspiracy is leaking again . 
  are n't you ever tired of pushing the same nonsense narrative all the time ? 
  edit : / u/adresaper , why have you removed your message ? 
  you were just asking a question , were n't you ? 
   right after mass protests , what a damn coincidence . 
  you have to drag * everything * that happens in to this narrative , do n't you ? 
  because russia is such a nice country filled with only nice people otherwise .
