thank you eurotrip . 
   imagine russia invading poland or the baltics tomorrow . 
  i have no doubt the us would immediately begin mobilization and deployment oh , you 'd hear the planes in under 36 hours . 
  we 'd show up . 
  popcorn indeed . 
  going to use my favorite loanword , but this is a great example of schadenfreude . 
  well technically , you can be tied for first . 
  not estonia , but i did find this in a parking lot in helsinki last december . 
  http://i.imgur.com/8jq5nk6.jpg?1 just a short ferry ride and the reinforcement will arrive !, 
  might want to update the decal , though . 
  us navy , coming to a baltic sea near you !, 
  just wait until you see the infographic about deathstar we 're building . 
  it 's only 33 years away !, 
  shit , you were n't kidding . 
  i looked it up to be safe . 
  glad to know my feelings are backed by a statistic !, 
  the humidity is what kills it for me . 
  45c and dry is way more comfortable than 30 and humid . 
  that 's why summer here can go fuck itself . 
  and a lady from the uk once told me that nothing beats ireland when it comes to the scenery . 
  i hope to validate that claim in the near future . 
  it 's okay , they are losing the battle of ontario pretty hard right now . 
  them picks though . 
  i 'm just north of cinci , and i can confirm summers are humid as hell . 
  i do n't know exactly what an irish summer is , but i would like one of those this summer . 
  i found estonian women were generally more attractive than the other two you mentioned . 
  so that 's nice . 
  i was only in tallinn , though . 
  huh , first i 'd seen that actually . 
  kind of ironic . 
  i honestly expected ovie to retire a capital , hang his number in the rafters , then retire to a beach somewhere in florida . 
  maybe not . 
  the case against varlamov was dropped due to lack of evidence . 
  even the civil case , which uses a lower standard of proof . 
  his `` crimea is ours , '' shirt on the other hand ... ovechkin 's at least a likable guy . 
  if he thinks putin 's a nice guy that 's cool . 
  at least he actively avoids talking politics . 
  and his adorable sushi date with ann schaab more than makes up for how drunk he was at the all star game a couple years back . 
  if there 's one thing that would make germany heaven on earth for me , it 's readily available mexican food . 
  i 'd be applying for residency right now . 
  d\u00f6ner , currywurst , * and * burritos ? 
  from my brief experience , you just tend to not speak to anyone unless you have to . 
  only people i `` met '' in finland were canadians , and some swiss . 
  i think i heard more english than finnish there . 
  shit , i heard more german than finnish . 
  do you guys actually speak finnish there ? 
  or is it just on street signs ? 
  that 's rich . 
  nato doing nato things . 
  it works . 
  i think the 2 % was kind of an arbitrary marker . 
  that 's why it 's not really enforced . 
  throw money at it all you like , europe needs to be on the same page militarily before all else . 
  training , dynamic supply chains , intel sharing , etc. 
  it 's not just a matter of $ $ $ , rather $ $ $ for most of you . 
  in the meantime , i think nato has nato countries covered from an invasion perspective . 
  nobody wants to die that badly . 
  most nato countries definitely have capable militaries . 
  some more than others , but one thing they are not particularly skilled in is logistics . 
  that 's where the us shines . 
  the us ' ability to deploy , in force , anywhere in the world in 48 hours is sickeningly impressive to me . 
  essentially , europe needs the logistical capabilities of the us military to support operations outside of nato countries . 
  they just do n't have much modern experience fighting on really foreign soil . 
  at least , not like we do . 
  budgets help , of course . 
  for what it 's worth , i was just there earlier this month and had an absolute blast . 
  i would love the opportunity to work there over a summer or something . 
  i 'd have a lot of hangups with the language though , it was difficult for me to pronounce . 
  granted , it was st. petersburg , so it was pretty english friendly , but damn it is a great city to roam . 
  everyone was super friendly . 
  oh man , i had the great pleasure of seeing a clip of the russian dubbed version of game of thrones . 
  even the people i was staying with thought it was ridiculous . 
  maybe it 's just where i was , but in st. petersburg nobody had good things to say about the political climate . 
  a couple people openly mocked putin . 
  i avoided politics as best as i could though . 
  most of the people my age seemed to distance themselves from the `` rest '' of russia . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gvedzijqjm i laugh every time . 
  do n't tell me that , man . 
  i 'll be there in a couple weeks !, 
   to solve this problem , why do n't you go and un-collapse the soviet union ... that 'd go down something like [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo ), 
  that really is a damn fine looking hat . 
   i imagine as a us citizen , you 'd find a whole lot more commonality with them there - weirdly specific codified or unwritten traditions of behaviour when representing state in specific scenarios . 
  yes . 
  a lot of the marching styles of various armies look pretty ridiculous , but i can imagine they 'd be the norm if i had n't grown up seeing it . 
  so in that way , i can relate . 
  i went to kittil\u00e4 last winter , and i thought i 'd be prepared for short days , but i really was n't . 
  the difference between that and helsinki , even ... or maybe i just did n't notice because i was busy there . 
  coincidentally , the only russian who met the drunk stereotype was in helsinki . 
  we shared drinks until 1:00 or so , and the drunker he got the less english he used . 
  before he passed out at the kitchen table , he grabbed my hands and said something in russian that i can only assume was a marriage proposal . 
  he apparently woke up in the early morning asking everyone where his `` american friend '' was . 
  i never even got the guys name ; wish i got an email address for the guy . 
  the difference in attitude between finnish and russian border agents is ... staggering . 
  russian ones were all pretty women , yet stone faced , who look like they 're processing you for a prison sentence . 
  then the finns came on actively laughing and joking around in finnish . 
  barely glanced at my passport , asked for any declaration , then swiped it and good to go . 
  it was like international good cop , bad cop . 
  this is among the highest quality of social media shitposts , though . 
  truest political trolling that facebook posts can offer .
