greece - lazy lying on the beach all day . 
  greeks work most hours than snow other eu country , in conditions and pay very few of the others can handle , majority live in a cement hellhole full of traffic and smog , have to deal with no workers rights ( unless you 're a civil servant which we have less per capita than germany etc ) and in general get fucked over 100 different ways , but please judge us by how you see you enjoy the 2 weeks we get off in the summer to go to an island and not be able to afford anything or for the fact that our unemployed will get a coffee and stay for 5h commiserating at a cafe instead of going home and drinking themselves to oblivion or killing themselves . 
  famous speech in english but all major words are in greek ( 1957 ) kyrie , it is zeus ' anathema on our epoch and the heresy of our economic method and policies that we should agonize the skylla of nomismatic plethora and the charybdis of economic anaemia . 
  it is not my idiosyncracy to be ironic or sarcastic but my diagnosis would be that politicians are rather cryptoplethorists . 
  although they emphatically stigmatize nomismatic plethora , they energize it through their tactics and practices . 
  our policies should be based more on economic and less on political criteria . 
  our gnomon has to be a metron between economic strategic and philanthropic scopes . 
  in an epoch characterized by monopolies , oligopolies , monopolistic antagonism and polymorphous inelasticities , our policies have to be more orthological , but this should not be metamorphosed into plethorophobia , which is endemic among academic economists . 
  nomismatic symmetry should not antagonize economic acme . 
  a greater harmonization between the practices of the economic and nomismatic archons is basic . 
  parallel to this we have to synchronize and harmonize more and more our economic and nomismatic policies panethnically . 
  these scopes are more practicable now , when the prognostics of the political end economic barometer are halcyonic . 
  the history of our didimus organization on this sphere has been didactic and their gnostic practices will always be a tonic to the polyonymous and idiomorphous ethnical economies . 
  the genesis of the programmed organization will dynamize these policies . 
  therefore , i sympathize , although not without criticism one or two themes with the apostles and the hierarchy of our organs in their zeal to program orthodox economic and nomismatic policies . 
  i apologize for having tyranized you with my hellenic phraseology . 
  in my epilogue i emphasize my eulogy to the philoxenous aytochtons of this cosmopolitan metropolis and my encomium to you kyrie , the stenographers . 
  wow interesting !, 
  really ? 
  toula , soula , boula etc are pretty trashy, 
  it 's more like alaska vs seattle . 
  the difference i 've noted between greek and ` western ' humor is that our jokes tend to run longer as stories , have a lot of flavor and hand waving , and be much dirtier or exaggerated . 
  in contrast , we do n't really do puns that much ( except very few people that only do puns but they are considered less funny ) . 
  there was a time when ` cold ' jokes were in fashion ( dead pan humor and puns ) but i think that 's over now . 
  lots of dark political humor esp . 
  after the crisis . 
  also very loved format is ' a german , an italian and a greek ... ' in which the greek either outsmarts the others or does something stereotypically stupid . 
  lastly , i 've heard many more irreverent or religious dirty jokes in greece than in any other country so there 's that as well . 
  greece an older nouveau rich low level mafia wise guy ( gold chain and all ) that has fallen on hard times and is trying to convince / trick every other member of the show into helping him out . 
  every episode he makes elaborate and ` well ' thought out plans but in the end he ends up even worse off despite his efforts . 
  the episodes end with him reminiscing how much fun all the other people/countries in the neighborhood were having at his summer pool parties and how he slept with half their wives ` to keep the neighbors happy ' . 
  unfortunately you need too many people to even consider recreating a phalanx . 
  [ ancient stuff mostly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dhutkwusdy&amp;ab_channel=georgedrakos ), 
  rome is still south  do people in milano or venice feel the same ? 
  do n't go to america ... 
  that 's greece as well  are you south italian maybe ? 
  french language country music on the radio was so weird, 
  switzerland, 
  i think uk and mediterranean countries have many things in common based on our seafaring outlook and the long history of british presence in the mediterranean . 
  you should make a car that runs on snow then you never need to charge it up there . 
  come on , there are major cities in the eu , what are you talking about ? 
  i think eventually the tech will get there , but for the first part it will prob be something marketed towards big metropolis people . 
  your second , rarely used , expensive , heavily taxed , luxury car or the one you rent for a couple days ? 
  exactly . 
  an electric car as a city car would make great sense . 
  i would love an electric fully automated car to take me around on errands and then go park itself until i call it back . 
  or a free/cheap fleet of them just going around taking citizens to their jobs etc. 
  depends where you live . 
  in my experience most people mostly use their car to go to work and back , to the grocery store and back etc. 
  i think electric cars will initially be used more for inside the city work not travel . 
  and 500 years of owning all of the balkans and living there and all the mixed culture we have . 
  i 'm greek and that 's the first i hear of that . 
  nobody cares if some crazy throws a grenade or blows up a car without victims . 
  i would n't call it a real terrorist attack . 
  yeah but there are so many poor people in the us bringing the median down . 
  also i 'm hoping to be able to move to deutschland next year if everything goes well and my job plans pan out - really looking forward to some eu laws and interaction . 
  not that the us is terrible , it 's just always a tiny little bit off ... 
  yeah i know - imagine my surprise when i moved here from greece 5 yrs ago ( thanks crisis ) . 
  in greece is really common to just send a kid ( like 12 yrs old ) down the corner store or kiosk to pick up a few cold ones for the adults . 
  there are 24h kiosks that even sell hard liquor and wine no problem . 
  and then i get here and it 's gone full puritan . 
  land of the free my ass , 
  because pennsylvania liquor laws !, 
  wine and spirits are to be sold only in the state owned fine wine and good spirits stores , where all prices must remain the same throughout the state ( county sales tax may cause the price to differ slightly ) . 
  beer may only be purchased from a restaurant , bar , licensed beer store , or distributor . 
  six and twelve packs , along with individual bottles such as 40 ounce or 24 ounce beers , are sold at bars , restaurants , and licensed retailers . 
  a license granted to a bar or restaurant permits the licensee to sell up to 192 fluid ounces of beer per purchase . 
  for larger quantities one must go to a beverage distributor which sells beer only by the 12-pack , case or keg . 
  beverage distributors ( which also sell soft drinks ) may sell beer and malt liquor , but not wine or hard liquor . 
  beer distributors mainly sell kegs of beer and cases . 
  a beer distributor is also allowed to sell any package intended for resale by a plcb-approved brewery containing any variety of bottle/can arrangements greater than or equal to 128 ounces . 
  -- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_laws_of_pennsylvania -- so basically there are 3 types of stores : 1 ) wine + spirits : very few of them , state owned , small selection , huge lines , only open specific hours , can not sell beer 2 ) beer distributors : warehouse / bulk looking places can sell a minimum of a 24 bottle case . 
  3 ) bottle shops / bars / pizza-places : they can sell small quantities up to 2 ` six-packs ' i.e. 
  12 bottles of beer ( i 've had them tell me to buy 12 and then walk out the door and come back in to buy 6 more cause i wanted 3 sixpacks ) . 
  nb : note how mini-markets and grocery stores are not mentioned here . 
  yup , you ca n't just pick up a couple beers or a bottle of wine to go with your dinner while you 're doing your grocery shopping :( ----- i do n't know what type of bureocratic ` genius ' thought of these laws but yeah ... 
  your laws are idiotic ? 
  try pa haha - no beer and wine sold at the same place , beer can be sold either in a maximum of 2 six-packs or a minimum of a crate ( different stores ) . 
  crazy opening hours . 
  wine + liquor only sold from dispensaries ... 
  what makes you think the economic situation and the refugee crisis are temporary ? 
  we 're going in for the 6th year of complete economic collapse in the south and of refugees of the ` arab spring ' started coming . 
  we 're in this for the long run esp if the world economy keeps the rollercoaster going . 
  [ basketball in greece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcvaopnnmk0&amp;ab_channel=super3videos ) there is nothing like this atmosphere in the us that i 've seen . 
  their chants are not really good though . 
  i think south americans ( argentina brazil ) have the craziest crowds with chants that are whole damn songs and everyone going crazy ... e.g. 
  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr2nea_mq0s&amp;ab_channel=ultrasavanti, 
  here is a video that shows a big rival game in greece . 
  in game video starts from 6 min . 
  i do n't think american crowds are louder for professional sports . 
  i never been to a big college game though . 
  been there as an away fan once ( uefa cup game ) . 
  it 's loud and it 's almost blood curling it 's weird . 
  lol that 's cute . 
  we 're talking generalized pitched battles with hundreds to thousands of participants ... 
  you should it 's a cool city . 
  try to get the train down to stonehaven and hike up to the ancient castle . 
  then fish & chips at the small fishermen pubs in town . 
  i hope all this is still there have n't been in 12 years :d, 
  try to pick the spring semester though  i did 4 years in north scotland ( aberdeen ) and everyone that came for 1 semester loved it !,
