  you can still drive a foreign car in your country of residence for some period of time ( passing through ) . 
  it might depend on the country . 
  hahahaha :d idk about that man - i might give a point to turkey for food , but i think greece has the upper hand in drinks ( wine etc ), 
  i have no idea . 
  yes we get the same treatment . 
  turkey/arabs are the ` bad ' guys in our history books . 
  when you go to the army they teach you songs and stuff that say how you will kill the turks and burn their towns and take constantinople back . 
  of course it 's all a load of ubernationalist shit , but that 's what we learn . 
  eventually most people unlearn it , go on holidays to turkey or something and realize it 's just normal people etc. 
  most commonly turkey or arab countries . 
  middle of the road , would probably be part of the socialist ( democrat ) party . 
  ( neo ) liberals are considered center/right here . 
  i think the us is in a cold war with russia , which is being continuously escalated . 
  sanctions , syria , ukraine , missile shield , oil-pipe blocking etc. 
  if you remember the old cold war you probably know what i 'm talking about . 
  the us itself is not going to fight russia itself . 
  but russian backed troops ( assad ) are fighting us backed troops ( ` moderate ' guerilla ) right now in aleppo ... so ` we are not at war with russia ' might be `` factually '' right , but we are definitely at war with russia in reality . 
  thinking about it . 
  agreed . 
  you do see many greek people embedding in foreign organizations and working really efficiently though . 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  greeks are lazy . 
  we work more hours than other eu countries , often in terrible conditions , and for little pay . 
  then europeans come to our country and go to our holiday areas and see some of us on holidays and instantly assume that everyone is on holidays or slacking 24/7 . 
  i think our worst is patsas which is a soup made out of the intestines and organs of pig / lamb . 
  it smells like death but it tastes soooo good esp after adding a special vinegar/garlic sauce . 
  because of the smell it 's much only served in special stores that are open only late at night . 
  it 's our traditional drunk food . 
  why were they egging on the ukrainians then ? 
  it 's ok . we 're not at war with russia , the us and the germans are thinking about it . 
  in greece it 's illegal but if you 're just staying overnight nobody usually cares . 
  just dont do it in obvious view of any hotel or village that is not cool with it . 
  if you see locals camping it 's probably safe . 
  but organized camps are everywhere and super cheap . 
  bring more t-shirts , you will get wet , sweaty etc and you might not be able to wash your clothes all the time . 
  you do n't want to spend all your holidays hunting down laundromat ? 
  in the us you are usually not allowed to alter your rented home . 
  most people ( a ) do not want to ` improve ' someone else 's property and/or ( b ) are afraid that their landlord will sue them . 
  i think op extrapolates some ideas from us mentality to euro mentality that are not necessarily true . 
  in the us ( at least in philly ) they are called ` community gardens ' . 
  you get a spot ( in the us you rent it of course ) and you can grow plants , veggies etc. 
  what worth is life if you do not know how to live it ? 
  yeah well we are not that different after all ... 
  the dorm next door is on fire , we have a feeling it was the american dorm on the other side of us that started it , but not sure . 
  in any case there are a bunch of people streaming out of it . 
  they 've been camping out my window for a while . 
  they are coming in through my window , they are hungry and i have no food or money . 
  germany keeps shouting from the 5th floor window that we should all open the doors and allocate them . 
  my neighbour that i do n't talk to and claims he should own my livingroom has barricaded his door and is holding a stick . 
  i know that the whole 4th floor is barricaded ( hungary , croatia , austria ) . 
  they are baking something delicious up there i can often smell the ovens . 
  germany took a couple guys the other day and now is complaining that one of them got drunk , teased his girlfriend and had a fight with another guy . 
  he has stopped shouting from the window lately . 
  but the building next door is still burning . 
  and the people still coming . 
  and i still have no money , no food in the fridge and i have a feeling germany is gon na cut my heating this winter cause i do n't pay my full rent . 
  or ` muh gunz ' !, 
  have no money but have a better time than anyone else in the dorm , play backgammon at 3am with my friends and never go to class , impromptu drunken dancing and 4 hour long dinners with wine , openly smoke in the dorm corridors , still pass all classes by cramming last minute and gaming the system to guess what the questions will be , have visitors , friends and family come over all the time and they all have to stay in my room even though it 's against regulations . 
  football matches are different . 
  these are elaborate ritualistic displays of mass hysteria . 
  getting drunk and punching someone for a laugh , well ... 
  puking on yourself at 22:00 on a friday and then trying to punch a random person in the line to a fried potato shop - this is my understanding of barbarism . 
  i 've seen way more bar fights in ` civilized ' western europe than in eastern europe . 
  but when it has to do with big scale organized violence ( war etc ) yeah, 
  it is  a greek , a serb , an albanian and a turk - then we 're talking . 
  denmark is hella expensive . 
  france , belgium , germany depends a lot on the city . 
  i would pick the university i want to go to and then take it from there . 
  please do n't see erasmus as a 100 % ` holiday ' as many do . 
  there is lots to be learned about other cultures etc and you will have a great time but also try to learn from classes etc. 
  it is often a great opportunity for relatively ` stress free ' learning . 
  in greece we sip tsipouro or raki out of them . 
  speak the language , eat the food , drink the drinks and be cool . 
  toronto, 
  yeah i 've been in barcelona , not for xmas though . 
  what you are explaining is not out of the norm for any city . 
  most most most bars etc will be closed . 
  tourists will go there and walk around the town , will find some beautiful sights , parks , buildings to see , will find somewhere to go and something to do . 
  but in case barcelona is some kind of extreme case of close everything for xmas then op might want to buy some cans of food and bottled water . 
  christmas is a global high-point of travelling - thousands travel during that period . 
  in almost all countries , there are days during the christmas holidays that things close down . 
  locals are with their families , and tourists take the day to walk around the city with calm , enjoy the sights etc. 
  it is completely normal behaviour and will not be different in barcelone , paris or edinburgh or any other place . 
  also i have a feeling that in the more touristy areas of barcelona , things might be a bit different from what they are in a residential area . 
  if you think that the correct answer is ` do not travel during christmas because shops are closed ' then go for it . 
  ok op : do n't go to barcelona , go to athens - there will be bars and restaurants open and we have nice weather . 
  apparently in barcelona there is nothing to see around the city when the shops are closed . 
  walk around , enjoy the city , see a museum , eat some food etc. 
  what do tourists usually do ? 
  you will have to make some choices . 
  warm weather or cold weather and touristy or non-touristy . 
  i would say warm weather touristy = rome , ~ ~ barcelona ~ ~ ^ ( do ^ not ^ go ^ there , ^ there ^ is ^ not ^ food , ^ no ^ bars ^ no ^ restaurants , ^ wild ^ gangs ^ roam ^ the ^ streets ^ and ^ eat ^ tourists !, 
  ^ despair ^ and ^ avoid ^ barcelona ) , venice , cinque terre , florence etc warm weather non-touristy = greece , southern spain , southern france cold touristy = switzerland , paris , london , prague , amsterdam etc ( all the big destinations ) cold non touristy = poland , baltics , scotland , slovenia , austria ( very xmasy place ) , belgium , germany -- i think after you make this decision , you have to find a reason to go somewhere . 
  pick the cheapest one , and find some kind of lesser known interesting monument in the countryside . 
  then you get a target  enjoy . 
  if you are a foreigner and you call fyrom ` macedonia ' you will probably get an earful of 90s propaganda from any greek within earshot . 
  most people call them ` skopje ' ( since fyrom is weird ) . 
  few people let it slide but in general its not something you want to mess with especially in northern greece ( i.e. 
  the greek region of macedonia ) . 
  i personally call them macedonia usually unless i 'm in public or with people i know will get offended .
