  it 's a stupid meaningless nationalist fight on both sides , and nothing gets the blood flowing like a completely meaningless fight . 
  the most probable right now is catalan independence . 
  interesting , did n't know that . 
  in greece we do not have ` jelly ' . 
  we have things that are more similar to marmalade mostly . 
  i see . 
  czechia sounds good . 
  or czechland ( or whatever you call the country in your own language ), 
  in greece we say \u03a4\u03c3\u03b5\u03c7\u03af\u03b1 ( czechia ) almost always . 
  we do n't call countries like ` the french republic ' etc. 
  i have no idea why czech in english became czech republic . 
  western union could work . 
  israel plays in all the european sports leagues in football , basketball etc. 
  even eurovision . 
  for germany : https://www.daad.de/deutschland/studienangebote/studiengang/en/ but i think you should talk to your university 's international office etc and ask if they have some connections . 
  what do you mean you ca n't find a program ? 
  almost every university has a biochemistry degree . 
  do you need specific subjects or something ? 
  yes i was thinking about the russian countries . 
  i guess germanic people play football or ice hockey instead ( or rugby or just drink during the winter ), 
  london usually . 
  but buy a return ticket its way cheaper, 
  nothing is unsafe right now and honestly i do n't predict it being unsafe by august and if anything serious happens it will be concentrates in athens . 
  the only issue right now is that atm machines are running out of bank notes because there is a bank run happening . 
  so if you bring cash and a credit card you 'll be fine . 
  do n't cancel and do n't read tabloids . 
  civil war ? 
  seriously ? 
  stem degrees study abroad all the time . 
  do you have any specific options to choose from ? 
  yes russians do that as well afaik . 
  hi american friend . 
  the question is : `` it varies a lot '' . 
  although football ( soccer ) is the top sport in almost every country in europe ( maybe with the exception of israel and lithuania ) for most other countries basketball is a second or third sport . 
  in general , countries on the mediterranean ( spain , italy , france , greece , croatia , serbia , turkey , israel ) are really into it . 
  also countries of the ex-ussr ( russia , lithuania mostly but also the other ones to an extent ) are really into it . 
  the germans are decent and are getting involved but not traditionally . 
  the brits , benelux , scandinavians and central europeans are not involved at all . 
  a good rule of thumb is : if it is too dry to grow grass or too cold to be outside half the year then bball is a good sport for you . 
  else everyone plays football instead . 
  i hope i could see things as you do . 
  there are many people that are conscious and anti-racist , but i have the feeling that a huge part of society is just plain racist . 
  in my experience , the difference between greece and the us ( and i 've lived in the us in racially tense areas ) - the difference is huge in how people act and perceive foreigners and people of color . 
  i did n't think greece was so racist either when i lived there . 
  i saw the difference now and i can see it clear as day . 
  so you have personally witnessed all that but you still think there is no racism ? 
  or ( maybe ) you are too used to the ` base ' level of racism in the area that it does n't seem weird to you ? 
  i know there is a class ( income ) undercurrent in the oppression system that works in the greek countryside , but a lot of it has to do with race ( or more correctly ethnic origin since most of the oppressed are/used to be also white non-greeks ) . 
  just ask yourself : how many of the guys in your town would be ok with it if their immediate boss was pakistani ? 
  how many would not feel weird if their daughter brought an albanian or a romanian to be married ? 
  i feel like the majority of white greeks feel people of color ( blacks and south asians specifically ) are inferior until proven differently . 
  i heard it from the guy directly ( that was telling it to me completely shocked ) and if your name is accurate it did n't happen very far from where you are . 
  the third one was extremely racist . 
  what would have happened if the guy was not indian but pakistani ? 
  the guy talking to him was an obvious islamophobe ( ok maybe not technically race but you know what i mean ) and did n't feel like it was a big deal . 
  i mean everyone wants all muslims dead right ? 
  to contrast with the us , if this happened in the us the guy would have been fired on the spot no questions asked . 
  oh ok , japanese ( and other east asians ) almost never have any problems . 
  some locals have beef with some chinese shop owners but these are very specific situations . 
  japanese tourists are very highly regarded in europe ( they pay well and are generally more respectful than western europeans / americans ) . 
  you would be perfectly fine everywhere . 
  i have 3 stories about racism in greece that is not obvious to us white greeks . 
  1 ) i have a black friend ( born and raised in athens ) . 
  he has been asked a 100 times ` where you from ? ', 
  ( athens ) ` do you have papers ? ', 
  ( i 'm from here ) ` you speak the language very well ' ( i fucking grew up 2 streets from here you idiot ) . 
  of course always targeted by police to ask for papers etc. 
  2 ) indian big multinational company guy visiting a smaller town where they had a factory . 
  a ( different ) friend was tasked by the company to get him a nice hotel room etc. 
  he books the suite in one of the nicest hotels in town . 
  after the guest arrives and is settled , the hotelier takes my friend to the side and tells him ` why you booked the best room for this one ? 
  i _ keep _ mine with the animals and they seem happy ' ( alluding to the workers he _ owns _ working the fields in the area ) . 
  3 ) indian it guy working for a big multinational tasked to help with the ` rationalization ' of a public sector company . 
  lunch break with other it members , the typical ` garbage ' worker ( does no work , just chats all day with a frappe in hand ) approaches their table and goes directly to him ` where you from ? ' . 
  the guy is taken aback . 
  ` where you from ? ', 
  ( india ) ` aaaah . 
  india good !, 
  you kill pakistan ?? 
  good !, 
  no pakistan no muslim - you kill , good ! ', 
  we can be very used to such behaviours but imagine dealing with them in an every day basis, 
  ( some bad language in my post ) asian as in east asian or as in south asian ? 
  most south asians ( indians , pakistanis , bangladeshis ) are considered right away as ` gypsies ' or ` pakis ' and are treated with much less respect . 
  the stereotype are that they are dirty . 
  you will probably not have a problem if you are an obvious tourist , but i had issues with a couple friends ( indian-british ) that were visiting me and i took them to a football game with some locals approaching and asking them if they are ` gypsies ' , which area are they from etc. 
  but once i told them they are british it was ok . a group of a few dark looking guys walking into a bar will turn heads . 
  i do n't think that anyone will be violent but you have a feeling there is a lot of underlying racism . 
  also : none of this applies to asian women - they are considered completely fine ( surprisingly ) . 
  in general if you look like a very obvious tourist , people will be friendly towards your capacity as a tourist . 
  but they will never consider you a ` real person ' if you want to live there . 
  i also think that continental europe ( esp southern europe and eastern europe ) have a much more overtly xenophobic population . 
  in britain almost nobody bats an eye if a black man walks in a bar ( in most places ) . 
  you wo n't see the same in greece for example . 
  has she lived in the us ? 
  for comparison . 
  i think he has a point . 
  if i was not white i would avoid living in europe for sure . 
  and i 'm european have lived in both places ( europe and us ) . 
  not true .
