i guarantee you even if those extreme measures were taken against potential terrorists , there will always be danger from lone wolves types of terrorists . 
  this flavor of a terrorist is not in contact with others of his ilk and thus he slips under the radar . 
  how do you deal with that kind of a threat ? 
  sadly , these things will continue to happen in france , it is inevitable . 
  police/secret service will never be capable of stopping every attack . 
  because the money goes directly to various african dictators who then simply transfer it to some bank in the west.we need to do what the chinese are doing , building infrastructure and making jobs.what is your solution if i may ask ? 
  well , i suppose we had enough of peace for the last 25 years , might as well start another war . 
  fallout and call of duty provide far too little immersion for me . 
  long term , europe needs to start helping african countries . 
  not out of good will but solely to stop the waves of economic immigrants that will be pouring in europe.take the money that is spent on immigrant in europe and give it to people in kenya or nigeria and it will be used far more effectively . 
  also , make sure that money goes to infrastructure and not into the local warlord pocket . 
  sultanate of kebabistan, 
  as a croat , i have to say this whole `` slovenia is tiny '' joke is idiotic . 
  sure , it is not the biggest of countries but it is by far one of the most peaceful countries of europe with people who have a strong sense of hospitality . 
  i suppose it will be fascinating in a way to observe how multicultural countries like france will function in coming decades . 
   `` that 's why we do n't have the right to ask why the west is so ahead of us , '' finally , some leader in islamic world has the guts to say the truth . 
  it brought me great joy as a croat and therefore of slavic origin to play the witcher series.it is truly the first large attempt to present to world the richness of slavic mythology , something that even so many slavs themselves know so little about.you know , even if i am a cynical person , sometimes i hope that one day , all slavic people will sit down as brothers and sisters and sing and dance and get drunk without our historical hatred towards each other . 
  what is fascinating is that this `` far right '' is not even that far to the right to begin with , especially compared to literally every non-western country in the world.i think it is very naive and eurocentric that we label ourselves so easily as far right , fascist and never bother to look at wider world where those `` far right '' policies are the norm . 
  it is tragic that ukraine has size , population , cultural and natural wealth that is capable of making a truly prosperous country that is a regional power . 
  unfortunately for people of ukraine , their country has become chess board between america and russia . 
  seems like erdogan is going full ottoman . 
  the flames of war in syria and iraq will be spread , it is quite possible that turkey will soon have its very own `` turk spring '' . 
  let us make austro-hungarian empire magnificent again !, 
  let us be honest , any human rights council which has saudi arabia as a member is concerned about human rights just as sauron is . 
  while it is a aspiring nato member , most of average folk and large serb population do seem more fond of russia than nato . 
  western balkans have always been a smaller version of europe . 
  croatia and slovenia are bastions of pro-european feelings . 
  serbia and montenegro are bastions of pro-russian orthodox feelings . 
  bosnia and albania are bastions of pro-turkish feelings . 
  i will be honest with you all , first pirates of the caribbean movie was the best , everything else was just meh . 
  poland is one of those countries that gets far too little coverage considering how rich its culture and history are . 
  wishing you continuous prosperity , poles !, 
  well , i played fallout , stalker and metro . 
  so yeah , i am prepared for nuclear shitstorm . 
  copying my comment from another sub on same subject . 
  it is all about cause and effect . 
  the traditional voting bastion of the european left was always the working class.with the fall of soviet union , european left decided to abandon their economic policies or perhaps focus on them less and less as time went by . 
  domain of economy was surrendered completely into the hands of neoliberals.thus the european left needed new platform on which they could win votes.they found that in identity politics . 
  obviously , that alone does not matters that much to average european in the long run . 
  seems like the balkans got annexed by restored ottoman empire . 
  reconquista when , my fellow balkanites ? 
  battle of helm 's deep , balkans . 
  http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/5/5d/battleofszigetvar.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20141207103338 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_szigetv%c3%a1r, 
   but in terms of raw numbers , the terror threat hanging over europeans today is no greater than the one their parents faced . 
  humans are emotional beings . 
  terrorism is a game of probabilities and terrorism creates an intimacy between terror and us . 
  it causes us to think of where we were at the time of an attack and how close we came to being in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  throwing numbers at people with assurances that they are more likely to die from shark attack than terrorist one is a wonderfully naive and meaningless action . 
  so you are fundamentally going back to something that could be a mix of neo-ottomanism plus islamism ? 
  sadly this shit is still acceptable and promoted in many places of the world . 
  and that is relevant how ? 
  correct , it is disgusting . 
  if you desire to put women in the back of the bus or enforce any law or cultural custom that promotes the view of women as inferior to men , you are in the wrong continent . 
  i have always lamented that slavic mythology and folklore is so little known not only across the world but in various slavic countries as well . 
  we learn about greek , egyptian and nordic mythologies and while they are indeed beautiful , it is a shame that so little time is devoted to slavic mythology . 
   the measures concern human rights activists , who argue that stripping citizenship could be counterproductive or produce stateless people ( though in most cases the suspect tends to be a dual national ) . 
  from where is this pathological altruism coming from ? 
  i simply can not comprehend how can some people protest so much whether a person who was planning a terrorist attack to butcher other human beings ends up with revoked citizenship . 
  if you went to fight for islamic state , there is no place for you anywhere in europe . 
  if you desire to butcher europeans , there is no place for you anywhere in europe . 
  actually , this is the perfect timing , from a islamist point of view . 
  europe which is fundamentally subservient to american geopolitical interests . 
  that photo with lenin and trotsky is amazing . 
  question for russians , how are lenin and trotsky perceived in russia today ? 
  well , they do require more people for geopolitical reasons . 
  government of israel is funding aliyah across the entire world , calling upon all jewish people to immigrate to israel . 
  israel claims that in the long run , those jews who remain outside of israel , remain at danger of potential repeat of history . 
  to a certain degree you are correct . 
  everybody was invading and conquering everybody else . 
  so yes , the borders did not matter in that sense . 
  that is why they matter today . 
  this will sound cynical but i think no matter the ideology croatian elites embrace , their true ideology will always be `` steal everything that you can steal '' . 
  of course . 
  history is a bit longer than our western concept of a nation state . 
  borders are a geographic boundaries of political entities , no matter how those political entities are structured . 
  do you think that european union will last forever ? 
  everything has its end . 
  when the eu end comes , no matter whether that end comes in a year or a two hundred years , the borders will matter like they have over the entire human history . 
  why do you doubt that ? 
  that is simply a historical power play in the balkan region . 
  it has happened before . 
  the leadership of turkey has already said in the last few years that they will defend bosniaks if some threat to them arises . 
   if not , there is n't much the bosniaks can do really . 
  there is turkey , a rising regional powerhouse with a pseudo sultan at the helm . 
  they would come to help bosniaks for sure . 
  that is the main reason why the west fears any potential secession of republika srpska from bih . 
  it would create borders that are simply not feasible in the long run , therefore war would be the only option left . 
  [ what a lovely day !, 
  my thanks for your effort . 
  i am really interested about this `` ambivalent ukraine '' though . 
  i suppose that is a potential powder keg in the future . 
  honestly , not to get into political debate with anyone , i will just say that i am truly sad to say that the future of ukraine looks very bleak to me . 
  which is a sorrow because the region has so much potential but various geopolitical powers and internal corruption will destroy any hope for the brighter future of ukraine . 
  then what ? 
  install another oligarch who will continue to steal the living fuck out of everything that he can get his hands on while the america and european union look on with puppy eyes at ukrainian people ? 
  as is tradition . 
  it 's super effective !, 
  i have seen the east of the east and the west of the west and the poles ruled all that i saw . 
  historical revisionism . 
  science has proven that nikola tesla was a native american , a member of apache tribe .
