   `` the book mentions the details of the nuptial night . 
  it mentions ` the right of sexual exploitation ' , obedience to the husband , and it says that ` the good woman is one who is obedient ' , that a woman can not go out without the knowledge of her husband , and that she must wear flirtatious dresses and try to please her husband when he beats her . 
  honestly , this is beyond disgusting . 
  can anyone from turkey comment on this ? 
  that is a amazing comparison , spot on . 
  these types of bait articles should not even be allowed here , no matter whether they are pro-trump or pro-clinton . 
  it appears that balkan powder keg is once again being ignited by various powers . 
  [ my feelings ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/christ_in_the_wilderness_-_ivan_kramskoy_-_google_cultural_institute.jpg ), 
  glorious poles , ukrainians and croats making a last stand against the january hordes !, 
  well , when you take a collection of people who may not value women rights as much as average german does and you place them in germany , it is obvious someone is going to feel unsafer . 
  well , there are no arranged marriages in croatia , thank god . 
  there is a fine line between wishing your people to live on and going nuclear on personal freedoms . 
  not to mention that with more and more terrorist attacks in europe , you will be giving up on your personal freedoms anyway . 
  desire to see croats living in croatia in future . 
  a wish that croatian culture exists in future . 
  a sentimental reason but a reason nonetheless . 
  well , when you take a collection of people who may not value women rights as much as average german does and you place them in germany , it is obvious someone is going to feel unsafer . 
   an individual has no reason to care about nationwide birthrate statistics , really ? 
  do not show europeans our secret super weapon !, 
  bura must remain a secret until the stars are right and croats awaken to conquer europa !, 
  what is sad is that these measures should not be voting promises but standard procedure to curb saudi salafist ideology in europe . 
  this is honestly tragic , turkey is truly going in the same direction like many other middle eastern countries . 
  stay safe . 
  these maps are really becoming a bit lame . 
  find something new . 
  the second picture of entire class ? 
  making prayer in islamic way is a bit retarded , especially when teachers seem to bursting with joy . 
  correct , there is no grand conspiracy , just plain indifference and incompetence . 
  hussars , saving europe since 1683 . 
  click at 2:30 in the video , these are not kids but grown men . 
   i think the civilised countries are starting to give up on religion , and what i have seen agnosticism is increasing and not decreasing . 
  you truly think that when country turns civilized they just magically give up on their religion ? 
  maybe in europe but that will never happen in middle east , asia or africa . 
   thomson 's book is based on more than two years of repeated interviews with 20 subjects provided in face-to-face meetings in prisons , homes , and kebab shops in france , and over the phone , including operatives in syria . 
  the author , who over the past decade has spoken to more than 100 mainly french but also tunisian and belgian jihadis , paints a picture , using their own words , of fighters who were seduced by the idea of a hedonistic , violent , and transcendental experience , which thomson calls `` lol jihad , '' and who have returned from the caliphate often disappointed , typically unrepentant , and in some cases ready to do it all again . 
   `` charlie [ hebdo ] was the most beautiful day of my life . 
  ... i would so much like it to happen again , '' says lena , one of thomson 's more bloodthirsty subjects . 
  `` and i hope a sister will undertake the next targeted attack . ''  les revenants includes interviews with diverse subjects , some free and many in prison . 
  there are young zealots of north african background , like safiya , who left for syria but have returned to france and re-resumed openly smoking , a habit that would have cost her 40 lashes in islamic state territory . 
  yet she is already talking about leaving again -- not to syria this time , but to yemen . 
  `` i ca n't bring myself to stay in france '' she says . 
  `` i hate france . 
  i do n't feel like i have a place . '' then there is kevin , a 21-year-old former catholic choirboy from brittany . 
  he converted at age 14 ; by 17 he was in syria ; and now he is hoping to journey back to france to join the four wives and six children he acquired in the caliphate . 
  he is currently imprisoned in turkey . 
  the cast includes former high school students , casual workers , ex-french army , and the strange case of a doctor couple who declared they spent several months working for the islamic state in raqqa with their daughters , not because they were supporters but because they wanted to rescue their son . 
  i was always fascinated by caucasian region and if i am not wrong , are not circassians attempting to resettle their former lands and recreate circassia or is that pure fiction ? 
  croatia part of glorious papal empire !, 
  now send money . 
  england , france and germany are not situated at area that could be called crossroads of civilizations , balkans are . 
  sretna nova godina to you all from croatia !, 
   `` we thank you , oh monolith , for revealing the cunning plans of your enemies to us . 
   may your light shine down on the souls of the brave soldiers who gave their lives in service to your will . 
   onward warriors of the monolith , avenge your fallen brothers , blessed as they are in their eternal union with the monolith . 
  bring death to those who spurned the holy power of the monolith oh monolith , we do not hear you , why have you left us , oh monolith ? 
  we await your orders , oh monolith . '', 
   according to the u.n. high commissioner for refugees , around 180,000 migrants have arrived in italy by sea over the past year using the central mediterranean migration route from north africa . 
  this is up from the approximately 154,000 in 2015 , and confirms that italy has surpassed greece as the eu country with the highest number of arrivals from the mediterranean . 
  around 173,000 migrants arrived in greece , well below the over 856,000 of 2015 . 
   after the eu migrant deal with turkey started implementation in march 2016 , the extraordinary flow of migrants to greece dramatically decreased . 
  however , the central mediterranean route from libya and its neighbors to italy continued to be used , with numbers fluctuating according to the season . 
  italy saw a particular spike in october and november 2016 , but the rest of the year was comparable to previous years . 
   migrants have been using this route for years to reach italy and the european union . 
  many of those arriving are economic migrants from sub-saharan africa , from countries such as nigeria , gambia , guinea , senegal , somalia and eritrea . 
  italy has repeatedly been accused of ignoring the european union 's dublin regulations , which dictate that it must register and keep migrants within its territory . 
  officials instead say that italy has been allowing migrants to transit through the country to reach other eu countries . 
  italy retorts that it does not get enough assistance from other eu member states . 
  in response , some of italy 's neighbors , such as france and austria , have sporadically introduced border controls . 
   maritime operations to rescue immigrants in the mediterranean have not managed to effectively deter the illegal transport of migrants across the mediterranean . 
  and they also can not be stopped at the source : in spite of attempts , libya lacks a stable government with which the european union could negotiate measures to manage flows . 
  while the eu deal with turkey to prevent migrants from reaching greece is working , the bloc is struggling to reach similar agreements with countries of origin and transit in africa . 
   thus italy has resumed its place as the main destination for migrants trying to reach the european union . 
  this is particularly troubling at a time when security and terrorism concerns are increasingly linked to migration in public opinion . 
  after the recent terrorist attack in berlin , italy 's anti-establishment five star movement leader , beppe grillo , wrote on his blog that it is time for italy to protect itself . 
  he said that immigration to italy is out of control and terrorists are transiting through italy and across europe thanks to the free movement of people in the schengen zone . 
  he proposed to suspend schengen in the event of terrorist attacks , increase deportations of migrants and reform the dublin regulations . 
   these statements suggest that the five star movement is joining other anti-system and euroskeptic parties in their criticism of immigration and the free movement of people . 
  the dutch freedom party leader demanded closed borders on dec. 28 , following previous comments by french national front 's marine le pen and italian northern league 's matteo salvini . 
  with elections taking place in several eu countries in 2017 , the migration crisis will remain in the spotlight . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  refugees are already a political tool or a weapon if used accordingly , just take a look at erdogan . 
   poland 's history can easily be summed up as a continuous struggle against invasions and divisions . 
  the country 's geopolitical significance stems from its location between russia and germany . 
  we have written about the challenges that both russia and germany will face in 2017 ; these challenges also pose unique problems for poland , which is economically and militarily vulnerable . 
  recent developments have also helped poland lay the groundwork for its eventual emergence as a regional power , as stated in our 2040 forecast . 
   considering poland 's relatively small economy , which gives it more room to maneuver , the decline in german exports could become an opportunity for poland to maintain and increase its export competitiveness . 
  technology transfers have accompanied western investment in the country , and with continued support for national research and innovation and its relatively well educated and cheap workforce , poland could remain competitive on the global market . 
  one major challenge poland faces in the medium to long term is its demographic situation , which limits its potential because the country has the second fastest aging population in europe . 
  but the success of socio-economic policies that drive competitiveness is dependent on political stability . 
   with western europe disinclined to prioritize any potential russian threats , poland is slowly acting as a small regional leader by working with countries to establish and support common initiatives such as defense against russia . 
  within the eu , poland will continue to be the leading voice of eastern europe , distancing itself from the eu 's western european members . 
  warsaw has been the main challenger of the nord stream 2 pipeline project proposed by russia , effectively blocking it when the country 's anti-monopoly agency stopped the formation of the project 's consortium . 
  seeing that belarus wanted to improve relations with the eu to access european markets , and considering belarus ' dependence on russia 's slowing economy , warsaw has worked to improve ties with minsk . 
  polish deputy prime minister mateusz morawiecki met with belarusian president alexander lukashenko in october and said a new chapter in polish-belarusian relations had been opened . 
  the two countries have economic incentives to develop closer ties , and poland will likely take advantage . 
   trapped between russia and germany , poland is aware of russia 's increasing assertiveness and nato 's challenges , including its members ' differing security interests . 
  in the short term , poland will likely feel the impact of germany 's economic slowdown . 
  adaptation to the new reality of a declining western europe will not be easy or fast . 
  the current administration will continue to seek the right balance between extending control over the economy and political institutions , and making sure its public approval ratings remain high . 
  considering the country 's defense imperatives , warsaw will keep building strong ties with the u.s. and develop its regional leadership posture by working with eastern europeans on different levels .
