  we would never be able to create federalism along the lines of us . 
  the reason is fundamentally very simple . 
  europe is a collection of various nations , various cultures and languages . 
  there is no such thing in america . 
  but what truly defines a nation or group of people in my humble opinion is whether they shall share common fate . 
  at the end of day , french people will not share the same fate of the finnish people . 
  german people will not share the same fate of the greek people . 
  polish people will not share the same fate of the spanish people . 
  contrast this with america . 
  americans will share their fate , whether good or bad , the very geopolitics of american continent will make it so . 
  leadership of belarus has been for quite a while debating whether they should abandon russia and attempt to move closer to european union . 
  i have read reports over the years at various american geopolitical think-tanks that belarus has actually far more chance of joining the european union than ukraine . 
  that is the power of media for you . 
  iran does fund various shia groups such as hezbollah but they almost never attack westerners . 
  those groups are more used to counter saudi wahhabi influence that is spreading across the world . 
  ironically enough , 99 % of all terrorist acts in the west are committed by people influenced by wahhabi ideology . 
  but fuck that , let us rather focus on iran . 
  iran is a threat to world numba 1 !, 
   the truth is that eastern europe belongs less to the geography recorded in road atlases than to psychogeography . 
  it is n't really a place , but a state of mind . 
   eastern europe does n't just hide at the end of rural lanes like faulkner 's yoknapatawpha county . 
  it appears and disappears like doctor who 's telephone booth . 
  the best way to enter it is through its literature . 
   eastern european fiction , by and large , has been about the capriciousness of fate , the inescapability of history , and the general absurdity of life . 
  it has been shaped by a history of sudden reversals , thwarted ambitions , and unhappy surprises . 
  in fact , the eastern european legacy of domination , repression , and unexpected terror is so deep , and has affected its authors so profoundly , that it has bled into their very idea of consciousness and sense of narrative form . 
  honestly , i always felt a strong sense of melancholy hiding beneath rough exterior was a defining characteristic of all eastern europeans . 
  what is the balkan if not a primordial soup of chaos ? 
  honestly , i do not think leadership in croatia sees serbia as a threat . 
  we do not have any real disputes between us . 
  we may not like each other due to our history but at the moment what are our real problems ? 
  none as far as i can tell . 
  bih is a potential powder keg but that is another story for another day . 
  i meant various reasons why some regions vote for le pen , some for macron , some for fillon ? 
  so , can anyone from france be kind enough and explain these results/regions for those of us who are uninitiated to french politics ? 
  interesting poll results . 
  i have read reports saying that generation z is becoming very socially conservative which would be very contrary to this poll . 
  source ] ( http://www.marcomm.news/gen-z-is-the-most-conservative-generation-since-those-born-before-1945/ ) [ 2 . 
  source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/2016/09/17/how-modern-teenagers-are-rebelling-against-their-parents-by-bein/ ), 
   in their mission statement , the group proclaims it 's their goal to `` wake up the silent majority '' in favor of european ideals . 
  i often see this phrase , the european ideals . 
  sometimes it is called european values . 
  but to this day i have never seen anyone define those ideals or values . 
  it seems to me that those values usually mean wild unrestricted immigration from the world to europe and upholding the status quo , nothing more . 
  there was a national geographic issue a while back titled `` the new europeans '' . 
  in entire article , they continually preach the mantra that european values mean openness to immigration and courage to embrace diversity . 
  i understand that people want to help others in need , that is good . 
  that is empathy . 
  but empathy without intelligence is fundamentally idiotic . 
  good decision . 
  i never understood people who claimed beating their kids will make kids better . 
  how about i beat the living shit out of you ? 
  fundamentally , it is very simple . 
  iranians have every right to demand that foreigners respect their laws and culture . 
  ` when in rome , do as the romans do ' . 
  but that same right also have all countries in europe . 
  whether they enforce that right is up to individual and collective consciousness of country . 
  interesting video and point of view . 
  of course the western media is propaganda , no matter where they fall on political spectrum . 
  but to be honest , media of every country in the world is also propaganda , for media is simply another tool of the elite . 
  probably the most effective tool to be frank . 
  take a look at chinese media , what is that if not one enormous propaganda machine ? 
  what are russian or american media if not enormous propaganda machines for the elites of their countries ? 
  that is simply the way of the world . 
  turkey is no different . 
  he is correct in many points though . 
  from usage of minority movements that are funded by foreign interests which could not care less about the minority in question but are using them for various geopolitical goals . 
  there is nothing new under the sun . 
  while the leadership of belarus has shown anger towards moscow since the whole ukraine thing began , i honestly doubt this is anything but attempt to get more russian funding into belarus . 
  why attempt to realign now ? 
  trump is in office , his focus will be china and iran , not russia . 
  european union is not exactly at prime point either , with elections coming in various important countries soon , i truly doubt anyone will jump to help belarus . 
  there is quite a difference between public opinion in croatia compared to france or germany for example . 
  our society , no matter where you fall on political spectrum , almost universally does not accept wild immigration from the world . 
  also , to be honest , we are not a rich nation and thus is our welfare small . 
  our last prime minister , who is a leftist by the way , said this `` croatia has a heart but we have a brain too ! '', 
  when asked about immigration topic . 
  it is hilarious how people speak their true opinions when given the option to remain anonymous . 
  if these polls were public , many of those who would want to ban immigration would probably reverse their opinions out of fear of social isolation . 
   and why exactly hungary , bulgaria and poland out of all countries have been singled out ? 
  historical prejudice of western europeans towards eastern europeans , that is all . 
  douglas murray is in my humble opinion one of the best debaters one can find in the political arena . 
  his views are very reasonable and systematically backed by facts . 
  he is a conservative , but in a sense that he seeks to protect liberal order of western societies , not to see them transform into something that has no connection to the west . 
   they make this subreddit look far left hippies far left ? 
  not really . 
  hippy and naive to almost absurd degree sometimes ? 
  absolutely . 
  africa is a continent , many places are urbanized and industrialized , take a look at nigeria , namibia or botswana . 
  they still retain high fertility rates . 
  this is honestly very grim situation , when overwhelming majority of european nations do not have even replacement level fertility rates , it is not a most stable foundation for the future of those nations . 
   i can get for e europe , poverty makes marriage and giving birth one of last things to care about . 
  africa is poor , yet their fertility rates are highest in the world . 
  but not only china , various asian countries are rising and it is inevitable that some of them will challenge what was up to now a western hegemony across the globe . 
  correct , `` european values '' are a myth , nothing more . 
  we have seen this over and over again . 
   `` we 're the last defense from the russians -- if they come here , nothing will protect the eu further , '' says bondarenko . 
  yeah , no . 
   `` unfortunately , the eu is not ready to accept us as a member , and we 're not ready yet to become a member of the eu , '' says andriy artemenko , an opposition politician , adding ukraine must first get its own house in order . 
  he is correct .
