   poland usually only makes mainstream news in the west when it has conflict with the eu over specific policies or when massive government protests erupt . 
  the much more subtle and important thing to be aware of is how poland is beginning to behave like a small regional leader . 
  warsaw will see increased tensions with western europe , and germany in particular , partly due to economic problems , but mostly because of diverging views on security priorities . 
  increased russian assertiveness will force poland to invest in and make the most of regional alliances . 
   first , there is the growing number of economically underperforming muslim youths in europe . 
  this is traditionally a pool from which extremist groups recruit , and hegghammer writes that this population looks set to continue to grow dramatically thanks to immigration and higher birth rates . 
  entrenched economic disadvantages will likely stop many young muslims from gaining the full benefits of modern european societies . 
   the second , more important trend is the growing number of `` jihadi entrepreneurs '' -- returned foreign fighters and other activists -- who could inspire and recruit a new generation of european extremists . 
  hegghammer conservatively estimates there are now at least 2,000 radical islamists in europe with foreign fighter experience , time in prison , or both . 
  while some may turn away from jihadism in the future , a small proportion will not . 
   the third and fourth factors relate not just to europe , but to the broader world . 
  hegghammer suggests that persistent conflicts in the middle east , north africa and south asia look `` set to supply european jihadis with both rallying causes and training opportunities for the foreseeable future , as it has in the past . '' many experts believe that the conflict in syria may still have a long way to go and that groups like the islamic state will be very hard to fully defeat . 
  the group could be training and blooding potential european attackers for years to come . 
   compounding this problem is the final factor : the internet . 
  the internet has considerable benefits for extremist groups , hegghammer suggests , serving as a tool for `` propaganda distribution , recruitment , fundraising , reconnaissance , and operational coordination . '' the rise of encrypted communications and social media have made it harder for authorities to keep up . 
  pretty much this . 
  police will never be able to prevent every single attack . 
  attacks shall continue and with each new attack , israelification of europe shall continue . 
   amri was convicted of stealing a truck in tunisia and of burning down a migrant center in italy , his mother said . 
  but he was able to work small jobs while in an italian prison , and sent money home . 
  italian authorities called him a problem inmate who had to be transferred to six different sicilian prisons for bullying other prisoners and trying to spark rebellions . 
  a model citizen indeed . 
  sadly , it seems that another war is being prepared in middle east and the balkanization of middle east shall continue . 
  turkey will be only worse in times ahead . 
  aslan approves . 
  that is geopolitics for you . 
  that was amazing !, 
  this so much , even with all the problems we have here in the balkans , i have never heard in my entire life of a similar event happening anywhere here . 
  we will bottle his tears and sell them !, 
  this is a ancient balkan ritual that each nation does to other , its history stretches back thousands of years.best way to imagine is to picture a sorority where each new female member is required to play with ... shit , wrong thread . 
  sadly , i am not payed at all . 
  my gulf arab overlords are cheap fucks . 
  agreed but i have my doubts whether there is any political will to do such a thing . 
  for example , next to croatia is bosnia , and there are dozens of villages swarming with salafists who openly preach , display islamic state flags , call for killing of christians in this region . 
  nobody does anything to stop them , why ? 
  because the gulf arabs have bribed bosnian leadership . 
  they also continue to settle arabs in various villages and cities across bosnia . 
  these settlers tend to be extremists in their beliefs . 
  croatian intelligence agency is quite aware of what is happening , but until we get green light from eu , we are unable to act . 
  gulf arab monarchies have over decades cultivated a enormous network of people who sympathize with wahhabi ideology as set forth by muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab . 
  they also bribe half the political apparatus in the west , especially in us , uk , france and germany . 
  but the truth is that al saud family is actually liberal element in that region ** compared ** to those who would replace them in potential coup . 
  it is a amazing sub , one of the best on the entire reddit in my humble opinion . 
  a myriad of different worldviews and biases , but very eye opening . 
  i refuse to believe that swiss are truly that naive . 
  poland : http://i.imgur.com/jkdqyxh.jpg russia : https://01varvara.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/ilya-glazunov-eternal-russia-1988.jpg, 
   the largest autosomal study on turkish genetics predicted that the weight of east asian ( presumably central asian according to the authors ) migration legacy of the turkish people is estimated at 21.7 % . 
  both greeks and turks are more similar than either side would want to admit . 
  this seems to be the cultural and political norm in many islamic countries . 
  jews are to be blamed for bad harvest , bad sex that night , bad economy , bad television program and so on . 
  germans , here is a song to encourage your spirit to fight for your forests !, 
   the terms ` russia ' plus ` fascism ' have been added together to create a new word in ukraine to describe this phenomenon : ` ruscism ' . 
  amercism ? 
  francism ? 
  serbia just stole kebab removal skills from you guys , it all makes sense now . 
   it is always a weakness of journalists that they pretend to excavate the truth when in fact they are the conduit rather than the originator of information produced by others in their own interests . 
  reporters learn early that people tell them things because they are promoting some cause which might be their own career or related to bureaucratic infighting or , just possibly , hatred of lies and injustice . 
  it was always this way . 
   journalists and public alike should regard all information about syria and iraq with reasoned scepticism . 
  they should keep in mind the words of lakhdar brahimi , the former un and arab league special envoy to syria . 
  speaking after he had resigned in frustration in 2014 , he said that `` everybody had their agenda and the interests of the syrian people came second , third or not at all '' . 
   the french ambassador eric chevallier was similarly cautious , only to receive a classic rebuke from his masters in paris who said : `` your information does not interest us . 
  bashar al-assad must fall and will fall . 
  that is human history for you . 
  no one really cares about human rights . 
  it was , it is and it always will be about personal interests . 
  i am still hoping that it will be set in louisiana . 
  old mama murphy recipe for conquering world : 1 . 
  take polish hussars 2 . 
  add russian cossacks 3 . 
  it 's a slavic world !, 
  well , fuck . 
  skanderbeg would be proud of you guys !, 
  happy birthday albania !, 
  that joyful moment when you understand the meaning of words because you also speak a slavic language . 
   to seek for truth . 
  what is truth ? 
  president erdogan should just declare sultanate already and get this thing over with . 
  realistically looking , islamic state will be dealt with in syria and iraq . 
  that much is inevitable . 
  but its members are not really welcomed anywhere in the islamic world . 
  saudi arabia , qatar , uae are scared of islamic state members coming to their turf and removing monarchy . 
  so they only have one place to go , europe . 
  these people will then move to even further radicalize various muslims already living across europe . 
  what a peaceful century awaits us . 
  multipolar world order is in the long run inevitable . 
  that does not mean that america will become weak but that it will share world policeman role with others . 
  turkey could face economic sanctions ? 
  then they will simply open the floodgates and immigrants will rush in eu . 
  what then ? 
   she added : `` it makes me shiver when i see a german flag . '' really ? 
  she shivers at the sight of german flag ? 
  german flag is profoundly offensive and disturbing thing to see in germany ? 
  it is not a problem of believing , it never was . 
  people attack trump for his idiotic stance on this but conveniently ignore decades of countless other politicans who did nothing as well . 
  you can not reverse decades of enormous damage to climate , you can only attempt to shield yourself and your own people from incoming backlash . 
  many parts of africa , although not all , will simply fall into mad max socio-political situation in decades ahead of us . 
  africa did have various kingdoms and empires before european came , but in comparison to various other places of our world like asia , europe or mesoamerica , it was indeed far less developed in every possible aspect . 
  from arts , sciences to statecraft , sub-saharan africa was indeed less developed . 
   which is why the climate change denial and/or downplaying of climate issues by right wing parties is counter-productive .
