  so basically they trust the press , because there is no alternative . 
  social media is bad and right-wing internet sites are not trustworthy . 
  at the same time it becomes more transparent how bad foreign media and free press is . 
  true . 
  it will also mean that the nationality `` ranking '' might be different for burglary . 
   because we still remember where populism leads . 
  and now you have to learn where mass immigration takes us . 
   this kind of thing is so exceptionally rare . 
  and the person who did it was a known criminal . 
  that 's exactly the point of most right-wingers . 
  most of these terrorist attacks were done by criminals and people already known to be islamists . 
  so it could have been prevented by tougher immigration and deportation rules . 
  that 's why they say , see we knew this would happen . 
  we warned you about it , but you did not want to listen . 
  ( not that i want to defend people who make jokes about the dead , but there are also rational right-wing people . 
  the situation is very similar in germany . 
  official statistics from bavaria : [ burglary suspects in bavaria ] ( http://imgur.com/ezpcfxk ) germans 50,7 % non germans 49,3 % immigrants ( refugess etc. ), 
  7 % [ nationalities of non german suspects ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jgdjcvm.png ) [ pdf source ] ( https://www.polizei.bayern.de/content/6/4/9/pks_pressebericht_2016.pdf ), 
   the national currencies are used exclusively by each national bank and government . 
  but then how does the value of the national currency emerge ? 
  the ruined version looks like shit . 
  it 's really a shame . 
  maybe they should launch a campaign to stop the actual hatred and violence from happening and not just this symbolic politics . 
  perfect example of doublespeak . 
  i just hope some will actually read 1984 . 
  is n't this already illegal ? 
   the government should make it illegal to mistreat animals in slaughterhouses . 
  we should just make a nice deal for both sides without any bad feelings . 
  talk about gibraltar , `` painful as possible '' and similar stuff just seems very childish . 
  it also goes against any european idea of cooperation and solidarity . 
   making the exit as painful as possible for the uk . 
  so , mafia tactics ? 
  i think these second round polls are not useful at the moment . 
  the result will change after the first round is over . 
  no we only take gibraltar, 
  yes it is more a reaction on the changed stance of the us  the comments follow a recent , apparent shift in us policy . 
  in germany we call something like this lippenbekenntnis . 
  ( just talk , no action ), 
  ( but for the meantime a solution without assad is unlikely ), 
  i 'm not christian myself , but you have to consider that we live in a modern society . 
  so considering classical liberal ideas , we can not define how two adults have sex if it does not damage society or is harmful in other ways . 
  but of course the state has the task to define society and protect the children . 
  so from a christian viewpoint the state should support the ( classical ) family and discourage other models . 
  ( like homosexual partners with children ), 
  except csu has not changed their opinion at all , dw just mixed up two issues . 
  ( in my opinion because they support gay marriage ), 
  you know that there are still some christians in germany and csu stands for ** christian ** social union ? 
  last election was actually a conservative majority . 
  but 5 % hurdle prevented both fdp and afd from getting in . 
  austria is less developed than germany :p, 
  they should only shoot him in an attack situation . 
  actually it 's a perfect example . 
  even after so many years in britain , he is not integrated and still radical . 
  it was never called muslim ban except by you . 
  an appropriate reaction : * kill the terrorist ( shoot to kill ) * restrict immigration from terrorist countries * arrest all supporters of the terrorist * ban all islamist groups and deport the members if possible, 
  that 's really disgusting . 
  the majority is pro-european integration , but this process gives eu more power ( e.g. 
  trade deals ) and germany loses this power unless they leave the eu . 
  and what this mess would mean , we can see with brexit . 
   it 's the political expression of the people of germany . 
  it gets more and more difficult to argue for political expression , when the representation is more and more distant from the actual election process . 
  ( how many steps do you have to take from the voter in germany to the european commission ? ), 
  is n't reddit already `` wrecked '' ? 
  they are obviously not neutral and changed their algorithms to censor the_donald from the frontpage . 
  additionally they allow for left social justice warrior subreddits to harass users and subreddits , while at the same time they ban politically incorrect content ( fatpeoplehate , alt-right ) . 
  just to add : the eu is taking power away from the sovereign nation state and will eventually destroy the individual nation state if the current trend continues . 
  additionally , here the eu is seen as a promoter of free trade and free market capitalism , but actually they also impose a lot of restrictions and regulations on the markets and the products . 
  yes if we love each other and promote peace all our problems will go away . \\ s we do n't need love , we need war against islamist organisations in europe . 
  what a joke :  the former prime minister demanded cuts to the eu budget for 2014-20 , but - in return for spending going down in the early years - planned spending in the future rose sharply . 
   the eu is expected to argue that the uk is obliged to contribute to those future spending commitments , despite its plans to complete brexit by 2019 . 
  what is the result of the other polls ? 
  i think you have no idea what a neonazi is . 
  i 'm certainly not one . 
  and why i 'm banned from / r/de is none of your business and if you are not and altaccount , i find it highly unlikely that you know the reason behind my ban . 
  do you have any source for this . 
  because i highly doubt this . 
  that 's just a law and not part of the constitution ( gg ), 
  the german constitution only gives the right to political refugees . 
  because all these so-called refugees are not checked at all and are basically immigrants . 
  the current chief of the german intelligence agency bnd sees no indication that the g\u00fclen movement is behind the coup attempt . 
  additionally he says that the it is not an islamist terror organisation but a civil organisation . 
  and why do you think this was an far-right attack ? 
  it is the father who is far-right . 
  there is no indication that the son has the same political leanings or that this was motivated by some racist views . 
  nonetheless the father already stated his support for the victims . 
  is this connected to the letter bomb to imf ? 
   has surged amid allegations of russian hacking - which moscow denies - in the u.s. presidential ballot . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  there was never any indication or proof for hacking in the us election process . 
  they are also more likely to live in areas with more immigrants . 
  so , the pvv is actually a labour party . 
  around 5 % of europe, 
  in fact they are weaker . 
  the number is only for the states . 
  the independent monitoring instance is too closely connected to the ministry of finance, 
  sorry for resubmitting , but i had the wrong caption dark orange : fully comply light orange : only comply after additional commitment dark : do not comply https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_fiscal_compact edit : to make matters clear : this is not about fiscal compliance , but rather if the treaty was fulfilled and necessary laws were made in the nation states . 
  dark orange : fully comply light orange : only comply after additional commitment dark : do not comply https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_fiscal_compact, 
  from his [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_pool ) he seems more like a mainstream center-left guy . 
  the calorie intake would be much too small . 
  i doubt this report .
