  it 's nice but in my opinion has nothing to do with the golden rule . 
   your thought experiment would make sense if we had centuries of oppression and enslavement of white people by black people muslims are the biggest slave traders . 
  so it 's ok with them ? 
   why are you mad about people making fun of nazis ? 
  because that is only on the surface . 
  it is very clearly about white people in general . 
   i think you dont get the point of the video , its not about making fun of germans/germany . 
  its about ridiculing white supremacists . 
  it 's about ridiculing the idea that whites in germany will die out if current trends continue . 
  i do n't think this is funny . 
   it does n't make fun of white people , or even blonde blue-eyed people . 
  no , it does n't . 
  not at all . 
  i have the feeling you only say this , because you do n't like this group . 
  or would you critizice all political activism . 
  except when it goes against fl\u00fcchtlinge . 
   ali 's mental problems were apparently triggered by social isolation and bullying he had suffered at school . 
  he developed xenophobic tendencies , `` especially towards youths with turkish , albanian , and balkan origin , whom he blamed for the bullying , '' authorities have said . 
  he referred to them as `` subhuman '' and `` cockroaches . '', 
  he researched other spree killers in the run-up to the munich shooting , including german school shooter and norwegian right-wing extremist anders breivik . 
  at one stage , he had expressed his admiration for breivik to an afghan youth . 
  the important part . 
   why are germans so corrupt ? 
  / s and then they complain about the easterns and the southerns ... germany 's corruption is kind of different . 
  here there does not exist any corruption in the lower ranks . 
  if you get a speeding ticket no money will save you . 
  but for politicians and corporations the situation is very different . 
   legal framework . 
  german criminal legislation does not fully cover the liability of elected officials for corruption and certain types of behaviour related to corruption in the private sector . 
  despite being a founding member of greco and having signed the two councileurope conventions against corruption in 1999 , it remains one of the few european countries which have not ratified these conventions or the united nations convention against corruption ( uncac ) 3 . 
  in its coalition agreement in 2013 , the parties forming the new german federal government have declared that they would amend the criminal statute on 4bribery of elected public officials , which may facilitate the ratification of uncac . 
  of from [ eu anti-corruption-report . pdf ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/organized-crime-and-human-trafficking/corruption/anti-corruption-report/docs/2014_acr_germany_chapter_en.pdf ), 
  at first glance it looks like they wear really crazy leather dresses . 
  it 's in the article :  the report says that specifics about the software used to help cheat emissions tests were discussed numerous times . 
  using convictions will not be more accurate . 
   so when you ( also ) take that into account , most differences will disappear think . 
  why is left always so obsessed with this ? 
  it does n't change anything . 
  still uneducated , poor people from violent cultures come to germany and will harm the country . 
  if you want to say that they only commit crimes because of socio economic status , does not change the situation . 
  and on the contrary it will be very difficult to prove any causal relation . 
  it could also be that people who are shitty at life , will be more likely to commit crimes and more likely to have a low socio economic status . 
  this graph is bad and the blue part does not add any value . 
  obviously the total is 100 % . 
  what you just did is zoom out very much , so you do not see any differences . 
  this one is per 10000 , so it makes sense that it differs by a factor of 10, 
   and there are 1.4 million turks in germany , does that mean there have been 994 turks accused of rape ? 
  [ from bka.pdf  ( https://www.bka.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/2016/pks2016jahrbuch4einzelne.pdf?__blob=publicationfile&amp;v=2 ) http://imgur.com/cgd6by3 turkish suspects : 1069,854 people with turkish passport : 1.492.580 ( wiki ) -  71.68 seems to be correct, 
  there were actually more incidents : * in reutlingen a woman was held by two man and groped by a third ( all with dark teint ) * in b\u00f6blingen there were aggressive asylum seeker and sexual assaults https://www.welt.de/vermischtes/article166737170/schlag-auf-schlag-kontrollverlust-im-schwabenland.html, 
   `` luftmatratzen '' ( google it , please ) lol, 
  some of them have small summaries ( e.g. 
  die linke ) or you can look at the captions . 
  but the major parties are not very concrete in their statements . 
  it is more about what values they want to support . 
   secondly : is this really what you want ths sub to be ? 
  we are fine with some trends occuring from time to time , it does n't really bother us . 
  no , i would consider these posts as spam . 
  if someone wants to share some original contend like a picture , that 's fine , but to look up some wikipedia article or a picture is low-effort . 
  if the government buys 100 tanks , it will increase gdp . 
  thanks for posting . 
   it 's relatively easy to post x of europe pic posts , or politically charged photos , or all kinds of comparison maps , knowing that this sub loves that kind of thing . 
  and it 's really difficult to post anything else , because either it gets buried under dozens of europe pics or it is against the rules . 
  for example news reposts ( even when the last article is one day old and is nowhere on the front page ) get removed while you can post dozens of images . 
  that 's the situation , you really want to have a gun . 
  yes they are `` totally '' different , having a different name and such, 
  at least someone is defending europe, 
  i have read them and you should too . 
   like all religions it 's a mixed bag no , it is not like all religion . 
  religions are not all the same . 
   you are telling us to ignore actual muslims who are already part of our society in favor of listening to people who want us to be afraid of islam and want us to be seperate ( both alt-right and islamist ) . 
  i would n't even care about muslims if they simply left us and others alone . 
  the fundamental difference is that jesus came and taught very liberal values . 
  this was a new revelation . 
  mohammed on the contrary was in the beginning quite peaceful and okeyish , but then started wars and spread hateful and evil messages . 
  these messages are part of the koran and since they are newer they supercede the older more liberal teachings . 
  also , in theory they can give up parts of their faith , but first they have to acknowledge this problem . 
  since a lot of liberal muslims as you said simply ignore the text , but do not question it on a more fundamental level . 
  read the wikipedia article about mohammed and the one about the koran . 
   the old testament consists of translations of many distinct books by various authors [ 4 ] produced over a period of centuries . 
  the canon formed in stages , first the pentateuch by around 400 bc , then the prophets during the hasmonean dynasty ( 140-116 bc ) , and finally the remaining books . 
  i wrote `` pretty much '' . 
  obviously he did not abolish it but merely had some `` new revelations '' . 
  fact is most christians base their moral code on the new testament if they want to look at the text . 
  see for example : http://www.bible.ca/b-why-ot-nt.htm, 
  they have to give up basic parts of their faith in order to be liberal . 
  jesus pretty much abolished the old testament and preached peace till the end , mohammed was a war lord . 
  read his post , perfectly fine , absolutely no reason to be removed . 
  that 's good . 
  we are not at war , just exchanging opinions . 
   let 's see if this post will be removed after my comment above  such a buried post will no be moderated at all . 
   btw neutral would mean that both sides would have to stop posting idelogies neutral as in everyone can post whatever they like, 
   but i have n't seen an honest debate being shut down . 
  why do you think right-wingers debates are no honest ? 
   this post is obviously mocking the idiots who think that there are literally ` no-go zones ' within western european countries there are no-go zones in the sense that no sane person goes there or that the police can only enforce the law with much increased force . 
  there have been reports in germany that police officers were surrounded by dozens of people trying to prevent an arrest . 
  you mean the leftist mods who remove any comment which critizices islam or immigration . 
  this is low-effort content/meme and should be removed . 
   no , because in my country , gay people can adopt children as well as procreate through other scientific methods . 
  singles can also do this ... 
  the reason of promoting children is imo not very convincing , while often mentioned .
