  if you want to promote children , why not simple give more tax reductions for the children ? 
  originally the ehegattensplitting ( tax splitting ) was introduced after ww2 because the former taxes disadvantaged married couples . 
  ( which is against the constitution ) this solution was chosen because it appreciates the function of the mother as a stay at home wife : \u201e eine besondere anerkennung der funktion der ehefrau als hausfrau und mutter . `` https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/ehegattensplitting, 
   promote couples to have kids . 
  so you are against same sex marriages ? 
  yes , i changed it now, 
   i find it a little unsettling that i have to explain the difference between abstract and material , but ok . you do n't really have to explain it , since it does n't add any value . 
  you just assume that the one thing can be freely defined , while the other ca n't . 
  this is wrong . 
  obviously you can define humans differently and historically a lot of aboriginal people were not regarded human . 
  historically and conservatively marriage is also not considered between same sex . 
  just because you do n't like the implications . 
  i do n't really doubt that you can pass a law , which will grant homosexual marriages the same rights , but this marriage will then not be protected by the constitution ( imo ) . 
  a human is also not defined in the constitution . 
  would you also have the same opinion if someone changes this definition ? 
  the question still remains : what will happen to the constitution ? 
  there marriage has a special protection . 
  and there it is meant between man and woman . 
  you definitely can not change the meaning of the constitution through a simple law . 
  if the constitutional court follows this new interpretation of marriage and extends the constitution to homosexual marriages , this would set a very bad precedent . 
  you definitely can not change the meaning of the constitution through a simple law . 
  if the constitutional court follows this new interpretation of marriage and extends the constitution to homosexual marriages , this would set a very bad precedent . 
   return home that 's where it went wrong, 
   predominantly justified interests , namely of the arts and science , research and education , reporting on current affairs or history or similar purposes . 
  so basically , it 's a law against people creating and sharing these videos on social media, 
  they would have killed him . 
  there is a video where they kick against his head . 
   i do not believe she will represent my needs and wishes adequately in the brexit talks . 
  and what wishes and needs do you think , she will not consider ? 
   at least now the poor wo n't be fucked over as bad as they would with a conservative majority . 
  the poor is fucked over the most in any crisis . 
  a conservative majority would have given brexit a good position in the brexit negotiations . 
  now it will be much more difficult to get fair terms for britain . 
  this is very bad for britain . 
  why did you vote against may ? 
  edit : seriously , why did you vote for another party ? 
  it was a secession , not a annexation . 
   christian extremists are more likely to kill you than muslim extremists . 
  ( the data are unambiguous in this . ), 
  then show your data  tell me , do you think that electing an anti-christian candidate anywhere in europe would have caused christian terrorism to abate , even regionally ? 
  at least in germany many are openly antireligion and want to limit the influence of the church . 
  and no i do n't think any political candidate could trigger christian terrorism here . 
   those like le pen are demonstrably bad choices if the outcome you desire is to lessen terrorism . 
  good luck with another 5 years of trying to actively avoid learning about anything having to do with the complexities of any of these issues and pretending that just being angry and hateful at people will do any good . 
  so you basically admitted that there are ticking time bombs in france and any aggression or wrong move could trigger them . 
  how many do you think there are ? 
  also you have a misunderstanding . 
  the idea is not to hate the terrorists and then hope they stop being terrorists , but to physically remove them from your country and fight any extremist islam group in the world . 
  we have to stop the hate from spreading . 
  facts are racist . 
  in germany at least a lot of research is done outside of universities in research institutes like max planck or frauenhofer . 
  merkel 's bitch, 
  good luck with another 5 years of terrorism . 
  apparently this is the [ interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-suvkwnysqo ), 
  it gets more and more unlikely that france will be a country for french people . 
  thank you, 
  in general i do n't see how any of what you are saying applies to me or even the_donald :  participate in a war being waged against your country than to work together with the other half of your countrymen . 
  who is fighting a war against my or the french country ? 
  russia or what country do you mean ? 
   you people are so blinded by your hate for liberals and immigrants would i be posting in / r/europe if i were blinded by my hate for liberals ? 
  also you have to acknowledge that the the_donald is not against all immigrants , just the unwanted and illegal immigration . 
   you fuckers are so stupid you do n't even realize you 're unwillingly fighting for the interests of a country that has nothing but contempt for your nation and would see it crash and burn in flames . 
  if i assume correct you mean russia and the interest would be the end of eu ? 
  if so , i 'm actually more of a reformist and still think the eu can be safed , but we have to act fast . 
  why are his comments removed , but a harassing comment like `` retard '' is still visible ? 
  what do you even know about me ? 
  i just wrote that i post to / r/the _ donald and you go on a rant like i 'm the devil . 
  good good let the hate flow through you, 
  the campaign even says that there are genuine files , so a hack or a leak definitely happened . 
   the campaign said that genuine files were mixed up with fake ones in order to confuse people . 
  it is also very telling that both clinton and now macron used this tactic of `` fake files '' without ever telling which ones are fake and which ones are real . 
  but maybe you will discard my comment because i post to / r/the _ donald . 
  surely , you are joking ? 
  it would be awesome . 
  merkel will never die . 
   the content is presumably taken from faz.net . 
  i tried to look for a primary source , but i do n't speak german so i did n't have much luck . 
  perhaps someone can help on this ? 
  this article was linked on twitter , but apparently only contains some of the information below . 
  more information is in the [ paid version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fmw1rcz.png ), 
  sadly , this might actually be true . 
  [ sch\u00e4uble : there is no free lunch . 
  britons must know that . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/sch%c3%a4uble-no-free-lunch-for-uk-in-brexit-talks/a-38636726 ), 
  i think i pissed of a lot of french people . 
  france is our subordinate . 
  we wo n't allow them to leave . 
   let 's wait until schulz starts his campaign so we know what his political agenda will be . 
  depending on what you mean with campaign , one could argue that he already started . 
  via http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth-annual, 
  `` its checks '' last time i checked , the money still came from the tax payers . 
  this video sums it up perfectly : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=i9at3jjap0y, 
   the gg is from 1949 , we should expect it to be outdated on some points . 
  these are n't god given laws that are objectively right or something . 
  true , but should n't the ones who want to change this , point out the benefits or reasons behind it . 
  the traditional family model worked for thousands of years . 
   which is exactly the kind of point people from the afd massively overdo . 
  i litterally finished school last year and homosexuality was not mentioned once in biology . 
  i do n't know if they overdo it , since there are a lot of crazies on both side . 
  on a real note : a family has special rights according to the [ gg ] ( https://dejure.org/gesetze/gg/6.html ) .
