if the eu knows that britain does not leave when they get a bad deal , then they wo n't give them a good deal . 
  it 's up to the current politicians to find the best solution . 
  an brexit obviously means that britain should try to get the best deal with eu ( free trade ), 
  to be clear , i 'm not in favour of these laws . 
  he obviously sees a connection between silvester and these new measurements and thinks it is too excessive and not very useful . 
  it has probably to do with the [ sexual assaults in collogne ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_year%27s_eve_sexual_assaults_in_germany ) . 
  now they are desperate to come up with some reforms . 
  we do n't have to abolish the rule of law and human rights . 
  but maybe we should treat soldiers , who want to infiltrate our society and destroy us , as enemies and not as citizens of our state , who get a normal trial . 
   `` that 's just how our oetti is , '' a columnist for oettinger 's hometown paper , the stuttgarter nachrichten , concluded this week , dismissing the commissioner 's critics as `` twitter horny '' and `` politically correct vultures . '' just watch the [ video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsgbbyrggso ) i think it becomes very clear that a lot of what he is saying was in a joking and friendly manner and was not meant to hurt anyone . 
   authorities have until the end of thursday to bring him before a judge for a decision on whether they can continue holding him . 
  we need a guant\u00e1namo style solution for all our refugee terrorists . 
  because if it were a german agency , we could actually do something about it . 
  the left definitely wants to limit what you can say, 
  if you think about it , most things do not change your personal life that much . 
  has climate change influenced your life ? 
  has the mass surveillance influenced your life ? 
  i 'm not saying that the refugee crisis has no consequences ( quite to the contrary ) . 
  but the consequences will be more in the future and they will be more indirect , so that some wo n't even connect them to the refugee crisis . 
  for example fiscal matters or security concerns . 
  ( at the oktoberfest there will be stronger security measures ), 
  but then the uk would have needed a 2/3 majority to join the eu first . 
  i do n't think there was ever a point were they would have gotten this 2/3 majority . 
  and where is the other post ? 
  ( because i ca n't find it ), 
  britain will be poorer at home and diminished internationally . 
  it marks a retreat from the world financial capitalism survived the 2008 global crash . 
  liberal democracy has not fared so well . 
  there is a connection . 
  political elites are under pressure everywhere in the west . 
  donald trump is a candidate for us president . 
  marine le pen is bidding for france 's \u00c9lys\u00e9e palace . 
  but who would have thought pragmatic , moderate , incrementalist britain would tear down the political temple ? 
  this week 's referendum result was a revolt against the status quo with consequences , national and international , as profound as anything seen in postwar europe . 
  you can cite perhaps half-a-dozen explanations as to why the once-phlegmatic british voted against their own economic interests by quitting the eu . 
  british exceptionalism , migration , a scandalously duplicitous leave campaign , stagnant incomes and post-crash austerity are all on the list . 
  but the thread through it all was deep disgruntlement with a political and economic system that is seen as rigged against the hard-working classes . 
  it was always clear that the referendum would fracture the conservative party . 
  but it was won by the `` outs '' only because millions of erstwhile labour supporters deserted their own leftist leadership for the anti-immigrant xenophobia peddled by the united kingdom independence party . 
  for decades politics was a game of turn and turnabout among the long established parties of centre-right and centre-left . 
  now , conservatives and labour in britain , and christian and social democrats on the european continent have lost control . 
  brexit will leave britain poorer at home and diminished on the international stage . 
  it marks a retreat from the world . 
  the leaving of one union could lead to the break-up of another if nicola sturgeon , scotland 's first minister , presses ahead with her plan for another independence referendum . 
  a flight of foreign capital and businesses from the uk may tip the economy into recession . 
  the leavers , led by the flamboyantly evasive boris johnson , have no plans to cope with any of this . 
  mr johnson has not thought beyond an all-consuming ambition to replace david cameron as prime minister . 
  he has failed to offer a serious prospectus for the simple reason that , beyond some nostalgic nonsense about reconquering the world , he has no idea about what comes next . 
  for what it is worth , the harsh truth is that the british government will spend the next five to 10 years in the costly business of disentangling its affairs from brussels . 
  `` since 2008 the unfairnesses have been amplified by austerity : the wealthiest one per cent have been barely touched '' friends and allies will have little sympathy . 
  after surviving the twin crises centred on the euro and migration , germany 's angela merkel and france 's fran\u00e7ois hollande will not thank britain for adding a third . 
  perfidious albion has always been an awkward partner , but the union will be weaker for the departure of such an important state . 
  nor can mr cameron 's successor look to washington for comfort . 
  us president barack obama could not have been more candid that a leave vote would represent self-demotion in the contest for influence in the us capital . 
  the `` special relationship '' is a description loaded more with symbolism than substance . 
  brexit will strip it of both . 
  all this as the west is challenged by a revanchist russia , by chaos and terrorism in the middle east and uncontrolled migration . 
  irritated as they are with britain , these other leaders would do well to study carefully the forces at work in the referendum campaign . 
  if a nation as innately cautious as britain can tear up in the course of a single day foreign and economic policies that have been crafted over half a century , who can dare rule out an electoral earthquake propelling mr trump into the white house or ms le pen into the \u00c9lys\u00e9e ? 
  what americans call the `` takeaway '' from the referendum can be summarised in one short phrase : globalisation is not working . 
  big business has become bad political news . 
  yes , of course one can produce endless statistics showing how open global markets are a stimulus to growth and prosperity . 
  but as true as they are , these are abstract , aggregate figures . 
  they do not reflect the experience of the majority . 
  for a decade or so the badly skewed distribution of the gains from globalisation and widespread tax-evasion on the part of big business were camouflaged by buoyant economic growth . 
  since 2008 the unfairnesses have been amplified by austerity : the wealthiest one per cent have been barely touched . 
  capitalism needed saving , but in bailing out the financial institutions with taxpayers ' money , governments transferred the stresses from markets to politics . 
  a return to economic growth would relieve some of the pressure . 
  europe in particular must understand just how politically corrosive slavish devotion to fiscal targets has become . 
  but the politicians also must confront the excesses . 
  if they want to save liberal democracy , they will have to reform capitalism . 
  i do n't know if it was actually illegal . 
  but everyone is stretching the truth and most people know this . 
  i find it very unlikely that the one lie about the nhs was that important . 
   the result was razor thin and the leave campaign was literally fraudulent . 
  about 1 million is not `` razor thin '' . 
  and if the leave campaign was fraudulent some people will be going to jail , but this has nothing to do with the referendum . 
   if people end up being unhappy once they see the result of this clusterfuck , holding a second referendum is not undemocratic , it 's taking a chance to revert a horrible decision . 
  that 's it except nothing happened yet . 
  there is actually nothing to reverse . 
  the only thing that happened was the vote and the reaction of the market , politicians and media . 
  this is a comparison between trump and brexit movement . 
  and by analysing the reasons and sentiments behind brexit it is very much about europe . 
  [ good summary ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/64se5r/there_has_been_an_explosion_close_to_the/dg4me4x/ ) it seems like this was a serious attack and not just someone throwing fireworks at them, 
  he is asking for asylum in germany , because trump will get him for wiretapping . 
   actually he wrote mostly about state , and how to create a modern state and society capitalism, 
  yes , they will prosecute this racist . 
  and that 's why the title is shit and could even be used as an example of media bias . 
  yes because populism leads to world wars and we can not do anything against immigration because then we become nazis . \\ s, 
  wagenknecht was your example for a left politician being called populist . 
  but she was only called a populist when she proposed right ideas or more correct anti-refugee . 
  so your example is wrong . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5vlmw3/poll_media_bias_in_europe/ spain is not on the list, 
   important german politicians like sara wagenknecht have recently been called populists because she spoke out against the refugee policy . 
  and more correctly tauber ( cdu ) criticised her . 
  spiegel is left and zeit arguably is also center-left, 
   professor kim otto , the academic in media studies who led the study , said that the results showed that people had more of an appreciation for the value of established media in an age of fake news reports being spread through social media . 
   he added that the jailing of journalists in turkey has also added to the appreciation germans have for their free press . 
   but the report 's authors note a surprising rise in the amount of people who consider themselves as right-wing saying they trust the press , from 33 percent in 2015 to 51 percent last year .
