   surely the occupy movement was a lot better at getting a point across then . 
  was it `` tax rich people '' ? 
  these people say `` no expo '' . 
  i think they get just as much , or as little , across . 
  [ stats for number of strikes and number of affected people in sweden over the past hundred years ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:arbetsinst%c3%a4llelser_sverige_1903-2005.svg ) after the [ saltsj\u00f6bad agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saltsj%c3%b6baden_agreement ) in the 1930 's we 've often been able to keep strikes at a really low level besides during the communist 70-80 's . 
  i think we 've veered too far when discussing the philosophical meaning of words such as interesting and knowledge . 
  thank you for your time . 
  i 'm rather judging some geography more useful than other . 
  maps can be found with a few clicks , understanding of the world is what schools most bring . 
  i also consider some history more useful than other . 
  but that would be another argument . 
  the `` interesting '' part comes as an effect of it being useful . 
  math is kind of irrelevant to geography i 'd think . 
  the context argument :  so why should we teach anything at all ? 
  was met with :  teach what 's useful and interesting . 
  i feel like you digress though . 
   i just think it would be nice if you would regard my arguments and examples before making up new once that fit your case better . 
  did n't see any relevant of yours . 
  link ? 
   sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . 
  i was being serious . 
  that is exactly what the geography student should learn . 
   why are you cherry-picking your examples ? 
  do you demand of me to make up examples that oppose my argument ? 
   in regards to your example : what if that river is directly connected to the wealth to the country ? 
  you do n't need to know what it 's called then ? 
  yes , you would . 
  and it 's great that the student managed to come to that conclusion . 
  there often are a lot more interesting facts about countries than what they 're called and located . 
  teach what 's useful and interesting . 
  if a pupil can argue for why a country has persistent poverty , it 's much more interesting than him being able to name the rivers . 
   also i 'm not sure that `` culture '' values everything correctly , e.g. 
  reality tv is valued differently from quantum mechanics . 
  i 'm not sure that we should prioritize on what 's popular . 
  yeah . 
  i for example do n't care about football . 
  what is general knowledge might be irrelevant to the argument of what should be taught in schools . 
  what was your point when you argued that i was against general knowledge ? 
   yes . 
  or what is your stance on general knowledge ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_knowledge  general knowledge has been defined in differential psychology as `` culturally valued knowledge communicated by a range of non-specialist media '' my stance is that you overestimate what knowledge is culturally valued . 
   never disregard an argument because one little thing bothers you . 
  did i ? 
   if i understand you you thing general knowledge is unnecessary ? 
  all information should not be taught . 
  learning the names of all the stars in the sky or all the lakes on the moon would be the definition of unnecessary . 
  knowledge is only important if it 's of use to us . 
   i 'm not trying to insult you never follow that with a `` but '' if you 're sincere . 
   but do n't you think that we need a common based from which we can do that ? 
  what is the point of looking how fishermen in country xyz live their daily lives if you do n't know where this country is , what it 's neighbors are , what the major cities are , etc. . . ? 
  words are pointless if you do n't know what they stand for . 
  learning what they stand does not mean that you wo n't know the names of it . 
  if the neighbors of the country are important for it you should be taught that , but teaching the names of the neighbors wo n't teach why they are important . 
  geography is understanding the world . 
  the names and maps are just how we communicate the knowledge . 
  use your head as more than a map . 
  to learn about how the world functions is more important than to learn about how the world is drawn and named . 
  it 's all subjective but you really should n't speak for an organisation you do n't represent . 
   human interest ? 
  do you think the national geographic writes about maps ? 
  you can also argue that since cyanobacteria are not plants , false could be the correct answer due to leaving out this large contributor . 
  geography should be more about the people , less about the maps . 
  haha , you got me on that one . 
  i agree . 
  but what i 'm trying to say is that the economical and intellectual freedom created was enough to inevitably lead to democracy in the end . 
  hopefully democracy . 
  a lot of countries have been built by something like an enlightened despot and then transferred into democracy . 
  [ park chung-hee ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/park_chung-hee ) laying the foundation of south korea is an interesting example . 
  here is the test he showed them : http://i.imgur.com/amuohra.png see if you know the answers . 
  assumptions made the students get less than 50 % of answers correct . 
  but this was some years ago . 
  chechnya does n't produce oil at all though . 
  i do n't think they have a single field . 
  that one bugged me . 
   plate would better at these distances . 
  plate would be better at any distance . 
  chain mail is useless against anything else than cuts . 
  it 's not like the us has fewer shootings . 
  do n't you also have a sizable navy ? 
  oh , that really does n't sound too bad . 
   the country has undermine democracy what does this mean ? 
   how does the exchange rate between the dollar and any other currency affect the google share price when quoted in dollars ? 
  i thought we went over that ... 
  it the dollar rises , it will have a negative effect on googles share price counted in dollar . 
  i the dollar falls it will have a positive effect on googles share price counted in dollar . 
  googles product prices are counted in value and will rise at the same rate as more dollars enter the market . 
  googles revenue and profit will also rise . 
  the hyperinflation in germany led to just as enormous gains in the stock market counted in mark . 
  this was not real value gains . 
  back up that claim . 
  it 's a simplification . 
  everyone does n't want to know the details . 
  he 's right on this one . 
  as a simplified example : if you value something twice as high , then you 're thinking it can make twice as much money ; if you 're thinking it can make twice as much money , then you 're ok with investing twice as much of your own money for it to get there . 
  it would be the exact same risk and reward but twice the investment . 
   why would you even adjust for exchange rate ? 
  because you 're making claims about value gains . 
  for an american , or anyone else outside of the eurozone , the value adjusted to exchange rate would be the only relevant one . 
  if you are talking about an inflow of money , that will always need to be exchanged . 
   each index is quoted in its own currency and the comparison is the percentage growth of each .
