  that 'd be more of a genetic diversity problem though . 
  read up on what secular means ? 
  you must at the very least be active in a particular religion not to be secular . 
   this does not necessarily imply hostility to god or religion , though some use the term this way ( see `` secularism '' , below ) ; martin luther used to speak of `` secular work '' as a vocation from god for most christians . 
  according to cultural anthropologists such as jack david eller , secularity is best understood , not as being `` anti-religious '' , but as being `` religiously neutral '' since many activities in religious bodies are secular themselves and most versions of secularity do not lead to irreligiosity . 
   cutting down old forests is deforestation technically not :  deforestation , clearance or clearing is the removal of a forest or stand of trees where the land is thereafter converted to a non-forest use . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deforestation  it takes hundreds of years for that forest to return to its original condition not really . 
  it wo n't look the same maybe , but the plantlife and wildlife will not even leave the area during modern forestry . 
   it 's not about recreational forests , but about biodiversity in general . 
  the finnish forest biodiversity has suffered greatly from forest industry . 
  i think you might need a scientific source for that . 
  they are actually doing quite well . 
  lots of plant life supporting both herbivores and predators . 
  insect life has also gotten much better with new methods . 
  the use of wildlife reservoirs is also very effective . 
  the forests have not been better in hundreds of years . 
  they can be a bit of an eye soar though due to regularity and such . 
  you should look at other more rare areas like our swaps and meadows to protect biodiversity in danger . 
  the forest mass is increasing . 
  that 's not deforestation . 
  biodiversity can be lost but that can not be called deforestation in this case . 
  there are no problems with extinctions and the methods in place to keep active animal life in used forests is working well . 
  it 's not as beautiful though . 
  but recreational forest areas exist in large supply . 
  swamps and some other more sensitive areas are much more important in the respect of biodiversity . 
  but people tend to neglect them due to their unattractiveness . 
  he never said the majority of europeans identify as atheists . 
  he correct in his statement :  europe is a ** secular ** , mostly atheistic or agnostic continent the majority of europeans are projected to not answer that they believe there is a god if they were to be asked the question today . 
  atheism will probably never be the majority answer . 
  in very secular regions such as the nordics people just tend to answer that they do n't care or that they do n't think about it . 
  atheism is only a viable option when religion is present to provoke people . 
  a weak majority 51 % answered `` i believe there is a god '' in the eurobarometer poll of 2010 . 
  but few of them partake in organized religion on a regular basis , so i 'd give him a pass on that statement since he used the word secular . 
  non religious is the more correct term , but you 're close enough and i think everyone understood you . 
  the private company has an incentive for not letting the airports get that run down . 
  if the state is not handling them well , nor earning money on the large investment they represent , i see no reason to not sell the airports to someone who can handle them better . 
  private airports already exist , and they are well functioning . 
  the article says the opposite :  many of the airports , however , are decades old and undersized to handle the demand , a fact not lost on greek tourist operators who have long demanded an upgrade of facilities . 
  i fear you might be biased by a political agenda . 
  i did n't know they were swearing when i heard them online . 
  they could just as well have been making casual conversation . 
  the user would probably google the problem . 
  snuff is murder videos . 
  some snuff is faked . 
   dns spoofing is not easy to disable , it requires know how just follow some steps on a guide : https://developers.google.com/speed/public-dns/docs/using?hl=en  i wo n't defend snuff though since 1 . 
  i do n't know what it really is , i did google a definition but that does n't really cover it i meant stuff like 2 guys 1 hammer . 
  there is also acted fake stuff , but that might also be okay to ban . 
  i was just commenting on why dns bans being easy to disable made them a good tool . 
  it should be viewed as a feature . 
  dns banning liveleak would lead to too many people circumventing the dns bans , therefore they should not be included . 
   still i think you have n't thought it through . 
  this is how you end up banning facesitting porn . 
  people just look to take the position of moral high ground without thinking what it really means . 
  looks better on you but results are pretty bad ideas . 
  face sitting porn is not bad for children . 
  i 'd say rape and snuff shuld be dns banned though , view it when you 're a bit older if you must . 
  nah , reddit is mostly other stuff . 
  the sites specializing in that kind of stuff should get a dns ban , if they do n't already have one . 
  kind of like google have safe search on as the default . 
   even the people who realize what dns is will not bother to buy vpn/install a browser add-on . . etc. 
  you just need to google it and within a few minutes you know how to change to an open dns . 
  vpn or add-on is so overkill . 
  it 's a simple setting . 
  if they block gore , crime and abusive pornography with that , it 's completely ok with me . 
  if someone really wants it they can quickly change their settings to an open dns . 
  anything a child might take take harm from seeing before he 's old enough to work a computer . 
  i like the dns bans . 
  they are kind of like childproofing stuff . 
   all the things bad about isis is swedish/western propaganda heh , it 's actually isis own propaganda . 
  they 're really open about their methods . 
   c. ) they do not think the bad things isis do are bad things at all i 'd go with this . 
  form what i 've heard western isis supporters say , they believe the cause is great enough to justify the methods . 
  even the little children say this , so you might call them indoctrinated . 
  what if you do n't have any knives at home ? 
  it 's clearly often cheaper to grow , or the prices would n't favour gmo so often . 
  are n't you forgetting that the ceramic balls might not require the same thickness for equal protection ? 
  a higher stopping power might do a huge difference in the required thickness . 
  it 's an area , not volume . 
  the thickness required to withstand a specified standard projectile varies over the materials . 
   church should stay as vocal minority forever & everywhere . 
  our church does n't talk much but they do their job with marriages , funerals and aid . 
  i kind of prefer it like that . 
  they never say anything about god if you do n't want them to . 
  do n't get me wrong , we have crazed religious people here too , but they are rejected by the state church . 
   they go to the us/uk to work for some megacorp , literally wasting all that talent ; / do n't blame them . 
  they are probably trying to do the most possible of their talents , since there are so few opportunities in their home lands they have to emigrate . 
  the phenomena is called brain drain , and is a serious problem for many countries all over the world . 
  you have the necessary tools to increase your ratio . 
  you have already awarded the noble peace prize twice to your selves . 
   historic records indicate that over 250 m of land were lost between 1600 and 1850 . 
  that 's really fast . 
  it 's the much higher waves and mud ground that does it . 
  private villa or apartment building ? 
  was it built before 1952 ? 
  exemptions are mostly given to city apartment buildings by the coast . 
  there is a lot of rebuilding of piers . 
  they need to be rebuilt in every few decades . 
  but on gotland we have the same problem as you . 
  high limestone cliffs crumbling in to the ocean . 
  not many houses there though , since it 's generally forbidden to build within at least 100 meters of the sea in sweden .
