   ( which will decrease the tax income even more because private companies are known to use any and all loopholes to avoid taxes ) no country currently manages to efficiently operate public companies , this especially true for greece . 
  all current functioning economies operate by having private companies turning a higher profit and creating greater value . 
  the public companies of greece turns a horrible deficit . 
  just [ hellenic railways organisation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hellenic_railways_organisation ) has a yearly loss of 1 billion euros , eating a large chunk of the government budget . 
  to keep these companies in government hands is would be robbing people of their tax money . 
  the earlier reforms were harsh but efficient . 
  sadly the government did n't implement important parts of them . 
  many of the reforms should have been done years ago . 
  in order to not get falling consumption greece would need to keep borrowing at an unsustainable rate , that is not an option . 
  countries in europe way poorer than greece are already lending them thousands of euro per capita in order for greek people to keep consuming at a higher rate than them . 
  this is only sustainable in the very short term . 
  the internal consumption should go down because it 's been higher than production , and that it ca n't be forever anyways . 
  production for internal consumption will too fall , but exports should gain and sale of government assets should increase foreign investments both temporarily and in the long term . 
  all in all most reforms are meant to make greece a functioning economy in the long term , and to keep greece form running out of money before they can reach that point . 
  eh , the reform are mostly cuts in spending and increases in tax collection . 
  the reforms are meant to get greece more money , not less . 
  getting greece thrown out would also remove a huge obstacle . 
   in central african republic it is mostly `` christians '' who commit crimes against muslims . 
  that is simplifying the issue . 
  nobody is justifying it by religion or calling it a religious fight . 
  not all s\u00e9l\u00e9ka are muslim ; far from all anti-balaka are christians , many are animists . 
  it 's a cycle of revenge where both sides consists of civilians who unjustly had family members murdered by the other side . 
   [ the seleka were n't an overtly religious movement , but they were mostly muslim , as was michel djotodia , the president they installed in march 2013 after taking power . 
  the fighters that ushered in djotodia ran wild across the country during his time in office , plundering villages and killing christians as well as supporters of the former president francois bozize . 
  [ 17 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a9l%c3%a9ka ) it 's a conflict between often criminal gangs whom people join in order to defend themselves and their family . 
  both language , religion and culture often divide different ethnic groups . 
  https://youtu.be/ulhc30thrre?t=2m40s  [ the conflict worsened towards the end of the year with international warnings of a `` genocide `` and fighting was largely from reprisal attacks on civilians from seleka 's predominantly muslim fighters and christian militias called `` anti-balaka . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_african_republic#central_african_republic_since_2003 ), 
  the swedish original pirate party has also crumbled . 
  iceland is going stronger than anyone before though . 
  the pirates are not yet forgotten . 
  nobody is giving them money and they are said to be running out . 
  $ 500m left last i heard . 
  that 's one day if all greeks withdraw the maximum of $ 50 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eiffel_tower#image_copyright_claims  french doctrine and jurisprudence traditionally allow pictures incorporating a copyrighted work as long as their presence is incidental or accessory to the main represented subject , a reasoning akin to the de minimis rule . 
   thus , sete could not claim copyright on , for example , photographs or panoramas of paris including the lit tower . 
  i have you tagged since earlier for having an especially great sense of humor . 
  just wanted you to know that there 's appreciation . 
  i gave up before i even started arguing . 
  sometimes you just know you have one of those pointless cases . 
  nah , i 'm ok . you can keep your opinion as it is . 
  i find your arrogance enjoyable . 
  more so than the requested debate of linguistics . 
  look , you do n't have to say you 're wrong . 
  it 's ok . 
  and you still do n't see the connection ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  what 's your definition of political ? 
  nah , it 's all just politics . 
  well , they kind of do n't recognize the whole `` crimea is now russian '' part . 
  you are correct . 
  turkey is more secular than most islamic majority states , but very far from being completely secular . 
  i 'd even say you are currently going in the wrong direction . 
  i do n't pay church tax in sweden though . 
  it 's voluntary but the majority pays it . 
  i 'm not sure what they 're talking about . 
  but there is a tiny support of about 5 million euros a year that goes to helping religious communities . 
  what type of state do you prefer ? 
  or was i wrong in saying that a secular state is not a literal interpretation ? 
  i 'm curious and would respect your view point . 
  it probably has something to do with having islamist literal as opposed to secular interpretation . 
  the turkish interpretation has done good to the country . 
  so secular turks are xenophobic then ? 
  are american atheists arguing against christianity also xenophobic ? 
  and we do not know what country they were born in . 
  the swedish finns go into the same category as the swedish somalians . 
  it was not organized by any party , just a facebook thing if i 've understood correctly . 
  is this so strange ? 
  when the people are fine with democracy , there is no need for violence . 
  they just want to show the politicians that austerity also has supporters . 
  that 's enough of a statement without throwing stones . 
  and people who does n't want the country to go bankrupt . 
  you can act more or less on it . 
  i 'd like to think most try not be prejudgmental . 
  to then treat every gypsy as a thief would be prejudice , and thereby intolerance . 
  but just having a bad impression of a group does not say that you will act in a prejudiced manor because of this impression . 
  i thought you were under a massive hispanic immigration wave . 
  well , kind of . 
  there are now a large population of africans in every nordic country . 
  this should n't be all too strange , has not immigration been on the rise where you are from ? 
  in this case it 'd be easier if the french guy checks his sources , he 's the one with access to the better ones . 
  burden of proof is for every claim , not just the first one . 
  we just have two opposite claims who both have the burden of proof . 
  it would be rally weird if theft was not punishable by prison . 
  it commonly is . 
  my assertion is correct . 
  what he 's talking about would not fall under `` the violence required to do this . '', 
  i ca n't say i saw anything like that . 
  disproving does n't work without proof . 
  far from . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_by_birth_rate are you thinking about fertility rate ? 
  source ? 
  most countries have at least had enough births to retain natural growth for the time being . 
  germany 's birth rate may be the lowest in the world . 
  at this rate you need to replace over a quarter of your population with immigrants for every generation . 
  and you have some catching up to do . 
  you have rebounded slightly form 2011 due to some labor immigrants returning , but you 're still down a million from 2010 when they left . 
  do you seriously think you can replace the rapidly shrinking population with immigrants in the long term ? 
  you 've also had a slightly higher fertility rate . 
  they are clearly trying to keep the women from leaving while the police are called to the scene .
