  buy from the guy or buy from the state ? 
  could you maybe provide a synopsis for non finns ? 
  to whom does the new land belong every year ? 
  yep , and those parades are always the important ones for change . 
  yep , i 've met one . 
  they are really uncommon , but they do exist . 
  social democratic policies might not seem all too far right . 
  but currently the term is being used to label anyone who wants take in fewer immigrants , or just not more than today . 
   if a pride parade provokes someone , then that person has a much bigger problem than the parade organisers if a pride parade provokes someone , that parade is hitting the spot in needs to . 
  these are the cheapest areas close to the city centre . 
  less urban environments tend to be less attractive to our refugee population . 
  do n't know , but i think he means muslims in sweden probably are n't of the same race as swedes . 
   but does that strengthen or weaken the argument for mass immigration from countries where they still kill homosexuals because it is their religion ? 
  does this mean that our muslim exclaves will be shitholes for centuries ? 
  and does that mean that mean that it is a good idea to accept an entire ume\u00e5 ( city of ~ 80 000 inhabitants ) of immigrants every year for the next 4 years ? 
  i do n't quite think we can draw that conclusion from this . 
   yes only slightly ... 
  math education in sweden is not the best in the world . 
  hey , my memory served me better than yours . 
   yes . 
  they are fenno-swedes . 
  labeling them as either swedes or finns would be erasing a minority ... 
  sort of like the so called anti-racists who are labeling samis as swedes eventhough they 've fought for decades for the right to be recognised as an ethnic minority . 
  yeah , they are still not less swedes than you or i. 
  different within the people living in sweden is often much larger than those between i and a finlandssvensk . 
  if you continue your argument you 'd end up with no one being truly swedish . 
   but still claiming that 7 000 is a majority out of 32 000 i was obviously slightly of . 
   you 're claiming that swedes who lived in the baltics for generations were still swedes and therefore as you wrote `` it 's not strange that swedes were easy to adapt to sweden . '', 
  seriously do you even read what you write ? 
  would you also refuse to call finnish-swedes swedish ? 
  is it really that racist to do so ? 
  the main difference is that these two peoples lived in a swedish society , although located in a land that had changed nation . 
  they did n't stop being swedes the moment the land changed hands . 
  we did n't have any baltic refugees after that , so i just assumed you meant the ones who fled at the end of the second world war . 
  you 're correct that the cold war mostly is considered to have started in started in 1947 though . 
   you 're making the claim that through generations immigrants can never change adapt or assimilate not really . 
   i ca n't actually find any source that coroborates your claim we do know 7000 estonian swedes arrived , since many arrived under state agreement with germany . 
  the rest of the numbers are slightly uncertain but not hard to find . 
  http://www.svd.se/baltflyktingarna-har-bitterheten-gemensamt sources seem to confirm that estonian swedes made up at least a quarter of the refugees . 
   if we were to accept that statement as true that is kind of like saying that the people living in minnesota are swedes/norwegians and not americans . 
  estonian swedes are/were a lot like finnish swedes . 
  they speak the language and maintain strong cultural ties . 
   that is in other words extremely stupid and a bit racist as that would imply that these muslim exclaves that we currently have in our country are never going to accept modern western liberal values but will always be shitholes of sexism , homphobia , and racism . 
  and that would beg the question why do n't we just throw the fuckers out if they ca n't learn modern western liberal values ? 
  you lost me there . 
   hell even the baltic refugees during the cold war presented little to no problems when integrating them into society . 
  the baltic refugees were mainly swedes . 
  almost the whole swedish speaking population fled , after having lived there for hundreds of years at least . 
  it 's not strange that swedes were easy to adapt to sweden . 
  he was talking about the comparison . 
  might be a bit spectacular , but still not all that many homicides compared to most foreign counterparts . 
  finland has some general problems . 
  we have problems with local immigrant areas . 
  he 's right that they 're different types of problems . 
  well , it 's not that bad compared to american counterparts or something . 
  the homicide level is n't that high compared to other countries , and the emergency services operate normally almost all the time . 
   to do it during volatile times to patch up immediate budget deficits is probably a bad idea . 
  you want to do it like sweden did it - during stable times when shit is n't on fire . 
   the whole `` it has never been tried before '' was tongue in cheek sarcastic . 
  of course there have been great examples of that being achieved . 
  but recent history , especially in corrupt countries in financial trouble has been nothing but disasters . 
  in most , if not all , of post-soviet countries privatization has been mostly looting and cronyism with vast assets wiped out and the wealth transferred to the most ruthless and criminal people ( which is the opposite of what you 'd like to achieve ) . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  yes , corrupt counties should be careful to trust their politicians to privatise . 
  a slow pace is also recommended . 
  your examples are of very recent privatisations . 
  it might be easier to use historical examples , so that you know what 's just politics , and temporary volatility ( some employees losing their jobs for example ) . 
  most examples you speak of are de regulation , not privatisation of state assets . 
  a few schools were privatised , and very few hospitals . 
  they were sold mostly to employees . 
  telia was always solely operated by the state , even though that was a part privatisation of assets . 
  apoteket and nordea might have been our largest recent privatisation sell of if you want better examples . 
  our railway is owned by the state , and the main operator is also owned by the state . 
  no privatisation has happened on this market . 
  de regulation has occurred though , and the state operator thereby no longer has a complete monopoly . 
  although competitors with the state are very few . 
   but the experiences even in the least corrupt countries have been mixed at best and in corrupt countries we have russia as an example of what privatization leads to . 
  absolutely . 
  sweden has privatized most state assets over the last 200 years . 
  the largest one the last century was the majority of our forests industry being sold of for billions . 
  sweden being one of the most privatised and free market economies in the world has improved our efficiency immensely and is often quoted as one of the reasons for our success . 
   there 's usually a link between the general leftiness of the government and its policies and the leftiness of the population . 
  there are two different types of left though . 
  at least in the nordics . 
  there are the social democratic ones who implement [ liberal socialism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_socialism ) , and the left who often stem form communist parties and want more socialism . 
  the latter is called far-left and the two have often held hostile attitudes towards each other . 
  the so called right wing parties are mostly want either liberalism or [ social liberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_liberalism ) . 
  the so called far-right vary a lot by country but often support liberal socialism , but with more conservatism and less immigration . 
  it 's kind of complicated . 
  it 's already pretty much a puppet state , so why not ? 
   most europeans can talk english or hire translators , not when it comes to lower level employees . 
  i 'm tired , i misread your comment . 
  [ georgia is too ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/39/europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg/1280px-europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg.png ) many also forget that kazakhstan may also claim to be part european . 
   20 times better iirc are you kidding , did they seriously quantify it ? 
   the reason why nordic countries have become one of the most developed and prosperous economies in the world is because in there the market runs free . 
  this is actually very true . 
  the nordic markets are exceptionally liberal , a fact many tend to forget . 
  it 's seen as an integral part of the [ nordic model ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_model ) , and is very much one of the keys to our success . 
   no regulaion : there is no competition because big business owns everything . 
  [ natural monopolies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_monopoly ) apply to only a few industries .
