  you are allowed to use the violence required to do this . 
  the girls clearly want to leave the area having been caught red handed . 
   well there is one obvious answer people are going to give which one is the obvious one ? 
  just asking because i 'm interested . 
  i 've heard finnish people sometimes find us annoying , but i did n't know we hated you guys back . 
  i rather want your comments on the bottom , than the ones actually arguing the problem . 
  you contribute nothing . 
   ok ... let 's say that products currently not allowed in some eu countries will suddenly be allowed . 
  free trade is freedom to move stuff , it has little to nothing to do with what you 're allowed to sell or do with the stuff . 
   the economy boost will benefit the corporate sector . 
  eh , sure . 
  why would n't it ? 
  companies make up most of the economy . 
   on the other hand - i 'd love to see sources on how it benefits the consumers and general public . 
  because i really do n't think there 's any such source around . 
  you do n't believe free trade will boost the economy ? 
  i thought that was uncontroversial . 
  ttip is not a specific agreement . 
  ttip is the code word for eu-us trade agreement . 
  since there is broad political and public support for reaching an agreement they are currently negotiating about how such an agreement could look . 
  this is what has riled up some people . 
  i do n't think there is a point of signing anything before the full proposal is done . 
  we more support the intent since there is no finished product to judge . 
  can people start making those good arguments your talking about instead of this ad hominem bullshit . 
  make me learn from reading comments . 
   germany ( 49,359 ) it 's not that many . 
  they started to come as refugees during the second world war , but reached a high point as labor immigrants during 1951-1960 . 
  the strong undamaged swedish industries made swedish the riches country in the world during that time , and we had more available industrial jobs than we had people capable of taking them . 
  they were quickly integrated into the swedish society and intermarried . 
  there are few new german immigrants . 
  swedish source : http://www.immi.se/encyklopedi/tiki-index.php?page=tyskar, 
  a democratic communist party might be a oxymoron . 
  but v\u00e4nsterpartiet are communist supporters forming a party . 
  they do try to keep it down a bit but are you seriously arguing they do n't see communism as ideal , that they are not communists ? 
  they 'd prefer party of former communists . 
  but i do n't know if i trust that they 've left it behind . 
  they recently dropped the name , but they are very much comparable to all other communist parties in europe . 
  they still support communism . 
  but do not think it currently can be adopted in sweden . 
  they are very much like other eastern communist parties . 
  `` threatened with weapons '' and `` ordered to leave by armed guards '' is not really the same thing . 
  not all countries like it when our communist party sends out people to observe . 
  i 'm more concerned with what they said about electoral fraud :  `` we have seen the obvious electoral fraud , like at a polling station where a female official was told by a man standing next to her on how to fill out her ballot , '' she told the newspaper . 
  `` when we pointed that out we were thrown out . '', 
  they never speak of the ethnicity or nationality . 
  it 's done in order to not entice hatred against minorities . 
  it 's efficient but can be misleading sometimes . 
  though there have been high profile honor killings and such for which they have n't been able to hide the true ethnicity . 
  how secular are they compared to akp and chp ? 
  are mhp considered kemalists too ? 
  i have to admit i kind of feel russia deserves it . 
  but that does n't make a difference in that it 's mainly the right thing for football . 
  if they can get the world cup again without corruption playing a part , then i 'd be all for it . 
  logical fact ; i 'm not a sicentist , nor need i be though . 
  if it 's verifiable , it 's a fact . 
  i can verify that i do n't generally find opinions interesting . 
  it 's an unquestionable fact due to only being verifiable by me , although i might be lying . 
  the sentence can also be interpreted as a hypothesis about how the general human would react to hearing a random opinion . 
  this is rather what i was implying . 
  and then it 's certainly not an opinion about how the general human being would react , it 's a guess or hypothesis . 
  ( in science it would be a guess , in logic they are the same ), 
  are you equating an answer with an opinion ? 
  it 's an hypothesis trying to explain a phenomena . 
  he has a right to his opinions , nothing to argue . 
  i could say i do n't share them , but who gives a shit . 
  an opinion without an argument is generally not all too interesting . 
  non-western would be hard to define though . 
  i do n't know what would be a better question . 
  i live in an upper middle class neighborhood , and in some ways you are correct . 
  if you limit your definition to recent immigrants from outside europe , your claim is mostly true . 
  they are segregated from the middle class and we do not normally meet or speak with them . 
  not because we do n't want to , it 's just the state of how separated our society is . 
  there are many second generation immigrants from all over the world though , and some are indeed very good friends of mine . 
  he said most . 
   they were at one point ( independent states ) . 
  no , never . 
  when not under a crown they 've always been in a union . 
   the eu sets your vat , your road and food regulations . 
  only food correct of the three . 
  vat is completely free . 
  road regulations are mostly free , depends on your definition . 
  but switzerland is not even in the eu . 
  good choice . 
  i do n't know , but states and countries might be slightly different in this context . 
  original content from / u / -- derp -- and posted in : http://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/35iwo9/typisk_j%c3%a4nkare_enligt_samh%c3%a4llsboken_%c3%a5rsk_69/ ask him . 
  shhh let 's see for how long he goes on . 
  painting a normal guy representing each country would make it impossible to see where he 's from . 
  caricatures might be necessary . 
   textbook oh , so that 's what it 's called in english . 
  screwed up my title a bit . 
  not sure . 
  it 's a civics book for ages 12-15 , and the part of the sentence we can see under the picture looks says : `` if you ask an american to point out sweden on a map he might point at ... '' but i do not know what it 's trying to teach by this . 
  it would be nice to hear about the cases when you get along though . 
  there must be some friendly relationships brewing in the midst of it . 
  isis is quite the wealthy organisation . 
  interviews would definitely be more informative . 
  maybe the rioters do n't trust their ability to argue for their case , and still want to express their views . 
  then violence would be the only option . 
  although we know their position very well , it might be hard for us to be convinced to by violence . 
  maybe riots will bring the topic up for discussion by more people at least .
