  what does that mean ? 
  you really ca n't trust their point calculating algorithms . 
  ** edit : ** i should probably start ending each reply with a question . 
  easier for you that way . 
  seriously , your whole comment chain is showing 0 points . 
  did someone go through the effort of downvoting all your comments ? 
  but not greece . 
  and that 's our choice to make . 
   they are not bailing out eurozone , they want to use efsm fund for financial support of greece . 
  we have actively chosen to stay out , still some think they have a right to our money . 
  we have as little to do with greece as does china or japan , why do n't you ask them for cash instead ? 
  sweden and denmark are in the exact same situation as britain . 
  there is no popular support for spending our money on eurozone problems . 
  we chose to not join what we saw as a fruitless endeavour , and we will keep to that . 
  well , i 'm of to bed early . 
  see you tomorrow . 
  i just did . 
  were n't you going to bed by the way ? 
  yes . 
  by the way , it was not i that downvoted your earlier comments . 
  that would have been rude . 
  a generalisation is never correct for individual people . 
  they are used as a substitute when you either do n't have access to enough information on the individual or do n't care enough about the individual case . 
  rather generalising . 
  was n't asking . 
  i 've never had coffee machine conversations , i would n't know . 
  i guess you 're just quiet in finland . 
  ah sarcastic is the word . 
  edit : you do n't think banter by the coffee machine is fun ? 
  oh , thought you were being ironic . 
  thanks man , 
  why so ? 
  i kind of like banter . 
  hey , i 'm also procrastinating , 
  you seem to have the answers ... 
  so why are you still replying ? 
  the interesting question is why i still provide replies , is n't it ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're on about . 
  i can hear you good . 
  just do n't care about it enough , hope that does n't offend you . 
  sorry for having you waste time on that comment . 
  well , no shit . 
  you 've been a waste of time . 
  then we agree dude . 
  it 's a god damn redundant system and :  everything would function without the parliament . 
  they are just an extra check for having popular support . 
  eu would n't even have noticed much changing before the lisbon treaty . 
  eu could very well be a democratic functioning organisation capable of the same things even without a parliament . 
  so are you seriously saying that eu could not operate without a parliament . 
  was the parliament included because of essential need ? 
  the thing is that legislation has already been formed and approved by democratic leaders before it reaches the parliament . 
  thereby , there exists a full and functioning process without the parliament . 
  yes ? 
  an eu without the parliament would obviously lack the parliament and thereby not be exactly the same . 
  but that is not my point . 
  yeah , some new lisbon treaty stuff gave the parliament some powers . 
  i kind of like that . 
  especially that they got a say over the budget . 
  you 're right in that the council would have more power without the parliament . 
  but i stand by that everything would function without the parliament . 
  they are not an essential part of the legislation process , they are an extra made to spread out the power a bit . 
  exactly . 
  and we 're progressing really slowly , if at all , on that front . 
  well , it should be the majority of every country . 
  although some countries are represented by slight minorities , especially the ones using first-past-the-post systems . 
  i 'd still say we have a 50-60 % majority . 
  everything would function without the parliament . 
  they are just an extra check for having popular support . 
  ah , i meant your country 's population carefully elected . 
  sorry about that . 
   but i did n't elect any of the council members or their parties . 
  the council consists of the governments of the member states , and you carefully elected your government i hope . 
  ratify or reject yes , but they ca n't pass any legislation that the commission does n't want passed . 
  there is no misinformation in my comment . 
  yeah , that 's not exactly what they mean by energy independence ... 
  on a really small scale . 
  proposed by the councils/commission . 
  the parliament ca n't decide things but they 've been given the right to ratify ( or reject ) some of the councils legislation . 
  mostly for show . 
   therefore , while parliament can amend and reject legislation , to make a proposal for legislation , it needs the commission to draft a bill before anything can become law . 
  i believe that the intent is to transfer more power to the parliament in the future . 
  but as of today it 's mostly just a step of bureaucracy . 
  a few decades from now the parliament might have the power to propose its own legislation over eu standards . 
  i really like the councils . 
  the parliament is mostly for show . 
  the important decisions are made by consensus of ministers of the effected countries governments . 
  it works really well and i see no lack in transparency . 
  the parliament is awful , citizens do n't even know what the parliament does when they vote for it . 
  many parliamentarians are just anti eu politicians that sits there and boycott their country 's vote . 
  if a majority in parliament would have grater power than the governments of individual countries chaos would ensue . 
  luckily that 's not the case . 
   the way how decisions in europe are made is appaling in what way ? 
  trip wire triggering warning mines surrounding the camp . 
  wo n't be enough to scare him away , you need to fire an explosive round from a signal pistol at them . 
  if that 's not enough you 're required to carry a loaded rifle . 
  most likely you 'll survive if you have use the equipment . 
  see video : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-wiltshire-28324707, 
   the previous reforms made things worse and further cutting the state budget and taxing the people rather improving the budget by taxing people . 
   while investments are lacking and privatisations will be made privatisations are investments by definition , and tend to have a net positive effect on the economy . 
  although everything should n't be privatised , greece has a lot of inefficiently operated companies that has no gain by being in government hands .
