i understand and agree with your points . 
  i too wish people would be less materialistic . 
  not by chance i love going to / r/latestagecapitalism and / r/simpleliving . 
  however , people wo n't really take your points and ponder about them if you tell them so aggressively . 
  i understand that you might not care about making them think about life , though . 
  i understand your point , but you are n't going to win anyone over or even be understood if you communicate like that . 
  i still think the main reason is the economic condition and lack of job security in this new age of capitalism . 
  what you are right about is that part of it is also on the culture , as it 's becoming significantly more individual . 
  there was a cultural shift about family and children that did n't exist in times past . 
  still , i 'd maintain the focal reason is `` no jobs '' or insecure ones . 
  he was very clearly joking and barroso also fucked us over , so you wo n't see anyone `` proud '' of him . 
  besides , who the fuck is proud of someone else working at goldman sach , they are like the company everybody hates . 
  i did n't downvote , but i also did n't upvote , so all it takes is one troll . 
  i 've compensated now . 
  though my joke was kinda aggressive now that i read it again , so i understand why you were confused . 
  with enough effort and dedication , it will always fit . 
  wait , what are we talking about ? 
  did i seem offended ? 
  i 'm sorry i seemed offended , i just wanted to joke back . 
  i doubt she can distinguish most of us though , unless she 's spanish/portuguese herself . 
  if you were raised by sitcoms , yeah . 
  married couples fuck a ton . 
  [ this is the most portuguese picture you 'll ever get to see ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ma2nntt.jpg ), 
   brit girls have a thing for ** attractive ** non-brit guys in general . 
  there , i fixed . 
  that should be enough for you to figure out why you were n't aware . 
  yeah , why does n't greece just lift itself up by it 's own bootstraps !, 
  i was right in the thick of it the whole time , i 've read all there is to read . 
  you should try stopping your shitty southern european phobia , before commenting on any topic . 
  greece wanted to leave , you just did n't allow them too . 
  it 's interesting to see the same pressure is n't being put on u.k. 
  you are right about everything you said in that comment . 
  i was replying to what you said here :  the school wants to make it equal by banning all religious practice because you are there to learn not pray . 
  you seemed to have been defending this attitude , but i can see you were just concerned about logistic matters . 
  i agree , the religious practices should not be an inconvenience to the classes or school finances . 
  see that just reeks of ignorance to what `` praying '' is to the different religions . 
  muslims ca n't just `` pray in their head '' . 
  it 's a physical prayer . 
  the schools are held to social contracts as well , they ca n't enforce religious discrimination ( and i do n't mean just discriminating towards one religion . 
  if you discriminate towards all religions , that 's still religious discrimination ) . 
  honestly , i do n't understand why this would be so complicated . 
  as long as it 's not inside lessons and not damaging/inconveniencing anyone else , what does it matter if they put a mat down at the patio outside ? 
  i concur with secularism . 
  i think you should re-read my post . 
  i 'm not saying secularism is bad , i 'm saying you should n't overreach it . 
  there 's a different between saying `` you ca n't pray while inside the class on ongoing classes '' to `` you literally can not practice your religion inside the school building regardless of having breaks and lunch breaks '' . 
  the latter is what the * commenter * above was defending . 
  `` you are there to learn '' , sure inside the classroom . 
  give students some freedom during their free time , though . 
  btw , as a european , that last chapter sounded like a parody . 
  each country is what it is , only americans treat europeans as a single identity . 
  it seems that that would greatly please some of the commenters on this thread , though . 
  it 's okay to apply that rule during classes , not `` school hours '' . 
  the title and article itself are just incredibly misleading , though . 
  my reply was directed at the commenters above and not at the article or the school director . 
   the school wants to make it equal by banning all religious practice because you are there to learn not pray . 
  i mean , this is n't very realistic no ? 
  you 've never had breaks in school ? 
  you are there to learn when you are in classes . 
  whatever harmless thing you do during breaks and lunch hour , should be up to you . 
  so you ca n't have any personal time while in the school ? 
  you are aware kids spend 8 or more hours per day on a school building , right ? 
  if they are not interrupting classes , there 's no reason to ban them from doing harmless things during non class hours . 
  it 's like if a school banned you from searching facebook in the hallways , because `` you are there to learn '' and you should do that other personal stuff in `` your own time '' . 
  they are all being equally treated in a shit manner , though . 
  schools should n't ban prayer , definitely not all together . 
  schools are supposed to be secular , not anti-theist . 
  does n't 100 % explain this economical phenomena but it was interesting anyway . 
  thanks . 
  it did explain that once they reach the peak , they can shut down the renewable energies from production but the coal and nuclear power just keeps on chugging . 
  however , i wanted to understand why they still need to pay customers to use the energy , why they ca n't just either store it or give it away for free and trash the rest . 
  i presume trashing it is more expensive than paying people to use it , however that works . 
   pay them to take our energy do you have a source on that ? 
  i 'm curious on how that works . 
  is `` trashing '' energy that expensive ? 
  they should have just copy pasted to practically every other country then . 
  lol , just act like you did n't go into a full muh freeze peach tantrum five seconds ago then , be my guest . 
  glad i could help , kind gentle free sir of the free internet !, 
  do n't hold on those incredibly grounded and well thought out opinions of yours , backed up by minutes of thinking while stuck on a toilet . 
  i 'm sure the earth will benefit greatly from all of them !, 
  you were making shit jokes about a sensitive topic and got mad that someone grounded your shit joke in reality . 
  nobody said anything about censorship , feel free to keep doing you . 
  i want just wanted to give you some food for thought on the consequences your jokes might have . 
  some us like to think about the consequences of our actions , i 'd just like to invite you into that group . 
  there 's nothing relative about the morality of colonialism , my friend , that was a indeed a good one . 
  there are 14 year olds reading this thread that do n't understand sarcasm and their views are being shaped by your jokes . 
  the 4chan experiment should prove enough already . 
  it 's still pretty ignorant . 
  we could try to stop taking advantage of a privileged status in an economical system that is * intentionally competitive * , for example . 
  i too do n't think it 's fair to be mad at modern europeans for colonialism , but if we refuse to change the economic system , when it only works when everyone can compete ... 
  seems particularly unfair to those countries , no ? 
   obama , hillary 's state department , those and other western powers as well . 
  who voted for them ? 
  remember i said brexit voters and other people in europe and the us . 
  it seems like you are purposefully trying to not understand my point . 
   all opinions are equally valid in my opinion , that is not true !, 
  just because you do n't understand an argument , it does n't make it a strawman . 
   nobody is arguing against the cause of the problem here . 
  i 'm arguing that they 're bringing problems with them that brexit voters do n't want in their back yards . 
  and i 'm telling you that the problem was created by the brexit voters ( and many other people in other european countries and the us ) and now they have to deal with it , not ignore it .
