   it is n't punishment to prevent them from immigrating to the uk . 
  if you make it impossible to live in their part of the world , then do n't act surprised when they come over to yours . 
  this is why people end up calling other people childish , because they are trying to ignore the consequences of their actions . 
   before you start trying to say that they 'll assimilate , some will , but most will stay within thier homogeneous communities most will assimilate , this is a statistical fact . 
  as long you help them , they 'll assimilate . 
  i do . 
  now go to bed , junior . 
  it 's past 20 already !, 
   it 's childish to see the violence perpetrated by these immigrants and thier disdain for the native culture it 's very childish to ignore why those things are happening in the first place , yes . 
  we tend to call people who are n't aware of the consequences of their actions irresponsible and childish . 
  you ca n't shit all over an entire world region and then act surprised when one or two guys from there are n't happy about it . 
  it 's also childish to punish a huge amount of people for the actions of a tiny few . 
   i guess i 'm childish because i wo n't be visiting europe until shit calms down . 
  see you in 20-50 years when you recover . 
  you 're also turning a cup of a water into a storm , if you know what i mean . 
  i hope we manage to survive without your visit , though . 
  it 's going to be hard , but i think we 'll manage . 
  if their opinion is really childish , then i guess so . 
  i 'm not letting my memes be dreams , man . 
  i 'll give italy the nod on almost any food they want but there 's just no way they have the best coffee . 
  it 's not even a competition . 
  it 's pretty much the definition of mediterranean diet , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  we were the ones being pirated all the time by those mean northern bullies :'(, 
  you have sumol in australia ? 
  wow , that 's surprising . 
  my favourite is pineapple , i feel like the other softdrinks do n't make pineapple drinks as well as they do . 
  hence the famous expression '' ... is pepsi ok ? '', 
  yep . 
  as for the people that die in the process that 's just our concern for the over-population of the world . 
  fun fact : many of the hospitals in lisbon are not earthquake proof . 
  please press f to pay your respects . 
  that explains all the small little islands , i guess . 
  we just like to rebuild our cities every 300 or so years , by resetting them to the ground . 
  i meant like , the things that will never leave the school curriculum are : the maias rank first and a visit to quinta da regaleira second . 
  i did n't mean they were both at the same time or the same year . 
  school never took you there ? 
  thought it was basically obligatory in the curriculum , after reading os maias . 
  i like to imagine you intently studying that picture for quite a few minutes before you loudly sigh and come to the comments for some answers . 
  i was under the impression they already found the tree that was hit by the lightning and everything ? 
  it 's what i heard on the news , firefighters were very confident it was the thunderstorm . 
  i like socialising with other people and shitposting on reddit , though . 
  will have to pay 30 $ for 2gb , which i do n't really need . 
  crap , i liked yorn for the movie discounts only , really . 
  really ? 
  that 's what i thought at first , but i keep looking for that info and ca n't find it anywhere so i was presuming it was n't true . 
  i have that one too , $ 9 not $ 7,5 . 
  that was my old one , i got confused . 
  anyway , $ 9 for 500mb is still very far from '' $ 30 ` ish for 500mb '' , so i 'm confused on why you said otherwise . 
  the yornx we both use is for all ages, 
  the 500mb are crossed over , though . 
  it says 2gb under it . 
  you get 2gb for $ 28 . 
  and that 's the red option , which is supposed to be used with tv and the home deal , really . 
  if you go for yorn , you can get 500mb for 7,5 $ and other better deals . 
  i 'm currently paying 7,5 $ for 500mb . 
   but otherwise , yes . 
  500mb for 30 ` ish $ . 
  what are you on about ? 
  this is not true . 
  you can get 500mb at vodafone for 7,5 $ and i 'm pretty sure nos and meo are close to that too . 
  no , i pay 7,5 $ for that and college kids get a better deal . 
  what a beautiful voice . 
  damn , he could have just edited out the parts he does n't agree with , like the rest of us . 
  like how bernie says he 's a `` socialist '' . 
  or how the american democrats say they are the `` left '' . 
  or how north korea say they are `` democratic '' . 
  just because they say it , it does n't mean they are . 
  until i see corbyn trying to seize something , i 'm going to remain skeptical . 
  i was neither agreeing or disagreeing with the sentiment , just explaining that you read it wrong . 
  that 's interesting , i believe you that it definitely affect them . 
  but there 's so many more studies pointing that the major link to school success is how much you invest in said school and the countries education system . 
   i live in a country where you ca n't join the traditional dancing group in some places because you 're not white . 
  some towns do n't care , others do . 
  triste , tavira !, 
   black kids in america are lower achievers in schools because they feel they are expected less as shown by statistics ... 
  it 's got very little to do with that . 
  it 's just that most of the black kids are in the shitty ghetto schools with up to 40 kids in the same classroom and teachers who are n't paid enough to deal with all of their problems . 
  that 's is n't the story , though . 
  re-read : '' ` they keep telling white people that they 're born into a society which advantages them over others '' . 
  clearly they are n't saying it 's the white people who have to take care of themselves . 
   people are saying white colored individuals were never held as slaves , were never treated as lesser than , therefor to categorize this as racism is an extremity . 
  well that 's a very ignorant view of history . 
  there were and still are today plenty of white slaves . 
  if the retaliation is racist , then it 's racist . 
  if they had chosen anything else to prohibit entry , then it would 've been a discrimination of whatever they had chosen . 
  since they chose a race , it is racist . 
  it 's the meaning of the word : discrimination towards someone based on their race . 
   i wrote an argumentative paper about this exact topic can you share that here ? 
   even when he walked in he looked like he did n't want to be there he pretty much did n't . 
   how is him winning eurovision a victory against that evil music industry ? 
  when you win it with a song like that it is . 
  you 'd be able to understand this if you were n't the densest motherfucker in the world . 
   it 's like when a team wins a championship or something , then says the smartest team won not really comparable because there 's no greater context around it . 
  he was * very obviously * talking about the music industry and not the other contestants , but you fuckers need your drama so enjoy . 
   he was talking about his competitors by saying that him winning was a victory for real music he was talking about the music industry , you dense motherfucker . 
   most european countries send artists who are pretty big nationally no they do n't . 
  everybody sends the trash or nobodies . 
   then why be there ? 
  he 's there to bring `` feeling '' back to music . 
  he said it himself .
