because if someone is n't converted they 're a jew if their mother is , therefore you can argue that judaism is an ethnicity . 
  well the philosophy goes along the lines that if people understand what they hear they might relate better in songs . 
  cold war , considering your flair you are hungarian which used to be a satellite state . 
  during this era there was the west ( nato ) against the warsaw pact in the east . 
  if they think very conservatively they might still see you are their enemies !, 
  afaik , it 's been stated that they 'll have more english in the song so that rest can understand ( it fucking sucks that italy does like this , their grande amore was the greatest thing ever and so were their last entry until they did the english edition . ), 
  also it needs to shorter ( 3 minutes ) for it to be played at eurovision , so they have to cut 37 seconds out of the track . 
  it 's a tribute to the book `` the naked ape '' , which is a big inspiration for this song . 
  in which has context about the evolution and how homo sapiens evolved in a different form from the gorillan ancestors and therefore we have different behavior and evolutionary threats , such as evolving bigger penises and the sexual selection . 
  the [ italian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-onrxfhbhb4 ) song is a fucking masterpiece , it 's lyric is a satire about how the western world try to understand eastern culture with westernized twist . 
  it also features how bizarre the western world really with intelligence being out of fashion here and how the only things we do is taking selfies and buying chanel . 
  just like we do with the younger generation of students in pe events shall we ? 
  everyone 's a winner do matter what , am i right ? 
  fucking hell mate , kids needs to learn how to lose , which no one seems to have figured out . 
  i just realized that when i dug deeper into the ideology 's which mp and s ran, 
  wow , our government is pathetic . 
  it 's just a coincident that no women were winners . 
  you have to consider how many people do n't get the nobel prize , but alright veronica consider it as a patriotic thing . 
  wow , really did n't realize that . 
  just saw the title and though , hey , f !, 
  can claim themselves to be a feminist government because `` we got 3 % of the votes '' . 
  that 's just embarrassing , and why are they even trying to make such a big deal out off being the first `` feminist government '' anyway ? 
  ~ ~ they are n't even in the swedish parlament , the only thing they have going for them are a single seat in the european parlament . 
  they are n't really representing our government and their debates are horrible , i 'm surprised they even got 3,12 % of the votes . ~ ~ edit : apparently this is our government ladies and gentlemen , i forgot how feminist s and mp are . 
  yeah , for that reasoning , i hate to write on the phone ... 
  the controversial part is that the source is of israeli origin . 
  and can therefore easily have favored israel in the situation . 
  patriarchy is a think to take into consideration when looking at news . 
  albeit , the incident is still very newsworthy and horrific , it should still be taken with a small grain of salt to maybe having patriotism . 
  i would presume to disguise their identity , so that they would be able to walk or kill on guarded soil without being caught . 
  sure , like i stated , it was a political decision . 
  i would also add in the unfairness towards italy during the versailles agreement . 
   wut we never liked hitler . 
   it did not prevent your country from being hitler 's ally though . 
  because the opinion of the people does n't have to mimic the political one . 
  especially an autocracy like italy during the fascism regime . 
  it 's also very strategic to side with germany because of their offer of military and technology . 
  that 's like saying `` if i throw up a ball into the air , then it 'll be in china in some hours . '', 
  fuck me , it 's simple gravity !, 
  how about that analogy instead ? 
  it 's the meme-pool , where the cultural values fight for natural selection . 
  turkey themselves decided that religious values , as in islam , is greater than secular . 
  it 's really sad when you come to think about it . 
  turkey used to be one of the most progressive and secular country in the middle east . 
  would you risk it when in the current state everything is fine and you can import cheap goods from the largest growing economy in the world ? 
  nothing internationally would have happened , with or without the recognition of taiwan . 
  but on the flip side it could spell hostility towards the taiwanese from the chinese front . 
  which is why you do n't apply logic to stereotypical national jokes ... 
  that 's the suicidal temperature for us swedes ... and you call it cold ? 
   why would you want sharia laws to not be objective ? 
  i never stated my opinions on the matter . 
   but they are still very objective . 
  no they 're not . 
  yes , most of it covers the same thing but there are still differences . 
  if they were objective they would all be the same . 
  which is n't the case . 
   women shall wear a burqa looks rather objective to me . 
  neither the quran or the sunnah forces anyone . 
  there are passages proposing that women shall wear clothes which are n't revealing ( same for men ) , but nowhere does it state anything to the regard of force . 
   there is only one sharia law , but there are many interpretations therefore it 's not objective . 
  it exists in many different forms . 
  even though the sources are the same , as in the sunnah and the quran , there are different scholars reading these are creating laws based on them . 
   anyway sharia law has nothing to do with climate change . 
  of course not . 
  but you 've commented that isis does n't deny climate changes where the context is about the homologi study of dup and sharia laws . 
  sharia laws are n't objective . 
  countries have different sharia laws . 
  although for the fenoscandinavian and german principalities they were ruled under larger kingdoms . 
  for the fenoscandinavians it was the kalmarunion while the german were the holy roman empire . 
  this map only shows the sovereignty of these principalities but not the union they had over their principalities . 
  yes lenin if anyone just wanted to fill the empty space which marx left open in his communistic manifest . 
  he even warned to not put stalin in charge of the union in fear of a downward spiral . 
  in all honesty , can we even state if * anyone * is a true marxist ? 
  i mean , if anything karl marx himself did a rather poor job of not coming up with every conclusion for the premise of the capitalistic view . 
  if anything , what is the right condition to even start a communist revolution ? 
  the resources need to be national and if anything it 's not really rational for the country 's economy most of the time . 
  if anything i want to see a rationalized modern version of the communist manifest , because it for sure can provide a good cause if it 's written with stable conclusions . 
  well it 's kinda hard in actually to predict potential interactions . 
  although i would highly doubt that marx would criticize the communism which soviet leaders ( at least the first big 3 ) , i would still regardless enjoy to see that someone actually went with his ideologi to an success . 
  optimism aside i could see him being enraged over the russian revolution , since lenin and stalin alone badmouthed any communistic future . 
  no one really dares to propose any communistic view due to prejudice . 
  although the sect of socialism has risen in many parts of the worlds , especially democratic socialism . 
  while communism run china have faded away from many aspects in the economic sector . 
  meanwhile both cuba and north korea have an unclear future for the fate of communism and authoritarianism . 
  because people associate communistic revolutions with the conclusion of a marxist leader . 
  when in actuality it has never been the case . 
  both stalinism and leninism has gone away from the radical view which marxism propose . 
  if anything i would consider titoism as the closest anyone has come to being communism . 
  although , it in itself was n't true marxism . 
  no denial that every aspect off the communism states were against individualism and for the communistic market it 's still just an aspect out of many . 
  or you know , it 's a coincident ? 
  green in islamic culture represent jannah ( paradise ) and was widely used for royalty during the fatimid caliphate . 
  not only that but it got the association with arabic nationalism during the arab revolts as a way to show independence from the turks . 
  and has since been used in arabic ( or at least muslim ) countries together with the other pan-arabic colors . 
  for the polish fascism flag i got no clue sadly . 
  but it seems to be the only fascist flag to future anything ordinary and not any nationalistic aspects . 
  all in all , it 's been a movement which has existed since 1929 , known as the national radical camp or onr as in the polish version . 
  are mine the only ones who did n't say so ? 
  they say that you can use it for some knowledge on the subject and then use sources on the site . 
  because wikipedia is n't a firsthand source .
