but that does n't mean that the eu needs britain more than britain needs the eu . 
  first off i blame people , not the religion . 
  it 's interpretation that leads to extremism , it 's choice that leads people to their actions . 
  nobody forces all the members of isis to do what they do , to believe what they believe . 
  it 's their own fault . 
  and actually , yes it is europe 's responsibility to integrate people . 
  if you want integration to happen , make it happen . 
  do n't expect it to happen . 
  do you want to know why the u.s. is so good at integrating people , they make it happen . 
  if i wanted citizenship in the u.s. they 'd make me renounce the queen . 
  they 'd make my kids pledge allegiance to the flag at school . 
  so no , i do n't buy that excuse that europe does n't take any blame in this . 
  um , did i say that we have to spy on buddhists . 
  i identified who exactly to spy on . 
  i just said the name of their school of law . 
  google it . 
  it 's real . 
  that 's where you should divert your attention to . 
  block the saudi sponsored mosques . 
  you can even employ muslims you trust to investigate these places for you . 
  my point is , you do n't paint this with broad strokes and blame every single muslim for what 's happened . 
  because quite simply , that 's bullshit . 
  calling for their extermination , calling for them to lose their faith , spying on every single muslim . 
  are those really the answers that you believe in ? 
  absolute hatred of muslims is n't going to solve this . 
  funny how we demonise hitler , and try so hard to do the opposite of the nazi party . 
  and yet for some , they seem to think that treating muslims like that is somehow different . 
  a lot of people on this sub . 
  i 've seen people call for the mass surveillance of every muslim in europe , the mass extermination of them , or deportation . 
  i 'd say they 're just as bad . 
  when you start insulting the faith of all those people you want to integrate with you , if you despise them so much , why would they ever want to integrate ? 
  you 're setting them up to fail with your prejudices . 
  it 'll never be enough until they stop calling themselves muslim altogether . 
  the more you treat a group of people like shit , the more likely they 'll push back . 
  this is n't to say tolerate terrorism . 
  this is n't l say accept every extremist . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  there is clearly a kind of muslim that 's bad , wahabi muslims . 
  ban their mosques , search for those muslims and you 'll find the terrorists . 
  i hear people complain that moderate/good muslims never speak out . 
  they do speak out , but they never get any attention . 
  it 's the radicals that get more coverage in the newspapers . 
  in the metro ( free paper ) the day after the belgium attacks , there were two articles . 
  one near the front pages where an imam in belgium anonymously condemned the attacks , because he was getting threats from the radicals and was told not to speak to the media . 
  then buried in the backpages where barely anyone reads , in the middle of all those advertisements , you had several letters by muslims condemning the attacks . 
  but people will all focus on the scottish imam that applauded the attacks because that 's what the tabloids focused on . 
   i have less and less patience for these apologists and their defence of terrorists just as i am sick of all these right wing critics that seem to assume that all muslims = terrorist/bad/evil / scum/not welcome/rapist/murderer / paedophile . 
  downvote me all you want , you 'll only just prove my point . 
  shh just go along with it . 
  oh additionally , in the evening standard today ( free newspaper in the uk ) there was a letter titled `` islam does not permit terrorism . '', 
  want to know what page it was on ? 
  somewhere in the backpage limbo which barely anyone ever reads . 
  on page 5 there was a section about local muslims in belgium being too afraid to speak out against the extremist ideologies . 
  they had to speak out anon because they 're being directly threatened if they speak to the media . 
  false . 
  this is just coming from a total lack of understanding of the islamic faith . 
  there 's a reason why there are different schools of law within the faith , which means that the faith is practiced differently around the world . 
  the only danger comes in the form of extremist schools of law like wahhabism . 
  [ i 'm talking about muslims like this who spoke up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77l7wgjy1b0 ), 
  they 're not silent , they 're ignored . 
  people speak out all the time , but it never reaches the newspapers . 
  whenever i try to speak up i get downvoted on here . 
  people do n't give a fuck what european muslims have to say . 
  no matter what they do it 'll never be enough because it does n't feed the story that people want to hear . 
  absolute bull . 
  what about the violent buddhist monks in myanmar ? 
  does that just not exist ? 
  or did you not know about it ? 
  extremism exists in every single religion and ideology . 
  and no this is n't whataboutism because it directly disproves your initial argument that islam itself is evil . 
  what you 're saying is wrong , and it wo n't matter because you 're just telling people what they want to hear . 
  wow seriously ? 
  you think every single member of isis is an insane , evil , religious zealot ? 
  seriously ? 
  what about the people that have nowhere to go ? 
  what about the people that have no choice but to follow them ? 
  what about the orphans ? 
  the widows ? 
  this is n't about debates , this is n't about talking to them . 
  the fight is over there . 
  have you even read anything about what what `` the west '' did to the middle east in the 20th century ? 
  there 's a reason why people are joining isis . 
  take away their reasons to join . 
  educate their children , give them their lives back . 
   the smart idea is to simply stop immigration and make moves to resettle the ones here . 
  and that will solve the problem ? 
  that will magically make isis go away ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  i assume you 're criticising me because it 's cool to hate people that appear to be or identify as `` left wing '' these days . 
  but no , i 'm not left wing . 
  it 's still selection bias . 
  the people that practice wahhabism are responsible . 
  because islam is n't this singular entity that you can paint with broad strokes . 
  it 's sects of islam that are the problem , and it 's the people that follow them that are the problem . 
  ideas can be criticised , that 's not what i 'm disputing . 
  you have to criticise the right ideas . 
  otherwise you may as well say nothing at all . 
  yes but you 're still using it to make yourself out to be a victim . 
  the intended effect is still the same . 
  the solution is the same as it 's always been .
