  they take pride in adopting aspects from the best cultures . 
  how the fuck do you think culture evolves ? 
  it does n't stay the same , it 's always influenced . 
  it always changes . 
  chicken tikka masala has become a part of english culture . 
  i think you live with a very backwards mindset . 
  and i sincerely hope that people like you are in the minority . 
  because what we need is unity and respect to stand against terrorism . 
  i 'm not seeing either from you . 
  have you studied these religions ? 
  who are you to say they 're not compatible with german society ? 
  why are n't they compatible ? 
  people were crosses openly i 'm sure . 
  does that make you uncomfortable ? 
  do you make them feel uncomfortable ? 
  so you feel the need to make others uncomfortable ? 
  why ? 
  because they 're different to you ? 
  people are n't allowed to retain any parts of their culture ? 
  at all ? 
  they ca n't hold any of their own practices ? 
  does that mean they can never speak their own mother tongue anymore ? 
  does that mean that , they should n't go to any restaurants that has food from their home country ? 
  they ca n't wear any clothes that represent the place they came from ? 
  they ca n't have any sort of pride from there ? 
  at all ? 
  it 's a personal choice , and they have every right to compromise their own values . 
  it 's their lives , not yours . 
  you do n't get to decide how much someone should integrate . 
  if they adopt your culture , and preserve their own . 
  i see literally nothing wrong with that . 
  why does it have to be so black and white with you . 
  why does religion have to be associated with a national identity . 
  where do christians go in that case ? 
  what country do they go to ? 
  they do n't have an israel , or an islamic country . 
  where do you send them off to ? 
  they have every right to practice their religion , and the laws in europe protect those rights . 
  freedom , that 's a western value . 
  that 's something that clearly you do n't respect . 
  because you 're not respecting their freedoms . 
  are there people that go to germany that do n't integrate at all . 
  yes . 
  are there people in germany that do n't want to integrate and are only there for the benefits . 
  yes . 
  does that apply to all muslims ? 
  does that apply to all jews ? 
  is there anything wrong with people balancing their home culture with their local culture ? 
  is it wrong for someone to have a religion ? 
  is it wrong to have `` affections of a foreign culture ? '', 
  you do realize this is a question of religion right ? 
  you can practice a religion and still conform to the culture and values of the place that you live in . 
  and btw , by law people are allowed to dress as they like . 
  from the human rights act :  `` freedom of thought , religion and belief -- you can believe what you like and practise your religion or beliefs ; ''  no discrimination -- everyone 's rights are equal . 
  you should not be treated unfairly -- because , for example , of your gender , race , sexuality , religion or age ; so no , treating someone differently is wrong . 
  and no , the examples you listed are n't the same as saying that you `` do n't want to be a part of your society . '', 
  but so are many things ? 
  that 's called having an identity . 
  it 's still not a failed sign of integration . 
  you seeing a headscarf as a political statement is your own problem . 
  because you 're the one assuming that every single person that wears the hijab is making a political statement . 
  you 're attaching that value to it . 
  oh so i assume you 're talking from experience and know for sure that this is what happens in every single muslim family in the western world ? 
  there are moderate muslims in the world believe it or not , and western muslims that have balanced their own values with western values . 
  but people like you seem to ignore that , and assume all muslim women have a hijab placed on their heads when they turn 10 . 
  that kind of ignorance and stupidity contributes to the problem . 
  not every muslim women in the west is coerced into wearing a hijab . 
  there are plenty of muslim women in that choose to wear the hijab , just as there are plenty who choose not to . 
  is it a problem that some are pressured to and in some cases forced to ? 
  of course . 
  but is that representative of everyone ? 
  and let 's not pretend like it is . 
  freedom of expression and religion are western values too . 
  i fail to see how wearing a headscarf is a rejection of western culture and values . 
  please tell how wearing a headscarf is a rejection of our culture and values ? 
  i think there are much more important concerns than the hijab if we 're discussing integration . 
  the hijab itself is just a headscarf , and once again a sign of modesty . 
  i fail to see what 's so wrong about it , if someone wants to wear it then why ca n't they ? 
  they can still hold western values and wear the hijab . 
  just because they wear a hijab does n't mean they segregate themselves from the rest of society . 
  so does that apply to the other cases ? 
  how is it failed integration ? 
  is it a failed sign of integration if a christian wears a cross ? 
  or if a sikh wears a turban ? 
  or if a jew wears a kippah ? 
  does this standard apply in these cases , or only to the hijab ? 
  why is the hijab mutually exclusive from integration ? 
  it 's an expression of modesty . 
  is a person not allowed to dress modestly if they choose ? 
  all they 're doing is covering their hair . 
  i do n't see what banning a headscarf achieves . 
  that does n't really promote integration since it 's a little contradictory of western values . 
  telling people that they ca n't dress a certain way does n't solve anything . 
  i also do n't see what you mean by no more building permits for mosques ? 
  it should be more about promoting the right kinds of mosques ( non wahhabi mosques ) with government certified imams . 
  really ? 
  because i also happen to know muslim girls who choose not to wear the hijab and they do n't experience that . 
  even from the same family i 've seen some wear hijabs and some that do n't . 
  got a source for that ? 
  every single muslim i know who wears the hijab does it because they choose to .
