  religion has always been about interpretation and being able to decide for yourself which teachings you apply to which context . 
  all those issues you 've highlighted can be blamed on poisonous schools of thought like wahhabism . 
  it 's the moderate muslims that have been able to balance modern values with their own religious values that are the key . 
  islam and western values are n't mutually exclusive , anyone who suggests that is the case is just as much of the problem . 
  you have to encourage moderate muslims , not attack them . 
  because they 're the future of islam . 
  so you 're basing this off of people that you know ? 
  look around you , there are people literally calling for the extermination of all muslims , and hyper right wing bs akin to the `` final solution . '', 
  can you blame him ? 
  look at the amount of hatred and vitriol directed at the islamic faith . 
  look at the reactions . 
  people are saying that the faith of 1.7 billion people is responsible for this , they 're spreading misinformation , they 're saying that every single one of those people are accountable for things like this . 
  have you ever heard an overwhelming number of people say that all irish people should be exterminated ? 
  that everyone that shares your beliefs , including your family , are part of the problem ? 
  have you ever had that ? 
  it 's not like he does n't give a flying fuck about the victims . 
  read  i ca n't believe , that europeans ca n't feel safe in their own countries and homes anymore . 
  i experienced terrorism first hand in my home country and i am glad and grateful to live in europe . 
  he even knows what they 're going through . 
  how dare you try to belittle this person . 
  i understand you 're upset , i understand you 're angry . 
  we 're all upset , we 're all angry , but we 're not monsters . 
  we 're all people here , he 's just another person like you behind a screen . 
  and yes , i did read your comment about being a gay person in egypt . 
  if i had acted just like you my response would be `` this is just straight up gag-worthy . '', 
  how does that feel ? 
  i 'm criticising a bs idea , poisonous solutions where blood must be paid in more blood is ridiculous . 
  how many times do we have to follow this cycle to understand that it 's simply not working . 
  you ca n't just kill people and expect their idea to go away . 
  those people have wives and children that will take their place someday . 
  the solution is a humanitarian one , not a military one . 
  wahhabism is not the only form of islam that 's out there , there are many schools of law that can be taught . 
  take away the incentive to join isis , prove them wrong , do more than just `` kill them . '', 
  that 's how you destroy isis . 
  why ? 
  comments like yours kind of prove his point . 
  haha , typical right wing solution . 
  kill them , that 'll teach them a lesson !, 
  have you learnt nothing from vietnam ? 
  how are you going to kill them ? 
  they do n't wear uniforms . 
  this is n't your donald trump fantasy land where guns solve everything . 
  you 're comparing saddam hussein , a dictator , to an organisation that has no country . 
  what a relevant comparison there . 
  your `` methodology '' is just bush 's strategy all over again . 
  has anyone ever told you the definition of insanity ? 
  there were a few things to take away from it too , like how our perception of spies can be so skewed from reality . 
  they actually messed up the first time , and he even said the quality of agents has fallen over time . 
  then the second attempt was hardly slick . 
  it was completely alarming that they were happy to risk collateral damage like that , radiation was even found on a damn ice scream scoop . 
  it 's scary to think how many people must 've been affected by it . 
  oh yes , because in two generations those are going to be the only choices . 
  oh my god , your reply is dumb . 
  i guess reading comprehension is n't your strong suit ? 
  the first link sure , data collected from muslims in europe . 
  but that 's not the focus of the study . 
  and none of it displayed anything in regards to crime . 
  and yes , it is a question of which are british born or not . 
  because not all muslims are the same . 
  go to a religious studies class , and pay attention to the parts about `` islam '' because clearly you lack any understanding about the faith itself . 
  clearly a sunni and shia is still the same to you . 
  clearly an immigrant and a third generation european muslim is the same to you . 
  it 's not irrelevant at all . 
  to say so is naive . 
  well how can you expect me to respond to a document that 's in a foreign language ? 
  i do n't even know what it says . 
  how can i have an informed opinion about something that i ca n't read ? 
  so what do you want me to say ? 
  that 's anecdotal evidence . 
  that does n't represent a large portion . 
  hezbollah and hamas oppose the state of israel , which is why they receive `` support . '', 
  because many muslims are pro-palestine . 
  it 's no different to anyone that supports israel , because they too support terrorism if that 's the case . 
  if we 're talking about ideals , religion , and what people believe . 
  you will find that they would not 100 % align to any of them , otherwise they 're not moderates . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  additionally hamas and hezbollah are not the same as isis . 
  though they 're all classified as terrorist organisations , they stand for different things . 
  islam is extremely diverse . 
  even within sunni 's and shias you have many sub groups such as hanafi , maliki , sufi etc. 
  to generalise as you 're doing is not the correct approach to take . 
  in fact generalising in this case is just a bad idea . 
  no they do n't , otherwise they 're not moderate . 
  they do speak out , but their voices get drowned out or ignored . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  take a look [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3g-o2nkau6e ) , [ and here ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/the-british-muslims-not-afraid-to-fight-extremism-9985531.html ) , [ and here ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/paris-attacks-british-muslims-condemn-isis-terrorism-through-newspaper-advert-1529388 ) , [ and here ] ( http://www.beliefnet.com/columnists/commonwordcommonlord/2014/08/think-muslims-havent-condemned-isis-think-again.html ) , [ and here ] ( http://www.conspiracyschool.com/blog/wahhabis-and-salafis-are-not-sunnis ) , [ and here ] ( http://www.shoah.org.uk/2015/10/13/wahhabis-and-salafis-are-not-sunnis/ ) . 
  but there still is a choice ( depending on the family ) . 
  i 've seen girls from families that you 've described and situations that you 've described that still do n't wear the hijab . 
  i mean it is a double standard in terms of standards of modesty . 
  that i will agree with . 
  but i do n't think it is a rejection of western values in itself . 
  especially if a woman chooses to wear the hijab herself . 
  because it is a symbol of modesty . 
  all religious text are about interpretation . 
  that 's how wahhabists justify their actions for instance . 
  and yes , the core is that allah himself dictated the substance of the book . 
  but the book was n't delivered to the modern day was it ? 
  it was delivered to the people of that time . 
  that 's why modern interpretation is needed . 
  as for your point about islamic law and western law , the two are n't actually mutually exclusive .
