  for instance , islamic law already exists in western law . 
  any law based on the 10 commandments is islamic law . 
   a large portion of muslims worldwide is illiterate and depended on what their local imam or family teaches them . 
  this can be both good and bad depending on the interpretations of that particular imam . 
  and i think that 's a huge problem . 
  islam itself is n't the problem . 
  it 's the way it 's being taught , and what is being taught . 
  it 's extremely easy to mislead someone , or to plant the wrong idea into someone 's head . 
  ahmaddiya for instance , prey upon vulnerable muslims to teach them about this person in pakistan that they worship as a prophet . 
  another issue is that the nation that supposedly represents islam , saudi arabia . 
  is n't actually an accurate representation of the entire muslim population . 
  they 're wahhabi . 
  so when people look at islam , they associate it with what they see in saudi arabia . 
  whereas somewhere such as indonesia which is 90 % muslim is overlooked . 
  it 's understandable why saudi is seen to represent all islam since it 's the holy country and such . 
  but saudi itself is problematic . 
  the core elements being the ones that reinforce the `` 5 pillars '' which are the most important things . 
  that 's strange to say because the quran is one of them . 
  and the problem you also have is the different schools of law/thought and their attitudes towards the quran . 
  are you a hanafi ? 
  maliki ? 
  it 's not for me to say what the core elements are . 
  i feel that religion is a personal thing . 
  it 's a strange thing , humans telling other humans how they should worship god . 
  is it not ? 
  what i feel are the core principles are the same that you 'll find across the abrahamic faiths . 
  the principles which promote peace and love . 
  if you ask me personally what islam teaches me , it 's to be a good person . 
  i know plenty of muslims that accept gay rights , and gay marriage . 
  the reason why a lot of muslims are intolerant towards gay people is because they do n't know any better , and they 're taught to behave that way . 
  even though they 're taught , just as christians are , that god has a plan for everyone . 
  ( i 'm actually starting to enjoy this discussion with you btw , thank you for not being close minded about this and actually taking the time to respond civilly ) . 
  because they 're open to more ideas outside of strictly following what they 've been taught to . 
  it means that they can decide for themselves what they truly believe , or teach them to interpret the quran in a different way . 
  a moderate muslim can still believe in the quran . 
  but do n't make the mistake in thinking that every single muslim in the world knows the quran off by heart . 
  a lot of them have n't read it , or do not understand it . 
  i do n't think that it 's a necessity to not believe in the quran anymore . 
  only , a necessity to recognise the context that it was written in . 
  and that you have to try to apply the core teachings of the quran in a modern context . 
  therefore preserving the key elements of the quran whilst being able to integrate . 
  i disagree that islam is incompatible with integration . 
  the young , well educated muslims that are emerging . 
  aka the moderate muslims . 
  are proof of this . 
  that 's hardly fair . 
  why is opening yourself as a possible mate a requirement for integration ? 
  plus , that 's assuming that a girl that wears a hijab would n't date a non-muslim . 
  but that does n't mean that it 's a sign of failed integration . 
  assuming that you believe that religion is incompatible with integration in western society . 
  you can disagree with it all you like , it does n't make it any less true . 
  do you know about islam ? 
  at all ? 
  i mean just look at the wikipedia article and it 'll even say it there , it 's worn `` as a form of modesty . '', 
  and that it 's a `` symbol of modesty and privacy . '', 
   because islam in it 's common form is about where christianity was during the wars of religion in europe that 's a generalisation if i 've ever seen one . 
   if you want to do that then why are you here in germany , in europe ? 
  look at the germans who went to america , the anglicise their names and spoke in english to their children only . 
  do you eat doner kebab ? 
  or go to chinese restaurants ? 
  or any non german restaurant for that matter ? 
  because in your world those should n't exist . 
  in your world no other flags should be seen but the german one in your country . 
  no other national dresses or dresses from other countries should be seen . 
  that 's just sad and selfish . 
   it make me feel like you want to get the benefit of our society without the work . 
  like a parasite feeding on the host . 
  that 's your problem . 
  they 're only parasites if they literally do n't work at all , or if they do n't pay their taxes , or if what they do is illegal . 
  if that 's not the case , if they 're hard working , law abiding citizens , then i do n't see what the problem is ? 
  how can you liken anyone that balances your culture with their own a parasite . 
   many country in europe have an official church and are thus christian countries ... and how did that happen ? 
  i suppose they integrated with the local culture right ? 
   yes and the law also protect my right to be made uncomfortable and regard them as permanent foreigners ... and they have every right to ignore your opinion as irrelevant to their lives . 
  i do n't see why you take so much personal offence from a headscarf . 
  i do n't know why that makes you uncomfortable , or makes you feel insecure . 
  if you do n't like the hijab , look away , or close your eyes . 
  at the end of the day , they 're not hurting anyone , they have every right to wear what they 're wearing . 
  they 're doing nothing wrong . 
   i do n't respect the freedom to come to a western country and wear what is akin to a shirt that says `` i hate the west and what ever it stands for '' . 
  freedom has limit ... how the fuck is a headscarf the same as a shirt that says `` fuck the west and what it stands for '' that 's the stupidest thing i 've ever heard . 
  your sense of extreme nationalism is stupid . 
  someone has to say it . 
  like what the fuck . 
  it 's a headscarf . 
  it 's a fucking headscarf . 
  what is it about a headscarf that says `` i hate the west and what ever it stands for '' ? 
  all you 're showing me is a lack of respect for diversity and other cultures . 
  the world would be a very boring place if it conformed to your standards . 
  you clearly do n't even respect one of the fundamental values of western civilization which is freedom . 
  one of the big three things that the entire west is based on . 
  your concept of freedom is so skewed . 
  there are flawed aspects in every single culture . 
  including the german one . 
  but according to you everything must be adopted . 
  there 's no middle ground . 
  i hate the drinking culture in the uk . 
  i do n't like going pubs . 
  what 's wrong with retaining the good parts of your culture ? 
  do you really think the united states exists like it does in your mind ?
