  besides , what 's the reasonable budget for a backpacker ? 
  did you mean to plagiarize that other netherlander under that other reply ? 
  btw , both of you forgot a period at the end . 
  i wonder whether that word means something different in dutch . 
  that 's finland and a few others who require eu citizenship for free tuition . 
  germany offers free tuition to everyone else around the world too , and a couple others or so do too . 
  ~ ~ you must now be too drunk to reason with . ~ ~ ~ ~ or you just do n't have experience dealing with aspies , do you ? ~ ~ saw your response from my `` new messages '' page and thought you replied to my explanation comment . 
  then i came here and saw that you replied to my reply to the pole . 
  if there 's a `` gentler '' way to help someone with their grammar and spelling conventions , then i need to know about it . 
  i get that some people ca n't or would rather not have slightly thicker skin , and i have to catch up to accommodating those who do n't . 
  -- if you 're referring to the ssi while abroad , i read on the page you linked that if i study abroad , i can still receive ssi , so as long as i take classes at an indian college , i 'll be well off . 
  i posted earlier that i 'm also `` suspect '' of having [ asperger 's ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/syndroom_van_asperger ) ( no formal diagnosis there though . ), 
  that 's why sometimes , i accidentally come off as condescending , and wo n't know this until someone points it out . 
  -- i also stated something to the effect of :  as a * foreigner * who makes a social misstep , that 's more forgivable than if i make a social misstep at home because foreigners are less expected to know and adhere to local social norms . 
  that would make me feel more comfortable `` in my own skin '' whilst abroad because i 'd be politely shown the error of my ways , while still remaining on friendly terms , and given 2nd chances . 
  -- i want to travel as part of a job because i do n't think it 's best to remain in any one place for more than 90 days at a time . 
  if i 'm that mobile , i stand a far reduced chance of alienating people who expect me to have stayed around long enough to know their social norms by now , while i still unintentionally make mistakes . 
  so i take it that it 's not proper to help improve the grammar and word choice of a european whose english is a 2nd language ? 
  apparently that 's why you 're acting like this . 
   i * would recommend * contacting * the universities first to check that up . 
      if that 's true , it may be full of various * asterisks * . 
  if being there will still cost too much regardless , then welp , i 'll have to ditch the european backpacking thing entirely and settle for going to a public college in the cheapest part of india . 
  i 've heard that software engineers in india make as much as american ssi recipients do , so that implies that i 'll live in a much better fashion than i would anywhere in europe . 
   and maybe you should n't think about `` foreign '' soil as meaning `` not-us '' soil when you 're outside the us . 
  `` foreign '' soil in this case would mean `` us soil '' when you 're talking about us embassies in foreign countries . 
  now it clicks !, 
  well gee , when i know a user comes from a country whose principal language is n't english , i tend to lend a hand in grammar & word choice correction . 
  do n't you help foreigners with their dutch when they make mistakes while speaking / writing / typing in it ? 
  you still have some more work to do - besides closing the quote after `` soil , '' a diplomatic mission is n't * foreign * soil , or is , and not * us * soil ? 
  so vlogging is n't enough to earn money online while traveling ... ... what else must i do online while i travel , in order to fund my travels ? 
  wait , wait , reread your own quote , and try again . 
  maybe i 'd better do a `` trial backpacking run '' in mexico or canada first , within 50 miles of the us border , and cross back to the us every 30th day in order to stay within the 30-day limit for ssi payments . 
  then hopefully all my vlogging and other social media contributions from backpacking in either two countries , would net me enough ad money to fund a trip to europe all on its own . 
  [ what are you talking about ? 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/02/20/americans-can-study-in-germany-for-free-in-english-an-increasing-number-are-doing-it/ ), 
  then how about i just do n't disclose that i 've left the country . 
  how do you expect them to find out anyhow ? 
  not like they look at the blogs and other social media of their beneficiaries , do they ? 
  -- or if i have to call them for some kind of yearly `` check-up , '' i could make that phone call from those overseas bases / missions , and would technically not lie when i say that `` i 'm still on us soil . '', 
  i do n't expect them to ask me what state or town i 'm in now , because then i 'd be in a pretty tough spot . 
   and if the number of work visas is running out ( only so many are issued each year ) filling jobs with foreigners that ca n't be filled with natural-born citizens will surely boost the economy , so ... #why have a limit ? 
  i have a certificate in wind energy technology . 
  how helpful will that one be ? 
  on top of a bachelor 's in social sciences , and a minor in leadership . 
  right , i 'd work between classes . 
  no problem , i 'll just visit a us embassy / consulate every 30 days ( or more frequently , if convenient . ), 
  also , i 'll visit a us military base if i happen to make friends with a us servicemember or otherwise any worker of an american base . 
  as us diplomatic missions and us military bases are officially considered ** american soil ** , visiting them will reset that 30-day countdown so as long as i visit either place every 30 days or more often , i 'll remain eligible for ssi indefinitely . 
  germany , norway , denmark , and i 'm not sure of the few others . 
  i 'll have to find a list of all countries with free tuition for internationals . 
   when was the last time you had a job ? 
  a job that was n't temporary contract work ? 
  june 10 , 2016 , after working at a pizza parlor for 6 months & 1 day , the longest i 've ever worked consistently . 
  ( i left on good terms . ), 
  what employers will hire the `` adventurous '' types , and for what jobs ? 
  a backpacker ought to be deemed the adventurous type . 
   and in the end , your disability might once again get the better of you and you wo n't be able to work , yet again . 
  i need to get out of my comfort zone in order to get stronger . 
  by backpacking throughout europe , i 'd get out of my comfort zone , and develop strength . 
  by socializing anywhere i hike , i could strengthen my social skills too . 
  therefore , i could conquer my disability and thus last longer at my next job . 
  -- how do i get `` years of experience '' if no one will give me a chance to let me work up those years of experience in the first place ? 
  ( provided that they do n't hire me due to `` short job history . '' ), 
  -- what does the eu have in place of the ada ( americans w / disabilities act ? ), 
  hopefully the eu will have job-placement services ( like the `` workforce centers '' back home ) who could match me to jobs that aspies are known to thrive in . 
  ( there have been numerous famous people with asperger 's and anxiety , because they 've found jobs that they can shine from . ), 
  -- and perhaps i could also freelance on the side to build a portfolio to get my feet further in the door . 
  with a laptop , a smartphone and a standalone rugged digital camera , i could travel-blog , engage in photography , and make vlogs and put the portfolio up on youtube , blogger and picasaweb ( or a better photo-hosting service than picasaweb if there is one . ), 
   i 'd be interested to know what disability you have that lets you backpack around europe looking for work . 
  i am formally diagnosed with two forms of anxiety . 
  i 'm also `` suspect '' of having asperger 's . 
  otherwise , i am incredibly able-bodied !, 
   i guess i just wonder what exactly it is you 're fed up with about getting paid to do nothing when you 're implicitly able to support yourself . 
  i ca n't meet social skills expectations ( for my age , at least ) , and in an interview , you kinda need your social skills to shine . 
  also , as an anxiety sufferer , an interview can feel about as bad as a live theater performance . 
  but if i 'm a foreigner in any social situation - an interview , a bar , a church gathering , or anything , really , i 'm not * expected * to know the local social norms , therefore the locals are theoretically more forgiving about any social missteps i might make . 
  that 's okay , i do n't really plan to move to britain , especially post-brexit unless scotland commits their own scexit and joins the eu . 
  my first priority of countries will be any that wo n't charge college tuition to internationals . 
  can a backpacker convince an employer to help them get a work visa then hire them , so they can stick around longer and work towards a eu permanent residency permit ? 
  trump reference . 
  who 's the king of switzerland ? 
  why is it more `` clickbaitey '' than a real news site ? 
  i do n't know much about switzerland 's `` the local '' so someone fill me in here . 
  maybe not the exact website where i got it from , but given that many news sites tend to report on the same events , sometimes with wordings changed slightly , this one should suffice , given that it reports the same general story : http://www.thelocal.ch/20160822/germany-bolsters-swiss-border-against-refugees, 
  what could possibly be more sophisticated than europe ? 
  scandinavia 's society seems to be rather advanced . 
  they even let foreigners have college for free , so many necessities are already paid for , and even prisons are plush and rehab-oriented more so than punishment . 
  gee , wonder how ukraine is coming along in joining the eu . 
  what requirements do they have yet to meet in order to do so ? 
  well then , a ukrainian with access to the net ( perhaps at a library / net cafe if not at home ) can [ start here . 
  ] ( https://www.duolingo.com/skill/nb/basics/1 ) duolingo is always free . 
   there are ukrainians that come to my country ( latvia ) to earn more money in 2 months of picking berries than they would make in a year in their home country . 
  meanwhile people from here go to norway to do the same wonder why ukrainians do n't head straight to norway for the best income deal ? 
   edit : when joining the eu in 2004 the rough estimate to reach the level of france or germany for the countries joining was something like 40-50 years . 
  i wonder whether new inventions and etc. 
  could make economic improvement faster for these countries . 
  why are the lines colored there then ? 
  apparently gray lines mean that rail network is n't high-speed . 
  i 'm interested in remotely operating uavs . 
  in the us , the army has uavs too .
