now , how soon until a clone replaces it ? 
  i know , but are you talking about a specific medicine ? 
  what 's the name of it , and what 's it supposed to treat ? 
   it 's something we take for granted in north america , but once you land in germany there is much less of that . 
  i 'd gladly adapt to that when that means a tradeoff of not worrying about high dental and other medical bills anymore that my state 's insurance would n't cover back in the us . 
  ( i need braces anyway ; cost in the eu , and how well does insurance there cover them ? ), 
  same for not worrying about education costs anymore either . 
   now instead of a cupholder you will have a stickshift . 
  if you are used to automatic shifting while drinking something , you will hate driving in europe . 
  i know german cars wo n't have cupholders . 
  i 'll get a swedish vehicle instead . 
  if it still does n't have a cupholder , what say i get an aftermarket cupholder accessory ? 
  thankfully , i already know how to drive stick . 
  til automatic transmission is n't common in europe ? 
  ( seriously , how come ? ), 
   plus , to become a german citizen you have to live there for 8 years and speak german . 
  no problem . 
  i 'll happily do whatever it takes . 
  when foreigners marry germans however , how much shorter of a time does it take to earn citizenship ? 
   so you have to find a job and keep it for 8 years . 
  if i keep a job for 7 years and 11 months and the company closes the location of employment , does the 8-year clock start again or do they have some leeway , like stopping the timer until i find another job and having that timer run for one more month 'til i earn the citizenship ? 
   then you are required to give up your american citizenship , which puts you on an fbi list . 
  sources , please ? 
  i 'd have a just reason for giving it up anyway . 
   when you go back to visit your family , there is a 50-50 chance that you will either be denied entry or allowed to stay for 3 months . 
  would n't that depend on how i answer questions in a security interview at the airport ? 
   but good news : albania let 's you stay for a year at a time !, 
  have fun !, 
   whoa , sources for that ? 
  how expensive are their colleges ? 
  how much would i get paid per hour , on average , tutoring english ? 
  how are albanian employers on hiring americans ? 
  i want to adapt in any way i can . 
  i also just need to stay anywhere other than america . 
  if there 's a ** list ** of skills that eu employers want of overseas applicants , i need a link so i can see which ones i have ( or am interested in obtaining . ), 
  what prescription are you talking about ? 
  do you know what trump plans to ( un ) do ? 
  i ca n't stand the sight of my birth-country 's future . 
  he should n't have won the office . 
  i need to be the return trip of the inter-generational boomerang . 
  some of my ancestors arrived here through ellis island a century ago . 
  i must return to their homeland through an airport . 
  -- edit 1 : lastly , i do n't want to pay the ripoff tuition anymore . 
  if europe does the humane thing for all students around the world and abolish tuition for everybody in a few of their countries , i have no desire to continue studies in america any longer . 
  you make belgium appealing also , but have they also abolished tuition for everyone like germany and a few other countries have ? 
  you and a few others * assumed * i was going to `` buy '' an albanian wife when i , myself , said no such thing . 
  i never put the terms `` buy '' and `` wife '' in the same sentence on that thread . 
  it 's okay , people mis-remember stuff all the time . 
  i 'm guilty of it too . 
  this kind of diplomacy suggests that my account may have run its course ; it may be time to shut this account down and start fresh on a new one . 
  it 's an old account anyway . 
   it does * not sound like you will contribute anything to any countries here . 
  is the glass [ half-empty ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/pessimism ) or [ half-full ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/optimism ) ? 
   and looking for advice on how to buy wives . 
  i never mentioned `` buying wives '' once anywhere , that i remember . 
  you 're confusing me for someone else . 
  if you 're not , then kindly link to the post i allegedly made about `` buying '' a wife . 
   first get a job , let your employer apply for your work permit so basically apply online to any european employer , email a resume and submit an application , and pass a skype interview ? 
   why not go to canada or somewhere not so difficult to get into ? 
  canada 's colleges still charge tuition . 
  where else is not so difficult ? 
  of those places , which of them stopped charging tuition to foreigners ? 
  all i need is any ( legit ) way to stay and never go back ( at least not unless as a tourist with an eu passport . ), 
  wherever did i say that i intended to `` buy '' a wife ? 
  i ca n't wait for someone to link that . 
  practice makes perfect ; should i try hard enough , i may end up finding the right woman to marry . 
  -- i should be hard to remember when there are thousands of posters on this sub anyway . 
  no one can remember everyone , even weird users , because everyone 's weird in their own ways . 
  do you store my posts on a list of bookmarked pages or something ? 
  there are * plenty * of redditors around weirder than i am . 
  so many in fact , that you could n't possibly remember * all * of them , months later . 
  there 's got ta be another way for you to still remember me . 
  if this keeps up , i 'll have to deactivate this account and start a new one . 
  there are thousands of users here , and i have n't posted to this sub in months . 
  how do you still remember me , after * all this time * ? 
  surely you do n't have a supernatural ability to remember the thousands of individual posters and their posts , do you ? 
  i do n't see how you possibly could . 
  if you 're not making these claims up , links ? 
  sounds circlejerky , that comment . 
  i 've studied germany extensively on youtube videos . 
  their hdi ranking is several spots higher than america 's . 
  they amount to being a fairytale land . 
  i wo n't miss home / the us all * that * much . 
  if i get mildly homesick , i 'll have to make friends with an american military servicemember and have him/her get me a pass to visit their military base so i can feel a slice of home again . 
  my family ? 
  i 'll just see them on skype ( or other similar video calling apps . ), 
  schengen ! = eu , it seems ? 
  update : [ seems so . 
  i 'll have to try andorra if my 90 days in the eu is almost up . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area#/media/file:map_of_the_schengen_area.svg ) what are those other white small areas with weird shapes ? 
  those micro-countries , or just lakes ? 
  next would have to be san marino ( because monaco 's cost of living is too rich . ), 
  and then onto southeastern europe . 
  what do you know about albanian wives ? 
  i only need a wife who is an eu citizen of * any * eu country . 
  i said , who 's switzerland 's head-of-state ? 
  that 's provided i 'm * aware * that i 'm doing wanker-like stuff . 
  we often are n't aware that we 're being wankers until our behavior is pointed out . 
  as long as we do n't forget what 's pointed out , we normally do n't do that again . 
  you sound like you 're from australia or the uk from the way you use mate .
