  how about the ukrainian army ? 
  also , what 's the pay like for ukrainian army recruits ? 
  any gi benefits - college tuition paid for by government , health insurance , life insurancce , etc. ? 
  and i hope i do n't already need to know ukrainian . 
  how much are they willing to teach me a new language ? 
  -- for their air force : i already have a college education . 
  should n't that help me get further in their door ? 
  -- is ukraine allies with the us ? 
  i know that joining enemy factions is a prosecutable offense under us law . 
  i hope i would n't get in trouble with us authorities for attempting to join the ukrainian armed forces . 
   the kid who went awol was in my section and he has asperger 's syndrome , [ he had asperger 's syndrome . 
  ] ( http://www.livescience.com/37333-dsm-aspergers-disorder.html ) but all-in-all , how 'd this lal programme make it feel ? 
  what 'd it get out of you , and put into you ? 
  i went through another mental health evaluation . 
  if it shows such improvement to my mental health that it leads to my ssi getting discontinued , how about i join the air force then ? 
  yes , i had a jewish grandfather . 
  i need to find / r/askisrael or just / r/israel if there 's no `` ask '' sub for them . 
  how is the ukrainian air force recruiting ? 
  how much ukrainian do i need to know to enter ? 
  i want to go through that weeklong non-obligatory taste of army life !, 
  it 'll perhaps make me think twice about joining militaries ever again . 
  can foreigners do what you did ? 
  i suppose college is free in finland though ? 
  when were we supposed to stay on 'til ? 
   and sometimes citizens of former colonies ( thinking the uk & spain , in particular ) , to join . 
  we were a british colony 'til the late 1700s . 
  how about us then ? 
  i 've become disillusioned with america . 
  but i still wish to serve a worthy country . 
  i want an air force . 
  is there any european air force that takes in foreigners ? 
   there are many other jobs out there that will work better for you . 
  i 'm sure there are . 
  i do n't like job interviews . 
  any that does n't require a job interview , let me know about . 
  so then , what european air force will take in foreigners ? 
  if none , but will take in permanent residents , which ones and what would it take to earn permanent residency ? 
  upper age limit was 27 , last i checked . 
  i hope it 's higher for you guys . 
  i feel that i can hide that i receive american ssi . 
  i am otherwise healthy & able-bodied , and my mental disorders are easier to hide now than they 've been in past . 
  i scored 85 on the asvab , so i should do fine on your equivalent testing too . 
  what branch of what military in europe takes in foreigners ? 
  by the way , i prefer an air force . 
  i 'd be interested in the air force more than the army . 
  i ca n't join because they 'll find out i receive ssi . 
  ( i can hide my social skills disorders a little better by now than when i was first diagnosed . ), 
  a foreign military , otoh , would n't be expected to find out that i receive ssi . 
  does that legion include an air force ? 
  i 'm so jealous . 
  i needed to be born in sweden . 
  where 's the best subreddit to ask , `` why was n't i born in sweden ? 
  why america ? 
  for an ungodly amount of reasons , america was the wrong country to be born in . '', 
  i 'm still in college for many reasons , one of which being because i ca n't afford to pay back student loans ; it 's cheaper to pay community college tuition on my own terms in order to defer these loans . 
  -- what does it take to earn swedish citizenship ? 
  and what 's the upper age limit to join the swedish air force ? 
  i would prefer the air force . 
  if it 's the poshest branch of the us military , it may be for yours as well . 
  by the way , do you offer college benefits ( tuition paid by a gi bill , etc ? ), 
  and what does it take for a foreigner to get in ? 
  i already took an asvab in 2009 and got an 85/99 on it . 
  i can excel just as well in yours , i suppose . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f3/networks_of_major_high_speed_rail_operators_in_europe.gif did communist rule stunt the economic growth of eastern european countries so badly that their aftereffects are still being felt ? 
  even to where high speed rail ca n't expand to their areas ? 
  what plans are in the works to expand high speed rail to these countries ? 
  thanks . 
  if the most sophisticated continent in the world had a `` theme song , '' what would it be and why ? 
  switzerland 's standards of living must be as high as ( if not higher than ) germany 's already . 
  if refugees have already made it to switzerland , why do n't they decide to stay there instead ? 
  how do swiss rents compare to germany 's , anyway ? 
  if higher , then is that why the refugees want to continue on ? 
  ( i suppose several refugee families could room together and split the rent . ), 
  i 'm getting fed up of living in the us , so i hope that by taking a one-way ticket to europe , and backpacking around until i find a suitable employer , i 'll find a suitable employer who will sponsor me a work visa , and get me on a path to permanent residency ( and hopefully citizenship ) through my working there . 
  thankfully i have a us passport that expires next year , and hopefully can get it renewed at an american embassy / consulate while over there . 
  and in order to fund my stay there , i 'd have my monthly ssi deposits . 
  hopefully hostels are cheap enough . 
  how often do foreign backpackers find employment in europe ? 
  how well do those jobs pay ? 
  and how often do these foreign employees who started out as backpackers , become permanent residents and eventually citizens ? 
  -- i already have a bachelor 's in social science , minor in leadership , and a certificate in wind energy tech . 
  i hope that helps me get my foot further in the door in europe because i 'm stuck in a rut and going nowhere in the united states . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index what would constitute a country with an hdi of 1.0 ? 
  how does monaco exceed that by .088 ? 
  in the meantime , monaco is n't counted in the more official ranking of the hdi ( it 's counted in a separate ranking of exclusively francophone countries , however , and among countries that fit another category ) . 
  in the official rankings , norway reigns supreme at # 1 , but at 0.944 on the hdi . 
  how exactly is monaco better than norway by .144 ? 
  -- * ( nb : one ranking shows monaco at 1.074 , while another on that same page shows 1.088 . 
  monaco 's main wp page shows 1.000 flat . 
  i still hope to know how monaco exceeds an hdi of 1 by those other counts . 
  let 's say after the 1 year of studying in germany , where i 'd like to live for keeps , i ca n't secure a work visa to replace the student visa , or i do n't have another 8700 euro to prove to the government , in order to be granted another student visa . 
  once i leave for europe on a 1-way ticket , i ** never ** want to return to america as a us citizen . 
  i only would as an eu citizen , with an eu passport . 
  that would take years to earn though . 
  i suppose if i ca n't upgrade my student visa to a work visa , i could only replace the student visa with the 90-day tourist visa . 
  then during the 90 days , i 'd have to find under-the-table work tutoring english to syrian refugees and etc. , as well as online freelance work . 
  i 'd also have to find random youth hostels to stay in for cheap . 
  ** costs for youth hostels ? 
  upper age limits ? 
  ** then right before the 90 days is up for being anywhere in the eu , i 'd just have to ( hitch - ) hike to switzerland , a non-eu country , and be there for another 90 days , if their tourist visas also last 90 days .
