  yea , my point was india will be doing almost nothing because what it normally does is anathema to western elites, 
  it is weird to judge these methods when societies which deal with islam a lot more all practice extremely similar tactics, 
  replacing a society you have some organic connection to for one you have absolutely none to is indeed a bad idea, 
  twitter is the site which seems to have no will to regulate its arab speaking side, 
  the best part : a lot of this regulation will go toward shutting down evil racists . 
  by which i mean people who express negativity toward the grand multicult . 
  which is of course the actual reason we have this flavor of terrorism, 
  china deals with islam without regulating the internet, 
  10 sad stories which will make you say `` fuck having laws and shit '', 
  if all goes according to keikaku we will have : 1 . 
  an extremely far left labour government 2 . due entirely to centre-right incompetence 3 . and probably fairly persistent terror attacks 4 . 
  brexit will probably be routed , and the commentariat will defend such a thing with weasel-y nonsense oh this will end so well, 
  the thing is that the electorate are rather ... sappy in my opinion . 
  so threatening to kill animals ( as it is perceived ) wo n't sit well . 
  and taxing the sick elderly is bad too . 
  i am astounded the tories decided to go far to the right on these issues and not one which would be a vote winner : lmmigration . 
  oh wait , i 'm not actually . 
  enoch powell said they 'd never do a thing about lmmigration, 
  pfffft . 
  eu flags have just the most incorrect opinions i have ever seen . 
  weird how every attempt to corral and control the vibrancy just fails, 
  actually , you just keep them out, 
  actually people died because of xenophiliacs really . 
  not the christian idea of hell, 
  they do it for money , not safety . 
  i do n't understand why you do n't grasp this, 
  you 'll wont be rich forever if you keep subsidizing people with low social capital to have the kids you refuse to, 
  well it 's also a minority population mostly behind that too . 
  not sure what you think you 're proving, 
  the idea that saddam was keeping iraq stable is actually a bad sigh , you know that right ? 
  if i were the eu lmmigration czar i 'd have a feeling i 'd be flooding where you live with new europeans just to make a point : that you ca n't blame your own for everything, 
  i dunno , dealing with the virtue signaling after an attack is like my personal hell, 
  if that 's your opinion , why not just kill them ? 
  weird , wikipedia says there are no studies showing that lmmigration increases crime . 
  but then they go into minority overrepresentation in non-economic crimes . 
  there 's a trick somewhere my guess is the fact that crime in general has been going down in general masks the overrepresentation . 
  which is of course really lazy to look at such superficial details . 
  so lazy i wonder if they want to find a result and stop once they get it, 
  i also make impotent wishes to feel tough . 
  democracy : where bureaucrats make policy judges create law and the media shapes opinion and entertainment shapes contemporary mores power to the people eh ? 
  well done denmark . 
  you 're the best nordic . 
  now , destroy sweden and your journey will be complete, 
  well really bureaucrats decide policy . 
  so i guess, 
  i know whenever i want to sound important and wise , i call myself a realist . 
  it 's telling that an upstart party needs the endorsement of the previously established party . 
  does little to shake the criticism that the french system is designed to perpetuate the status quo, 
  swiss democracy or we go back to divine right of kings . 
  those are my conditions, 
  his good ideas on liberalizing the economy will help france . 
  his shitty ideas on lmmigration wo n't be a problem until he is well out of office, 
  apparently it is impossible for fn to get seats . 
  i was going to say , it 's like trudeau where he 's being anointed for good pr ( most of which is not his own doing either ), 
  except now she is pressuring social media to ban or suppress wrongthink on the subject . 
  so i question the idea that she just did what she had to, 
  i do n't know exactly how bad the demographics are . 
  however it is worth pointing out that absolutely nothing exists to stop or reverse the process of demographic change so it will not be changing any time soon . 
  but you said something about the economy : actually it wo n't be good for the economy either . 
  the advantages of cheap labour , in economic models , presuppose that the first world economy is maintained . 
  as such it fails to look at the long term effects of lmmigration . 
  namely what happens when national institutions take on the characteristics of the newcomers , who by all accounts maintain the same preferences as their nation of origin even three generations in . 
  basically the economic destiny is also imported . 
  sanandaji for life !, 
  and do n't actually care that they have either, 
  with an aggressive foreign policy like this they 'll be getting an attack any day now !, 
  this piece 's argument is that `` the far right said it so it 's wrong '' when it still states it is discriminating ( just with a really woke rationale ), 
  also , quite frankly , the principled democrats who are n't in it just for the money ( like clinton was ) are worse than the corporate hawks, 
  i am sure the woman who tried to distribute refugees is not just being disagreeable, 
  i do find it interesting how it is framed as solely their problem . 
  blog was better before it became popular . 
  so much great stuff he 'd never post now, 
  ah yes , one of the few achievement gaps you can actually talk about . 
  i am also impressed by something so meaningless in the end, 
  sounds like a backhanded compliment, 
  i did n't know these operations even existed, 
  but , as is the case with things like manchester , his explanation for it is probably very morally confused . 
  though at least the ira elucidated an actual political grievance . 
  whereas with jihadis it gets ascribed to them . 
  really awkward name, 
  fine gael , the charming brother of slave knight gael, 
  it is weird how these people with all the damning information in the world are such publicity hounds . 
  be it a former intelligence officer actually tweeting about the clandestine plots of his buddies to take down trump or this guy . 
  the person i was referring to actually exists by the way . 
  his name is john schindler . 
  he runs 20committee , which is actually a good site , and his stories on trump basically say no convictions are forthcoming ( albeit in a roundabout way ) despite his twitter bravado, 
  ever since louise mensch became the icon of the resistance i 've decided the odds on any of this are out of whack, 
  german lmmigrants made the us less english . 
  no really . 
  a british traveler lamented this fact . 
  particularly in the comedy scene at the time . 
  moved from subtle humor toward slapstick . 
  but they 've also been overrepresented in america 's military leaders so it was not a whole loss . 
  however , america 's history is still ruled by albion 's seed as it were . 
  in fact , the people who settled the south and wealthiest parts of the north were basically descendants from the two sides in the english civil war . 
  guess what happened in america ? 
  pretty glad my wife and i agreed to move up our plans to move away from the uk for a little while . 
  this does not sit well with me . 
  corbyn would do more damage than blair to the country so to think he could even get close is bad . 
  douglass murray 's upcoming book is about how our lmmigration policy changed drastically in 1997 and how much of a runaway disaster it has been .
