  as is individualist . 
  clannishness is the metric . 
  collectivist would include societal wide effects , whereas clannishness is more accurate because the point is they are unable to commit to wider society due to greater loyalty to a narrow circle of people . 
  so now he 's good again ? 
  i thought he was a neo-colonialist for suggesting for africa what publications like slate suggest for western nations, 
  israel is apparently okay with the anti-soros stuff top 10 betrayals, 
  he is actually part of the problem with dealing with terrorism . 
  he seems to focus more on ` hate speech ' following the attacks, 
  i should point out , the people who most like obama do n't seem to be americans . 
  he did some shady stuff with the doj . 
  diversity-related lawsuits would disappear after the companies donated to causes he liked i also do n't think being a ` huge progressive ' is good, 
  i considered that ... 
  to be honest , there is a middle ground , a lot of people with a foreign background are progressives because it 's advantageous, 
  hezbollah isnt really the problem now is it ? 
  but maybe i just do n't like khan, 
  yea , he 's really more of a huge progressive, 
  i non-ironically love how he out-flanked the french hard right by arguably nursing more extreme opinions than them . 
  and with the media 's help !, 
  i 'd rather be a european colony than a chinese one . 
  and those are the most realistic options many places will have, 
  well , with that we know she 's insincere or naive, 
  weird how british colonialism affected different places so differently ... hong kong seems to appreciate our presence, 
  his mutterings about kings made me double-take . 
  i like it !, 
  nah , eurocrats will return to population control measures once they realize they ca n't just give africa money and expect it to develop, 
  he 's really turned my opinion of him around . 
  hopefully he gets his wish and becomes king of france, 
  macron : 1 . 
  i wo n't talk to simple-minded journalists 2 . 
  i am the jupiterian president , which is why i do n't speak to journalists 3 . 
  you know , the french revolution was a mistake . 
  france misses its king . 
  i think we should cut the legislature seats 5 . 
  here 's some realtalk about africa 's excessive fertility long before it blooms into a crisis for europe he out-flanked the french hard right ... by being arguably more hard right love him . 
  this has been a pretty pathetic display by german police . 
  so much so , i bet holocaust deniers will use it to cast doubt on the idea that they could have rounded up the jews, 
  at some point you will look back on this as quaint and fooli - * westphalia * never mind, 
  i am fine with calling such parties loathsome . 
  but the pathological altruists who are the people in power now and creating what is effectively the _ issue of our time _ should also receive said language . 
  what is the end result of an afd hegemony ? 
  probably not so good for certain people . 
  but the same goes for the other group . 
  i 'll never get over the weird presumption this sub has that people are somehow wrong to see our elites as disconnected and blind . 
  may i suggest that you 're blind ? 
  lots of people have said it was n't , and many who now say it is bad still do nothing about it so they probably do n't mean it, 
  you guys have said this sub was being brigaded before when really it was just the result of becoming a default sub, 
  is that really an argument ? 
  every time you guys claim the sub is brigaded it ends up just being your paranoia, 
  this would all go away if you guys would just admit that mass immigration was a bad idea, 
  journalists got beaten up . 
  any footage of that ? 
  i would not be surprised if lots of users here sympathized with antifa . 
  at the very least the response would be different if neo-nazis were doing this . 
  mods included . 
  flooding their neighborhoods with unwanted foreigners is also exploiting them . 
  so i ca n't help but think people who feel that 's okay should also be listed . 
  fair is fair . 
  well , this sub usually has no issue seeing that there is a pressing issue , except now . 
  also , the top comment was removed from here, 
  popular comments agreeing with him get removed from the news item on the front page, 
  by the way , in sweden there are now male-free music festivals . 
  because `` men '' were committing sexual assaults at music festivals, 
  this comment was removed with 140 + upvotes . 
  at the time of writing this made it the top comment . 
  i wonder why : `` downvote away , it was a good speech . 
  obama went to cairo and spoke of the crusades - a defensive war after persistent invasions and massacres by the ` saracens ' - and came back with nothing . 
  trump went to poland , called it the ` soul ' of europe , and spoke of the importance of maintaining one 's identity , society and values . 
  western europe can pout all they like but they 'll soon get back to erecting bullet proof glass around their monuments , bollards on their bridges , funding classes on how not to sexually assault women and printing flyers on how not to molest at swimming pools . 
  this is not how 21st century europe was supposed to be like , for those old enough to remember . 
  something is going seriously seriously wrong on our continent and it needs to be fixed . 
  as i look around for western leaders to solve this problem , trump is the most articulate on this point . 
  in fact he 's seems to be one of the few even speaking about it . 
  so it ai n't perfect but i 'll take it over mealy mouthed nonsense and paralysis in the face of my fellow europeans being massacred every few months and the rise of enclaves of europe populated by people that detest the very values that make this continent - our home - exceptional . '', 
  i love seeing comments being removed, 
  maybe some people from outside the sub are here , since many doing this have american flags , but this subreddit is resisting a narrative it normally buys literally because trump said it . 
  as i said before , you guys would vote against charles martel, 
  https://www.interpol.int/notice/search/wanted/ ( requestingcountry ) / 290 / ( current_age_maxi ) / 100 / ( search ) / 1, 
  why do terrorists kill other muslims then ? 
  why are they in the philippines if it is all blowback ? 
  fact : third world immigration from mexico to the us has been bad  inb4 statistics which do n't actually look at hispanics in a thorough manner allow me to help https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2015/crime-in-the-u.s.-2015/tables/table-43 https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/ most data points parroted by the media look at immigrants as a whole ( something like almost half being from asia ) or survey hispanic prisoners to see if they are illegal . 
  they find few who admit to being illegal and say illegals do n't commit much crime . 
  clever , no ? 
  dogwhistling is right then, 
  corruptions are what we have to deal with, 
  we 'll close the parks the beaches the pools and the streets but not the borders, 
  you guys would vote against charles martel for complimenting putin though . 
  to be honest, 
  something tells me people are being resistant to the message purely because he said it, 
  trump 's speech , aside from the usual about how well poland has done after communism , is about whether the west `` has the will to survive '' being the question of our times how poland is a strong national example of a country with said will . 
  written by stephen miller, 
  i forget where i heard this but there is a theory that our best looking people tend to have norman blood . 
  which would explain a lot, 
  feel like i 've heard this before, 
  i could see the tories doing this to have `` broader appeal '' , and those they were appealing to vote for labour anyway, 
  all protesters or supporters are bused in, 
  technically , i did n't say that, 
  simple from here : 1 . 
  poland becomes superpower 2 . 
  develops power armor modeled after hussars 3 . 
  conquers germany and becomes the new head of the eu 4 .
