  fortunately we progressed , eh ? 
  actually , they get less assimilated . 
  and how many generations do we have to wait ? 
  weird , your swedish cousins seem to be seeing this unique condition where asylum seekers stop having the will to live . 
  approving them cures it however, 
  well the eu is preparing a case against hungary and others over lmmigration . 
  i am posting this here because my attempts to submit the article as a story itself do n't seem to be working . 
  like it 's filtered . 
  so islamophobia follows attacks but khan spends police resources on tracking it down ... despite admitting they ca n't track returned isis fighters who should not have even been allowed back in . 
  if 5 years ago i had said this would happen i would have been completely dismissed, 
  i bet they dont concern themselves with mean social media posts, 
  coalition talks have broken down in the netherlands too . 
  ca n't negotiate with wilders for some reason, 
  the eu is opening their case against poland , hungary , and the czech republic over lmmigration . 
  i point this out because many of you guys seem to fawn over any news with casts the eu in a positive light while ignoring the rest . 
  hence why almost any stories negative toward the uk are hot now . 
  remain voter by the way http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-eu-infringements-iduskbn1931o4, 
  it has been a trip seeing this shared on facebook . 
  once again , by people who normally claim islam dindu nuffin, 
  fair enough . 
  weirdly no equivocation . 
  usually there is when a bomb goes off . 
  when you 're ideologically opposed to border walls so you have to put walls around everything in the nation ... including metaphysical concepts like freedom and accountability . 
  we can agree on what is less free or more free . 
  one of these statements is not like the other ... 
  have the tories allied with dup yet ? 
  aka my favorite party ? 
  conservatives in talks with dup . 
  do it you spineless wimps !, 
  i also wanted labour to win . 
  completely delegitimize the centre-right . 
  awful party . 
  sappy and sentimental in all the worst ways , elitist in all the worst ways, 
  births over deaths completely outweigh the number of lmmigrants we take in each year , so you 'd never get ahead of the problem, 
  so the centre-right was only saved by the scots protest voting against an independence referendum, 
  seems like a distinction without a difference, 
  i notice nobody is leaping to the `` left wing terrorism '' conclusion . 
  which is good . 
  one virtue signaled about how `` london proved him wrong '' and spends resources finding wrongthink online, 
  what was the motive exactly ? 
  do you see why i have a problem with your attempt at appearing nuanced when you admit it 's based on a vague feeling . 
  moreover , the word `` defend '' is interesting because it was the political left which has thrown full support behind mass lmmigration and multiculturalism . 
  which makes them the aggressor and the political right which ` defends ' against this . 
  another reason why i think this is a false dichotomy . 
  not saying the right is pure and good obviously but to insist they are ` equally bad ' on this subject is just playing centrist really . 
  i think you guys are drawing a false dichotomy in order to appear to have the nuanced take . 
  notably you seem to assign equal fault to the two halves of the spectrum when one is clearly the aggressor on this subject . 
  it 's the left which is pro-multiculturalism and did whatever it could to foster it . 
  it 's left wing publications which run interference for the multicultural project . 
  it 's the left which also has the ideological baggage of postmodernism , factional identitarian interests , and critical theory behind it which leads to this situation . 
  the worst i can say about the right writ large is they are getting invested in the ` politics of revenge ' against the left . 
  and it is left wingers who are more likely to cut communications with people they disagree with . 
  at least based on american data but i do n't think much is different here . 
  well , i dont know of anyone who actually suggests the other extreme . 
  not even le pen is arguing for it to be 0 . 
  italy is suspiciously low, 
  i know , and the opposition to her has memed itself into thinking more police would solve it everyone is dumb, 
  except ... children of men singled out muslims . 
  may wo n't do that , just make life worse for everyone, 
  imagine thinking more street police would stop terrorism . 
  even if they were armed with guns and not batons they are n't going to be taking out a truck driver at 60 miles per hour . 
  you , like her , are vainly trying to socially engineer the problem away, 
  the counter-argument would be that the religious impulse would just go elsewhere . 
  or that the vacuum would be filled with something else . 
  not saying that 's right but said religious impulse is a part of human nature so you need a plan for it imho . 
  otherwise you 're like those woke centrist people whose whole platform is `` no more identity politics '', 
  i agree . 
  can we consider the multicult a religion ? 
  poor whites commit less crime , so not `` mostly '', 
  okay . 
  deal . 
  your union pretty much just exists for the benefit of the new europeans . 
  no offense . 
  so does my government to be fair . 
  i agree . 
  but get rid of everyone running the eu first . 
  i know why , they want to trump ( heh ) him up because he was not trump or brexit . 
  they want to make him exciting as a result . 
  even if you like him ( i like half of him ) , i do n't think you can disagree too much with this being the motive, 
  the only person who can read, 
  reread, 
  reread, 
  reread, 
  he 's quite the tough guy i am sure . 
  knowing when to look decisive while the cameras are rolling . 
  honestly , what we call the far right has been doing that for a while but you dont want to credit them because you see them as a political adversary . 
  go thank wilders for his courage, 
  they lead the debate in circles however . 
  they , rather than support measures to limit the inflow of islam , want us to give their foundations money to reform the religion ... somehow meanwhile their entire following is white atheists who want to virtue signal . 
  not muslims . 
  it 's been taken down i hear for featuring the attackers, 
  netflix took this down because it featured the london bridge guys, 
  or just a big beautiful wall ( metaphorically speaking ) . 
  in london they are setting up barricades on the roads . 
  so you either have borders around the nation or everything in the nation, 
  again , the issue is n't that there are no well meaning imams or mosques . 
  it 's that the radicals will always win the debate about what the koran says, 
  one day someone who is n't of the same background will do something bad , and we 'll all be lectured for jumping to conclusions, 
  to be honest , i think `` stop funding sa '' is just a red herring for lefties who still want a solution they are comfortable with, 
  if you want a multicultural anything then you have to mollify the most easily offended group,
