  also not a basketcase, 
  it 's gon na be really sad when this sub realizes that its love affair with people like macron and hatred of people like orban was all seriously misplaced, 
  well at least we 'll have an extremely humane funeral pyre, 
  truthfully , i find it perplexing that something like the loss of `` being the gay capital '' is the kind of problem people focus on so much with this issue . 
  he already does, 
  whoa buddy , pointing this out is what isis wants . 
  reddit experts and jk rowling told me so, 
  i 'd rather they just did n't do the latter . 
  here the police seem to have endless resources to bug tommy robinson . 
  not saying he does n't deserve some bugging but it 's just ridiculous at this point . 
  all i saw today on twitter was `` oi guv , you got a license for that hate speech '' memes involving our police . 
  and they 're right to mock us . 
  well , i guess we can kill their birth rate the way we killed our own ... 
  i do n't think they fit the profile of a reddit user . 
  at least , not what i think the average reddit user is like . 
  they 're much better than that !, 
  it 's her husband , not merkel 's sorry but merkel 's not going to be remembered well . 
  orban will be , even if he gets the enoch powell treatment, 
  if they 're known to police , then i have to wonder why european police have the resources to track people down for twitter crimes also  molenbeek, 
  they learned the worst lessons from our empire, 
  and most of the growth is in africa . 
  the un just updated their projections for that continent . 
  emphasis on * up *, 
  more ceremony , about the same prestige . 
  i 'd hate it too, 
  they wo n't actually move by the way, 
  what he was doing was pretty bad , but he 's hardly the only person affected by this . 
  also , we in the uk are talking about more regulations for van companies . 
  so prepare for the path of least resistance for politicians : making europe comically tyrannical , which will only make terrorists switch tactics . 
  but at least it is n't `` bigoted '' eh ? 
  he 's hardly the only person this has happened to . 
  how often do we have to hear about dutch police knocking on people 's doors , german police raiding apartments , all for social media posts ? 
  all of which were big stories on this subreddit as i recall, 
  i like how swedes rarely ever say subjugating sweden would be bad , they just suggest a more civil way to do it, 
  because juncker and those like him are scum, 
  glad people are seeing through the transparency of people making so much of finsbury park , when they told us to make nothing of all the others . 
  edit : not saying finsbury was nothing by the way . 
  it definitely matters, 
  your destiny calls you denmark : destroy sweden !, 
  and on world refugee day, 
  well , i 've seen what a tolerant society free of hate amounts to : a lot of apathy coasting on the momentum of past generations . 
  hatred is actually good in my opinion, 
  i read this as `` real madrid shit '' thought it was some continental slang, 
  oh no , we 're firm believers in magic dirt here !, 
  thank you jk rowling for finding time to tweet . 
  was worried she 'd lost her password after the london bridge attack when she was conspicuously silent the important bit : `` official statistics show that 91 out of a total 260 people held on suspicion of terrorism offences were white - a rise of 20 from 2015 and the highest number since 2003 . 
  white suspects made up 35 per cent -- or one in three -- of all terror related arrests in 2016 , compared with 25 per cent in 2015 . 
  the rise contrasts with a fall in arrests across all other ethnic groups . 
  although they still made up the largest ethnic group for arrests , the largest drop was among asian people , which fell 24 to 125 arrests in 2016 . '', 
  all emphasizing the relatively few women and children . 
  i propose journalists take them in . 
  anyone disagree ? 
  daqin - the other china . 
  name for rome, 
  you 're confusing revenge with `` personal revenge '' when there is also political revenge . 
  i mean , unless you think he was personally wronged by that mosque it 's clear his revenge was political in nature, 
  non-muslims are also the majority . 
  and the organized terrorist community is rather islamic, 
  dabiq 15 mocks people like you who think that appeasing islam will stop them . 
  you see ... the division already exists , it existed since the beginning . 
  so nothing you can do will fix that . 
  i 'm not saying he was n't a terrorist, 
  it 's usually used in response to people wanting to point out islam as the culprit in most of our terror concerns . 
  nice try . 
  you can tell because it 's been brought out long before an attack like this took place, 
  aggression and retaliation . 
  pretty blaise really . 
  makes it rarer , and the fact it was a copy-cat is meaningful too, 
  true . 
  if you were * really anti-islam * you 'd best be served attacking the people who apologize for it . 
  obviously i am not suggesting that but that makes more sense to me, 
  it will be funny to see people in the media not spinning a terrorist attack for once, 
  are we still going with the stupid argument that we need to be extra sensitive to islam because then they might be radicalized ? 
  rather than speaking honestly ? 
  isis has said they do n't care and mock people who think appeasing islam is the answer in dabiq 15, 
  i think the guy was white . 
  this was just revenge methinks, 
  for anyone who cares , the tower which was set ablaze has a labour local government and planning committee . 
  it was unceremoniously brought up in the article so i do the same, 
  right , so it will be the kids . 
  just like the foreign descended kids now, 
  only 6 % of uk mosques are saudi backed, 
  this time we 'll be giving them our tax revenue, 
  do n't tell him , but the people coming in are more likely to be inbred and practice inbreeding . 
  a jihadist or aspiring jihadist is undergoing trial in the uk . 
  from @courtnewsuk `` when a probation officer told him islam was ` peaceful and respectful ' , he replied : ` no . 
  it is a religion of war . ' '', 
  kind of the perfect encapsulation of europe https://twitter.com/courtnewsuk, 
  it is the luxury explanation . 
  more developed societies see more gender career stratification and more money wasted on departments like gender studies . 
  one can argue it 's a form of decadence really, 
  i also heard bulgaria has the hottest math teachers too !, 
  if only you kept the birth rate too . 
  developed nations tend to see women choosing more `` female careers . '', 
  developing or less developed nations see higher proportions of women enter stem, 
  so many programs exist for these `` at risk youths '' still a problem, 
  it probably wo n't work by the way . 
  it certainly wo n't make them more integrated in any other social dimension . 
  i have no issue with trying , but the thing is these programs never admit failure and just become a fixture . 
  there was a britain which not only did n't have this , but would have exacted retribution for it .
