apparently sweden is going to deport an iranian christian . 
  but orban gave her asylum in hungary sweden sure has awesome priorities, 
  why is that good ? 
  sweden genuinely has issues their platform would at least move to the center of discussion, 
  in 5 years we may just have a conversation about this !, 
  then the gangs will really be in trouble !, 
  white british is native british , or the historical british population if one wants to be extra precise . 
  these are naturalized british, 
  no , there 's lots of underage grooming in pakistan too . 
  regardless of the law . 
  fair enough, 
  incentives matter . 
  glad the police have responds quickly as well, 
  oh buddy the uk is ruled by sappy counts, 
  i learned to not care because i do n't think being tough on crime is bad . 
  the argument i hear , from nordic people especially , is that `` we are n't tough on crime and have less of it '' which could just as easily be backward . 
  not to say there are n't ` tough on crime ' policies which are bad but ultimately i think those who scoff at the concept are like me : have never had to few crime, 
  well , not to comment on this type of crime but the general decline in crime is not an argument for multiculturalism . 
  it is a mistake one sees made on the wiki page for immigration and crime even . 
  they use the general decline in crime to argue that immigration does n't carry risk for criminality but then note most of our migrant and minority communities are overrepresented in crime . 
  it is just sophistry, 
  it is telling that one can bet on muslims being behind somethjng like this though, 
  maybe i missed it but it only says the majority are white men . 
  and the victim 's spoken of tend to be asian interestingly enough . 
  does n't matter for me if it is muslims or not . 
  there is enough one can hang on them, 
  at some point , an attack is going to level a monument . 
  i would bet money it is in france, 
  people would scream and shout . 
  and nobody has told them to shut up yet, 
  discriminatory may as well be a synonym for effective . 
  in fact , it kind of is . 
  to call someone a discriminating shopper or whatever, 
  and the other 2 are heavily influenced by europe, 
  baby steps people . 
  maybe in 5 years sverige will stop taking their word for it, 
  you dont often hear good ideas coming from sweden on this issue, 
  well , trump and the gop have announced a plan to severely curtail and overhaul immigration . 
  no european politicians would have the balls for that . 
  just worth saying, 
  so ... basically he is perfect ? 
  that tactical decision will pay dividends for france , i am sure, 
  just put the sensitive urban zones under martial law . 
   inb4 sweden finds out and tattles, 
  do n't worry . 
  this is where i point out that the liberal consensus does n't actually have solutions . 
  no way to deradicalize . 
  no way to close achievement gaps nothing, 
  hope is a drug . 
  wont be long now ... 
  i am not convinced these kinds of articles are n't nationalist propaganda . 
  but let 's pose a thought experiment , if 1 million brits ( who are n't pensioners ) moved to a different country and wanted it to adapt to them , nobody would mince words about how unjust that would be, 
  funny way of saying `` supported '', 
  gi is crowdfunding a vessel to return the migrants . 
  ngos want it shut down . 
  the worst part about this is i dont know who is more reliable, 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  it 's a veil , they argue from a sort of progressive viewpoint because it allows them to attack the west safely . 
  i mean , you can think they 're impartial if you want . 
  fewer than i expected, 
  except , we dont see gang life everywhere where there is poverty . 
  what is the other factor ? 
  i also notice gangs tend to be comprised of people with a common identity . 
  so i think poverty is merely a variable . 
  and also there 's the fact that there is no causal connection between poverty and crime , and has a weak correlation , it could just as easily be that criminally inclined behavior makes poverty . 
  which is why crime does n't rise during recessions from all the data i have seen or when a poor area 's economic situation worsens, 
  how do economics factor into rape ? 
  i am glad `` rocket surgeon '' has caught on, 
  so therefore nothing is going wrong now ? 
  explain how arabs would have improved that ? 
  i said relative, 
  i made both really . 
  it 's not wrong to add to your arguments over the course of a discussion when it becomes relevant to do so . 
  it 's wrong to change them arbitrarily . 
  the only reason to have them is the economic argument . 
  so i said the cultural damage matters first , and then when you said prejudice is the only reason to keep them out i added that the economic argument is silly remember , you also thought i was just referring to refugees . 
  i did n't say you were jumping around when you changed from that, 
  relative homogeneity was the term . 
  relative to the diversity project we are embarking on now . 
  so yes , it is pedantry . 
  it misses the point for a pointless dig which does n't actually deal with the issue being discussed . 
  and actually , it 's based on very sound reasoning unless you think these guys will be paying for any pensions or maintaining the welfare state, 
  it 's part and parcel of living in a big city, 
  before mass immigration in general . 
  london 's demographics didnt change because of the refugees . 
  you 're being a pedant by the way . 
  pointing out our historical diversity does n't justify adding even more alien people . 
  this is not complicated, 
  reminder , homogeneity ( relatively speaking anyway ) is proven to work in europe . 
  we have nice societies . 
  this is what has to prove itself . 
  and it 's failing . 
  and yes , aggression from both sides is a symptom of its failure . 
  london now has acid attacks for example . 
  it 's typically a third world issue . 
  it 's funny because pis is just doing what was being tried against them, 
  what ? 
  the future of civilization ? 
  collectivist is a misnomer .
