  boats get turned back immediately sorry krauts , but it 's fate 's doing, 
  the third invasion orchestrated by germans in 100 years !, 
  less likely to be hit by a terrorist attack ? 
  why should it matter ? 
  having the people with the most agency leave wo n't help anyone, 
  it 's accurate . 
  i linked a translated version earlier http://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2017-07/41104179-bill-gates-migration-nach-europa-wird-zunehmen-003.htm, 
  it works fine as long as you do n't have the exact same expectations for the two sexes . 
  israel , for example , tends to encourage women to take different roles, 
  went up to the european court of human rights . 
  who declined the case , as it their right , but in doing so upheld the lower court, 
  time to be the american internet defense force https://www.technologyreview.com/s/608183/chinas-tech-moguls-warn-of-ais-troubling-trajectory/  china and the u.s. may see job losses as well , but because they are so dominant in the field , they are likely to emerge as the primary beneficiaries of this technological revolution . 
  this could turn them into global ai-fueled superpowers , generating massive amounts of wealth by hoovering up billions of users ' data and providing software-based services that touch every aspect of our lives . 
  other countries , meanwhile , could be left to rethink their position in the world order . 
  sounds like we 're still in the transition period for some people : that time when a far right conspiracy theory goes from ` insane ' to ` obviously true , i never denied it ! ', 
   part try most . 
  just like in america !, 
  european-descended people are killing themselves via substance abuse there too . 
  called the ` white death ' or ` deaths of despair ', 
  international law sounds like a really moralistic suicide note, 
  i am actually liking macron more and more . 
  if he turns on lmmigration he 'll be perfect, 
  that 's what you get when you pretend chauvinism and borders are the worst crimes ever, 
  leave another problem to your children . 
  and for the hell of it , screw up the sex ratios among teens while doing it . 
  which demographic time bomb ? 
  there seem to be 3, 
  is orban going to speak ? 
  squeezing him out seems wrong to me . 
  i am sure someone will explain why it 's technically okay , missing the point entirely, 
  would anyone else get this understanding ? 
  i should try this excuse, 
  germany is really trying to corral social media . 
  and the problem is they are n't alone , and enough large countries getting in on this could ruin the internet . 
  especially for people like me !, 
  since brexit , i kinda forgot eu migration was a thing . 
  but i was never really concerned with poles coming over . 
  and the chathamhouse survey https://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/files/chathamhouse/publications/research/2017-06-20-future-europe-attitudes-raines-goodwin-cutts-final.pdf, 
  seems inconsistent with this https://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/files/chathamhouse/publications/research/2017-06-20-future-europe-attitudes-raines-goodwin-cutts-final.pdf and i do n't see the ess as having a more robust sample http://www.europeansocialsurvey.org/methodology/ess_methodology/sampling.html, 
  how ? 
  unless i am reading this wrong it makes me wonder what new enrichment must fall before people change their mind, 
  there was this survey comparing elite and prole attitudes about it . 
  seems rather inconsistent with this https://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/files/chathamhouse/publications/research/2017-06-20-future-europe-attitudes-raines-goodwin-cutts-final.pdf, 
  nah , you need a preference for yourself . 
  i mean , this has been proven time and time again with all the stories we get where authorities knew there was a problem but were paralyzed . 
  not shocked that a former voter of fn falling in love with a migrant would be turned into a movie . 
  unless you think movies are n't politicized too . 
  not insane . 
  old and lonely . 
  you see this pattern with similar situations . 
  young migrant , less than prime native, 
  hopefully bastille day goes better than last year 's, 
  what 's interesting is how it is permitted because it 's presented as merely `` exacting what is fair '' or `` what is owed '' of course it 's ultimately not , it is ultimately crowding out what finns want . 
  and they only have finland, 
  mass immigration is arguably more permanent than colonization . 
  see : russification, 
  it 's called `` being a farmer '', 
  where is the gender breakdown ? 
  it truly is the wang of europe, 
   not noticing finland, 
  the eu is doing it so assume it wo n't have an effect . 
  that would not be why she 'd get stick though . 
  and to be honest , this position of macron 's really is n't that nuanced if it is essentially the same as mine . 
  no , they eradicate terrorists because terrorists oppose assad . 
  they also eradicate the * moderate opposition * for opposing assad . 
  you know , landlords largely are just coping with the situation in london they do n't control . 
  in a lot of cities these laws basically amount to a moratorium on new buildings being built , especially for the less wealthy . 
  and to be honest it 's often justified with `` preserving neighborhood character '' which is a euphemism for not wanting the poor and colored in your personal whitopia . 
  more refugees !, 
  though it 's amusing because i bet le pen got a lot of stick for having a similar position, 
   `` the new perspective that i have had on this subject is that i have not stated that bashar al-assad 's departure is a pre-condition for everything because nobody has shown me a legitimate successor . '', 
  macron said , according to reuters . 
   `` my lines are clear : firstly , a complete fight against all the terrorist groups . 
  they are our enemies , '' he added . 
  `` we need everybody 's cooperation , especially russia , to eradicate them . '', 
  seems alright to me . 
  she 's campaigning with the german flag though !, 
  you know , kinda like how stalin opened the churches when the ussr needed any patriotic vigor . 
  they are n't human tbh, 
  i do n't . 
  personally i ca n't think of many nations better than switzerland . 
  weird how the nations i am reliably told are the most xenophobic , have the ` crassest public discourse ' , and most willingly to tolerate chauvinistic public figures seem to handle this the best . 
  outsider assists other outsiders . 
  shocking . 
  suddenly , hundreds of thousands of people lived in grenfell, 
  '' ` macron 's introduction is n't too encouraging ; he thought the best way to show friendship was to immediately stampede into central european countries . 
  this is n't how we do things around here , but he 'll soon get to know his way around ' the hungarian premier also said ahead of the brussels meeting that the european union member states disagree on how migrants should be distributed across the continent . 
  western european member states want to `` get rid of the migrants they unjustifiably let in '' by distributing them among countries , such as hungary , that protected themselves and refused to let in any migrants , orb\u00e1n said . 
  ` given that there will never be a consensus on the question of redistributing migrants ' '' ^ seems okay to me, 
  `` yea , got ta get those refugees in '' - eu flags i mean , you do n't actually believe they dislike him for any other reason do you ? 
  he and hungarian politics have been corrupt and illiberal for a while , but only now is there pressure, 
  no matter who you have it will be a corrupt oligarch . 
  the only reason the west dislikes orban is because of his stance on national sovereignty issues . 
  hence why nobody cared about the corruption in hungary until recently, 
  tommy robinson , it has occurred to me , borrows a lot from murray . 
  but he does n't have the nice accent . 
  but nobody listens to murray either . 
  so maybe it does n't matter . 
  weird , denmark has been heavily influenced by a `` far right party '' and yet is n't a basket case at all . 
  and switzerland 's accepted public debate would be considered xenophobic by most .
