  as long as they are on the interactive map i do n't see a problem with it . 
  do people mistake rue de bucarest with rue de budapest often ? 
  i was ready to say that i stand corrected . 
  but it ca n't possibly be that one . 
  good find though . 
  til, 
  idk man . . 
  when you replace european cities with other world cities i think it 's pretty safe to assume that it wo n't be other european cities . 
  st. petersburg is in place of oslo and the map is `` european cities changed with ** other world cities ** at the same latitude . 
  edit : formatting, 
  ignoring your use of the `` 4th reich '' . 
  even if trump is upset do you really think americans will only buy american cars because he tells them to ? 
  til st. petersburg is not an european city, 
  everybody uses 80s jets . 
  some of us use even older planes than that . 
  maybe . 
  all i 'm saying is that in your place i would want some assurances before jumping headfirst . 
  i 'm more surprised by armenia than by moldova . 
  you guys seem to take a lot of things on faith . 
  all it takes is one country ( or even a region of a country it seems after ceta ) to veto your ascension and you 're done . 
  and yet you seem to want to blindly jump ahead without any assurances because surely you guys are special and will be given privileges . 
  i do hope you do n't find yourself in an extremly bad situation . 
   everything is about agreements and getting the most logical and pragmatic solution for all interests involved agreements need to be done before something happens . 
  assurances at least need to be sought before . 
  and again scotlands eu status was a major point in the independence debates and yet you seem to brush it off because they surely would have stayed in the eu because * reasons *, 
  and yet scotland did not need to find out that it would be out of the eu after becoming independent . 
  so if it applied to scotland why do you think it wo n't apply to catalonia ? 
  it wo n't start from 0 . 
  but it will be out of the eu . 
  maybe on a fast track provided spain agrees of course . 
   `` catalonia will not leave the eu in case of independence '' does he have a source for that ? 
  any european leader saying that ? 
  because it 's kinda opposite to what scotland was told about it 's own independence . 
  and scotland was also pro-european . 
  it clearly says 2016, 
  a lot of the older cops retired in the last few years so this statistic might be accurate for 2016/2017 even if it was not for 2010 . 
  like russia cares about that . 
  the internet would be filled with this if the `` nato volunteers '' would start to fight in ukraine . 
  and somehow all will be turned into `` poor russia is being bullied by everyone '', 
  yeah . 
  sorry i messed up . 
  i was referring of course of the northern part . 
  but that is another earlier war . 
  i concede to you that yes budjak for dobrogea was not a bad trade . 
  i know about dobrogea . 
  as for moldova i ca n't find any sources for it . 
  unless you are talking about budjak . 
  if you are then know that i was not including it into moldova . 
  just the modern day republic . 
  i 'm sorry if i doubt the fact that modern day moldova has more moldovans in it now than before the annexation ~ ~ had less moldovans in it that is has now ~ ~ and after all the population switches done by the ussr . 
  edit : fucked up the last sentence, 
   ethnically , it was not romanian explain please, 
  also lost half of moldova which they maintain to this day it was never romanian to begin with . 
  i assume david davis learned after his mistake . 
  trump did n't even after it was explained to him . 
  otherwise you might have to increase the salaries . 
  the horror . 
  one week you condemn the eu , the other you try to be closer to it . 
  i wonder what the next week will bring, 
  i was talking about the end of the cold war . 
  and the fact that countries fled to the west . 
  and they did . 
  and they would have done it sooner if the ussr did not keep them by force ( which is why i used czechoslovakia as an example ) . 
  i do n't see how it relates to the other guy saying that the ussr was weak in 2000 because it lost people and strategic assets in 1945 . 
  please explain the hypocrisy in this . 
  those two statements are not comparable . 
  i keep saying that the willingness to defend each other prevents wars from happening . 
  it had troops there that killed other troops . 
  the us did n't have a formal declaration of war since ww2 . 
  people still say they went to war . 
  these are just technicalities . 
  if the war gets bigger and there are n't enough soldiers then one side is loosing bad and you need to prepare for nukes raining down . 
  and if all else fails cut off your index finger so you ca n't fire a gun and problem solved . 
  how can a state of war not exist when you sent your troops there ? 
  there was a war in afghanistan and whether you like it or not portugal was an willing participant . 
  it did n't need to `` declare war '' . 
  portugal will not `` declare war '' on russia it will simply send it 's troops to defend whatever country affected by the war . 
  they wo n't send you . 
  they will send professionals . 
  again  portugal will send it 's army it will not take people of the streets to fight a war . 
  nothing is going to happen to you . 
  did they send you into afghanistan ? 
  that was the only time article 5 has been invoked and nobody put a rifle into your hands so calm down . 
  you explained why you do n't want it . 
  you are afraid of conscription ( again i find it laughable that you think portugal will conscript people to send to ee ) . 
  no government wants full scale war because it will end badly . 
  however if nato falls because people keep saying that they will not keep their commitments in the eventuality that a war will happen there will be no full scale war . 
  just maybe smaller wars for small parts of countries . 
  check georgia , check ukraine , check moldova . 
  so what i am trying to say is if a lot of countries say that in case of war we will all defend each other no matter what then no one entity will mess with them because of that . 
  if however most of them say `` eh maybe we 'll defend '' then the whole point of the alliance is gone . 
  portugal will send it 's army it will not take people of the streets to fight a war . 
  citizen of countries directly affected might be conscripted but other people ? 
  i doubt that . 
  i 'm sure however you can shoot yourself in the foot or something and get away from it if you really fear it that bad . 
  anyway there will not be a war . 
  no one wants it . 
   iraq there was no nato op for iraq , just a coallition led by the us . 
   afghanistan it was a rogue state led by the taliban . 
  also nato as an alliance did n't get involved until after 2003 .
