  i thought the integration of energy grids is one of the goals of the eu . 
  but would n't it be very expensive to import all that electricity ? 
  also all those coal plants need to be maintained because you never know when you might need them . 
  it does n't really seem that good of a long term solution to me . 
  that 's true . 
  but his point was that the poles do n't want it because chernobyl . 
  if poland does n't actually have that great an environment for renewables an npp might not be so bad of an investment . 
  did anyone try to explain it ? 
  i mean there are other countries with npps that still remember the chernobyl panic and afaik there is n't a big risk of earthquakes ( or other natural hazards like tsunamis ) in poland . 
  they may or may not have had something to do with the attempted coup in montenegro so there is that . 
  a clear statement that you have no territorial claims is needed for nato anyway so i do n't think that would be the problem . 
  forever is a bit too much to say . 
  it 's not going back for the foreseeable future . 
  some writer on a slow news day, 
  it 's almost like the eu is the member states . 
  all 1 of them ? 
  needs more bordergore inside the hre, 
  and yet it seems no one is willing to test that . 
  there was no willingness to go into afghanistan either but after the us used article 5 countries sent troops . 
  countries have professional armies . 
  they do n't take the people of the streets to fight for montenegro . 
  thing is they wo n't die . 
  that 's the point of deterence . 
  you ca n't join nato unless you renounce your claims to other territories . 
  i 'm pretty sure you ca n't join with occupied territory either . 
  so ukraine wo n't join nato . 
  they stopped using it after they gained independence . 
  now they write with the same alphabet as us . 
  yes . 
  it was also more agressive in establishing it 's influence especially after ww2 . 
  there was a strict policy of russification like in the other soviet republics i guess . 
  they also succeeded in making them think they are a separate from romanians and that the moldovan language is somehow different from romanian ( also forced the use of cyrillic script ) . 
  even now after the current president took over he changed the presidential site language from romanian to moldovan . 
  around 150 years give or take . 
  before that it was under ottoman , polish , hungarian control with periods of independence . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm_syndrome it also does n't help that the current situation of moldova is probably worse than it was in the ussr . 
  their politicians however do n't seem to want to improve the situation at all . 
   the point is to scare public to accept any and all security measures . 
  that is done mainly with the threat of terrorism and not russia . 
   war is highly profitable luxury item business , maybe , as long as it does n't happen on the country that profits from it and of course as long as both the countries in the conflict do n't have nukes . 
  the countries with nukes really have a guarantee that no one will set foot on their territory . 
  the colors seem to be a bit off . 
  i do n't understand why they chose the numbers they chose to switch colors . 
  but otherwise the us pretty far down the list too . 
  edit : and also falling . 
  11 places since last year . 
  i mean about the military force part . 
  do you actually think someone will attack russia ? 
  i really have n't seen anyone advocating for that . 
  just defense . 
   to fuel public opinion to accept using military force . 
  explain please . 
  sure . 
  but those are the crime and safety indexes . 
  maybe you are so low on this map because of the of the war near your border . 
  if the conflict in ukraine did n't exist you would probably be higher on this map . 
  i 'm not saying it . 
  the map is . 
  you look to much at the colors and not at the numbers . 
  the difference between you and syria is 0.8 . 
  that is about the difference between russia and most of the yellow countries . 
  so you can argue that syria , iraq etc should have another darker color . 
  europe is not sunshine and roses . 
  also `` europe '' ca n't really be used here . 
  different countries have different situations . 
  the map does n't show warzones that is what i 'm trying to tell . 
  how am i a propaganda mouthpeace ? 
  why because i explained to you that the map is more than about war ? 
  why do you assume only war is taken into account ? 
  http://visionofhumanity.org/indexes/global-peace-index/ a lot of things are taken into consideration . 
  including internal conflicts , relations with neighboring countries , violent crime and homicide rate . 
  also countries like france did drop in the ranking because of the terrorist attack . 
  but do n't let that stop you making yourself the victim . 
  russia is all sunshine and roses . 
  it is without the approval of the central government . 
  but you already knew that so why the question ? 
  according to 5 countries in the eu kosovo is part of serbia so what the hague says does n't seem to sway them . 
  you ca n't really compare the two events . 
  and even if you are to compare them . 
  5 eu countries ( including spain ) do not recognize it . 
  so we can safely bet that they will not recognize catalonia . 
  that 's not to say that others will ( imo no one in the eu will ) . 
  in that case there can be no prospect of joining the eu after independence so as i said things will be complicated . 
  in an ideal world perhaps . 
  right now countries need to be recognized by other countries . 
  especially if you aspire to belong to different organizations like the eu . 
  now unless catalonia is oppressed and can make a case that way then other countries wo n't take well the ideea of `` pieces of countries '' unilaterally declare they are independent and will not recognize them . 
  all it takes is one such country to say no and catalonia will stay in limbo in regards to the eu ( and that is not even counting spain which will probably veto it ) . 
  so they can and probably will have their referendum even if spain does n't want it . 
  if they go further than that things will get quite complicated . 
  i meant if spain agrees to let them have a referendum . 
  not to let all spain vote for it . 
  let 's be rational if spain does n't agree the other eu countries ca n't really back catalonia over spain . 
  that is why i believe that all the threats of unilateral independence are just for show . 
  there are way to many things that can go wrong . 
  and it should . 
  if spain agrees too and it 's not declared unilaterally . 
  i 'm sure that if the referendum was carried out like the scottish one people would not have a problem . 
  ~ ~ estonia ~ ~ finland ? 
  edit : my bad estonia is in nato,
