  there was also an un resolution which nobody vetoed that `` welcomed developments in afghanistan ''  libya another un resolution . 
  in which russia abstained this time  permanent members china and russia had reservations about the no-fly zone , including the practicalities of enforcing such a zone and concerns about the use of force when other means had not been exhausted , but had noted requests by the arab league and the `` special situation '' in libya and therefore abstained . 
  african members of the security council condemned the actions of the libyan regime and supported the text https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1973  syria there was to my knowledge no invasion of syria just arming of the supported side in the civil war . 
  i for one really ca n't see how assad is better for syria but whatever . 
   georgia nato supported georgian membership . 
  russia made sure georgia will never get into nato . 
  same as moldova and more recently ukraine . 
  reaching out needs to be done by both sides . 
  i 'll concede to you the point about countries ( serbia ) . 
  as for the nato stuff do n't act like russia wanted it . 
  there is a quote that stuck in my mind on the subject of nato membership . 
  `` great powers do n't join coalitions , they create coalitions . 
  russia considers itself a great power '' i 'll try to find the source for it too . 
  wait what ? 
  how can you use `` russia lost much in ww2 '' and then talk about the early 2000s ? 
  there are 55-60 years difference . 
  time where the ussr had ups and downs and even was ahead at some points in the cold war . 
  i did not anywhere talk about ideologies or money . 
  the fact is that most warsaw pact countries did n't want to stay in the ussr sphere of influence even at the height of the ussr . 
  look at czechoslovakia . 
  you had to invade it to keep it in your sphere . 
  russia and nato were getting closer . 
  nato did not sour that relation . 
  you guys did . 
  but hey it 's better to play the victim . 
  and yet no country in nato annexed the territory of another european country . 
  there is a reason all the former warsaw pact countries fled to nato after the cold war and that 's not because russia is good and peaceful country that is just bullied . 
  and let 's not forget that before ukraine nato and russia even had joint exercises and plans . 
  but of course nato bullied them into attacking ukraine and that is why the relationship soured . 
  most of time when a discussion like this comes up people have more faith that you guys will come to help than the western european countries . 
  but anyway this is just a poll . 
  i 'm sure the stance of the governments would be to honor it 's alliances . 
  are you in the army ? 
  if not what makes you think that portugal will conscript you and send you to fight in eastern europe ? 
  does portugal not have a professional army that would be able to help and honor your alliances ? 
  if you are however in the army i do n't know what you are doing there with that attitude . 
  not instantly . 
  but if an agreement does n't come with spain then the eu agencies will move , eu companies wo n't invest as much etc. 
  when declared independent without an agreement from spain the eu will have to chose who to support and in my opinion it wo n't be catalonia . 
  romania is not in schengen . 
  perhaps you refer to the work restrictions which expired in 2014 . 
  i do n't know why but i did not expect the netherlands to be first, 
  lack of funds mostly . 
  it seems a new service rifle that uses nato ammo is being tested and should start to replace the current service rifles soon ^ tm . 
  my bad , messed up on the ammo part . 
  it has been blessed by priests to remove the commie part from it however . 
  proper equipment is a big stretch but still better than the big fat nothing we had in ww2 . 
  sure ? 
  most of it is/was built here however . 
  as for the rifle ammo your link does state that pistol mitralier\u0103 model 1963/1965 is in reseve since the 1990s and is replaced with pu\u015fc\u0103 automat\u0103 model 1986 which does use ~ ~ freedom ammo ~ ~ edit : dirty commie ammo ( my bad ) . 
  most of the tanks however are old , and just a few ( 60 ? ), 
  have undergone any kind of modernization programs . 
  to be fair `` romanians do n't steal '' is as much of a bullshit generalization as `` all gypsies steal '' . 
  every country and ethnicity has bad apples ( some more than others ) and romanians are no saints . 
  this time we 'll have proper equipment . 
  if it does n't get lost in some pockets somewhere . 
  i agree in principle but the amount of desinformation on both sides just made it a clusterfuck . 
  then we agree that the baltic states are in a completely different situation than catalonia is . 
  sure , but when were they recognized as independent states by the international community ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was after the dissolution of the urss . 
  i did find this article which states the same . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/learning/general/onthisday/big/1225.html#article  within hours of mr. gorbachev 's resignation , western and other nations began recognition of russia and the other former republics . 
  so self determination is all well and good as long as it does n't affect your countries territorial integrity . 
  maybe they want to make a different hungarian state . 
  would that be ok or it is still not self-determination in your mind ? 
  you ca n't actually compare it . 
  the soviet union was dissolved . 
  even russia had it 's independence from it . 
   well then you do n't understand that already existing nation ca n't self-determine itself once again that does n't make sense . 
  the people have a right to self determination not countries . 
  that applies to anyone . 
  or are you implying that villages and towns with hungarian majority are somehow not their homes and they should move to hungary if they want self-determination ? 
   reason why slovakia does n't recognize kosovo is because there is no legal way how to justify it . 
  and yet 23 eu countries could find a legal way to justify it . 
  except spain , slovakia , romania , cyprus and greece . 
  those that have or had some degree of problems with separatist movements . 
  ok , i 'll spell it out . 
  the reason why slovakia wo n't recognize them is because the only thing they will get out of this is a higher chance of the hungarian minority using this self-determination right to take the southern half of your country and move it to hungary . 
  it 's the same reason why your government does n't recognize kosovo ( basically in the eu the only countries that do n't recognize it are the ones with the most vocal minorities ) , transnstria and all the other separatist territories ( to be fair no one recognizes these ones ) . 
  the reason is that this recognition of the unilateral independence will be cited as precedent in any country that does it by it 's own minorities . 
  and that is why i believe that as long as the declaration is unilateral no country will recognize them . 
  certainly not romania and even though you believe that slovakia will do it , i 'm willing to bet that wo n't be the case . 
  let me put it this way . 
  do you think slovakia will recognize them as independent ? 
  not going to argue about fundamental rights , but unilaterally declaring independence din not go well for any of the `` states '' that did it in recent times . 
  no government will recognize catalonia as an independent country . 
  it 's almost like 1/28 of the eu is greek or something . 
  how dare the eu back them . 
  and of course ukrainians are just aliens who magically appeared in modern day ukraine right ? 
  by that logic sweden is not a real country , it 's right where denmark ought to be . 
  shameful ? 
  i 'll guess we 'll just have to wait and see what happens in the next few years . 
  i remain skeptical that `` we 'll become the next greece '' . 
  thanks for the detailed response . 
  the next economic crisis can hit tomorrow or in the next ten years . 
  massive increase in deficit ? 
  we 'll have to wait and see it it breaks 3 % . 
  if it does i 'll concede the point to you . 
  we 're at what ? 
  40 % debt-to-gdp ratio ?
