  you mean most of them ? 
  because everyone and their mothers sell weapons to the saudis . 
  welcome to the club, 
  i do n't think only spain will block them . 
  there are other countries in the eu that will block them if only for the fear of their own potential secessionist movements . 
  edit : also , there is no way of knowing if they will be a net contributor or not, 
  completely undemocratic ... really ? 
  you severely underestimate bor, 
  how did he manage to miss all of eastern europe ? 
  that 's the thing , everything is negotiable . 
  but , if the countries of the eu do n't want it to fall apart in the next few years they wo n't be willing to negotiate those terms . 
  no country in the single market can pick which the four freedoms to follow and neither will the uk . 
  i 'm sure there will be an acceptable fta between the eu and the uk . 
  so what you are saying is that the uk can buy stuff from someplace else but eu countries will collapse as they can only sell those $ 420b worth of exports to you ? 
  kosovo issue occured before serbia became a member ( they are not a member now ) . 
  the only difference is in the number of countries that recognize either territory as independent . 
  i do n't think forced recognition of kosovo will happen . 
  the eu does n't and probably ca n't force it 's own members to recognize it . 
  there is also the precedent with cyprus so they probably could join even with a territory not fully recognized . 
  the president is a country and the political program is put forward by the government of said country . 
   finland i do n't know why , guess they just wanted to feel relevant . 
  shots fired . 
  iirc they did say they will not oppose the entry to schengen alone . 
  it 's romanian . 
  it does have a few russian words in there . 
  so moldova or transnistria, 
  it could be worse ... you could have mig-21s :d, 
  it 's non binding . 
  so that 's how percentages work . 
  the country is `` germania '' the people are either `` germani '' or `` nem\u021bi '', 
  to be fair most of bragging is done by the phone companies . 
  vodafone for the last month here kept having ads which basically said `` because we are such a great and good company we 'll give you `` no cost '' roaming '' . 
  except when nukes appear on the black market . 
  or the civil war makes most of europe freeze in the winter because of eratic gas supplies . 
  i do n't think anyone wants that . 
  especially if it 's not peaceful . 
  did you guys get paid for bringing dogs too ? 
  if they somehow move the country into europe and then fulfill the requirements sure . 
  i do n't know . 
  i am however convinced that the chemicals are there seeing as both the americans and the russians said there where . 
  even though one says they were dropped and one says it was the bombing of a storage space . 
   what is needed is more mutual trust , better coordination , and active eu patrols in locations where most boats enter into distress to ensure timely rescues . 
  i propose we build a bridge from libya to italy then . 
  or maybe convert some frigates to ferries . 
  he made another stockpile ? 
   effect no . 
  2 : weaker copyright protection in the eu how do they make the connection between `` should intelectual property rights be managed at the eu level '' and weaker protection ? 
  that aside there does n't seem to be a big change by just looking at the percentages . 
  the yes or no votes do n't really change . 
  while it may seem a fantasy at this time i do n't really see why this eventuality should not be taken into account . 
  i do n't see how this would make the whole resolution dreamlike . 
  bosnia and albania, 
  i thought that was montenegro, 
  maybe . 
  but still it 's hard to talk about specific trade deals when you do n't what kind of relation the uk and the eu will have . 
  i mean there are alot of ways for this to end . 
  ( single market access , bilateral deals ( switzerland ) , no brexit deal ) . 
  i doubt that any other country will make any significant progress in trade deals with the uk until that situation is clarified . 
  i assume an fta with the uk in the single market looks alot different than one with the uk outside the single market . 
  why would it lose status of official language ? 
  is n't it an official language in ireland ? 
  neah , that 's orban . 
  soros wants to break up romania in 3-4-5-6 pieces ( number of pieces differs from whoever says it ) . 
  is there any country in eastern europe that soros is not used as a boogeyman by politicians ? 
  michael was the only one with legitimacy for that role . 
  i mean he did rule romania before communism . 
  after he dies tho it 's over . 
  his children are n't liked at all . 
  it was meant as a joke of course . 
  but now that you mention it how far back are we going to go ? 
  that alphabet has n't been used in about 150 years . 
  i thought the map was about present time . 
   southeastern europe/balkans  greek & cyrillic alphabets triggered, 
   well it 's a bit harsh to say no one gives a fuck about romania . 
  it was a response to what the guy above me said . 
   i guess it 's the fault of the dirty gypsies too . 
  i really do n't know where you got the feeling i would think that from what i wrote . 
  so because you 're frustrated with some romanians at work instead of venting to them , you come on reddit and get triggered by the first related thing you see ? 
  got it . 
  edit : removed `` and '' from between work and instead, 
  where in my reply or anywhere in my other posts here did i blame it solely on them ? 
  so seeing as you do n't want too read what i write i 'll just quote again why i said that they are seen like that and then stop replying . 
   the op however asked how are they viewed . 
  and that is one of the points i hear a lot . 
  i guess nobody giving a fuck about romanians is seen as better than people automatically assuming they 're thiefs or beggars . 
  i also think that alot of romanians do shitty things and ruin our image . 
  the op however asked how are they viewed . 
  and that is one of the points i hear a lot . 
   they are viewed with a lot of distrust . 
  some of them do n't deserve it , but it 's pretty hard for the average romanian not view them this way . 
  and even if i did n't say that some do n't deserve it . 
  going from `` it 's hard to feel bad for them '' to `` i want them not to get any social services '' is a huge leap, 
  why are you putting words in my mouth ? 
  it 's hard to feel bad for them when you see the palaces they build from stealing and begging . 
  they are viewed with a lot of distrust . 
  some of them do n't deserve it , but it 's pretty hard for the average romanian not view them this way . 
  they are also considered the main reason why our image is ruined in europe . 
  i really would like to know the difference between `` rom\u00e2na moldoveneasc\u0103 '' and `` moldovene\u0219te '', 
  i 'm pretty sure that if you look closely both of us have some descendants in dacian tribes . 
  alot of people in eastern europe have .
