  so please stop projecting what you may have read on this thread on me and what i posted . 
  i do hope for your sake that 's true because from where i 'm standing i ca n't see any country chosing you over spain . 
  you wo n't be transnistria but you ca n't possibly believe that third party countries would chose to let you in the eu that simply ( i 'm willing to bet at the very least a quarter of the eu countries wo n't even recgonize you , big economy or not ) . 
  and i doubt that countries like my own will care about you having  a 200 billion gdp with the major mediterranean port , important airport and one of the most inernationalised economies in the eu as well as a very strong industrial and tourist sector they will only see the recognition as fuel for other separatist movements and wo n't care about what the eu says ( assuming the eu recognizes you as independent of course ) . 
  so if you government does n't have a clear plan with what to do in that situation and just keeps saying like a mantra that `` we are rich therefore people will help us because of that '' ( like most of the catalonians on this sub actually ) then you might be in for a surprise come independence day . 
  yep . 
  turkey is considered partly european everywhere not just this sub . 
  as long as cyprus is considered an european country i really fail to see why turkey is not one . 
  i was wondering why it was only 27 % , and then i zoomed in . 
  and ? 
  he is an ethnic german therefore he can look german . 
  what does nationality have to do with it ? 
  no need for the / s. 
  he is a german . 
  serbia and montenegro are opening chapters but there 's still years away . 
  that 's probably where the next enlargement will come . 
  i would not say never . 
  but there is n't any realistic chance of it happening in the next decade . 
  you would be right if the article did n't come from a british newspaper . 
  some european companies do n't care about the source either so it should n't be to different, 
  poland is not in the euro and to be fair at least for romania people left before we got in the eu . 
  in a smaller number yes , but the damage is done exiting now wo n't bring people back . 
  also i do n't think any of the ee countries are stagnating atm , quite the contrary . 
  no can do . 
  it does help that all the main parties are either center-right or left . 
  i think the last time a far-right party was relevant was in 2000 and you can see from the video what happened then . 
  while i understand your point nukes are not that easy to move quietly between countries and that 's not even considering the fact that countries that host the missile shield do n't actually have facilities built to house them . 
  i 'm sure your intelligence services would know if that were the case . 
  meanwhile russia has nukes in kaliningrad and crimea too ( i may be wrong , feel free to correct me ) . 
  so we would also not know if a nuke would strike for instance seeing as they are so close to our territory . 
  and as we could see on the threats to sweden you do n't need to have a missile shield on your territory to be a target . 
  anyway i do n't believe there will be a nuclear war ( or any war between russia and nato for that matter ) . 
  war are fought so that countries can gain something and in a nuclear war countries will only lose . 
  it can be seen like this , but the recognition has more to do with individual member states than the eu . 
  however , looking at the wiki page it was agreed by the eu council so you are most likely right . 
  the eu envoy proposed it . 
  the pm said however he 'll declare independence with over 50 % . 
  it says soros so many times that it feels like a commercial and not an official statement . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i do n't think any ascension talks to date took two years . 
  it still does n't invalidate my point that serbia and montenegro will be the next two . 
  there are no other countries even close to them ( well except turkey but that 's a special case ) . 
  that 's not true . 
  as you can see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_serbia_to_the_european_union ) at the `` negotiation progress '' you can see that some chapters and opened/closed both in 2016 and in 2017 . 
  bear in mind that even if the eu does n't want to extend right this moment these talks will probably last a good number of years . 
  i think serbia and montenegro are the most advanced in the ascension talks so if they continue there is a very good chance that serbia would be the next country to enter the eu . 
  you can also say that there is a difference between shooting an unarmed freighter and an armed fighter even if both are border violations . 
  i did n't say they did n't . 
  however it would be more clear from the title what you 're looking at . 
  i half expected to see romania , poland , hungary etc there . 
  because the only countries in the graph are post-soviet republics ? 
  it does help to have oil fields in the country . 
  yea , ceausescu really dropped the ball on this one . 
  really ? 
  on a yes or no referendum the winning side does n't get more than 30 % in other european countries ? 
  sure . 
  but if the guy i replied to is correct then it 's just a coincidence and the data is outdated . 
  easter is counted too for some reason even if it 's always on a sunday . 
  also the information for romania is outdated . 
  it 's 14 now ( well 13 if you discount easter ), 
  sure , but at least the uk carrier does n't leave a trail a smoke showing where it 's been for the past few days . 
  being split by the bosphorus does n't make it `` literally in asia '' . 
  it was however considered an european city . 
  do you count the british empire as european ? 
  if the answer is yes then why not the byzantines ? 
  how can it be one level further when the same parliament which designates my government designates the commissioner ? 
  the only thing i can change in my country is also the parliament . 
  the government is approved by the parliament . 
  if i change the leading party in my country i change the members of the government . 
  if i change the leading party in my country i change my commissioner . 
  so i have the exact save way to change `` ministers '' ( which i do n't know about the uk but in romania we do n't vote for them or even know which of them will get the job before beeing put there ) . 
  so how can you say you ca vote a normal government out but not the commission when the commission is put there by the elected eu parliament and then the elected parliaments of the eu countries . 
   not with the commission we ca n't . 
  you can actually . 
  your commissioner is proposed by your government . 
  and as far as i know they 're changed every new eu election anyway . 
  also the president is approved by the eu parliament . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but did n't poland refuse to let north stream ii go trough it 's territory ? 
  they did ? 
  i did not see that . 
  anyway it 's doubtfull something will come of it . 
  keep in mind that the affected country is a part of the eu and will probably veto the ascension ( unless of course the two `` countries '' split of peaceful terms ) . 
  the eu can say for example that catalonia would be on a fast track for ascension and spain can veto it . 
  it wo n't get to this because between spain and catalonia the eu as a whole would chose spain or say it 's an internal matter and not get involved . 
  and anyway such laws need to be aproved by members ( and parts of members , as seen with ceta ) and i doubt countries like mine which did n't even recognize kosovo would agree to such a law . 
  i 'm sure people care when parts of their country want te secede but you are wrong if you think the caring is cross-country . 
  indepentent movements are an internal problem of a countries . 
  also there is n't really any rule for seceding in the eu so when you get your independence you are out of the eu ( i think that was one of the main points of the scottish referendum ) . 
  never been discussed afaik and it wo n't be anytime soon . 
  well , one is fox news and one is not . 
  so i guess the one that 's not fox news was right . 
  ] ( http://radiotransilvania.com/radiot/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/carte-de-identitate-specimen.jpg ), 
  your flag would be the same as the one for spain in this situation . 
  i did n't say the eu would ask that of serbia . 
  just that it 's more complicated because most of the eu does recognize kosovo . 
  i believe it 's the same principle as with cyprus but more complicated because while the eu as whole does n't recognize northern cyprus most of the eu countries do recognize kosovo . 
  anyway i 'm sure some understanding will be reached by the time serbia will be ready to join . 
  edit : recognize kosovo . 
  even with the us there the baltics would be overrun pretty quickly . 
  it wo n't be an hour either way but a few days .
