they closed some fertilizer plants in the last years with the crisis and those where the biggest consumer of gas , without those the internal production is about as high as the consumption it seems, 
  the guy was condemned for stuff done before ceausecu came to power, 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant when [ this ] ( http://image.stirileprotv.ro/media/images/600x375/nov2014/61594239.jpg ) happened in the first round of the last elections some ( romanian ) smartasses said that transilvania would be better off without the rest of romania . 
  romania is eastern europe . . the balkans stop at the danube . 
  the only part of romania which is in the balkans is dobrogea . 
  edit : apparently wikipedia says it 's southeastern-central europe . . so you could say a part of it is in central europe, 
  yes but only trough a border checkpoint . 
  from what i understand you get a fine if you are cought inside the romanian part of the border , and fine + jail time if you get cought on the serbian side ( that is if you go from romania ofc ) . 
  there are signs that you will get fined but aparently `` instructions unclear '' . 
  that 's not to say that i agree with making a bike track leads you to illegaly try to cross the border, 
  i 'm sure we adimtted of getting a lot of things hungary . 
  we still are friends even if we had a few arguments here and there over the centuries, 
  i took the information from the wiki and regardless on who had control over it before , it was an independent state after 1330 under basarab i. untill of course we got vassalized by the ottomans, 
  wallachia was independent by 1350 and it got it 's independence from charles i of hungary . 
  it was n't part of the bulgarian empire since around the 10th century, 
  ok then , go on with `` educating '' people , it 's not like every post with romania in it has someone saying `` it was the gypsies not us '' . 
  why do people always get into a heated argument whenever someone mentions gypsies , even now when everyone was obviously trolling ? 
  the price difference for me between 200 mb/s and 1gb/s was a bit less than 1.5 euros a month so atm i save 18 euros a year . 
  i suppose one reason to have it is because you can and it 's cheap but it does n't really matter if i have 100mb/s or 1gb/s unless you count steam ^ or ^ pirating, 
  i wanted to upgrade to 1gb but then i found out i had to have an i7 and ssd minimum so i resigned myself to 200 for the moment . 
  that 's because everytime the internet speed is brought up someone has to point out something else where we fail so downvoting is kind of a defence mechanism . 
  if it makes you feel better i upvoted you because you were right but what you said was not really relevant to the post ( the post was about speed ) edit : guy did n't like the fact that people were hurting his karma, 
  to be fair in our place of which thing would you prefer to talk about ? 
  and that last place is well deserved , we do n't really like to pay with cards ( altrough lately people have been ordering stuff online , still paying with cash on delivery though ) and the public services ... well let 's say that we 're a long way from making progress there . 
  still i like to focus on the positive side of things, 
  it 's nice to see my country beeing first at something ( in the eu ) so i 'm sorry if my boasting offended you, 
  you are right of course but i do n't see why this is a problem . 
  the fact that people have the option to get high speed internet matters not how many actually have it ( though i agree that most of rural romania has limited options but that 's mostly because there is no demand and no real profit to get fiber to every village ), 
  so this is the reason they keep pushing for an eu army, 
  i think the only thing that 's keeping people in the big cities from getting 1 gb/s ( including me ) is that you need to upgrade your computer and get a new router so most do n't bother going faster than 200 mb/s, 
  so how will they overthrow syriza without the support of the majority of greeks and without elections ? 
  he said it 's open to more members . 
  he probably did n't mention them because they did n't attend . 
  it was just a meeting between serbian romanian and bulgarian pms edit :  we do not form an alliance against something , but we only want to promote the common interests of the three countries , an open group for all our neighbours in the area , of course towards the western balkan area . 
  romania always thinks of moldova , hungary , other countries in the region , because united we can have more success ,, 
  it 's all about the word games , this way they do n't alienate turkey, 
  is n't that just a matter of perspective ? 
  i mean for me a romanian that moves to france is an expat , for the french he 's an immigrant . 
  the minorities status in a-h brought ww1 but that 's not really relevent to the autonomy discussion . 
  as for the current situation i acctually thought things were settleing down this year . 
  15 march passed without any real incidents or attempts at instigation . 
  but then of course politics intervene . 
  as i said in another post alot of politicians are corrupt here and hungarian politicians are not an expection . 
  even though the guy brought the dacia argument which is irrelevant he was right about the fact that there is no real discrimination or aggresion on either side . 
  people are trying to live their lives and we all want the same things . 
  as for autonmy i do n't really agree , there are no real differences at an economic level on how any given county in romania is handled . 
  plus all villages/towns with a hungarian majority ussualy have hungarian mayors . 
  autonomy disscusions ussualy creep up either around hungarian national day or before elections in hungary where politicians ussualy come to promise the ethnic hungarians here stuff that they do n't really have any control over just to get them to vote for them . 
  anyway i may have a biased opinion of the situation but this is how i see the situation and i do n't think there will be a change in the status quo for the forseeable future , barring of course extreme law changes like removing the right to use minority languages in official documents in places where there is sufficient number of any given minority . 
   so why should n't we start with harghita and covasna ? 
  they sure want it more than other counties/regions . 
  because descentralization <  autonomy but has more or less the same economic effect they want . 
   tell me one thing we should be afraid of in case covasna and harghita are granted autonomy . 
  i do n't have one , i just think they might be a reason why no country with a hungarian minority gives them autonomy . . the people at the top are afraid of `` unforseen circumstances '', 
  that 's because the average romanian sees it as a publicity stunt of various hungarian-romanian politicians and of hungarian politicians ( see orban having a huge popularity with the hungarian minorities in the surounding countries ) and of course is under the impression ( which i find mostly true ) that the hungarian population already has all the rights it asks for except of course for a president of their own as the udmr autonomy plan wants . 
  i guess any break of the status quo might lead to unforseen circumstances especially now with nationalism on the rise all over europe . 
  also we are not the only country that 's afraid of autonomy . 
  slovakia for example has gone one step further and made it impossible to have dual citizenship and be involved in politics . 
  edit :  you ca n't know that . 
  for instance , as an autonomous region with legal personality they could access eu funds in their own name . 
  right now they can access funds at towns level or other administrative divisions but it 's not the same . 
  also , it could be argued that their poor economic performance is precisely because the current policies decided at central level are not working for them . 
  i do not know all these technical aspects and neither do you , it seems . 
  i am saying you are dishonest because , had they been the richest two counties , i doubt you would be ok with their autonomy either . 
  that can be said about any two counties in the country . 
  and i think that 's why descentralization is the way to go and it will help everyone not just the minority, 
  i 'm really tried of this ... year after year it 's the same thing . 
  the average hungarian wants what every romanian citizen wants quality of life increases , better wages etc. 
  we really are the same , and they do get alot of whats mentioned in the article to the point where some do n't even bother to learn romanian . 
  the hungarian parties however are full of corupt people ( much like all the romanian parties ) with the notable difference that whenever a hungarian politician is convicted of anything they go to hungary and escape whatever punishment . 
  does post soviet mean after ceausescu came to power ? 
  or is it just a fancy way of saying post-communist ? 
  also is the article really trying to transmit that everying thats happening in romania with the fight against corruption is because of women prosecutors ? 
  because kovesi had 8-9 years to do this stuff and by whatever reasons she did n't . 
  the only thing that changed is the president which thankfully is n't trying to medle in everything and just sticks to his attributions, 
  villages are modernizing today , and even ones with all the necesities are loosing population . 
  still you are right i exagerated . 
  but not all of them will survive the next decades only the ones near big cites will be left for the reasons you described . 
  sure we have it here too . 
  but that 's just because young people either chose to go live in a city closer to where they work or leave the country . 
  i guess in a few generations kids will only learn about vilages or go to one turned into a museum . 
  but that 's not necesarely a bad thing . 
  only thing that might have delayed it would have been trying to combine the vilages ( a century ago ) instead of this 700-800 people every 5-10 km or in some cases even closer . 
  i think the small map shows only countries that were createad after the country they have been part of split ( urss ) . 
  slovakia is an error because the czech republic should have been there too on the small map . 
  there would be no point to show germany or italy again on that map . 
  was of propaganda . 
  polan just could into a russian simulator . 
  we did some bad stuff in the war with looting after the ocupation but we got rid of your commies so we de something good too they came back 20 years later but still, 
  only looking at ethnicity sure . 
  but kosovo is a limited recognition breakaway state so any kind of break in the status quo will distabilize the region because serbia will not sit by and watch as a teritory they consider rightfully theirs get 's annexed, 
  maybe if the nsa was persecuting or harming you . 
   asylum is granted to people fleeing persecution or serious harm in their own country and therefore in need of international protection . 
  yes because threats like this always work . 
  and if it comes to that , they are an anomaly in the schengen area with no actual borders to any other shengen state so where would isis members go ? 
  they 'll stay in greece ? 
  edit : schengen state *, 
  http://www.netindex.com/download/map it 's interactive too edit : just realized what you meant , ignore my post :|, 
  since when is moldova in the balkans ? 
  i would guess that it 's because it 's kinda right not to recognize it .
