  you do know you cut a big chunk of eastern europe right ? 
  edit : and northern europe too but yes europe is small . 
  idk about far less . . we 'll see when things calm down how much less corrupt they are . 
  for what is worth i hope you are right but i really do n't want to get my hopes up that something will change especially seeng as half of pnl is pdl and we all felt their rule a few years ago with boc . 
  probably the same thing just with people from pnl mostly beeing prosecuted ... there are alot of corrupt people on both sides . 
  if any of them just continued the status quo i do n't think we ( the people ) would have just stood by and watched, 
  nobody really wants to fight or die for anything , much less for other countries . 
  but if the roles where reversed poland and the rest of eastern europe will have to help too . 
  anyway it 's a pointless argument because the whole point of nato is strength in numbers to make countries think twice before invading any particular country , and i doubt russia or anyone really will try to invade a nato country . 
  it 's nato law and if that particular nato law is broken then nato dissolves ... if people do n't defend poland there it 's clear no one will be defended in case of war . 
  nato . 
  article 5, 
   budapest 's decision to award the bulk of contracts for the two reactors to rosatom without a public competition to be fair they did n't seek any alternatives they just chose the russian company, 
  seeing as they are `` collapsing '' the euro on purpose it should probably be classified as controlled falling ... but that would n't really make for a catchy title, 
  i do n't see what the right to bear arms has to do with having an unified eu military for defence ( the disagree button is for posts not relevant to the discusion ) . 
  i 'm not under any ilussion that i would help more if i owned a gun in case of an invasion than now . 
  you do n't need passports if you are a citizen of the eu . 
  i do n't think it 's a flaw . . you ca n't really rework this unless we go back to normal borders with passports and visas and everything . 
  this kind of blackmail however is bad for the image of greece . 
  you ca n't really call yourself civilized and threthen to release potential terrorists in other countries . 
  seeing as they do n't have a land border with other schengen states it should be pretty easy to enforce . 
  but if they give them greek citizenship it wo n't stop them moving anywhere in the eu, 
  right , sorry . 
  the guy talked about federalization after the post you replied to and i guess it stuck in my head . 
  descentralization is one thing . 
  i agree with that . 
  federalization is quite another and i do n't really think it would be good for romania to become a federal state, 
  if only the united states of greater austria plan worked maybe the empire would have held together ... then again hungary would have had more or less the same land . 
  depending on which country you will get different tips . . that was the point of his post, 
  is n't your government handing out citizenships to every hungarian that wants it ... i mean alot of ethnic hungarians in romania have double citizenship . 
  and why count them as romanian and not slovak for example ? 
  yes you are right ... however this seems to be decided on a country by country basis ( ex : in lithuania ) * in case when the constitutional court finds the eu law contrary to the lithuanian constitution , the union law loses its direct effect and shall remain inapplicable * i have no ideea how it works for romania however , and anyway the article states ** incitement to ** is punished not talking about it ... but that can be interpreted in multiple ways . . 
  anyway i did n't hear of anyone get arrested for it and there are plenty of romanians talking shit about romania, 
  i do n't think there is a country where eu law supersedes the constitution of a country ( including poland ), 
  my parents have something similar at home . 
  the water to the bathroom and kitchen comes from a well on the property with an electric pump . 
  tbh the money you would pay for running water you pay on the electricity bill . 
  as for the quality of the water i always thought that the well water was much more healthy than running water in a city for example ... as long as the well is dug at the right depth of course . 
  so the way i see it , the people of moldova do n't wa n't any kind unification so forcing one will just mean romania will spend alot of the money we do n't have integrating a country that 's only going to hate us for it . 
  also we would be going from one big minority to 3 , well 4 as i doubt the moldovans will consider themself romanians . 
  they may even revive that movement to make moldovans an actual minority even though they are like a third of romanias population, 
  i doubt they will distort the sense of national identity . . people are always going to be * instert nationality here * first and european second . 
  last i checked they were still learning of the european conflicts in history and at least in romania i remember to have learned about european capitals , rivers , mountains even before we were accepted in the eu, 
  moldova - brother with multiple personality disorder that sometimes recognizes you as a brother and sometimes does n't . 
  ukraine - they cancelled the minority language law and have a pretty big part of the blame for what 's happeneing right now . . the law did n't only concern the russians but romanians and hungarians also . 
  hungary - that friend that you argue over and over about same thing and never reach any conclusion ... we are kinda friends though ( except on 1st december and 15 march ) serbia - has half of the portile de fier dam . 
  likes to remove stuff . 
  bulgaria - they had the first capital to be overflown by enemy aircraft , also in the second balkan war the romanian army lost more men to disease than actually fighting them , we patched things up though , even built a bridge over the danube along with them . 
  you are right , sorry for the mislead , so many high-profile arrests this days it 's hard to keep up with what each of them did or owned . 
  according to http://www.armedforces.co.uk/europeandefence/edcountries/countryromania.htm romania has about 300 ... that seems like a more reasonable number ... the other 500 may exist but i doubt they left whatever place they may be stored in the last 20 years, 
  also macedonia . . or did they sneak in while i was n't looking ? 
  so either things improved alot in the past 2 years or this map uses a different scoring system . 
  the picture is from may 2015 , they probably did n't have time to send an updated one edit : http://www.collectspace.com/review/carlwalker/esa-shoulderpatch_22flags01-lg.jpg, 
  i do n't know why but i expected france to be higher . 
  freedom of movement is not ignored . 
  but you can have stuff link persona non grata that are not allowed entrance . 
  so if for some reason the uk has info from other european states that some person is dangerous they can simply be denied entry . 
  that is why you have the passport/id checks otherwise what was the point of staying out of schengen ? 
  romania does and we are not in schengen either . 
  so why do you think the uk does n't ? 
  well hungarian politicians tend to run to hungary the first sign of trouble with the law and then shout discrimination or claim they will get rid of romanian citizenship . 
  that is an admision of guilt too imo . 
  however i agree that it 's hard to make sure that the trials are not politically motivated . 
  from the little i followed psd seems to have the most convicted but i guess that 's because they had more elected mayors and stuff at the last election . 
  probably this https://www.start.umd.edu/gtd/search/incidentsummary.aspx?gtdid=200804030012, 
  at least a part of us will be in schengen then . 
  i agree , but it 's really hard to do when they get alot more money begging there than working here , let alone getting benefits . 
  the first step in getting rid of beggers is stop giving them money . 
  try to buy them something to eat and you 'll see most do n't want that . 
  they are not closing the border any more than it is now . 
  they will just build a fence in the places you are not allowed to cross anyway . 
  and i pay 10 $ . 
  here it 's a bit over 6 euro/month for 300 mbit/s . 
  i would n't really consider the major parties as left or right . 
  they just do what they think will give them popularity . 
  til that romania was in central europe before ww2 . 
  are there no left-handed people in the uk ? 
  [ first of all ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ) it seems the problem is with the banks not with the trust in the european project, 
  and they did in 2007 when we joined . 
  i do n't think anybody complained . 
  i thought the queen did n't get involved in politics . 
  or at least not make public statements . 
  she did n't say anything during the referendum either . 
  it 's ok to buy french wine and german cars but subs are where we draw the line . 
  https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/bricul_mircea enemies tremble at the sight . 
  the type 22s are ok but not really needed in the black sea . 
  if you think the government treats transylvania as a backroads rural area how do you think they treat moldova ? 
  http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-xgaesjgtijw/vkccbqolcji/aaaaaaaafk0/k4r2tiwcyz0/s1600/harta%2bpib%2bjudete%2b1995%2b2015.jpg here is one with percentage of gdp for different countries . 
  you can see in the table under pib the amount in lei, 
  i do n't think it 's even about the flag . 
  if that flag did n't exist people would find another thing to fight about . 
  especially when elections are on the way . 
   `` we have a supply chain which goes from an eastern european manufacturer , to a second eastern european country , to saudi arabia , to turkey , to a syrian opposition group and then to islamic state in falluja in iraq , in less than two months , '' so let me get this straight everybody and their mothers selling weapons to the saudis is ok . 
  eastern europeans doing it however is bad . 
  i was not disputing the fact that romania is associated with the balkans . 
  it is . 
  i was disputing your claim that 2/3 of romania is in the peninsula with a map that shows the borders of the peninsula and the countries associated with it . 
  if dobrogea region is 2/3 of the country then yes . 
  neither do we . 
  the weapons get sold to saudis , irak , jordan and then find their way into syria .
