  probably will get some flak for it but why jump to recognize kosovo and then condemning what 's happening in ukraine . 
  i 'm sure no one will jump to recongnize the donetsk republic if a similar treaty will be signed . 
  i do n't think anyone would want the eu to have only english the main language . 
  eu likes it 's cultural diversity and language is a big part of that . 
  that said more and more people have english as a second language so this is happening without the eu bringing any rules to say which language we should use ( that would not go well for the eu imo ) . 
   indeed , the commission now works almost exclusively in english , even in services where there is no native english speaker . 
  if that is the second language they all have it 's normal for them to use english , i 'm sure that if all of them spoke french and one or two did n't speak english they would speak french in meetings . 
   in fact , european citizens must speak english to follow what happens in brussels . 
  otherwise , it is only a second-class citizen that `` brussels '' was even reluctant to admit the existence . 
  i do n't agree with that , most news of what 's happening in brussels is related by each country in their own language and even if that was n't the case holding a press conference in 24 languages is a pain in the ass and will probably take a day . 
  bottom line is english is becoming a second language of the whole eu and will probably continue to be it even if the uk leaves simply because more and more people know it . 
  thanks wadcann for posting the translation, 
  if that 's what passes for brutal in your world you need to get out more . 
  we see them taking the banners with no context and no violence , i can spin this in 1000 different stories . 
  i 'm sorry i gave you a view . 
  damned clickbaiters . 
  i like to think they change alot . 
  i mean from the 90s untill now we had ceausescu , iliescu , basescu ... give it a few years and we an add iohannis to the list and whoever comes after . 
  what i find very funny is that each of them got to power with the aproval with most of the country . 
  it was actually very interesting to watch , thanks for posting it , i probably would n't have found out about it otherwise, 
  i feel bad for turkey now , but hey at least an eu on this scale will never get anything done . 
  we barely agree on anything now and theres only 28 voices , with almost 200 nothing will get done . 
  because even with our militaries combined we will still be alot worse than any other big players , countries cut the military budget , barely no one maintains even the 2 % gpd . 
  even if all these problems would be solved and a united europe would spend a shit ton of money on upgrading and increasing it 's army . 
  the us would still be the main ally and the defence pact would still hold if only because there is strenght in numbers . 
  that said i think a really united eu army , not just making the individual armies cooperate a bit more , will not happed unless there 's a much more integrated eu and that wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  even if europe will have a unified military it will still be part of nato, 
  the source is probably http://www.netindex.com/download/, 
  you led with it ca n't and finished with it can if they start trowing bombs willy-nilly . 
  anyway no point it arguing , you 've made your point . 
  next time i 'll say that only a parts of the world will be covered \u00een nukes . 
  the parts that are known to house nukes . 
  as i write that i realized why the trope is continued . 
  it sounds alot better . 
  no it probably will not be the end of the human race , it will certainly be the end of human civilization as we know it . 
   but the point is , in order for a general nuclear war to be able to do what you say , where `` all the world can be covered in nukes like 3 times '' it requires all parties to toss 50 years or so of nuclear planning to the wind and just start tossing nukes willy-nilly . 
  so it can happen but it will not because of planning . 
  good to know . 
  i 'm also going to be a bit mean and say you just wrote a wall of text do disprove a joke that is technically true by your own admision . 
  he certainly likes to throw nuke threats around ( well not him directly but his subordonates ) . 
  but you may be right , he might use this to end the fighting in ukraine , probably wo n't get him anything more than a part of ukraine though . 
  90 days every 180 . 
  now that i think of it you ca n't really stay more and call it a vacantion . 
  if you never plan to move somewhere in the eu then no , greek citizenship wo n't give you any perks ... except maybe longer vacantions in the eu ( no need to bother with visas ), 
  dick cutting works better . 
  i realize now that punching a dick is useless . 
  it will still be the same size . 
  seeing the recent threats to danemark trying to defend youeself is adversarial these days . 
  do n't worry in the event of a conflict all the world can be covered in nukes like 3 times , it wo n't matter where your position relative to the shield, 
  i do n't mind dick measuring as long as it does n't turn to punches if one side does n't like the outcome . 
  130 million a year is nothing for the eu budget . . especially for something as important as keeping your language ( people become very attached to it ), 
  sure english courses are mandatory in schools in most states ( i realize now that is exactly what you want so it 's already happening ) , that does n't stop people from just learning the basics to pass and then forgeting almost everything in time because they do n't use it . 
   the language will serve as a standardized language , with the right education/illumination , people will accept this . 
  that 's the thing , i do n't think they will . 
  i for one even though i support a closer union like the language diversity in the eu and again even though it will start as a second language how much untill the other ones will fall into obscurity ? 
  i mean after the right education/illumination people will see that a common language is all we need after a few generations . 
  ok then realistically there will be no language union in the eu , people are not so keen on forgetting their own language ( and yes you can say it 's the second language but it wo n't be seen as that when you say it 's mandatory to learn whatever language , it will be see as depriving people of choice )  the eu is not based on rivalry between eu-states , but based on unity . 
  every country in the union wants what 's best for them and their people , and they pull in different directions . 
  there are n't alot of issues where the union agrees unanimously . 
  we all know that the eu wants to be a superstate on reddit and on the internet . . that 's not reprezentative of the people on the eu . 
  rushing the eu to a superstate and imposing stuff like mandatory languages would put more strain on the union . 
  i support the eu `` superstate '' but realiasticaly we have a long long walk until there , if the union survives this decade that is . 
  it 's already crumbling from the sanctions on russia and the surge of ukip like parties . 
   no , i am sorry , that is absolutely not true . 
  the people on the internet are not representative for people of the eu . 
  i 've been to several eu countries and most people can not speak english ( outside of english speaking countries/netherlands/some nordic countries ) . 
  i said thank you internet because that 's where myself and most of the people i know that are my age learned english . . not that i learned from the internet that people speak english . 
   yeah but that 's not how efficiency works . 
  the eu should be efficient and uniting , not being a bureaucratic block . 
  besides that , there are more issues . 
  interpretering sentences does not always go well with translators . 
  not to say that translators are bad , but it should n't be normal to have them imho . 
  to be fair the eu is not normal . 
  and everybody speaking english would be seen a win for great britan and as them having more influence in the eu . 
  the whole point was that all the countries are equal , that is why the eu has 24 official languages . 
  if you really want to see a comon language for us i think the best bet would be something like esperanto . 
  that would be a neutral language in which all of us could understand each other without any of the current eu languages beeing seen as dominating the other ones . 
  i 'm a bit torn on the subject because even though that will bring us all closer over time every other language will fade in obscurity . 
  as it stands now most of the younger generation knows english anyway ( thank you internet ) so give it a few decades and we probably wo n't really have a problem with understanding each other . 
  as for the eu parliament . . the only downside of how things are done now is the fact that they spend alot of money on translators ( but on the other hand they also give alot of translators jobs ), 
  they are barely a breakaway state because no one recongnizes their independence , not even russia which kept the status quo in the region . 
  officially they are a part of moldova . 
  but yes nato should not intervene in the conflict and will not intervene , that would mean atacking the russian brigades stationed there and war with russia . 
  anyway in case of a conflict romania will probably intervene ( for what that 's worth ) but i do n't think we 'll drag the rest of nato with us ( defensive alliance ), 
  calling transnistria a state is a bit of a stretch . 
  so bucharest will be a underwater city . 
  and trianon will be revised . 
  fun times ahead . 
  thank you iceland . 
  contact the ( * insert your country here * ) ( * insert any political institution here * ) and have them do something about it !, 
  individual countries will just tax as much as they damn please ... they are trying to make the taxable income the same for all the countries http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/company_tax/common_tax_base/index_en.htm, 
  i misunderstood at first and then seached for a bit and found out what the law was about . . 
  the proposal is not to harmonize tax rates , it 's to have a common definition of what is taxable income , the taxes would still be different in each member state  the common consolidated corporate tax base is a single set of rules that companies operating within the eu could use to calculate their taxable profits . 
  in other words , a company or qualifying group of companies would have to comply with just one eu system for computing its taxable income , rather than different rules in each member state in which they operate . 
   in addition , under the ccctb , groups using the ccctb would be able to file a single consolidated tax return for the whole of their activity in the eu . 
  the consolidated taxable profits of the group would be shared out to the individual companies by a simple formula so that each member state can then tax the profits of the companies in its state at the tax rate that they - each member state - chooses , ( just like today . ), 
  the only country that wo n't complain is the one with the lowest profit tax . 
  because that 's where all the multinationals will go . 
  asia - 44,391,162 square km africa - 30,244,049 square km north america - 24,247,039 square km south america - 17,821,029 square km antarctica - 14,245,000 square km europe - 10,354,636 square km australia - 7,686,884 square km europe is small, 
   would allow companies operating within the eu to consolidate their profits in one eu state for some reason i think most nations would not agree with this proposal,
