  looking at the genetic map there 's not that much difference between romanians and hungarians ( or bulgarians or serbians for that matter ) . 
  as for the map , except tribalia ( first time i hear of it ) it 's just areas controlled at some point by romania . 
  it was obviously made to provoke a reaction . 
  :( where is croatia ? 
  yes . 
  of course . 
  but as long as the referendum is agreed upon by the rest of the uk there should not be a problem . 
   failed to show an adequate plan of improvement the 2017 cvm report states that there has been positive improvements from 2014 untill now . 
  of course there is alot more to do but your statement is false . 
  source : https://ec.europa.eu/info/files/progress-report-romania-2017-com-2017-44_en in the conclusion, 
  while the romanian government certainly has alot of flaws they did pour alot of money into equipment and training for the border guards . 
  and since the netherlands is the only eu country that vehemently opposes romanias entry into schengen you can see why the average romanian feeles like your country has something against us . 
  the conspiracy theories about the constanta harbor do n't help either . 
  i 'll take not beeing in schengen if we get romanian space colonies . 
  i 'm willing to bet that we 'll be at the lowest possible speed in this multi-speed eu regardless of what kind of integration we want, 
  i guess that if a product like salami has 75 % meat in germany and 50 % meat in slovakia and cost the same or a bit more in slovakia you ca n't really explain it with different tastes . 
  unless of course slovaks do n't expect meat in salami . 
  voievod was used as well . 
  romania is n't limited to deveselu, 
  i doubt nukes only fly over europe from russia to the us . 
  also does n't moscow have some kind of missile shield ? 
  moldova of course . 
  you never know when they want to make `` greater moldova '', 
  it most likely wo n't be the end of russia . 
  i doubt any nato country would push into russia . 
  directly threatening the territory of a country with nukes is not a wise thing . 
  this happened in 2010, 
   translate from romanian : you mean translated from moldovan :d, 
  i 've seen gerar in the orthodox calendar . 
  no idea where they got carindar from . 
  from what i understand it was not shut down , just disconnected from the power grid . 
  it still functions at reduced capacity . 
  so there is no problem with the reactor, 
  is n't brexit a `` get out of jail free card '' for the government ? 
  if it does n't go well it was because the eu wanted to punish the uk . 
  the current migs are extremely old so they need to be replaced . 
  countries do n't need to have someone threatening them to update their military equipment . 
  the 14th army is not part of the joint control commission however . 
  i do n't really think any of the big parties ( psd , pnl ) will be openly pro russian ... but then again this is 2016 ... anything can happen, 
  you can reset the negative connotations all you want . 
  we 're still in eastern europe any way you look at that map . 
  although culturally we are more balkan . 
  but geographically romania is in eastern europe . 
  stop letting meaningless labels trigger you . 
  i actually thought dodon revoked his citizenship, 
  i think there is a law against indecent exposure , however i never heard of it being used against women not wearing bras . 
  where ? 
  first time i heard of something like this . 
  he acted irresponsibly by boarding a passanger plane knowing full well that he will be denied entry just like last time . 
  he just thought that he 'll be protected by `` women and children '' . 
  next time maybe he 'll bring that bomber . 
  to be fair this time he did n't threaten to use a bomber so it 's a bit more diplomatic than last time . 
  maybe next time he 'll do better . 
  that 's our secret defense strategy . 
  triggered, 
  you do n't use the defense budget to build roads . 
  there would be enough money for roads if they were n't extremely mismanaged and/or stolen, 
  i guess spain and italy is mostly us then . 
  i do n't know . 
  but i guess that it 's because it 's been an year since the last time they said that and like 20 since they first said it . 
  first off . 
  [ here ] ( https://gyazo.com/954e53d3073f245c20651e50b3ca55d7 ) now that we have your complaint about useless internet points out of the way . 
  the us did n't say that they will remove the troops and then never got around to actually removing them . 
  but leaving that behind , my answer would be the same if the germans or anyone would pass a vote from parliament to remove other countries troops from their territories and the other side felt it would be a provocation . 
  asking a country to remove troops from your territory is a provocation now ? 
  i think the russians said last year they intend to remove the 14th army from transnistria so why is the moldovan parliament asking for them to hurry up such a big provocation . 
  how many beginnings of the end did the eu have again ? 
  because i lost count after the first few . 
  to be fair you can associate them with the colors in the top left . 
  welcome to barely having money to maintain the current equipment :d . they 'll probably make a few more given time or if one crashes . 
  we had a few ( 20 + ) modified in the early 2000 's with anti-tank weapons . 
  there is also a naval version , one for each frigate i think so 3 . 
  sure but all the talks about multiple speeds are about further integration and not about the four freedoms . 
  first of all where did i say you insulted someone ? 
  or do you mean you are about to insult me ? 
  because in your rant you assume a lot about what i said from just the mantra ( which `` edit : even '' if i may project i can find quite a few quotes in this very thread that back me up ) . 
  i do n't actually gain anything if you guys stay in spain or go independent ( nor would it affect my life a bit ) but as i said in the very begining of what i said i do hope you are right . 
   we 've being told we 'll be like transitria and/or kosovo , countries noted for being small , poor and corrupt . 
  maybe you 've been . 
  i however specifically stated that you wo n't be transnistria . 
   because there is indeed , and i think you will not deny it , a gulf of knowledge between what you know about catalonia and what i know . 
  of course it 's true but what i said does n't invalidate that . 
  if you really really trust your government and think they have everything in hand for the independence the all the power to you . 
  however we are commenting on an article about how the eu parliament president is saying that you 'll be out of the eu but maybe you know something i do n't ( very likely ) . 
   tthe most grating part is that you are clearly showing a deep ignorance of the cultural , economic , political and even historical aspects of spain and catalonia , and yet you are doing all sorts of assumptions on who will recognise us and worst , the rationale these countries will use to deny us such recognition , despite you not knowing what is their opinion because ou do n't really follow the issue of catalan independence , the movements of catalan and spanish diplomacy ( you do n't even know catalonia has its own diplomatic service ) and the results of the meetings and conferences which are constantly taking place . 
  really you got all that from what ? 
  are n't you projecting on me a little bit ? 
  only mention i have made of your government is the mantra one . 
   this is a pretty big assumption , do you think thailand wo n't recognise us because cambodja or the patani insurgency i was talking about the eu and not the rest of the world  i would never dare make such assumptions on issues of main importance to romania , even if i did n't like your country or your people for some reason , because i have no clue of what happens there and since i do n't speak romanian , my options to get information are very limited , and probably biased . 
  off course you do n't make this kind of reasoning regarding my country , because you are so sure of what you know . 
  the thing i assumed however is that a quarter of the eu will not recognize you . 
  and regardless of your presidents wife i 'm very sure my country wo n't recognize you . 
  all the romanian governments to date have been alergic to separatist movements . 
  romania will most likely not recognize you and say it 's a spanish internal matter and leave it at that . 
  that was actually the only assumption i made in my post . 
  ( i did include the other countries that do n't recognize kosovo to date so i said at least a quarter of the union ) . 
  there was no assumption about catalonia there was just a statement that your government should have a plan . 
  if you trust them to have one in case of the situation stated then good luck to you and as i said in your post i hope for your sake you are right . 
  this is why your rant about my assumptions catalonia seems odd because reading my post again i never did assume anything about it . 
  just the previously mentioned statement ( which again did n't assume anything ) .
