they also have a tough time with their own political cast ( which i think this `` negative opinion '' is focused on ) . 
  unlike in russia , were the same amount of people thinks their own government does everything right . 
  there is a difference between constructive debates and complete shut down to different opinions . 
  1998 [ run lola run ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0130827/ ) - classic action thriller 2001 [ manitou 's shoe ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0248408/ ) - great comedy parody on the western movie genre . 
  also mentioned by u/sakser . 
  2003 [ good bye lenin !, 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0301357/ ) - great comedy about the fall of the wall and the east/west german relationship . 
  2004 [ ( t ) raumschiff surprise ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0349047/ ) - same crew as manitou 's shoe . 
  space movie parody . 
  and i feel like that especially the more patriotic norwegians can just not vote for a psychopathic murderer that killed his own people . 
  he is completely delusional , and that he seriously believes he could start a party after doing something so terrible makes me wonder what else he may think . 
  that 's probably because most of those other regions are not stable long enough to do it . 
  is this the punishment by google after all the trouble with us germans ?!, 
  now we only get city centers but no country side . . 
  i think the state you are referring to at the end there is california , which de facto has had legal weed for quite a while . 
  ( prescriptions can be given on various and simple illnesses ) however , the majority of the other legal medical cannabis states make it much more difficult to receive such a license . 
  because the fifa is trying not to be political . 
  and while i know there are a lot of things wrong with the organization ( pretty much all of it ) , they still got one thing right . 
  and that is that football is the most popular sport , and almost everywhere it is played . 
  so instead of diminishing the chances of small nations not being able to participate , by including even `` nations '' such as american-samoa , we give so many people the opportunity to compete internationally . 
  not all 200 + fifa nations have equal chances to make it to the world cup maybe , but simply the option that they could is great in my opinion !, 
  something along the lines of `` i do n't take lessons from nazis '' . . 
  or a pretty bad troll . 
  maybe both , but either way nothing good coming from engaging this guy in a conversation . 
  you 'd be better off arguing with your pet . 
  more faulty assumptions . 
  at least reddit is showing you what they think of your opinions . 
  i hope you can find peace in your sad and lonely life . 
  i do n't see anything in u/madman 's response that grants any sort of foul language you are using here . 
  he was trying to express his personal opinion on an absolute argument you claim to be true without any sources . 
  this subrreddit is about acceptance and diverse discussion . 
  we can be of different opinions for sure , but please stop your pathetic attempt at arguing . 
  this is such a scary thought !, 
  but to be fair again , a tiny percentage of people in these pictures actually do those things . 
  so your generalization to be `` sorry '' for these people still does n't do anything more than stereotyping . 
  yeah , especially since the borders are already non existent for most europeans . 
  yeah , u/xkenq sounds very much like somebody who gets all the information from here , yet seems to fail at representing the average r/worldnews reader . 
  do n't know what ? 
  oh i see , that might as well been it and i just said all that for nothing !, 
  trust me , as much as putin is a tyrant and dictator-esque leader . 
  he is not going to stop the sale of gas to anywhere . 
  even though gazprom and all those are government controlled , those millionaires and especially billionaires will not forgo a profit because of some `` political dispute '' . 
  the age of capitalism has definitely not stopped at russian borders . 
  and replacing it with renewable energy is actually happening much faster than anticipated . 
  now while i know there are really only two opinions on this matter in germany , i would argue that this change would have happened anyway . 
  now why not be on the forefront and actually become the experts in renewable energy , in long term energy storage and redoing out power grid . 
  i agree it might cost us , and we share the burden all together . 
  but in the long run this is probably beneficial nevertheless !, 
  yeah , that mold will spread spores all around the building . 
  even if you have some `` intact '' walls this will be a health hazard all around . 
  i do n't either , opinions and emotions do not belong in arguments , but most people do not seem to understand that . 
  either way , while you do have a point , i would just disagree with the idea that we are not good at understanding each other . 
  with the internet and the general globalization we are moving much more towards understanding each other . 
  think about the wars that were fought last century or for hundreds of years before that . 
  now we are 7 billion people , and while every person dying of conflict is one too many , in relation we are much more peaceful nowadays . 
  the general idea of patriotism ( extreme sides of it ) and humans being different from each other is the cause for conflict in our world . 
  do you even know what democracy means ?!, 
  it includes such a thing as compromise . 
  not democracies fault if people abuse it . 
  what a terrible last paragraph ... 
  i would strongly disagree . 
  especially when one of the sides is supposed to be the lawful representation of the other . 
  the ukrainian people have a right to protest but not to be ridiculed by their own government . 
  alright lets talk about this . 
   please , give me at least 2-3 sources that all back up this assertion , because i 'm going to have to call bullshit . 
  and if there is any credence to it , i 'd venture that many of those supposed jobs went to mexico , not to the united states . 
  i believe a similar argument can be made for poland and the european union . 
  also , if this is the logic with the united states , why in the hell would you think the european union 's fta with canada did n't kill canadian jobs ? 
  i honestly do n't care enough to find these numbers . 
  but you can go to any farmer in quebec or ontario , and they will tell you what they think about unregulated and therefore cheaper farm produce from the us . 
  either way , that is not my main concern , as i am more focused on my other argument . 
   india ? 
  india doesnt have ultra rich cooperations screwing over the european markets . 
  and better regulations ? 
  i doubt it . 
  do you even know what your country is allowing . 
  alright let me give you an example why this is so bad : for example , the us has allowed for many regulations that make producing certain things much cheaper . 
  partially because of such low minimum wages but also because there are many rules missing that are existent in europe . 
  how to hold live stock , how to treat and store certain meats . 
  ( you ca n't have your chicken or beef chemically modified as easily in europe ) now at the same time , because of these rules , the companies have become very rich . 
  no problem yet , but now comes the trade agreement . 
  a us company that sells really cheap chicken , cause production cost is lower , can now sue a european country , because it has such strict regulations . 
  and because of the agreement , and the vast economic powers combined ( unlike in countries like india ) , they would likely win . 
  therefor allowing this cheaper shit to flood the market and destroy jobs . 
  oh yeah , it might help some jobs in europe , but in the end i do n't wan na have the same irresponsible companies run our governments as much they do in the us . 
  your turn . 
  or maybe lost in translation . 
  not sure why you gettin down voted , but the lack of economic understanding in this threat is incredible . 
  i do n't even want to argue with some of these people cause there is a clear miss conception about even the most basic economic principals and current political situations . 
  their gdps are actually almost the same . 
  but the european union is not a homogenous unit as the us . 
  firms in europe have less power of political decision and less freedoms in questions of tax and employment regulations . 
  like i said , i am all for free trade , but not with the united states in its current situation . 
  which all have smaller and therefore non threatening economies . 
  who are you referring too ? 
  i am surprised you are the one saying that , assuming you are from canada , and the canadian/us trade contract has destroyed so many jobs in canada . 
  in general the more free trade the better , as we will save all these costs that are unnecessary . 
  the issue is , if the pact is made with a country ( usa ) , that has so few and bad regulations on co-operations , all the sudden you are exposing the european countries to these firms that are terrible for the average person and are all about wealth extraction . 
  why comment then ? 
  this is a very common `` strategy '' of blaming each other of infiltrating , and doing all these things .
