  yep , definitely not a case of governments being complicit . 
  coming soon this summer !, 
  ** * think that the nazis were bad ? 
  * wait til you see the us `` invade every fucking piece of land it can '' !, 
  * staring matt damon and barack hussein obama * . 
  lol okay totally , it had nothing to do with us support for the mujahadin in afghanistan , or support for solidarity in poland , or inroads made with gorbachev , or any other external factors . 
  nope , totally just the soviet union waking up one day and deciding that it was n't worth it . 
  who is `` we '' here ? 
  the allies won wwii , and america won the cold war . 
  if this were game of thrones , germany would be some scorched-earth hellhole right now , but no - right after the war ended the us funded an enormous rebuilding effort to ensure that the soviets specifically * did not * overcome the rest of germany and thus western europe . 
  the us understood that you need to fund countries that may have been your sworn enemy a year before in order to counterbalance the new enemy : the soviet union . 
  it 's a strategy that europe failed to adopt after wwi , and as such they set the stage for wwii . 
  the us specifically did not punish either germany or japan after wwii , and now both countries are strong allies against russia and china and other hostile powers to the us . 
  basically , you fundamentally misunderstand how to win wars . 
  emotionally , you are entirely correct - the soviets were terrible in many ways and their army was evil . 
  however , without funding from the us , the soviets would n't have been able to crush the nazis , which would have therefore had more power to repel the us and britain on the western front . 
  finally , the proof is in the pudding - the us handled wwii correctly , and 40 years of work later the soviets were gone and germany was reunified and now you get to live in a prosperous country . 
  had the allies not supported the soviets during wwii , it 's unlikely that we would be in the same position today . 
  because everyone has a spy agency and everyone does it too ? 
  what 's the point of calling another country out ? 
  if anything , germany 's reaction was strange - why would you make a public spectacle of another country 's spying activities when you know damn well that you were complicit too ? 
  and now , sure enough , germany and merkel have egg on their face since they tried to play dumb last year . 
   the german news media have further said that the merkel government knew of cooperation between the b.n.d. 
  and the american spy services , but withheld that information from a parliamentary committee assigned to investigate the affair . 
  so merkel threw the us under the bus even though she knew all about it prior to it becoming public knowledge ? 
  i guess it became personal when she realized that the us was also tapping her own phone ? 
  the amount that merkel has known and reacted to as if she did n't know is pretty high , and yet she still did n't know half the things that she should have . 
  first off , we are selling f-18sh units for export , which compete nicely with current european alternatives . 
  secondly , go look at the budget for the us military . 
  it 's larger than basically every other western export market combined . 
  so while your country may depend on exports , the us is its own largest customer , and thus the us does n't need foreign partners to justify new development . 
  if the dod wants it , us companies make it . 
  yeah italy has always been a major economic power - most of us do n't speak italian though so we do n't really keep up with them . 
  wait what ? 
  so the us developed a jet that was n't for export , but then showed it off to buyers who could never afford it anyway , for the sole purpose of disrupting sales of eurofighters and rafales ? 
  not sure what to say ... 
  has the most money : | rank | country | nominal gdp ( annual ) ( millions ) | | -- | ---------------- | ---------- | | 1 | united states | 17,418,925 | | 2 | china | 10,380,380 | | 3 | japan | 4,616,335 | | 4 | germany | 3,859,547 | | 5 | united kingdom | 2,945,146 | | 6 | france | 2,846,889 | | 7 | brazil | 2,353,025 | | 8 | italy | 2,147,952 | | 9 | india | 2,049,501 | | 10 | russia | 1,857,461 |, 
  uhhh . . the f-22 has never been made available for export . 
  the us has never exported stealth aircraft until the f-35 . 
  the f-117 , b1b , b2 are all examples . 
  maybe that was the case in 2010 , but it 's 2015 and the f-35 is proving to be pretty capable . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/lorenthompson/2014/11/21/clean-sweep-f-35-fighter-confounds-critics-with-perfect-performance-in-first-tests-at-sea/  in this harrowing environment , two f-35c fighters managed to accomplish 124 catapults and arrestments , 222 touch-and-go landings , and a host of other operations without a hitch . 
  on their first try . 
  it was a world-class performance for the carrier version of what used to be called the joint strike fighter , and a vindication for prime contractor lockheed martin . 
  as the navy news release put it , `` the aircraft demonstrated exceptional performance throughout its initial sea trials . '' two follow-on sets of tests are scheduled in 2015 and 2016 , but the navy can now be confident that the f-35c will be ready for its first scheduled fielding with the fleet in 2018 . 
  let 's imagine that it 's also a bunch of nuclear missiles and we have a deal . 
  oh wait ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuban_missile_crisis the us set up a blockade and forced the soviets to back down . 
  what 's france doing to keep russian and china out of the med ? 
  i wear mine loud and proud . 
  and get downvoted to hell and back for it , lol, 
  in most developed countries minors have the exact same constitutional rights as adults , aka free speech , due process , freedom from unlawful search , free expression , etc. 
  now laws are obviously different for minors than for adults , but you ca n't make laws that violate constitutional rights . 
  that 's the whole point of civil rights . 
  so you see why i think that it 's not relevant what age someone is when it comes to questions of free expression . 
  i 'm pretty sure that school children still have rights though , even if they do n't realize it yet . 
  i think that we are agreeing on these points - i know that the us and france lets you disrespect religion and also lets you say whatever you want about other people 's religion without fear of government prosecution . 
  that 's free speech . 
  i simply wanted to point out that using the term `` value '' to describe the `` right '' to criticize religion seemed incorrect to me . 
  for instance , i 100 % agree that it 's a western value to have the * right * to criticize religion . 
  i do n't necessary agree though that it 's a western * value * to criticize religion . 
  i 'm talking about personal freedom of expression , not literally t-shirts . 
  you 're god damn right . 
   being able to disrespect everyone `` sacred cows '' and get away with it is what allowed us to escape the cycle of religious war . 
  ehhh ... ... . . 
  this is quite the stretch . 
  i think that simply understanding that you can coexist with a community that has different beliefs is what let us escape the cycle of holy wars , not intentionally mocking religion . 
  it 's not a western value to disrespect religion . 
  maybe it 's a french value , but it 's not an american value , therefore please do not present it as a western value . 
  in the us , people do not go around making fun of other people 's religion to affirm our core values . 
  in fact , we see the freedom to worship however we want , without government interference , to be one of our biggest core values . 
  it 's literally the first right in the bill of rights . 
  serious question : are students considered members of the government when they attend publicly-funded schools ? 
  i can completely understand prohibiting teachers and administrators from having religious outfits or expressing religious views while at school . 
  but i do n't understand why this same standard would be applied to the students as well , who are just members of the general public and not getting paid . 
  maybe you can clarify ? 
  the problem with blanket intolerance of things is that some things tend to be more intolerable than others . 
  where are you going to draw the line ? 
  better in my opinion to let people do whatever they want and express their opinions openly and freely . 
  if they want to wear traditional clothing that 's their choice . 
  in my school in the us you could wear whatever crazy stuff you wanted so long as it did n't have profanity or weapons attached . 
  some kids literally dressed up as witches in long black dresses ( putting spells on people , lol ) , others wore christian shirts , some people wore headscarves ... somehow we all managed to coexist peacefully and still learn . 
  if you are cool with banning everything that 's fine , but it 's just like trying to ban all drugs : you are fighting a losing battle . 
  better to embrace the fact that people should be allowed to decide for themselves . 
  i think that we both know that comparing scandinavia , a region with fewer people than one american city , to the entire us is silly . 
  take a look at the non-white citizens of scandinavia . 
  are they equally as wealthy and educated and influential as their fellow citizens ? 
  what about first generation immigrants ? 
  do you consider them german ? 
  there are tons of unsolved issues on both sides of the atlantic . 
  pretending that sweden or norway has a universal solution is ignoring demographic realities . 
  i mean , if you think that it works then more power to you . 
  i personally think that it 's a terrible idea that sets the precedent that people are unequal in the eyes of the law . 
  being rich comes with a lot of perks that most people would consider unfair , such as much better access to travel , restaurants , entertainment , etc plus the ability to easily provide for your family and friends . 
  you can also purchase businesses and/or land and become an influential donor to causes , thus raising your status in the community . 
  should we also jack up the price of cars , restaurants , airfare , and hotels so that it proportionally takes the same amount of money for a rich person to travel as it does for a poor person to travel ? 
  at what point are you just legislating equal outcomes for everyone ? 
  the us has the principle of `` equal opportunity '' , aka the idea that we should strive to build a nation where everyone gets the same start in life until they become a legal adult . 
  obviously we are n't there yet , but that 's the idea . 
  what we do not have is `` equal outcomes '' once you become an adult . 
  it 's sink or swim .
