  massachusetts , for instance , legalized full gay marriage in 2003 . 
  lots of states banned it completely , so there were n't many middle-ground cases . 
  the federal government stepped in today via the supreme court and ruled it unconstitutional to refuse to issue a marriage license due to the gender of the people getting married . 
  in the us , the federal government has the final say over states via the supremacy clause of the constitution . 
  article 6 , clause 2 :  this constitution , and the laws of the united states which shall be made in pursuance thereof ; and all treaties made , or which shall be made , under the authority of the united states , shall be the supreme law of the land ; and the judges in every state shall be bound thereby , anything in the constitution or laws of any state to the contrary notwithstanding . 
  so while states can create their own laws and rules , when they come into conflict with federal laws , the federal law trumps state law . 
  therefore , when the federal courts ( the supreme court ) ruled that gay marriage is legal , no state can oppose that ruling . 
  there is no way to appeal a federal supreme court ruling . 
  ya got me !, 
  correct - the us government can not force any church or religious institution to perform gay marriage , although certain sects ( episcopalian for instance ) will perform them if you wish to be married in a church . 
  that said , the legal and tax benefits all come from the government , which is why this is a very big deal for couples would did n't have their partnership/marriage recognized in the state that they lived . 
  that 's a pretty outdated stereotype of texas - the ~ ~ capitol ~ ~ capital austin is one of the most progressive cities in the country , and cities like san antonio and houston are very metropolitan and surprisingly liberal . 
  just remember though that texas is twice the size of germany , so there are a lot of rural voters and some more traditional hispanic families that are stuck in the 20th century . 
   also , as another redditor said , people may not be able to marry in texas or other states , but if they marry elsewhere they ill retain their status in texas as if they were a heterosexual couple . 
  no , starting today the can not be refused marriage in texas or in any us state . 
  it is now the law everywhere in the us that states must issue marriage licenses to everyone , regardless of sexual orientation . 
  to clarify , the ruling in the us grants same-sex partners the right to legal marriage in all states . 
  this means that they are eligible for all government benefits that come with being married , such as jointly-filing taxes ( saves thousands af $ $ ) , visitation rights during hospitalization , and many legal benefits that only the state can issue . 
  this does * not * mean that churches or religious institutions in the us will be required to perform same-sex marriages . 
  they can choose individually whether they want to perform them or not . 
  but this means that legal marriage ( aka when you get your marriage license from the courthouse ) is extended to everyone in the us . 
  hope that makes sense !, 
  the us was founded on the separation of church and state btw - it 's the very first right in the bill of rights . 
  it 's a great day today for the united states - finally after decades of protests , petitions , violence , bans on marriage , and fierce public debate the highest court in the land closed the book : all americans may now marry the person that they love . 
  remember though that the fight was won through the courts , not the voting booth . 
  you can not vote for rights . 
  you can not as a society decide that some people are more deserving than others . 
  either you believe that all men and women are created equally , or you do n't believe in equality under the law . 
  today the supreme court interpreted the constitution to state that marriage is a fundamental right that all citizens should have the option to enjoy . 
  it 's for this reason that obama called the ruling today `` a step towards a more perfect union '' , which is the ultimate mission of the us : progress is never complete and we must always keep pressing onward . 
  for european citizens living in countries that do not currently recognize gay marriage , just remember that attitudes can change fast - do n't give up hope !, 
  just like many people in the us held up the superior health system in many european countries as a positive example when obamacare was being fiercely debated , you too can point to countries where gay marriage is legal and see that it has brought about positive change . 
  do n't dwell on this news as a bad thing , but instead use the momentum from across the atlantic to change the policy in your home country !, 
  you mean like successfully reforming healthcare in the us , reversing a recession ( something most of europe had n't done yet ) , just oversaw the complete legalization of gay marriage , etc ? 
  yeah , pretty awful at the important things . 
  i know that all you probably care about is the nsa , but as an american citizen i care far more about the domestic accomplishments . 
   our government is full of bullies there is only one way to fix a bully . 
  lol spoken like a true american . 
  let europe handle it themselves , do n't pander for fake internet points . 
  also , the un is n't there to check the power of the us - it 's based in nyc for a reason . 
  do you really think that i 've never heard of a lamb kebab before ? 
  ... like , are you genuinely being serious ? 
  there are probably 30 restaurants in my city that serve lamb kebab . 
  it 's not exclusive to europe . 
  and fyi i 've lived in europe for quite a bit so you can chill on the whole `` dumb american '' trope here chief . 
  that 's because a grexit would hurt the global economy , and thus the us . 
  it 's also because if the eu screws this up and greece finds more support from russia , then we have a problem with nato since greece is a member . 
  it 's not that hard to understand why the us cares about seeing greece stay - still does n't change the fact that apple could pay off all of greece 's debt and still have plenty of cash to burn . 
  they keep changing my gmail password too !, 
  so annoying . 
  whoa now , new mexico would like a word . . 
  wait , you are telling me that hollande is calling an emergency meeting based on `` intel '' from an un-vetted report on wikileaks ? 
  what a knee-jerk reaction . 
  the first thing that you should be considering is a ) whether this is actually a true report and b ) who is noting your reaction to said news . 
  running around panicking shows that the french were truly in the dark when it comes to knowing who can be trusted . 
  same thing happened when merkel threw a fit over her phone being tapped . 
  if the americans can tap your phone that easily , god knows that the russians and the chinese have already gotten at least that far . 
  patch your security and hire better people . 
  it 's not a secret that countries spy on each other . 
  err ... go look up what country controlled the suez canal in 1954 . . 
  `` have a kebab afterwards '' oh yes , the enlightened comments that can in no way be construed as racist . 
  that 's why i too tell everyone that the police in ferguson should throw fried chicken and watermelons instead so the protesters have something to eat . 
  yep , absolutely no racism there !, 
  the modernization program that you linked worth 500m was the first major project in a decade , as stated in the article . 
  the f16s were purchased in a very different era than the present . 
  it 's worth mentioning that paying for maintenance ( which is what the 500m is for ) is a smart use of money , since otherwise you 'll lose your entire investment and have to mothball your fleet . 
  at the end of the day though , greece just is n't a major customer in 2015 . 
  i 'm mean , it 's a pretty shitty situation all around . 
  i do n't blame the migrants for trying to jump into cars since it appears that they are basically homeless and do n't have any food . 
  is it legal ? 
  but neither is burning tires and shutting down the chunnel , yet most people can emphasize with the french unionists . 
  greece buys around [ $ 20 million in arms annually from the us ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/arms-sales-by-the-us-and-russia-2014-8 ) , not billions . 
  the people burning tires are the french unions , not the migrants . 
  christ does nobody read the article ? 
  i 'm glad that everyone is so ready to upvote tired racist shit here . 
  did you read the article ? 
  the french unions are the ones that are protesting and blocked the tunnel and ferry , but the huge temporary migrant camp in calais is right next door to the protest and so the migrants are taking advantage of the traffic jam ( caused by french union strikers ) to try and jump into passing trucks . 
  the police are holding back the migrants because they have no food or shelter right now and would rather run into moving traffic to get to the uk than stay in calais . 
  pretty shameful situation all around . 
  [ no , the suez crisis and eisenhower ended the british empire . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2001/mar/14/past.education1 ) the us basically made it extremely clear to the uk and france ( and israel , but they were n't very important at this time ) that their days of launching their own unilateral military actions were over . 
  the fact that the uk did n't consult washington first was what pissed off eisenhower , since he was in the middle of a reelection campaign based on his ability to keep the us out of war . 
  now there was a war , but the us wanted nothing to do with it . 
  after a phone call to the pm and the exchequer in which eisenhower essentially intimated that he was prepared to dump us holdings of sterling and devastate the uk economy , the british backed off and the suez crisis was resolved . 
  this was the true end of the british empire . 
  do n't worry , your government will ensure that you ca n't see any youtube videos of the baby seals getting clubbed until after 10pm . 
  you would n't want children seeing how awful those canadians are now would you ? 
  what type of enforcement mechanism is that ? 
  that 's like saying that the factory up the street will have their pollution quotas enforced by their rival factory , since they 'll sue if it 's unfairly high . 
  hint : both companies will agree to break the law since it is beneficial for both of them to pollute more . 
  this is basic decision theory and why regulators exist . 
  oh right , the imf is clearly concerned about preserving the gravy train of selling arms to a country * that has the same gdp as detroit *, 
  have you ever heard of [ medicaid ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=medicaid ) it 'll pay for your cancer treatment . 
  to the moon !, 
  i mean , snapchat started as two guys ' school project at stanford . . they just launched a company in their living room and within three years it was worth 10 billion . 
  they did n't really have a lot of exposure but they were right in the thick of things and knew how to market it . 
  plus a ton of initial investment from vcs helped them scale . 
  no apples or facebooks involved . 
  while that sounds plausible enough , there 's no reason why a successful company would need to agree to be acquired .
