  then we went to pay the bill and the waiter said that the manager had covered it all for us . 
  roughly $ 80 . 
  that 's going the extra mile , because you can be sure that i 've visited that place often after that since they have shown that they are serious about providing great service . 
  most people are n't expecting to be a waiter for life at applebees - it serves as a nice stop-gap or temporary employment for students , young professionals or working parents who are n't available for 40 hours a week to work . 
  i get that you are trying to disparage the us and the waiters who work at shitty restaurants , but nobody sees being a waiter as a career unless you are at a top-flight restaurant or a restaurant manager . 
  believe it or not , not every single job out there deserves to provide equal compensation and benefits . 
  it 's pretty obvious that you 've never been to the us and eaten at an upscale restaurant . 
  it 's absolutely a career for people in the us , and a lucrative one at that . 
  nah americans dislike cash ( it 's pretty rare to purchase something as large as a meal in cash ) and we especially hate coins . 
  they have dollar coins , but everyone hates them . 
  oddly though , ecuador uses us dollar coins all the time , which is hilarious . 
  tipping is great , it 's an incentive for better service , gives more control to the patron , and if you are a good waiter you get far more than you would in a non tipping country . 
  people do n't complain when salesmen get paid on commission - why should waiters ( customer service ) be any different ? 
  being employed as a waiter is n't a human right , and if you are n't doing your job well i should n't have to reward shitty performance , especially since your entire job is making sure that the customer is happy . 
  yeah , this thread is funny because if you ask americans who travel often , they almost all universally complain about service in europe . 
  it 's so interesting to see different perspectives . 
  do you find that service is similar from a tipped waiter vs a flat-wage waiter ? 
  ah sorry , i thought that you meant `` printed '' on the receipt and not written by hand - you are correct that you write the amount on the receipt . 
  just fyi , in the us waiters make a base salary of around 2.50 , but then almost all waiters pool tips so if someone does n't make the federal minimum wage ( $ 8 ) they get paid additional money to ensure that they meet that threshold . 
  the difference is that some waiters can make 20-40 dollars an hour with tips , which is a nice perk . 
  some bartenders will easily clear 70 an hour in tips if they are good and fast . 
  the tip is not written on the receipt in the us - you have a line to write the tip and the the final line where you add the tip and write the total . 
  got ta do some math but it 's not hard to calculate 20 % . 
  the us is the [zombo.com ] ( http://www.zombo.com/ ) of countries . 
  okay , the chants are awesome . 
  but still , please explain indoor flares - that seems like a terrible idea . 
   few critical remarks and you talk about hate and ramping up allies in foreign countries ? 
  first off , i 'm not even sure what you are trying to say - that 's not a coherent sentence . 
  second off , the reason i posted that article is because it does a good job of showing why this is no longer just a spat or exchange of critical remarks , but rather a sea change in us policy toward the current israeli regime . 
  correct - as hyped up . 
  if you are arguing that american fans do n't live and breath and die for their teams just as european fans , then you are making a baseless assumption . 
  i 'm not saying that they are more hyped up , just explaining that both the us and europe have diehard fans who love their teams . 
  just friendly banter my friend - serbia definitely outplays their size as a country , and they definitely have a ton of heart . 
  you have every reason to be proud of the team 's performance !, 
  i 'm simply giving an explanation for why american football stadiums scream and yell and try to make as much noise as possible instead of coordinating chants . 
  can you at least appreciate that there are differences between the two approaches before assuming that i 'm making a judgement on which one is better ? 
  while that 's certainly impressive and awesome looking , i ca n't help but think that lighting multiple flares indoors in a crowded arena is just asking for a darwin award . 
  for basketball there are definitely teams that do a lot of chanting - [ ku for instance . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddxfc0mqfxc ) hockey ? 
  probably not an advantage . 
  baseball ? 
  it 's a different type of spectator - there is n't an advantage to being loud unless you are just trying to hype up your team . 
  yeah it 's annoying that most pro stadiums in the us are all family friendly essentially . 
  in college sports , the student sections are as close as you will get to blocks of hooligans , but since most stadiums prohibit large flags or flairs or whatever it 's not going to happen . 
  the reason that american stadiums opt for noise instead of chants is because it gives their team an actual tactical advantage . 
  in football , if the crowd is loud enough the qb ca n't communicate with his linesmen , thereby causing penalties or blown plays . 
  chanting sounds good , but a straight wall of noise is what you want if you are trying to win for your team . 
  if you want to see coordinated yelling - take a look at a team like texas a&m . they hold practice the night before to go over the yells . 
   welcome to european basketball ` muricans . 
  [ if we are going to be talking trash ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nl6ztsc.png ) seriously though , glad to see hype around basketball in europe !, 
  [ it happens in college basketball too - there are tons of chants and traditions among powerhouse schools . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzblew5f_ta ), 
  [ west virginia football fans vs riot police and tear gas last week ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qxu2ktwlac ) it is n't as common , but it definitely happens . 
  [ have ... have you watched any college basketball ?? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/61somxpm5uc?t=43s ) [ or college football ?? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blzftasdunc ) [ or the nfl ?? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5hxtnsydak ) not taking anything away from the excited fans in serbia - they are definitely into the game - but the us * definitely * has super hyped-up fans and stadiums . 
  edit : it 's pretty interesting to see the reactions here . 
  i 'm not attacking european fans nor saying anything about their level of excitement . 
  i 'm simply replying to the argument that american fans lack passion , which is simply not true . 
  very few people on this sub follows american sports closely , so nobody should be judging american sports for lacking passion from their fan base . 
  i 've been to a number of large football games in europe , including the english national team vs the dutch at wembley , and the atmosphere was n't too electric . 
  that said , i know that those sorts of games are n't the type where the real crazy fans and chants come out , so i 'm not going to judge an entire country based on that one experience . 
  okay , i 'll give you that - if your opponent wants to die in a nuclear holocaust then sure , a preemptive strike is on the table . 
  for literally every other category of actor , there 's no scenario in which a preemptive nuclear strike would work out okay against an opponent with an automated second strike capability . 
  that 's mad for you . 
   huh , are you an israeli or jewish ? 
   ** because obama administration does not hate israel or netanyahu or at least did not actually do anything that would hint that ** . 
  few critical remarks and you talk about hate and ramping up allies in foreign countries ? 
  this is really strange position and i only heard this aggressive language from israelis when they talk about obama in / r/worldnews [ 1 ] you are showing how out of touch you are . 
  from two days ago :  the other day i was talking to a senior obama administration official about the foreign leader who seems to frustrate the white house and the state department the most . 
  ** `` the thing about bibi is , he 's a chickenshit , '' ** this official said , referring to the israeli prime minister , benjamin netanyahu , by his nickname . 
   this comment is representative of the gloves-off manner in which american and israeli officials now talk about each other behind closed doors , and is yet another sign that relations between the obama and netanyahu governments have moved toward a full-blown crisis . 
  the relationship between these two administrations -- dual guarantors of the putatively `` unbreakable '' bond between the u.s. and israel -- is now the worst it 's ever been , and it stands to get significantly worse after the november midterm elections . 
  ** by next year , the obama administration may actually withdraw diplomatic cover for israel at the united nations ** , but even before that , both sides are expecting a showdown over iran , should an agreement be reached about the future of its nuclear program . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/10/the-crisis-in-us-israel-relations-is-officially-here/382031/ stop acting like you are informed . 
  this , ladies and gentlemen , is why you do n't use reddit as your sole source of world politics . 
   usa can put pressure on countries to align with its position , its not wise to go against so openly expressed wishes of the usa , especially not for some meaningless gestures like palestine the obama admin hates netanyahu , and the us wo n't defend israel from pressure from * other * western countries . 
  if anything it helps the us 's position against netanyahu . 
   the us got allies all around the middle east , basically except syria and iran , * every single country is more or less friendly with usa * , with shitload of military bases & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;  unconditional support of israel actually harms usa interested there , considerably . 
  actually was one of the main stated reasons of 9/11 attacks once again , us support is anything but unconditional . 
  we give millions to gaza and the west bank as well , and have pushed back against israel in the past quite forcefully . 
  maybe take a look at the suez crisis ? 
   turkey is democracy , jordan is more or less . 
  [ turkey is a democracy in name only ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2013/06/02/how_democratic_is_turkey ) , and jordan is a monarchy . 
  in jordan , the king appoints the parliamentarians . 
  not a real democracy . 
   usa does not need to somehow try to charm israel with doing favor like not recognizing palestine , israel needs usa considerably more than usa needs israel . 
  if israel would try to to pull some shit like not sharing vital intel , well , that could end up incredibly ugly and served very little in israels interest the us 's recognition of palestine is mostly based around the fact that there is n't a good group of people to recognize as the legitimate government . 
  you have a number of groups , including hamas , that claim to represent the people of palestine . 
  if someone reasonable showed up i would n't doubt that the us would recognize them . 
   if there would be a book about shitty allies , israel would be somewhere in there along with italy ... considering usas dealings in the middle east for the last decade and half , and any lack of contribution that israel put forward ... yeah its not that great eh , israel earned their keep during the cold war - very important that they also made peace with egypt which kept the suez canal open for international trade to expand . 
  they also fought off actual invasions of their country multiple times , so they are certainly competent . 
  just keep a historical perspective going forward . 
  overall i think it 's still a good study , especially for regulatory considerations and the legal system . 
  i was more just looking at some of the subscoring where the us had really high energy prices compared to other countries , which is n't the case at all for the vast majority of the country . 
  but yes , electricity would be high in nyc compared to upstate ny . 
  is n't this metric only talking about the two largest cities from each country ? 
  while that may be a substantial part of denmark , it 's much , much easier to start a company in omaha or denver or chattanooga than it is in nyc or la. 
  just something to keep in mind .
