  since it seems like you are interested , the us is also rolling out the new class of destroyers for the navy : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zumwalt-class_destroyer stealthy and potentially equipped with railguns and lasers . . plus they look bad-ass . 
  seems like a lot of wishful thinking to be honest . 
  there are plenty of predictions about how the economy * should * perform , but the data is n't bearing it out . 
  the flash pmi data out today agrees :  german manufacturing expanded at the slowest pace in 15 months in september as new orders fell , signaling uneven momentum in europe 's largest economy . 
   markit economics said its purchasing managers index fell to 50.3 from 51.4 in august , the weakest since june 2013 . 
  economists surveyed by bloomberg news predicted a drop to 51.2 . 
  a gauge of services rose to 55.4 from 54.9 , offsetting the drop in factory output and pushing the composite index up to 54 from 53.7 . 
  a reading above 50 indicates expansion . 
  i hear you , although i do n't think that 's unique to the us in any way . 
  pretty much all major countries have the same issue with `` revolving door '' politics . 
  the eu is n't much better . . just walk around brussels and you 'll see the lobbyists everywhere . 
  russia is a oligarchy , so no surprise there . 
  china is obviously based more around the central party , but those people are also heavily funded by companies after they `` leave '' office . 
  i 'd say the bigger issue is addressing and removing superpacs and preventing corporations from making direct donations to politicians without disclosing their donors . 
  that 's the much bigger , and potentially solvable , problem . 
   first of all i would abolish `` first past the post '' or `` the winner takes it all '' voting system . 
  it homogonises the political landscape . 
  small parties get killed off through this . 
  i really dought ~ 50 % of the population each have similar interests , but most vote strategically so the ideological enemy wo n't be elected . 
  not a bad idea , however i 'm not sure that other system offer a better solution . 
  would you like to see ranked voting or preferential voting ? 
  generally speaking the issue is more with the composition of electoral districts and less with the voting system imo . 
   i would ban private campaign of companies or to go even further most campaign contributions at all . 
  the system then would be replaced by a tax funded model to stop the influence of corporate america and other rich douches . 
  i agree somewhat , but i would cap private donations instead of banning them outright . 
  i should still have the personal right to support a candidate with my money . 
  the idea of public financing is good , but then you run into issues with the government having to decide which candidates are serious enough to receive funding for the elections . 
  what 's to stop me from declaring my candidacy every election and laundering my public , tax-paying money i receive ? 
   i would abolish house and senat and replace it with a parliament . 
  ( to this day i do n't know why you guys need two ? ), 
  strongly disagree . 
  the bicameral legislature is the foundation of american government and exists for a very good reason : solving state representation issues . 
  if we only had one house then it would tip the balance in favor of big states or small states . 
  in case you do not know , the house is based on population , and the senate is a fixed 2 senators per state . 
  this is actually genius . 
  read more : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/connecticut_compromise  rewrite the constitution so the president has no longer any power , who the next highest judge will be . 
  the three powers have to be independent as possible . 
  all powers check and balance each other . 
  the president appoints supreme court justices , but they have to be confirmed by the senate in order to take office . 
  so all branches get a say http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appointment_and_confirmation_to_the_supreme_court_of_the_united_states  and at last : let former and current political leaders be watched so they wo n't make any shady deals . 
  when a president steps down from office , they purposely become a regular citizen to avoid this . 
  they have no political power , although they are still given a pension and secret service protection . 
  very good to know . 
  so if you have a distribution center , is that supposed to be mail order or warehousing ? 
  it seems like they are missing a `` logistics '' category ... what do dock workers , truckers , and freight yard operators fall under ? 
  do grocery distribution centers fall under retail ? 
  i 've heard germany treats all workers for a company as the same category . 
  so if you are a janitor at a bank , you technically work in financial services . 
  is this true ? 
  i 'm not sure that amazon needs to comply with any demands from the unions . 
  according to the nyt article less than 600 of the early shift workers took part in this strike , and amazon is not expecting the strike to impact their schedule delivery dates . 
  source : http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/22/amazon-workers-walk-off-the-job-in-germany-over-wage-dispute/?_php=true&amp;_type=blogs&amp;_r=0 i mean , unions can certainly play hardball , but the fact that it 's an incomplete strike does n't really give me confidence that amazon will `` learn its place '' in europe . 
  more realistically , the workers on strike will find that they are n't as vital as they think . 
  you do n't accuse geologists of being hacks for failing to predict every earthquake do you ? 
  you do n't accuse doctors of being hacks when they fail to diagnose the right disease every time ? 
  economics is n't an exact science by any means , and while there is general consensus on a wide range of topics , the general public likes to jump in and claim they are just as qualified to give their opinions . 
  actual economists have studied a ton of past data , run regressions to separate causes and effects , and tried to combine social and psychological data with hard mathematics to understand how people make decisions on a macro level . 
  it 's not like economists sit around in a room and throw darts at a board . 
  an economist would be the first to tell you that they are not scientists , and they know that their models are not going to be perfect . 
  that said , germany has been ignoring warnings from economists for quite some time , and it 'll catch up to them soon . 
  just look at business sentiment for example : [ graph ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-business-confidence.png?s=grifpbus&amp;d2=20140825 ), 
  yeah i 'll agree there . 
  the golden age for prime seems to be behind us here in the us . 
  on the other hand , they are cool about letting you use one account per household , so i split my prime account with my roommates to save money . 
  kind of like how everyone splits netflix accounts . 
  woops , missed that . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't agree with the op here , but it is worth mentioning that germany has unprecedented influence over the european central bank . 
  it is based in frankfurt and is modeled directly after the german central bank . 
  many of the people working there favor germany 's viewpoints on monetary policy , with a key exception being draghi . 
  this gives germany the power of the purse , so to speak . 
  sure their political representation is low , but their financial influence is arguably more important . 
  most economists would say that europe is currently in an aggregate demand trap right now . 
  large businesses are sitting on piles of money , but choose not to invest ( aka hire workers and build new factories ) because they do n't see a market for their goods in europe . 
  the reason they do n't see a market for their goods is because the unemployment rate is high , thus on average people have less money to spend on buying goods . 
  so now it 's a chicken and egg problem . 
  people wo n't spend money because they do n't have a job ( or are worried about losing their job ) so they save instead . 
  when they save , businesses shrink and have to lay off workers , which causes less investment . 
  the way out of this spiral is for the government to pick up the slack and spend money on counter-cyclical investment . 
  aka rebuilding infrastructure , repaving roads , making new parks , etc. 
  this employs people who have been out of a job , increases their ability to spend , and then therefore helps the business sentiment improve because they see people are richer . 
  then , ideally , the business community will be confident enough to start spending their reserves and hiring more people again , returning the economy to full employment . 
  this is what the us did to escape the great depression , and what the us did in 2009 as well ( although not quite as much ) . 
  basically , the government needs to invest during recessions otherwise things will stay bad and businesses will close and move to other countries . 
  so to answer your question , yes , government spending is very important during recessions since nobody else will be willing to spend money and break the cycle . 
  germany 's current insistence on not spending and austerity is the exact opposite of prudent economic advice . 
  that 's why europe has been stagnating for these past few years in my opinion . 
  that is his point . 
  national politics in all major countries can quickly become international problems . 
  i know it 's not europe , but there are no restrictions like this at all on mobile internet in the usa . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think that amazon.de can not offer discounts on printed books because germany considers books to be of `` unique cultural value '' and prohibits anyone from discounting them . 
  this probably hurts the value of amazon since in the us almost all the books are discounted . 
  food has never been practical or cheaper on amazon . . unless you are buying huge bulk amounts of protein powder or something . 
  grocery stores almost always win . 
  one thing that makes amazon worth it in the us is prime - it 's an annual subscription but it gives you free second-day shipping guaranteed , plus discounts some prices ( and you get streaming video , etc included ) . 
  i use amazon prime for everything from knives to acs to shoes . . it 's very convenient when i do n't have time to make a run to a store for just one item . 
  i think the money being made is from the delivery aspect . 
  i agree that it might not seem like a good value proposition , but germans are definitely using it . 
  amazon has grown in germany quite a bit for the third straight year . . up to 10.5 billion usd this year . 
   they 'll learn that eventually .
