  here are the steps : 1 ) reunification meant that half of germany is significantly poorer than most of western europe , thus lots of lower-wage workers initially in the 90s . 
  cheap labor if you will . 
  2 ) export-heavy industries like autos and manufacturing developed in germany thanks to cheap labor and emphasis on apprenticeships in the education system . 
  3 ) early 2000s there was a fairly large labor liberalization push - meaning that you can hire and fire easier than neighboring countries . 
  also helps business and industry . 
  4 ) ( big one ) the introduction of the euro in germany now means that the currency is undervalued for the purpose of german exports . 
  this allows other countries to buy german goods more cheaply than they would be able to if germany had their own domestic currency . 
  this is because the rest of europe is n't as economically strong . 
  basically , germany is a net exporter with a very advantageous currency , which keeps the gravy train running at the direct expense of the rest of the eurozone . 
  it wo n't last forever . 
  wolfgang schaeuble is the biggest economic idiot on the world stage right now and i hope that when the history books close on this dismal chapter in european economic affairs , his name is held up as the moron who caused it all . 
  first off , not selling government debt is a fucking stupid thing to do . 
  if people are willing to lend you money at close to zero percent interest , you should always take it and use it to pay off higher debt obligations , such as investing in infrastructure or schools or public services . 
  while today it may seem like spending money , in 10-20 years when you need to replace fewer bridges and roads and schools it 'll be saving you tons of money . 
  it 's frankly irresponsible not to take advantage of that offer . 
  secondly , by not issuing bonds and focusing on paying off their debt , germany is completely ignoring the fact that their industry and economy is struggling to keep up with other major economies like china or the us . 
  the gdp growth rates have been lower , manufacturing output growing slower , etc. 
  they are still doing pretty well now all things considered , but the second derivative is negative . 
  prosperity wo n't sustain itself without active investment . 
  finally , the main reason cited by wolfgang schaeuble for paying off the debt is to `` inspire confidence '' in the business community , which in turn will boost the german economy . 
  first off , the german trade balance is over 8 % overbalanced towards exports , meaning that german internal demand is weak and they require external markets to sustain their economy . 
  business confidence therefore has little to do with how germany is performing , but instead about how their markets are performing . 
  if the rest of the euro area is floundering , you can certainly bet that german business confidence wo n't be high since the factories wo n't have as many orders . 
  overall , wolfgang schaeuble is a hack and an idiot , and shame on germany for taking him seriously just because he looks and talks like a `` serious person . '', 
  careful there - you are starting to sound pretty american  come join the melting pot !, 
  holy shit dude , do you honestly think that you are the only one here that knew that ? 
  of course i know the fucking context of that picture , that 's why i chose it to illustrate my point . 
  a fucking 9th grader should know that . 
  my point is that you can go back to the turn of the past century and still find enormous , power-hungry corporations that were going to take over the world , yet here we are today , still alive . 
  if you think that you are the only one here enlightened to the `` truth '' of corporations , perhaps you need to take a big step back and realize that some of us also went through that phase before deciding that blindly hating enterprise was simply unproductive populism . 
  it 'll end with us all as corporate slaves , hail ibm , yada yada . 
  people have been saying this for literally over 100 years now : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a0/standard_oil_octopus_loc_color.jpg, 
  well the us government only has power over us companies and the us dollar . 
  if you use the usd to trade and do business with folks that the us has identified as criminal , the us gov reserves the right to meddle with `` your business '' . 
  the only threats that the us needed to make towards ubs was to cut off dollar clearing services in nyc , which would have destroyed the company overnight . 
  it 's just one of those things where if you play with the us 's money , you got ta follow the us 's rules . 
  while obviously it 's not a popular choice here , america does a good job with their enormous national parks , register of protected historical places , and a system of national monuments . 
  of course it 's a little easier to identify the historic buildings here . 
  good point , they might sponsor an orchestra concert series next !, 
  the horror !, 
  while i understand that most people in europe hate guns , i 'd personally rather be shot than seriously stabbed/beheaded . 
  sure , but uber is only breaking your interpretation of the law , not the letter of the law . 
  the german court decided that this was in-fact illegal ( agreeing with you ) but i think what the poster is saying is that in the us they allow this gray area to exist because it has proven to be very popular with people . 
  in cities like boston for instance people love uber and use it all the time , and it works great . 
  many cab drivers have sold their medallions to drive for uber instead . 
  it 's called innovation , and as a result the cities and countries that allow their laws to be flexible will gain a competitive advantage . 
  chalk it up to a different culture i suppose . 
  i was laughing recently at a report that showed how the state of missouri is richer per person than germany - that 's so absurd to me . 
  anyways , you could very well end up on the street if you have no savings and decide to break your lease , but that does n't happen often at all . 
  last time i was in germany there were tons of homeless people as well , which begs the question : is it better to be homeless in missouri or germany ? 
  err ... http://www.nasa.gov/missions/schedule, 
  yeah but the point was that america told people very clearly that they were invading . 
  even dropped leaflets and cards prior to the bombing in cities . 
  much , much different than unmarked troops pretending to not occupy a country . 
  it 's basically the argument that many people , especially in germany , are putting forward for this conflict . 
  namely that we should give russia what they want in the name of peace . 
  i bet you can guess what happened soon after 1939 . 
  history tends to repeat itself if you let it . 
  haha , seems that i 've touched a nerve here . 
   first of all i must say something to those who have written to my wife or myself in these last weeks to tell us of their gratitude for my efforts and to assure us of their prayers for my success . 
  most of these letters have come from women -- mothers or sisters of our own countrymen . 
  but there are countless others besides -- from france , from belgium , from italy , even from germany , and it has been heartbreaking to read of the growing anxiety they reveal and their intense relief when they thought , too soon , that the danger of war was past . 
   if i felt my responsibility heavy before , to read such letters has made it seem almost overwhelming . 
  how horrible , fantastic , incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas masks here because of a quarrel in a far-away country between people of whom we know nothing . 
  it seems still more impossible that a quarrel which has already been settled in principle should be the subject of war . 
   however much we may sympathize with a small nation confronted by a big and powerful neighbor , we can not in all circumstances undertake to involve the whole british empire in war simply on her account . 
  if we have to fight it must be on larger issues than that . 
  i am myself a man of peace to the depths of my soul . 
   for the present i ask you to await as calmly as you can the events of the next few days . 
  as long as war has not begun , there is always hope that it may be prevented , and you know that i am going to work for peace to the last moment . 
  good night . 
  - neville chamberlin , 1939, 
   but i think the us likes the eu the way it is : fragmented and unable to do anything because it has no executive power . 
  actually i think that the us wants the opposite . 
  read gate 's farewell speech :  in an unusually stinging speech , made on his valedictory visit to europe before he retires at the end of the month , gates condemned european defense cuts and said the united states is tired of engaging in combat missions for those who `` do n't want to share the risks and the costs . ''  `` the blunt reality is that there will be dwindling appetite and patience in the u.s. congress , and in the american body politic writ large , to expend increasingly precious funds on behalf of nations that are apparently unwilling to devote the necessary resources ... to be serious and capable partners in their own defense , '' he said in an address to a think tank in brussels . 
   america has not experienced war in it 's country . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_civil_war  the american civil war was one of the earliest true industrial wars . 
  railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively . 
  the mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed world war i. 
  it remains the deadliest war in american history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties . 
  * one estimate of the death toll is that ten percent of all northern males 20 -- 45 years old , and 30 percent of all southern white males aged 18 -- 40 perished . 
  from 1861 to 1865 about 620,000 soldiers lost their lives . 
  * edit : wow , this is n't meant to be a dick-measuring contest . 
  i was simply refuting the claim that there has `` never '' been a war on us soil , which is patently false . 
  i understand that completely , and i can definitely see how it would be `` out of the question '' and distasteful for europeans to consider another ground war , however you must also balance that with a healthy understanding that rolling over will only beget more invasions . 
  pretty sure you learned that in the 1930s . 
  additionally , i appreciate that your continent was devastated during the world wars , however do remember the tens of thousands of americans that died there alongside you . 
  we want to see peace in europe just as much as you , and sometimes that means standing up to thugs like putin . 
  seriously ? 
  hahah  you can not define what is art . 
  he 's not asking you to * literally * give us the definition of art , he is using the second definition of define : de \u00b7 fine verb 1 . state or describe exactly the nature , scope , or meaning of . 
  `` the contract will seek to define the client 's obligations '' synonyms : explain , expound , interpret , elucidate , describe , clarify ; 2 . mark out the boundary or limits of . 
  `` clearly defined boundaries '' synonyms : determine , establish , fix , specify , designate , decide , stipulate , set out ; and you make fun of people for not being native english speakers ? 
  my apologies , i agree with that . 
  can you stand next to funerals of fallen servicemen and yell loudly that `` god hates fags '' and `` thank god for dead soldiers '' while they are trying to have a service ? 
  i 'm actually curious - i do n't know if hate speech is protected in denmark . 
  perhaps if you were a bit more cultured on the background of malevich and his work , you 'd understand much more behind his ideas to find the `` end of art '' and the supremacist square ideology . 
  he wrote volumes about the importance and ideas behind that piece , and it is quite famous and studied for a very good reason . 
  sure you can sit there and say `` huh '' all you want , but i can also look at the rubble of the reichstag after wwii and remark at how all these bricks are dirty and complain about them being in the street . 
  without understanding the context you appear just as clueless as that .
