  it 's certainly tough in today 's economy , especially so since most public universities have had their funding cut by the conservatives in state and federal governments . 
  my home state is a disaster in that regard . 
  really sorry to hear that though . 
  i really think that state universities need to stop increasing tuition . 
  they are the flagship schools , and they need to be affordable for the graduates on the state 's high school system . 
  if we can stop that increase , then the other schools will follow, 
   then again , if you are the unlucky guy that scores mediocre grades , what will happen ? 
  will you be forced to pay back your scholarschip , or is this only the case whenever one fails his/her entire study ? 
  well , americans would n't really consider you unlucky if you got bad grades , but i see your point . 
  what happens is that you would be placed on academic probation , which means that you have one semester to raise your grades back up to the necessary level . 
  if not , you lose your scholarship . 
  you do n't need to pay it back though for past semesters . 
  this is pretty rare . 
   after finishing whatever you started , you 'll end up paying 1,5 % interest a year , next to paying back the money you borrowed . 
  that 's a really good deal !, 
  unfortunately , some people in the us are wary of dropping the rates on fed loans because they think that cheap loans have been driving up the cost of tuition nationwide . 
  tuition increases every year , but still every year more and more people apply for the exclusive colleges . 
  they know people will take out loans to attend , so they charge even more . 
  if interest rates were 1.5 % here i think everyone would try to take them out and attend unaffordable colleges . 
   the european social model vs the american dream . 
  always interesting to notice the differences . 
  once again thanks for adding to my knowledge . 
  of course !, 
  always happy to help . 
  it is definitely a dream for most people here in the us - the system is n't great for the people who underperformed in high school or who lack motivation/direction in life . 
  it 's not a very fair system either . 
  but i think that the us is more about having people * earn * their way in life vs deserve things in life . 
  in the us you deserve a good education until you turn 18/graduate from high school . 
  that system is free in the us too . 
  but after that you are on your own , while european countries in general agree that you deserve higher education as well . 
  probably speaks volumes to what both societies value , for better or worse . 
  my final point though is that the top us universities are truly unique and awesome . 
  they are some of the best places to spend time studying , learning , teaching , and socializing . 
  your connections at university in the us are amazing , and you make lifelong friends . 
  college sports are also massive , and are unrivaled by any other country by a long shot . 
  here is a clip from kickoff between two average state schools , the university of georgia and the university of south carolina . 
  both from relatively poor parts of the country , playing at south carolina 's stadium : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qud0obba2-w&amp;index=4&amp;list=pln3nhxu50t5yr099dz4o4i5je9vrjft8m here 's michigan vs notre dame , both pretty good schools . 
  over 118,000 people in attendance at michigan 's stadium : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwotbgzd7u8 basically , us universities have an enormous community around them , and people love to continue to cheer and support their university long after graduation . 
  so while those four years are expensive , you really do become part of the family , and always get to wear your colors proudly , 
  glad you asked !, 
  the scholarship and financial aid system is ( like most things in the us ) very complex . 
  there are a few main categories of aid : * university aid * government aid * private aid under university aid , we have the following categories : * scholarships ( free money that comes with a target gpa to keep usually , so if you keep good grades you get your tuition reduced . 
  this can be anywhere from a few thousand to a full-ride , everything-paid scholarship . 
  these are awarded based on your high school performance ) * grants ( free money , based on your family 's financial need , usually covering the gap between what your family 's ability to pay is and the rest of tuition . 
  you family 's ability to pay is calculated with a number of factors , including other siblings in college , income , state , assets , etc ) from the government , you can receive the following : * work-study ( jobs that you can qualify for on-campus that pay well , give you relevant experience , and only work-study eligible students can apply . 
  based on financial need as well , but the government pays you via the university , instead of having the university pay you ) . 
  * grants based on income ( [ pell grants are the classic example ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pell_grant ) ) * tax credits for your parents ( you get reimbursed a few thousand per student up to a limit if they are enrolled full-time , and if you are independent you get an additional credit ) * special tuition forgiveness for serving in the armed forces or americorps or certain federal agencies . 
  * state-based aid ( additional programs run on the state level to help you pay for college - varies by state ) and private aid : * thousands of non-profits and organizations give out small grants specifically for college . 
  your grandparent was native american ? 
  here 's 2,000 . 
  you dad has parkinsons ? 
  here 's 5,000 . 
  you are a boyscout ? 
  here 's 750 . 
  you won a community 4h competition ? 
  you get 500 . 
  it 's all little awards mostly , but they can definitely add up if you take the time to apply for them . 
  the second major category is subsidized loans , with interest rates between 3 and 5.6 % from the government . 
  these have a fairly reasonable repayment period , you can have them deferred or restructured if necessary , and they can not exceed a certain percentage of your income . 
  these loans are usually good to take out if you qualify for them , but only if you need them to pay for the rest of your education . 
  usually limited to only 20k a year max . 
  private loans are the real kicker , and these are pretty much terrible . 
  it 's like paying for college on a credit card . 
  my advice is that if you need to pay for college with private loans , you need to find a cheaper college . 
  this is how you see people getting into 100,000 s of dollars in debt , and then complaining about it on reddit . 
  they consciously made a poor decision to take out private loans with high interest rates , and the now are stuck with an absurd amount of debt ( and usually a degree in something that wo n't be super high-earning ) . 
  so as you can see , it 's a bit of a crazy world out there in college tuition land . 
  many people assume that they can not get grants and do n't apply , when in reality there are many out there . 
  you just have to be organized and apply early and often !, 
  i know that it sounds frustrating , but neither me nor any of my siblings paid for college here in the us . 
  i went to a top university , and they paid the whole thing via scholarships and a few grants that i applied for . 
  my younger brother actually got paid to go to a state school because of a great full ride . 
  sure you have to be smart and apply yourself , but i did n't go to any fancy high school and i definitely came from a poor part of the country . 
  so perhaps the story is n't as doom and gloom as you think . 
  as with everything in america , it is setup to allow those who work hard and apply themselves to succeed . 
  every year millions of dollars of potential financial aid goes undistributed because people did n't take the 20 minutes to fill out the form . 
  i took a few days , applied to a ton of small grants , and ended up getting a few . 
  also remember that there are cheap state schools and even cheaper vo-tech schools in the us . 
  should the universities be cheaper ? 
  maybe . 
  but the sticker price is something that nobody really pays , which i think is a common misconception here . 
  want to be sad ? 
  here is the tuition and fees for a private us school . 
  2015-2016 academic year costs and estimated personal costs : * tuition $ 48,700 * student association fee $ 60 * matriculation fee $ 350 * room and board $ 11,700 * books and supplies $ 1,275 * personal $ 1,475 * transportation $ 1,000 so when you say that tuition is `` expensive as fuck '' at roughly $ 1,300 total , you are going to get some funny reactions from us yanks , 
  weirdly , the us textile industry generated $ 54 billion in shipments in 2012 and employed about 233,000 people , mostly in the south . 
  so some clothes are still made in the usa apparently . 
   yes , it does . 
  fair enough , the point about cap and the erdf was something that i forgot about . 
  one thing to keep in mind though is that the sfcf is only a part of the eu budget , albeit a large part , and the eu budget is only roughly 1 % of the gni of member countries combined . 
  so it is worlds apart from the hundreds of billions moved around annually between us states . 
  good to learn about the swiss economy . 
  i figured that services make up a large part , but obviously luxury goods like watches and knives are also very popular . 
  i think that they want a strong but not too strong currency since they are n't really self-sufficient as a country and thus need to rely on imports for some goods . 
  well it 's a bit more complex than that of course . 
  first off , north carolina has twice as many people as norway , so norwegian citizens have 2x the gdp per person as north carolina . 
  secondly , norway has a sovereign wealth fund that is funded by oil money mostly . 
  this means that they ( smartly ) take the absurd amount of money made from drilling offshore and redistribute it to their citizens in the form of better healthcare , infrastructure , etc. 
  so norway has some big advantages over nc there . 
  however , prices are far , far cheaper in north carolina than they are in norway . 
  some estimates put the figure at 62 % more expensive .
