  third point : definitely disagree - i think that making the president , who is a civilian and not active military , the commander in chief is a very important move . 
  this ensures that there is always civilian control over the military , not vice versa . 
  for example , during the korean war , truman removed general macarthur from power despite the fact that macarthur was extremely popular . 
  it reaffirmed that generals , no matter how important or famous , still answer to the civilian control of the president . 
  it 's also important to have one person in charge instead of the entire parliament or government , because in an emergency situation you need to act fast . 
  you ca n't take a vote and you can not hold an emergency session with 500 people at midnight . 
  for better or worse , one person or small cabinet ( national security council ) needs to have emergency authority . 
  better fitting clothes , slim fits , no more baggy jeans or poorly cut shirts , looks inspired by euro designer labels , fast-fashion invasion from h&m , zara , f21 , etc. 
  basically compare american fashion in the 90s to now and it 's a stark difference in fit . 
  they are n't a powerless pawn - they are 100 % complicit . 
  so after the us civil war and the wars against the native americans , europe proceeded to kill tens of millions of people over two devastating world wars , numerous genocides including the attempted extermination of the jewish race in europe , completely bombing out cities and occupying half of the continent behind the iron curtain . 
  do n't play that game . 
   that was probably the idea from a nsa pr-agent . 
  stop making excuses for the bnd - i hate when all i hear from people here is that the nsa/usa/obama / cia/kfc ** forced ** my poor , helpless country do something . 
  oh woe is little germany - how could they possibly resist coordinating with a foreign government in exchange for intelligence ?? 
  how about you stop shifting the blame and actually hold your country and leaders responsible ? 
  out of curiosity , what about the us governance system do you dislike ? 
  i think that the system was smartly crafted to balance the powers of large states vs small states ( senate vs the house - bicameral legislature ) , independently elected chief executive ( president ) and appointed and confirmed chief judicial court ( supreme court ) . 
  i mean , you do n't need to think that the us is an awesome place to appreciate the genius of the founding father 's foresight to create the system . 
  additionally , the proof is in the pudding ; the system has worked successfully for over 200 years and led to the rise of the most powerful federalized country . 
  while i know that you are just making an edgy comment for our european friends , being fat is not actually trendy in the us . 
  if anything the trends are towards slim fit clothing and a more euro inspired look , especially among men 's fashion . 
  there 's also a bit of a japanese invasion right now via uniqlo , which is following the h&m / scandinavian invasion about 5 years ago . 
  this thread was specifically discussing google . 
  it 's in the top post . 
  i was simply giving reasons how google has contributed to technological innovation . 
  you come across as incredibly insecure . 
  perhaps you should n't take the internet so seriously ? 
  right - definitely not the fact that google 's self-driving car project is one of the most advanced autonomous vehicles that could easily re-shape the way we work and commute in the world ... let 's just gloss over that one . 
  [ they 've even been approved to drive on public roads in california this summer . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch/wp/2015/05/15/googles-adorable-pod-like-driverless-cars-will-hit-public-roads-this-summer-but-with-safety-drivers-on-board/ ) i 'm sure you can google other examples of successful , non-advertising ventures google has been involved in . 
  edit : the butthurt here is real . 
  when google makes an actual self-driving car , and tests it for hundreds of thousands of road miles successfully , it 's apparently not innovation . 
  [ when the german company mercedes creates a concept model design for a self-driving car ] ( https://www.mercedes-benz.com/en/mercedes-benz/innovation/research-vehicle-f-015-luxury-in-motion/ ) , everyone praises it as the future . 
  do you really not understand how venture capitalism works ? 
  incubators ? 
  funding ? 
  there are thousands of companies in the us that exist solely to throw millions of dollars at good ideas . 
  you know what it takes to code a mockup of a good idea ? 
  a laptop . 
  do you know what it takes to think of a good idea ? 
  a brain . 
  that 's it . 
  nobody has a monopoly on good ideas or laptops . 
  they were founded in mid-late 2013 , attracted a ton of investment because it was a great idea , and now are worth $ 1.2 billion . 
  last month they raised an additional $ 160 million . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slack_ ( software ) your excuses about only google being able to pay people enough are so lame . 
  google loses top programmers to startups all the time , because people want to actually co-found a company and make tons more . 
  it 's how innovation works - * ideas come before salaries * . 
  the fact that i have to explain this is so telling about the differences in innovation culture between my country and your country . 
  all you seem to be doing is making excuses . 
   but in areas they are monopolistic we see barely any innovation like mailing or web browsing . 
  i think that you are missing the fundamental caveat of monopolistic competition , which is the part where the monopoly raises the barrier of entry to keep out new market entrants . 
  anyone can supply an alternative web browser . 
  there are dozens . 
  anyone can write their own webmail framework that could be better . 
  it 's not like google has bought all the iron mines and refineries and railroads to prevent other companies from building cars that compete with their cars - they are simply winning due to user adoption . 
   now most creative thing they do is tax evasion . 
  that 's an absurd statement and a factually incorrect telling of how innovation occurs . 
  here 's what just one of those companies are doing in the `` creative '' space : in mid-2014 , google said there were eight projects being developed at google x. 
  as of late 2014 , google x projects that have been revealed include : * google 's self-driving car * project wing , a drone delivery project * google glass eyewear that includes a screen and camera * google contact lenses that monitor glucose in tears * project loon , which provides internet service via balloons in the stratosphere * an airborne wind power company called makani power * lift labs , makers of a tremor-cancelling spoon for parkinson 's patients * an artificial neural network for speech recognition and computer vision * the web of things projects that google x has considered and rejected include * a space elevator , which was deemed to be currently unfeasible ; * a hoverboard , which was determined to be too costly relative to the societal benefits ; * a user-safe jetpack , which was thought to be too loud and energy-wasting ; * teleportation , which was found to violate the laws of physics . 
  while google x projects are often referred to as `` moonshots '' within the company , not all so-described moonshots are part of google x. 
  for example , calico , google 's life extension project , is considered a moonshot but is not a part of google x. 
  the same is true of google 's project to build robots for businesses . 
  while i agree that sap has an enormous impact on the b2b software scene , oracle ( usa ) is twice as large and in the same space , plus microsoft of course eats everyone 's lunch in the b2b software space ... really hard to find a f500 company not using office . 
  sap and oracle are both becoming dinosaurs though . 
  faster , more agile entrants into the market from silicon valley are eating through the erp marketshare . 
  [ take a look at coupa if you want to see the future ] ( http://www.coupa.com/ ) - one of the fastest growing companies in the us . 
   let 's all just hope the us naziheads wo n't screw the world into ww - again . 
  wait ... . . are you implying that the us started either of the past two world wars ? 
  actually the most important component of an army is its logistics network : transport , refueling , food , water , shelter , etc are all vital to any operation . 
  second to that is tactical intelligence from satellites , aerial recon , drones , etc. 
  finally you have the hotshots in airplanes and tanks - but they are useless without ingredients # 1 and # 2 . 
  that 's why the us military is so expensive - it can project its intel and supply chain anywhere in the world same-day . 
  think of shipping a refrigerator from germany to the us , and then instead of a refrigerator it 's an entire armored division and instead of the us it 's a remote region of afghanistan . 
  where people with guns do n't want your refrigerator . 
  that 's the real meat and potatoes of a military . 
  dude , kansas is beautiful - do n't like the open space haters tell you otherwise . 
  [ especially in the summer when the supercell thunderstorms come though - you 'll never feel so small . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u3dpwgc.jpg ) i highly recommend storm-watching in the great plains - one of the best parts of the world for that sort of thing !, 
  yet one of the best ways to create jobs is to increase the size of your company . 
  how do you increase your company size ? 
  expand sales . 
  how do you expand sales if you 've already saturated your domestic market ? 
  trade with other countries . 
  what 's the number one reason why trade is often not feasible for small companies compared to larger companies ? 
  regulations and taxes . 
  so now only massive corporations can trade internationally , leaving a mess of rules and barriers and taxes that all but stifle smaller entrants into the global market . 
  if anyone thinks that ttip is a handout to large corporations , they clearly do n't realize how much the status quo is already rigged in favor of big business . 
  largest * single * economy is the us , but in a year it 'll be the us anyways at current growth rates . 
  time to pop some champaign now that the world 's largest single economy stopped a deal to integrate closer with the eu . 
  could have meant billions in expanded trade markets but c'est la vie . 
  american brewers are getting very good at making german style wheat beers ... thankfully they 'll be able to continue making them without any nasty germans competing with our microbreweries , 
  options are actually fairly common in the tech industry in the us , especially with startups and in places like silicon valley , cambridge , austin , etc. 
  other compensation schemes can include simple equity instead of options , which are more common among owners . 
  options are sort of a perk that are used to keep you from jumping jobs - they vest over a few years so you can only take full advantage of them if you stick around . 
  by the same token , if the company is n't doing great you have little incentive to stick around since you likely wo n't execute your options anyway . 
  now for general employer retirement contributions , these are simply matching cash deposits into a tax advantaged account , most commonly called a 401k . 
  these are generally managed by a large bank or fund manager , and do not hold your own company 's shares beyond what would be standard for a diversified portfolio . 
  basically , if you contribute $ 1,000 a month , your company matches it with an additional $ 1,000 .
