so then why are you using such inadequate words to describe geopolitical events ? 
  if you want to say that europe 's involvement in ukraine had no bearing on russia 's decision to invade , then say that . 
  do n't use phrases like `` can in no way be blamed '' to weasel out of your original argument . 
   russia attacking a sovereign nation over false pretences can in no way be blamed on the attractiveness of europe and its values but should be directed to the utterly delusional attacker . 
  this is just intentional ignorance . 
  i 'm not defending russia or their actions but they were certainly reacting to the idea that ukraine would fall out of russia 's economic sphere of influence . 
  serious question : do people in europe think that americans actually ever saw `` freedom fries '' ? 
  because it only happened in like a dozen restaurants tops and was universally maligned as a petty idea . 
  we just like to circlejerk about it because it represents the worst of the republican idiocy when it comes to geopolitics . 
  i think that the very same day that `` freedom fries '' were announced , they asked people in the house cafeteria and the reaction was `` that 's completely ludicrous to me . '', 
  but for some reason europeans thought that americans in general actually cared about or supported `` freedom fries '' , which is completely false . 
  honestly i still think that the uk is a closer * ally * to the us than to the eu , but they are far more integrated with the eu of course . 
  they 've fought side by side with the americans for the past decade - we do n't forget that sort of thing . 
  unfortunately there 's been enough debate over qe and its effectiveness that it wo n't really work anymore in europe . 
  it worked well in the us because the fed took a `` take no prisoners '' approach to qe , and pumped in hundreds of billions of dollars and threatened to do it as long as necessary until things turned around . 
  and anyone second-guessing the fed or trying to bet against qe got burnt badly . 
  business therefore could adjust to the new market conditions and credit loosened up . 
  the current discussion about qe in europe has been anything but certain or forceful , and as a result business wo n't trust it as much if it does get implemented , and they certainly wo n't trust that it 'll last long if for some reason inflation ticks up or germany gets too pissed off about it . 
  unfortunately , the ecb does n't have the authority that the fed does on the issue , and authority is vital for central bank policy to work . 
  i think that you could make a great re-adaption of waiting for godot based around the current faith that confidence * or something * will spark a recovery in the ez . 
  nothing is really changing structurally and it seems like most people have resigned themselves to the status quo as the `` new normal '' . 
  in addition to this , which is correct , most us clinics and hospitals will run tests that most other countries wo n't consider running unless there is a pressing reason . 
  things like cat scans , mris , blood tests , and other radiology tests are fairly common to rule out potential disorders . 
  the problem is that these tests are very expensive , even if you have decent health insurance . 
  in the uk for instance , i 've been treated and seen by a doctor and they basically looked at me ( after a bit of a wait - like two hours ) , poked around a bit and then concluded that i probably had a stuffy nose that has become a sinus infection . 
  they recommended that i get more rest , drink tea and water , and take some advil if the pain got too intense . 
  walked out after paying like 5 pounds or something since i 'm not a uk citizen ( like an admin fee or something , but i 'm not even sure that i paid anything to be honest ) . 
  when i 've had the same symptoms in the us , i made an apt same-day and walked right in with no wait , they 've done all the normal tests , then looked closer via blood tests to rule out any nutrient deficiencies , and then put me on two weeks of antibiotics to clear up the sinus infection . 
  obviously since i have health insurance i paid like $ 15 total for the experience in the us , but the total bill before insurance was over $ 280 . 
  it 's definitely easy to see how the us is the most expensive system by far - in general it errors on the side of caution with almost all diagnosis . 
  but i 've also had very good doctors who take their time explaining and helping me understand any issues . 
  it just comes at an unacceptably high cost for those without insurance , which is bullshit in my opinion . 
  the difference is that the us is out of the woods . 
  europe is heading into a triple dip recession . 
  i 'm fine with the eu , but the eurozone on the other hand was n't a great idea . 
  the core countries of the ez were fine , but they let it too many dissimilar countries and are paying the price now . 
  thanks for the reasonable response in a thread otherwise filled with hyperbole . 
  at the end of the day , this is going to die in the us congress . 
  elections are tomorrow , the gop are likely going to pick up a very slim majority in the senate , and then they wo n't ratify any grand free trade agreements for the next two years . 
  my personal opinion is that europe needs this boost far more than the us does right now . 
  instead of embracing ttip and trying to push it through , the eu is hurting itself by refusing to strike a deal . 
  now hear me out : free trade is going to happen in one of two ways : 1 ) eu-us trade deal ( ttip ) , or 2 ) bilateral trade deals between the us and individual european countries . 
  which situation do you think would be best for europe , and which situation would be best for the us in terms of negotiation power ? 
  this is why i think it 's now or never for a grand bargain that is balanced , but hey i 'm sure it looks a bit different from the other side of the pond . 
  no worries mate !, 
  look more closely at the question to which i replied . 
  there is nothing about the uk specifically that i was addressing . 
  [ here 's a good infographic on the subject . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ka6ki1v.png ) in short , roughly half a million girls from all major eu countries have been subjected to or are at risk of fgm . 
  source and more information : http://www.endfgm.eu/en/news-and-events/news/press-releases/publication-where-do-we-stand-in-europe-0111/ edit : and downvoted for simply providing information on the subject . 
  yeah i know i 'm playing with fire . 
  i consider myself a left-leaning american on nearly all issues ( except gun rights , nuclear power and gmos ) but it 's silly to not acknowledge success in the private sector as any less impressive or meaningful as success in the public sector . 
  apple is n't a the best company ever , but they hold a strong commitment to sustainability , and jobs would make a point in each of his keynotes to point out the recycled materials and reduced mercury content in devices . 
  it was a personal point of pride . 
  contrast that to the practices of walmart or royal dutch shell and i 'd much rather see apple-style corporate leadership . 
  private enterprise is still easily the best force for change and innovation in the world today . 
  being able to start your own company and reap the rewards ( or failures ) of your risks should be a fundamental right . 
  maybe that makes me more of a right-winger in europe , but i 'm fine with that . 
  `` squawk box '' ( the show that joe kernen co-hosts ) is a breakfast morning show on cnbc and is mostly humor and business news , and not much actual reporting . 
  the us has plenty of top-tier anchors for `` real '' network news programs , like anderson cooper , brian williams , and diane sawyer . 
  while i agree that this was n't a great look for american news hosts , it 's a bit of a stretch to claim that `` american '' news anchors are allowed to be ignorant . 
  more that this interview contained a fair amount of ignorance . 
  yikes , steve jobs was n't perfect by any means but you have to admire his persistence and energy to build a company with more cash than the gdp of denmark . 
  i know that he 's not going to be popular with everyone , but at the very least the man did great things for people with disabilities and accessibility by making true touchscreen devices that worked well and were affordable . 
  not to mention inject much-needed competition into the pc and smartphone marketplace . 
  if you are n't willing to honor people with personality flaws then your list of people worth honoring will be very , very small . 
  do n't waste your time , the vast majority of subscribers here are close-minded and unwilling to engage in a constructive argument . 
  it 's sad because most real life europeans are the opposite . 
  basically , if the us does it one way , and europe does it a different way , then the us is automatically wrong . 
  i 'm done trying to engage people in discussion here . 
  when i posted this , the only discussion in the thread was germany vs austria , not touching any of the other major economies like france or italy . 
  additionally , it 's often good to start any discussion off which an outside benchmark comparison to frame the numbers . 
  and there are 16 states within the us that have lower unemployment rates than germany . 
  north dakota is leading the way at 2.8 % . 
  that 's why it 's best to compare similar sized economies . 
   yet no one is talking about germans making too few babies [ actually ... ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2013/sep/08/germany-little-growth-few-babies ), 
  haha , i love when the only people that i agree with here are brits . 
  the eu was great in theory but the execution was sloppy and undemocratic , and now everyone is too afraid to abandon it because it represents the european dream . 
  just like the american dream , you also have to be asleep to believe that a strong , united europe will ever develop from the eu . 
  i would n't say that a large part is due to people dropping out - u4 ( which includes discouraged workers ) is still only 6.4 % vs u3 ( headline ) which is at 5.9 % for the us . 
  there 's basically just been an honest rebound in the economy , even though nobody wants to admit it . 
  [ comparison in unemployment between the top two largest economies since 2005 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ibxqgky.jpg ) edit : pink is the us , blue is the euro area, 
  here are the graphs from the article too : [ global debt ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5vegvm6.png ) [ households ' liabilities , us vs europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/camqdke.png ) [ china leverage and gdp growth ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kjqmd1f.png ), 
  i 'm just giving an example of how a 45 minute wait was so unacceptable that they felt the need to comp our meal . 
  it was n't about tipping so much as how americans expect prompt service . 
  high-end bartenders and waiters absolutely can make 6 figures in the us . 
  it 's about the bar or restaurant image . 
  if you have great drinks but terrible service , people wo n't come . 
  that 's just as vital to the operation and success of the restaurant or bar as the food and drink menu . 
  go watch `` bar rescue '' if you want an idea of what poor service does to a bar . 
  if by `` fork over extra money '' you mean comply with the state labor laws , then yes . 
  the great ( and terrible ) thing about the us is that if you get fired or retaliated against because your employer does n't want to pay you the mandated wages , you can take their ass to court and sue for damages and wrongful termination . 
  a number of us states already mandate that tipped and non-tipped employees get paid at least the minimum wage ( $ 9 ) , and you end up with much better service as a result . 
  please stop acting like the us is n't a 1st world country - it 's juvenile . 
  it 's not about what they provide for you , it 's about how fast and efficient they are . 
  i know that it 's uncouth in europe to rush a meal , but in the us we often are n't looking to spend 3 hours in a restaurant . 
  we expect friendly , prompt service and are perfectly fine waiting for the food to be cooked , but not for the waiter to take our orders or delay the check . 
  i once waited 45 minutes during a lunch with my friends for food at a nice little place in boston . 
  when they delivered the food , the head manager came out , sat down next to us , and personally apologized for the delay . 
  i thought that was especially caring and thoughtful .
