  i 'm not arguing that putin broke `` international law '' when they held a sham referendum in crimea for them to join russia . 
  but from a realist paradigm , what is anyone going to do about it now ? 
  you have to pick your battles otherwise we 'll be here sanctioning russia until the end of time over crimea . 
  russia is n't france or something , the people of russia can ensure far more blows to their quality of life before they get really upset , and independent polling shows that putin is still very popular . 
  so that is why i think that the focus should be on eastern ukraine instead of crimea when it comes to this sort of thing . 
  because at the end of the day , who is really going to kick russia out of crimea ? 
  not the un , due to russia 's veto , and not the icj or anything that does n't have jurisdiction over sovereign countries . 
  there really is n't such thing as enforceable international law if you are a p5 - just ask the bush administration . 
  wait what ? 
  even if prince charming does n't come rescue you , it does n't change the fact that you are still a defenseless damsel . 
  that 's your responsibility to change ; stop blaming other countries for things that only your country can address . 
  that would never fly with the populations in scandinavian countries , which are by and large against nuclear proliferation . 
  [ norway went so far as to exclude investing in companies that help produce nuclear weapons from their sovereign wealth fund . 
  ] ( http://www.icanw.org/campaign-news/norway/norwegian-fund-divests/ ) additionally , nine out of ten swedes want sweden to work for a global ban on nuclear weapons , according to a 2013 poll commissioned by the swedish physicians against nuclear weapons . 
  somehow i feel that if the us has to intervene to prevent an invasion of poland , you wo n't have that attitude for long . 
  haha yeah i mean , i made this username ages ago before i started posting here , but i totally understand the reaction . 
  if it 's the tone that 's fine , but i 'm tired of seeing us leadership get ignored when it comes to this issue , from robert gates to ambassador powers . 
  there is a ton of spite from americans as well when our contributions to european security are dismissed as either unnecessary or unwelcome , yet when russia invades ukraine it 's suddenly up to the us to move equipment and supplies to eastern europe as a deterrent . 
  if putin respected european defense , he would n't be acting up like he is now . 
  he also knows that the us is increasingly hesitant to intervene in europe , thus it has emboldened his expansion plans . 
  the concern that i have is that the us is being forced into the issue to keep the peace , because us markets and interests depend on europe being strong and peaceful . 
  there is therefore a perverse incentive where the us will continue to pick up the slack when eu countries in nato cut spending , since they still need to maintain a healthy force to achieve nato objectives . 
  i completely understand your point of view , and nobody likes being lectured by other countries . 
  i 'll admit that my point could have been made better . 
  that said , it 's still quite frustrating to see us equipment moved into eastern europe without a matching level of support from major eu countries . 
  if everyone was hitting the 2 % target and increasing their commitment to increasing capabilities , i 'd have no problem with supporting our allies in europe . 
  but right now it 's not an even partnership , which is the core reason that i get upset . 
  add to this the discussion about an eu army and you can see why i feel like it 's putting the cart before the horse . 
  if the eu was really crushing it with their commitment to nato , i would welcome the idea of having europe take over and dissolving nato in favor of an eu army . 
  but until that happens , it just leaves the us increasingly alone in the task of maintaining nato without an alternative to pick up the slack . 
  fair enough , however i think that it 's important to have an american perspective when it comes to this particular topic . 
  if you want to downvote me for my flair and username , go ahead . 
  my sincere apologies for commenting on an american news article . 
  and actually the whole issue with the defense of europe does pertain to america quite a bit , both for historical and current reasons . 
  if you want to act like every nation is an island go right ahead , but some of us actually care about the field of international relations . 
  in fact , given that there are far more american troops and equipment in eastern europe than there are british troops , i think that my opinion is possibly more important on this topic than yours . 
  defend from isis ? 
  sure . 
  defend against russia ? 
  probably still need nato to do the heavy lifting there . 
  if europe was serious about defense , the quickest way to do it would be to increase their capabilities within the existing nato framework . 
  instead , we have shrinking budgets in europe who have become cheerleaders when the us starts moving us taxpayer 's money into eastern europe . 
  the american economy is pretty strong right now , but it 's still sort of annoying that we have to pump billions into europe in 2015 . 
  edit : truth hurts . 
  military budgets across the eu are shrinking yet somehow eu countries no longer need nato and can take russia on alone ? 
  the dissolution here is staggering . 
  but enough about minnesotans , we 're talking about germany here . 
  i 'm not worrying until we start seeing [ these types of convoys rolling in ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/39/30/b6/3930b694f496fa6fd1a12aaec6c11b9f.jpg ), 
  i 'd rather fly the f-22 if i were a pilot . 
  the f-35 also has other advantages than just passive stealth - the radar , targeting computers , and fleet integration capabilities are pretty crazy . 
  so if you are a pilot , do you want to be flying the cheapest plane or the best plane ? 
  among people polled on landline telephones , aka old people . 
  if you are working at an i bank in nyc , you should be making between 90k base up to 500k , before working into upper mgmt if you get that far . 
  you owe it to yourself to try it at least once !, 
  new york is awesome . 
  our government is of the people , by the people , for the people . 
  you should n't separate the two and blame it on `` the government '' - americans deserve the blame and credit for the actions of the government . 
  anything else is a politically correct cop-out . 
  i mean , the us is culturally homogeneous . 
  it 's not racially homogeneous though , at least if you are counting by races from different continents coming and living together . 
  india is probably the most diverse country , but most westerners just kinda all assume that you are indian and lump you together . 
  so it just depends on what you count as diversity . 
  black , asian , middle eastern , whites , and hispanics living together ? 
  or the hundreds of tribes or clans or whatever that exist within those subcategories ? 
  america is very diverse in the first definition , but not by the second definition . 
  because the us has the second largest jewish community outside of israel ? 
  5.2 million jews in the us vs 5.7 million in israel . 
  people here care a lot about stemming the tide of anti-semitism . 
  haha having a us flair here is like playing reddit on hard mode - i did a little test one time : i made a temp account with an eu flair and made essentially identical comments with both accounts , but you can guess which one everyone upvoted . 
  i do n't think it should be in berlin . 
  there are many great things that berlin can proudly host , but a wwii victory parade is not one of them . 
  i mean , i 'm no fan of russia or anything , but it 's silly to act like their military is outdated . 
  they have advanced aircraft , sam systems , nuclear submarines , decent battlenet capabilities , etc. 
  are the russians anywhere close to having rail guns , nuclear carriers , autonomous micro drones , or direct energy weapons ? 
  no , but neither is anyone else besides the us . 
  yeah , like the type of respect that you should show to the roughly 1 billion muslims who are n't radical islamists ? 
  but instead you just literally compared to the nazis in saying that they are complicit in the crimes committed under the banner of their religion ? 
  oh man , glad to see that internet posters should show respect to each other , but not to the people who follow islam . 
  my whole point is that you ca n't just blame things on `` radical islam '' and pretend that you are n't blaming the people who actually follow that faith . 
  radical islam is n't a physical thing - it only exists in the way that certain people practice their religion . 
  so by saying that we ca n't dismiss a nazi cook or cleaner as `` not a real nazi '' , you are also saying that we ca n't dismiss any muslim who practices because they are also complicit in the ideology that radicals use . 
  which is pretty offensive in my book . 
  no worries man - your english is great and i hope that i did n't come across as too indignant . 
  basically , nobody in the us thinks that we 'd have more money for social security or medicare because we spend it on nato . 
  now when it comes to wars in iraq or wherever , that 's certainly a different story . 
  but for nato , that argument is almost never made , since nato spending is by and large a bipartisan issue . 
  all of our politicians think that we should be there to help defend europe . 
  but more and more people are wondering what europe is doing themselves . 
  so i truly do mean that it 's a principle thing , not a money thing . 
  60.5 % capital gains ?? 
  why bother investing at all , haha, 
  still though , germany turned it from a regional conflict into a full-blown european war . 
  did germany start the aggression in 1914 ? 
  did germany start world war one ? 
  i 'd argue yes . 
  i bet you are one of the people who thinks that the petrodollar is also a really , really big deal , right ? 
  amazing how people just hear things and assume that they know the story . 
  almost nobody in the us profited from iraqi oil after 2003 . 
  it was all bought by other countries . 
  i work with medical researchers and doctors from all corners of the world - the us leads when it comes to cutting edge medical tech and surgery quality , etc.
