  holy shit 45 % income tax is absurd , but a 21 % sales tax is downright theft . 
  super regressive as well . 
  good thing health-care is free at least ? 
  where i am the effective income tax rate is about 20 % -25 % ( rises with income ) and clothes , food and necessities have a 0 % sales tax . 
  otherwise sales tax is about 6 % . 
  lol what ? 
  these are american companies giving you the heads up that they 'll move if you increase your corporate tax rate , thus taking thousands of jobs and millions in tax revenue with them . 
  how is that unreasonable ? 
  the major reason that they are in ireland in the first place is for the corporate tax structure . 
  it 's definitely not for the weather or nightlife . 
  last time i checked life is n't exactly fair . 
  you mean the leaked draft and working papers that are n't indicative of the final product ? 
  of course both sides will come out with their respective views - that 's how negotiating works . 
  the final agreement will have to be a compromise . 
  that is n't intellectual property , it is geographic indication . 
  one can argue that parmesan is a `` generic '' geographic indication that is no longer protected by the paris convention . 
  either way , the us is already bound by that treaty , and ttip does n't change that . 
  nice try - but you 'll need to try again . 
  that is n't intellectual property , it is geographic indication . 
  one can argue that parmesan is a `` generic '' geographic indication that is no longer protected by the paris convention . 
  either way , the us is already bound by that treaty , and ttip does n't change that . 
  nice try - but you 'll need to try again . 
  name one instance where us ip laws are weaker than equivalent eu laws . 
  like , literally name one example . 
  from an american perspective , i 'm actually more interested in the trans-pacific partnership which is moving along right now between australia , brunei , canada , chile , japan , malaysia , mexico , new zealand , peru , singapore , the united states , and vietnam . 
  it has the exact same issues that people have with ttip , but it 's actually the more talked about trade agreement on the news here in the states and is way more important than ttip to the white house . 
  while i know that there are potential pitfalls , the estimated benefits are pretty crazy :  according to an analysis supported by the peterson institute , a tpp agreement provides global income benefits of an estimated $ 223 billion per year , by 2025 . 
  real income benefits to the united states are an estimated $ 77 billion per year . 
  the tpp could generate an estimated $ 305 billion in additional world exports per year , by 2025 , including an additional $ 123.5 billion in u.s. exports . 
  plus the us standards of ip protection and regulation would actually be higher than most of the other countries on the list , so it might be a positive side effect . 
  it would also create a powerful counterbalance to chinese export dominance in the region . 
  basically , the point is that the us does n't really need ttip - it 's a secondary priority right now behind the more attractive tpp agreement . 
  if europe decides to shoot down ttip and the us is able to get tpp passed , it 'll be interesting to see what happens to each respective economy . 
  would be a good test of economic trade theory !, 
  to be honest , after the 00s americans are so jaded to criticism from european countries ( or really any country ) that we do n't care anymore . 
  if 100 % of german people signed a paper stating that they unequivocally hate america , we 'd still probably shrug it off . 
  it has nothing to do with liking the nsa or secretly being proud that it is `` superior '' to the bnd ( i guarantee you that < 5 % of americans have ever heard of the bnd ) , but everything to do with the fact that americans like to have the exclusive right to criticize our own country . 
  is alternative media sort of like alternative medicine ? 
  if we let every single concern about a substance dictate whether or not it 's allowed we 'd never allow anything for sale . 
  there are clearly cases where the eu judges based on more factors than just safety . 
  take cigarettes . 
  the eu clearly does n't ban the sale or use of tobacco products , even though mountains of published papers show conclusively that they directly cause cancer and widespread ailments . 
  yet the eu decided that the risks are n't enough to ban them ? 
  where is the precaution there ? 
  are you really so sure that the eu does n't lower its standards for money ? 
  because if that were actually true , nobody would be allowed to smoke in europe . 
  if you seriously think that the us has lax standards , you should talk to people who work with the fda . 
  it can take decades for single drugs to get approved . 
  additionally , food safety and recalls are taken very seriously . 
  your quote about the us not caring about whether or not you harm the public is totally incorrect , but does n't surprise me given this subreddit 's superficial knowledge of the us . 
  the us has had strong food and drug laws since fdr . 
  do n't forget that the us has tougher standards than the eu in many areas , including automobile safety regulations and generic drug approvals . 
  the point was that the paper the eu commission was using to base their assertions about edcs has not been published or peer-reviewed . 
  they chose to not publish it , and the guardian is assuming that its entirely because of the chemical industry . 
  it could also be because their methodology was n't perfect and they are n't comfortable standing behind their findings . 
  just be careful to avoid agreeing with things simply because it fits your idea of the truth . 
  i 'm not a fan of `` big chemical '' at all , but i am a fan of due process . 
  from the wiki page about edcs :  there has been controversy over endocrine disruptors , with some groups calling for swift action by regulators to remove them from the market , and regulators and other scientists calling for further study . 
  some endocrine disruptors have been identified and removed from the market ( for example , a drug called diethylstilbestrol ) , but it is uncertain whether some endocrine disruptors on the market actually harm humans and wildlife at the doses to which wildlife and humans are exposed . 
  additionally , a key scientific paper , published in the journal science , which helped launch the movement of those opposed to endocrine disruptors , was retracted and its author found to have committed scientific misconduct . 
  misconduct proceeding : http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not-od-02-003.html, 
   just weeks before the regulations were dropped there had been a barrage of lobbying from big european firms such as dupont , bayer and basf over edcs . 
  the chemical industry association cefic warned that the endocrines issue `` could become an issue that impairs the forthcoming eu-us trade negotiations '' . 
  i immediately question the validity of any published article that calls dupont a european chemical company . 
  dupont was founded 1802 in delaware , and is one of the oldest american corporations . 
  the french name must have tricked the author and editors . 
  this whole article is pretty sloppy . 
  it uses cobbled-together statements to imply that the eu commission was forced into dropping their ban of edcs over pressure from big chemical companies . 
  instead , if you actually read the statements instead of the bias , it appears that both us and european chemical companies lobbied the eu commission to avoid blanket bans of that category of chemicals , and instead to ban via evidence and impact-based assessments . 
  which , honestly , does n't sound that outrageous . 
  to be fair , we named the helicopter and recon craft after those tribes because those tribes were badass scouts and warriors . 
  it 's a sign of respect . 
  true , however young people in the us tend to be pretty politically active on average . 
  think about shows like the daily show , colbert , and last week tonight -- all aimed at the 20-30 y/o crowd and extremely successful . 
  this does n't even touch actual political tv shows that are heavily watched . 
  being occupied by the americans = enormous opportunity to trade with the largest post-war economy . 
  then again , that part of germany was always a bit richer , so it 's possible that it did n't have much to do with the administrative zones . 
  to be fair , you are mostly hearing about the enormous outrage and reactions to police brutality on the news . 
  it 's a big issue right now in the us . 
  i just think that you should n't simply use the fact that other countries also have problems with police to frame your own police issues . 
  america is a very different country than germany , especially with regards to race relations . 
  why are you comparing american police to german police at all ? 
  why did you bring america into the discussion when this sub is specifically about europe ? 
  do you think that discussions of american police brutality include `` well at least we are better than chinese or russian police '' ? 
  no - we do n't use other countries to make ourselves feel better about domestic issues . 
  well i think that it 's debatable whether that 's a feature or a bug . 
  for instance , the patriot act is up for a renewal vote this week and a strong amount of senators from both parties are going to be blocking it using those rules that you describe as undemocratic . 
  sometimes it can be a good thing to not have a quick legislative process . 
  additionally , senators serve for 6 years , not 2 . 
  only representatives serve 2 year terms . 
  apple : started in a garage . 
  google : garage facebook : dorm room microsoft : garage hp : garage amazon : garage netflix : startup created by a guy pissed about a late fee returning a movie i think you get the picture . 
  the dutch system sounds interesting for sure !, 
  probably a more suitable system in some ways . 
  one thing to note about the president 's powers is that he serves at the will of congress - if the president launches an invasion or military action that congress opposes , they can impeach the president and end the campaign . 
  they also have sole discretion over the funding of any operation , so they can cut funding or not authorize funding for any military operation . 
  it 's a fine line for sure though . 
  first point : while i like this in theory , i feel like having the judges appoint their colleagues will eventually lead to very similar justices and a lack of legal diversity . 
  while having the executive appoint and the legislature confirm does lead to politically-motivated appointments sometimes , it sort of serves to balance the composition across the political spectrum . 
  second point : no arguments there - fptp voting is n't ideal .
