  but hey , it 's not my rodeo - i 'm just here to watch . 
  all i know is that it 'll be much cheaper to visit europe in the next month . 
  the americans did it correctly with tarp - what the euro group did was bail out the banks with a bunch of reform and austerity clauses attached , which did n't work judging by the current events . 
  vat revenue is included in gdp calculation , so in this measure it does n't influence the results . 
  unless you are arguing that vat hinders an economy , to which i 'd reply that it 's then an issue with policy , not measurement . 
  this is the funniest thread i 've read in a while ... 
  i had no clue that some people think that ac or rolling your windows down is bad for you !, 
  if that were true , everyone i know should n't be alive , haha . 
  also , you have n't lived until you feel your hair frozen solid in the winter after walking to work ... it 's so much fun !, 
  us census bureau , page 7 : https://www.census.gov/content/dam/census/library/publications/2014/demo/p60-249.pdf i was actually incorrect though - those were the numbers from 2013 . 
  2014 is higher : http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/20/news/economy/median-income/ here is where i got the numbers for 2013 germany : http://www.voxeu.org/article/are-germans-poorer-other-europeans-principal-eurozone-differences-wealth-and-income bear in mind that converting to usd is going to drop the value a ways since the fx rate was much stronger in 2013 than it is now . 
  for sure . 
  i 'm not arguing against the merits of a state welfare system - i think that social democracies that take care of their citizens via affordable healthcare and education are the way to go . 
  the us has a system geared more towards choice , where you get your money first and then spend it back into the system on high healthcare and education costs . 
  for the poor in society , it 's not a great system . 
  for the wealthier , it 's probably preferable . 
  ultimately it 's a cultural difference . 
  the us still has a bit of frontier ethos where you have to make your own way in life without much help from the state . 
  i personally like the motivation it gives the country overall , especially innovators and creative types , but it fails to provide support for those in society that are less fortunate . 
  the american dream is about the opportunity to succeed , not the guarantee of success . 
  we still need to work on giving everyone the opportunity . 
  the us most certainly has sales tax on products and food ( remember the whole `` the price on the tag is n't what you pay in america ! '', 
  thing ? 
  ) , as well as local , state , and federal taxes on a host of categories . 
  the whole reason that we measure using ppp is because it takes into account factors like healthcare costs , schools , gasoline , houses , cars , etc to give a much more accurate picture of daily life . 
  while the us certainly has plenty of issues , it 's a bit myopic to dismiss the data by handwaving and saying `` oh it 's just inequality '' . 
  there are 318,000,000 + people in the us and the country * still * has a higher gdp ppp per person than switzerland . 
  give credit where it 's due - the us was able to bounce back from the recession much better than many western nations . 
  the * median * real ( aka inflation adjusted ) us household income in 2014 was ~ ~ $ 51,939 ~ ~ [ 53,891 usd . 
  ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/20/news/economy/median-income/ ) the median real german household income in ~ ~ 2014 ~ ~ [ 2013 was $ 31,103 usd or 22,000 euros . 
  ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/are-germans-poorer-other-europeans-principal-eurozone-differences-wealth-and-income ) the us has an issue with inequality , but that does n't change the fact that 50 % of the households in the country make more than $ 52k a year , which is very high considering average cost of living . 
  edit : cleaned up the numbers . 
  not sure where you are getting that data - boeing has been ahead of airbus on commercial orders and deliveries for 3 years running . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  boeing has top-secret military r&d divisions and employs thousands of the top engineers to build everything from their commercial airliners to military jets to spacecraft . 
  additionally , the 777 and the 787 are unmatched right now by anything in airbus 's portfolio , which is why boeing had 220 orders for the 777x in 2014 [ while the rival airbus model ( a350-2000 ) had -20 orders in 2014 . 
  ] ( http://www.seattletimes.com/business/airbusrsquo-2014-sales-tally-shows-boeing-is-still-no-1/ ) [ unless you want to argue that boeing stole this from airbus , i 'm pretty sure that they would still be in business . 
  it may mean that he 's been tipped off that something very bad is expected to happen if greece defaults , so he 's basically upping the ante for getting bailed out . 
  china jumped into the fray yesterday supporting the effort to keep greece solvent , germany is now trying to smooth out statements to keep greece in the eu , the americans have continued to point out that there are unforeseen contagion risks ... my bet is that the risk managers at the major banks discovered something very wrong with the eurogroup 's assumptions about how the default will play out . 
  did they ? 
  we do n't even know what this hypothetical company/app is , only that it 's some magic non-greedy german company . 
  i ca n't debate the merits of a service if nobody can name it . 
  80 million * potential * customers . 
  plus we still have n't heard exactly what this german app was called ... 
  so if you already had superior apps , why did n't they scale and become known outside of germany ? 
  uber is a $ 40 + billion company ... 
  they obviously do things slightly better than the existing competition . 
  i think that it 's totally fair to choose what companies get to operate in your country . 
  just do n't complain when in 5 years the american companies are at the forefront of self-driving car sharing services and have much better sharing economy options a la airbnb and uber/lyft . 
  if i were a european entrepreneur with an awesome idea for a disruptive app ( that might piss off an existing industry ) do you think that i 'd try to launch it in france or california first ? 
  understand that i 'm not saying that it was all due to the banks , but rather that the goal of `` bailing out greece '' was never about actually fixing greece 's finances , but instead a pump-and-dump strategy to allow enough time to unwind exposure before the greek government finally ran out of money . 
  if you take an objective look at the reforms required by the eurogroup , none of them are effective at actually fixing an economy mired in recession . 
  debt is fine so long as the end result is investment in the future , via infrastructure , education , innovation incubators , etc. 
  instead everything was focused around cutting existing liabilities and none around actually growing the economy . 
  that 's why even though greece 's deficits fell , their economy fell even further . 
  what the eurogroup 's reforms were good at was extracting as much capital as possible while still appearing to be a serious attempt to reform greece . 
  i 've met some of the key players in this episode ( geithner , drahgi , summers , bernanke , etc ) and the overall takeaway is that they strongly disagree on most points of the german economic consensus . 
  on a personal level they also are not fans of sch\u00e4uble at all . 
  [ the obama administration is also not impressed by the way that the eurogroup has handled the situation . 
  the fact that you think about this crisis in terms of ethics belies a fundamental misunderstanding of international capital markets . 
  it has nothing to do with ethics and everything to do with german and western european banks and sovereign funds buying high-risk greek debt under the assumption that the ez system would protect them from default . 
  the fact that greek government yields were just as low as germany during much of the 00s is due to this unnatural policy intervention assumption . 
  now we see that when the music stopped in 2009-10 , the eurozone players made a mad dash to bail out their bad investments by pumping greece full of unsustainable bailout loans . 
  they then used strict terms to appear like they were serious about getting greece back on the path to recovery , but in reality they were just buying their banks time to reduce their balance-sheet exposure to greece . 
  now `` the day of reckoning '' has come and greece ca n't keep making payments on their loan interest . 
  german leaders chalk it up to * moral * failures when in reality this whole charade was a spineless reallocation of greek assets in order to protect western european financial interests . 
  i have no great love for greek work culture and i know that they have many , many systemic problems , but i loath hearing germans act like this was a moral issue . 
  canada unemployment rate : 6.8 % eu unemployment rate : 9.6 % us unemployment rate : 5.5 %, 
  wow , the insecurity coming from you is amazing . 
  did your girlfriend dump you for an american guy or something ? 
  you clearly are n't a fan of us yanks , but you really need to step up your game , because right now it 's pretty pathetic . 
  do you get angry at the moon because it reminds you that only americans have been on it ? 
  you are pathetic . 
  the boston marathon bombings severely injured over 220 people directly - people had their legs and feet blown off and dozens had life-threatening blood loss , trauma , concussions , and internal bleeding . 
  ** after the first few seconds , every single person made it into a boston hospital and survived . 
  **  the explosions took place at 2:50 p.m. , twelve seconds apart . 
  medical personnel manning the runners ' first-aid tent swiftly converted it into a mass-casualty triage unit . 
  emergency medical teams mobilized en masse from around the city , resuscitated the injured , and somehow dispersed them to eight different hospitals in minutes , despite chaos and snarled traffic . 
   my hospital , the brigham and women 's hospital , received thirty-one victims , twenty-eight of them with significant injuries . 
  seven arrived nearly at once , starting at 3:08 p.m. all required emergency surgery . 
  the first to go to surgery -- a patient in shock , hemorrhaging profusely , with inadequate breathing and a near-completely severed leg -- was resuscitated and on an operating table by 3:25 p.m. , just thirty-five minutes after the blast . 
  the rest followed , one after the other , spaced by just minutes . 
  twelve patients in all would undergo surgery -- mostly vascular and orthopedic procedures -- before the evening was done . 
   this kind of orchestration happened all across the city . 
  massachusetts general hospital also received thirty-one victims -- at least four of whom required amputations . 
  boston medical center received twenty-three victims . 
  beth israel deaconess medical center handled twenty-one . 
  boston children 's hospital took in ten children , ages two to twelve . 
  tufts medical center and st. elizabeth 's medical center each treated eighteen victims . 
  one emergency physician told me he 'd never heard so many ambulance sirens before in his life . 
  http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/why-bostons-hospitals-were-ready you have no fucking clue what you are talking about - that 's the definition of world-class right there . 
  i 'm just going to leave this here . 
  ] ( http://hospitals.webometrics.info/en/world ) it 's not up for debate really - the top us hospitals are the best in the world . 
  thanks !, 
  rooting for you guys too , 
  * natural rights . 
  it 's more a philosophical argument . 
  you ca n't appeal or further challenge a federal supreme court ruling . 
  they 'd have to change the us constitution to reverse this decision . 
  gay marriage used to vary state by state .
