  what is this supposed to mean ? 
  amazon is a multinational corporation that employees thousands of your fellow europeans , including european legal and management experts who are there solely to advise on labor relations . 
  i 'm sure that they already understand how things work in europe . 
  eh , it 's a bit more complex than that . 
  on the federal level , i agree - the us political system needs an overhaul since very little gets done in congress . 
  on the state level though , lots of work gets done and states have a ton of power to create their own laws and test out new ideas . 
  examples include single payer health insurance in vermont , legalized weed in co and wa , higher speed limits in tx and parts of the midwest , lower driving ages in some states , romneycare in ma prior to obamacare , etc. 
  i think a more accurate comparison would be to look at the european-level governance and then compare it to the us federal gov. 
  the us system is still very efficient in managing military , taxes , regulations , legal disputes , and other mundane things . 
  the main source of inefficiency is that national laws are painfully hard to create , although some would argue that this is on purpose . 
  how would you recommend changing the us federal government to be better ? 
  i respect labor disputes when they have a valid legal claim that the company is doing something wrong , but this does n't seem like a clear-cut case of amazon screwing their employees . 
  if you work in a distribution warehouse , you are in logistics . 
  if you work directly with customers , you are in retail . 
  unless people are coming into the warehouse to pick up their goods in person , it 's hard to argue that these workers are retail . 
  they can certainly strike if they want , but it will hurt the image of german business practices in the eyes of amazon corporate . 
  why invest more resources and time in germany if the labor unions are negotiating in bad faith ? 
  hopefully we are n't getting the full story here , otherwise i 'm not sure i agree with the strike . 
  i did n't downvote you btw , but i wanted to address the point about competing systems . 
  in the us we have a fair amount of competition for both credit card transaction systems ( square is a prime example ) that lets smaller merchants accept cards for much lower fees . 
  you also have solutions like google wallet , apple pay ( coming soon ) and coin ( a smart credit card ) that are also legal and used fairly widely . 
  there is actually a lot of competition . 
  also sorry , i did n't mean to come across as hostile there . 
  seriously ? 
  do you think that cash is free for the merchant to accept ? 
  you have counting , security , transport , auditing , and lack of independent electronic records to verify transactions . 
  that costs a ton of money too , all of which gets passed on to the consumer . 
  thank you holy crap everyone acts like cash is free for the businesses too . 
   also , buying a car with 10,000 $ in cash is the shit . 
  those 500 euro bills tho . 
  do you make it rain at the dealership ? 
  sounds like credit cards suck in germany . 
  in the us for instance you can get a card like the chase freedom - no annual or monthly fees , 5 % cash back on rotating categories ( like amazon or department stores ) and 1 % cash back on everything . 
  or a capital one card that gives you 2 % back on everything . 
  pretty good deals actually , provided you pay them on time . 
  i do like carrying around cash in germany . . especially those coins . 
  it 's pretty fun to go up to the bar and trade a few gold coins for a beer !, 
  i feel like a pirate , haha . 
  i also have sort of the opposite issue - i spend cash quickly when i have it , but i am more careful with a credit card . 
  including the people paying cash . 
  so if it 's going to be more expensive for everyone , is it reeaaally more expensive to use your credit card ? 
  it sounds like you 'd just be a fool to pay in cash since you subsidize credit card holders . 
  ca n't argue against privacy - cash is king there . 
  i use mint.com to check my current balance if i need to know my net total . 
  it combines my credit card liability vs my bank account to give me my total . 
  as for encouraging consumerism , i 'd say that it only happens if you are buying things that you do n't need . 
  if i see a sale , i 'll react the same way if i have to pay in cash or card . 
  if you have self control and not buy things that you do n't need , you can gain a lot of purchasing power via credit cards . 
  that and the fact that it builds your credit history , which will potentially save you thousands when you get a better interest rate on your home or car loan . 
  no , i did n't lose any money by using a credit card . 
  i 've never purchased something that would have been cheaper if i used cash . 
  if your argument is that everything would be cheaper if we all used cash , do you really think that companies would prefer to handle cash everyday ? 
  no , that costs them money for lock boxes , daily bank deposits , security and audit concerns , lack of paper trail for transactions , etc. 
  cash is a complete headache if you are a medium or large company . 
  they 'd prefer to pay their 1.5 % to visa and never have to worry about the cash register again . 
  so yes , companies lose money on the transaction fee , but gain money on the efficiency costs . 
  overall it 's pretty much a wash , and i come out ahead with my free travel . 
  the . 
  prices . 
  are . 
  the . 
  same . 
  i ca n't stress this enough . 
  every grocery store , clothing store , mall , electronics shop , furniture store , etc in the us take credit cards . 
  literally all of them . 
  ** if i use cash i not only pay the extra price that the store charges for credit cards , i also forego any benefit of using a credit card . 
  ** i get what you are saying , and perhaps it is different in your country , but i am not paying extra by using my credit card . 
  i get what you are trying to say , but that 's just not how it works in the us . 
  the price for that giant tv is exactly the same whether i use my credit card or use cash . 
  why would i use cash then ? 
  it 's literally the same price !, 
  factor in the fact that basically 100 % of retail and 90 % of restaurants already take cards , and i wo n't be able to avoid this price increase anywhere . 
  might as well earn rewards . 
  that 's a cool budgeting tip !, 
  is mint.com very popular in europe ? 
  i use mint all the time - have it on my smartphone to track my budget progress and transactions across accounts . 
  it even sends me reminders if i 'm overspending for the week on a certain category . 
  pretty nifty for sure . 
  3 % on what ? 
  there is absolutely no interest charged to the cardholder between your statement generation date and your statement due date . 
  are you referring to the merchant fees ? 
  oof , that 's a terrible rate . 
  granted some airlines are worse than others for rewards , but yikes . 
  last time i booked an international flight i used british airways avios - they are pretty good and you can use them to book non ba flights via the star alliance or one world alliance or whatever sci-fi faction they belong to . 
  i only had to pay $ 10 of non-points to book the entire round-trip ticket ... that 's weird that they 'd charge you 100k points and then also charge you for fees . 
  thanks for the perspective !, 
  i honestly never understood why germans never use credit cards , but now that i know that you guys do n't get nearly the same benefits it makes much more sense . 
  we all learned something today !, 
  of course nothing is free , but i 'm not the one paying - the idiots who ca n't manage their cards properly are the ones that are making visa billions . 
  i 'm just along for the free travel and perks . 
  merchants are n't allowed to charge different prices ( with the exception of gas stations ) in the us . 
  cards are accepted pretty much everywhere , including food trucks , so the price increase ( if present ) is negated by competition . 
  everything you do is already being profiled and monitored by marketing firms . 
  it 's basically unavoidable . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of it , but it also does n't bother me since i know that there is n't a master plan to it beyond them trying to target advertising more effectively . 
  basically , i 've had awesome life experiences that were only possible thanks to my credit card points turning a $ 1000 flight completely free for me . 
  that 's so worth it to me . 
  i understand that in germany they may not offer these sorts of perks with credit cards , but i 'm sure you 'll see it within the next decade . 
  they are n't evil . 
  ah , yes , from the merchant side of the equation everything flips .
