  they contain highly-classified components and cost over 2 billion ea . 
  it 's much better to have them based in the middle of a large afb in the us than in europe which is crawling with hostile espionage . 
  what you said is correct , and that 's why your conclusion is wrong . 
  if you know that you will be absolutely destroyed if you launch a preemptive attack , then there 's no gain to launching a preemptive attack . 
  your best move is simply not to attack at all . 
  that 's why first strikes are only feasible if you know that you can defeat the counter strike . 
  this is simple game theory . 
  gay marriage was legal in parts of the us a decade ago . 
  also , just fyi , 90 % of the us only knows the netherlands for weed , canals and wooden shoes . 
  we are n't offended by your politics because we frankly do n't pay attention to it at all . 
   yes , it takes balls going against the usa 's opinion and pressure which these countries didnt have to go through , but still . 
  why is the usa 's opinion relevant ? 
  just do your own country - the us is n't going to blackmail you or anything for supporting palestine . 
  the us supports israel because they are the only democracy left in that part of the world , and we need to ensure that we keep at least one friend in a region where everything is rapidly going to shit . 
  if the us recognized palestine , we 'd lose a key source of military intel and support in the region . 
  since sweden does n't have any geopolitical repercussions for recognizing palestine , it really takes no balls at all to make this announcement . 
   as long as people continue to support the failed us capitalist system that destroyed the american middle-class then we 'll end up as destitute as they are . 
  & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; have you ever been to america ? 
  jokes and trite replies aside , i think that the main talking point for anti-ttip folks is that it is being negotiated in private right now . 
  they point to this as proof that the us is strong-arming europe into bad deals and neoliberal agendas , like forced privatization of public goods . 
  the facts are that current negotiations are private to ensure that both parties operate in good faith . 
  once a suitable agreement is made , the plan will be made public and the corresponding legislatures will vote on it for actual passage . 
  if the negotiations are not kept private though , nothing could be accomplished because every issue would be debated in the media before it would even be adopted , and hysteria would overwhelm the negotiations . 
  it 's actually standard practice for most negotiations to keep them behind closed doors until both parties are ready to put it to a vote . 
  see any treaty ever signed between two nations for an example . 
  i 'm glad that you know the exact classified mission of a hypersonic us orbital platform !, 
  hint : it 's not for recon . 
  if it were , the nro would be operating it , not the air force . 
  if the us were to carry out a stealth nuclear strike , it would be from a different platform than the b2 . 
  the b2 is 1980s tech - current gen is obviously top secret but check out the [ x-37b ] ( http://www.space.com/26984-military-x37b-space-plane-mission-600-days.html ) for a preview . 
  only a war against a country without a second-strike capability . 
  that 's why the us spends hundreds of billions on a second-strike capable navy . 
  you ca n't make a preemptive attack if the country you attack will just destroy you automatically . 
  even if all major us cities are destroyed , each us nuclear sub has enough warheads to destroy 90 % of russia , and nobody has any clue where those subs are . 
  they get the orders and fire . 
  it 's game theory !, 
  i 'm pretty sure those are us bases , not nato bases . 
  unless japan just joined nato without me noticing . . 
  when us b2 bombers fly missions in iraq , do you know where they take off and land from ? 
  missouri . 
  i am !, 
   `` he calculates that at an oil price of $ 85 per barrel , russia would run a deficit of around 3 percent of gdp - enough to wipe out the whole of the reserve fund in a single year . '', 
  wellhead oil pricing is a very complex topic , especially since there are many different grades of crude and pricing varies between wti and brent on the global markets . 
  the fact is though that 2020 delivery futures for brent are still trading at over $ 92 a barrel today , which shows that the market is predicting an increase in the near future . 
  very few people are predicting brent to stay at $ 85 for long . 
  good article from today about the topic : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-10-29/calls-for-100-a-barrel-oil-show-many-betting-on-rebound.html, 
  in this hypothetical scenario i doubt that there would be an occupation , just aerial bombing . 
  also , take a look at soviet tactics during the cold war with how to deal with revolting populations - they definitely used tanks against civilians : http://www.nato.int/ebookshop/video/declassified/doc_files/hungary2.jpg i know that we all fancy ourselves some good ol red dawn style resistance , but that 's 90 % hollywood and 10 % wishful thinking . 
  rebels in syria , afghanistan and sudan are effective because they are used to being able to survive and rough it in a warzone . 
  take your average swiss or american citizen and put them in the desert with a toyota and a gun against enemy air units and it 's going to be ugly . 
  because they just went over to pakistan ? 
  it 's seriously not hard - we wiped them out from afghanistan initially in 2002 but then since nobody could step up to run the country they all came back . 
  this is pretty well documented history . 
  i see it the same as having a ton of us citizens armed and ready to fight the government if there comes a day for an insurrection . 
  sure , it would be nice in theory , but nobody wins against an abrams , apache , a-10 or an ac 130 when it comes down to it . 
  if the swiss like it then that 's fine , but it 's not really a viable strategy against a full-scale invasion . 
  rather they would have a much clearer advantage via their control over the global banking system . 
  to some extent , although the headline military spending numbers have remained within their historical averages since wwii : http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/include/usgs_chart2p34.png and http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/include/usgs_chart2p35.png the excess spending in the 2000s mostly went via different , non-military budgets to contractors and foreign aid , so it 's not counted in our current spending calculation for the military budget . 
  switzerland is like fortifying australia in the game of risk . 
  sure , it 's very easy to hold and you get a nice little bonus each turn , but by the end of the game it wo n't really matter since your opponents have taken over much of the world by that point and just have to wait for the army bonuses to flush you out . 
  i admire the swiss people and the country is breathtakingly beautiful ( like , serious awesome ) but i do n't know who they are fooling with their always ready to fight posture . 
  in the 90s nato members voted to adopt a 2 and 20 target : 2 % of gdp on military spending , and 20 % of that spending needs to be towards investment ( not just maintenance ) . 
  the member countries voted and pledged to uphold that target , but there is n't really an enforcement mechanism beyond being an untrustworthy partner . 
  some would argue that 2 % spending is n't necessary these days . 
  while that may be true , it 's easy to say that when the us provides more money overall than all other member nations combined . 
  [ good diagram from the uk gov showing spending by percentage and in total for nato countries ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/34186/vds_percent_gdp_q1_1213.pdf ) so , basically nato relies waaay too much on the us , and with current us sentiment souring towards getting involved in europe 's problems ( or most of the world 's problems for that matter ) , it could be a serious issue for europe if america decides to pull back . 
  if the us spent as much as germany , by percentage , nato would be a joke . 
  two things : 1 ) the author is a us right-winger who this sub would n't trust for any other type of article , especially because he is pro us intervention in ukraine and wants the republicans in power so that they can arm more ukrainians . 
  not terribly nuanced . 
  2 ) if `` europe '' calls putin 's bluff , putin would simply offer better deals to italy or other regions in an attempt to split off regions from the overall picture . 
  if a large economy like italy took the lower gas prices , they 'd be able to crush neighboring countries when it comes to manufacturing prices , thereby creating a major internal rift in the eu . 
  it only takes one defector to ruin the game for everyone else . 
  autocracies can endure periods of civil discontent far better than democracies . 
  while putin would lose if europe left , the grave impact on europe 's energy prices and business sentiment would push them much harder than it would russia , since putin has a well-developed propaganda machine and has demonstrated that he is fine with quelling mass protests . 
  most european countries do not have this sort of control , and therefore in a waiting game , i 'd still put my money on putin . 
  this whole situation is n't europe holding a gun to russia 's head - it 's europe and russia both holding guns to each other 's heads and this article is simply claiming that europe wo n't die if they both shoot . 
  sure they may be right , but it 's hardly a weapon that you want to use . 
  just because the rates are falling does not invalidate the fact that there are still hundreds of millions of chinese citizens who live a subsistence lifestyle . 
  i 'm not arguing that china has n't made good progress , but they still have a very , very long way to go . 
  um , i think that we are still forgetting that over 900 million chinese citizens are dirt poor . 
  some numbers for you to consider : ** poverty headcount ratio ( 2009 ) china ** poverty trend | world bank -- | -- live less than $ 1.25 a day | 11.8 % ( 157 million ) live less than $ 2 a day | 27.2 % ( 362 million ) live less than $ 2.5 a day | 36.5 % ( 486 million ) live less than $ 5 a day | 67.8 % ( 902 million ) [ source ] ( http://povertydata.worldbank.org/poverty/country/chn ) note that these numbers are adjusted for local purchasing power . 
  so according to / r/economics , they are counting debt as negative wealth , thus why north america has people in the lowest global decile . 
  overall though , the vast proportion of canadians and americans are in the top two global deciles - and people with large amounts of debt likely still live a very comfortable life compared to peasants in china . 
  they just have an underwater mortgage . 
  that 's basically an endorsement , haha . 
  i just wish more people would be open minded about citizens of countries , even if their governments or policies are n't great . 
  americans often also get crap here because i think people expect us all to be gun toting bible thumpers with no culture , 
  just a quick note about the b 52s . . 
  they were n't flying over chinese airspace , but over part of the ocean that china had claimed was off limits . 
  basically it was a big `` fuck you , we will fly over international waters if we please '' and not a violation of recognized chinese airspace . 
  i love russia people - the vast majority that i 've met or worked with have been amazing . 
  they also have a great sense of humor and are very sharp with current events . 
  you mean the serious thread about a swedish humor cartoon depicting russian tourists invading gamla stan ? 
  my original post was just supposed to be funny , but the replies i got were just everyone taking it seriously . 
  i guess i just need to change my flair and post pictures of british or canadian soldiers marching in paris and then it would be funny ? 
  my point is that not everyone is a tourist in the same way . 
  thousands of americans visit paris yearly because they had a grandfather or relative in the war who came back and spoke highly of the french culture and people , and therefore they want to go experience it for themselves . 
  it 's often a once-in-a-lifetime experience and therefore they should get a bit of leniency for acting like a tourist and seeing the main highlights of paris . 
  to denigrate all tourists into shallow amateur photographers is missing the point . 
  thousands of people visit because they want to more fully appreciate history and their own family 's past .
