  hopefully these sorts of things cause people to start questioning the process a bit more . 
  there is a big difference between self censorship and tact . 
  i think that being tactful is a good thing . 
  just because i have the right to say whatever i want does n't give me a free pass from the consequences . 
  it 's probably the most misunderstood aspect of free speech . 
  i think that you have a bit to learn about japan . 
  they are happy to have the us to balance out china , but in an ideal world they 'd control the pacific unchallenged . 
  just look at their attitude towards wwii , specifically the legacy and lack of apologies for war crimes . 
  the japanese government is much more nationalistic than germany . 
  the us qe programs are finished . 
  you know what they say , the early bird gets the economic recovery . 
  good luck starting your own qe program five years late . 
  um , japan was the second largest economy in the world until china passed it recently . 
  they are definitely closer to a superpower in their region than germany since wwii . 
  the best part is that americans by and large love germany . 
  it 's a one-way hate parade , but we do n't take it personally  you are always welcome here !, 
  that 's some george w bush era bullshit . 
  if soldiers walking around your cities is necessary for you to feel safe ... 
  damn . 
  i ca n't tell you what i know about that episode on the internet , but it was n't negligence . 
  europe is n't interested in developing nuclear tech further than what existed in the 70s for the most part . 
  the only real exception is france . 
  so you 'll likely just get a bunch of people here telling you why it ca n't be done in its present form instead of thinking about the future of nuclear energy . 
  sure there are labs working on it , but low levels of state funding currently . 
  maybe when lockheed builds a fusion reactor and refuses to export the design , people will change their tune . 
  why the hell are there still soldiers patrolling in france ? 
  did they declare martial law or something ? 
  i would find it incredibly unsettling to have armed soldiers operating in my country outside of disaster relief operations . 
  the police are for domestic patrol . 
  if they are n't enough , you can deploy your version of the national guard . 
  but to put soldiers who are only trained to operate in hostile territory on your streets for over a month straight is a terrible idea . 
  i mean , i obviously live in a fairly militarized country by european standards , but the military absolutely could not be used around us citizens like they are being used in france . 
  so if it 's a basic human right , why is it that germany and austria and ireland do n't have full marriage equality , and poland and much of eastern europe outright ban gay marriage ? 
  is it just because the muslims who live in those countries are against it ? 
  this is what happens to your intelligence agencies when you just rely on buying us and uk intel instead of actually investing in your own ops . 
  like , this is total amateur hour . 
  you could n't walk 10 feet into langley before having a gun pulled on you , yet these guys flooded the whole place and walked out ? 
  seriously ? 
  because there 's no way they could have been australian or canadian or something . 
  nope . 
  listen , i work in this industry . 
  i ca n't give you anything more than the word of a complete internet stranger , but everybody knows that this is a basic regulatory grab by vestager , who has demonstrated throughout her entire career that she views the role of regulation to prop up domestic industry . 
  nobody is surprised , and it 's why my city here in the us is full of europeans creating their software and startup companies here instead of in the eu . 
  rules need to be fair - and her style of regulation is sending people to the exits . 
  then explain why it 's okay for apple ( ios ) or nokia ( symbian ) to pre-install their own apps and not let you uninstall them ? 
  the whole argument is grasping at straws . 
  sounds like the cost of getting the os is agreeing to keep the apps . 
  how is that different from just saying the cost is $ 10 ? 
  abusing their position of giving away the most popular mobile os for free ? 
  it 's like arguing that mercedes or vw should have to allow an option for other engines to be installed in their car , since pre-installing core components of a product 's experience is apparently abuse of power . 
  when you buy a phone with google android on it , why is it a problem that it also has google apps on it ? 
  you can still install other apps without issue . 
  this whole thing is just the eu trying to suck money out of competitive us companies since there are no longer any european players in the mobile device industry ( post-nokia ) . 
   `` i just think it 's paradoxical that the united states , which would n't dream of allowing the slightest infringement of its own sovereignty , should be lecturing other countries about the need to enmesh themselves ever deeper in a federal super-state , '' [ boris ] told the associated press . 
  not sure that obama is asking the uk to consider deeper eu integration , and i really doubt he 'll be lecturing anybody . 
  he 's just over there because he 's making a little farewell tour to europe in his last year in office . 
  he 'll be polite and avoiding making huge remarks , i guarantee it . 
  the reason ? 
   there 's scant evidence that americans are broadly aware of the debate in the u.k. or care about the outcome . 
  technically they are competing against free + the cost from the risk of getting caught pirating , which is n't completely free . 
  europeans that blame ukraine on america disturb me too . 
   a hillary presidency would probably result in re-igniting us-iran tensions , strengthening bonds with ksa and israel . 
  ... hillary helped lay the groundwork for the deal with iran during her time as secretary of state . 
  she privately has an intense dislike of netanyahu as evidenced by her leaked emails . 
  what are you basing this anti-iran , pro-israel stance on ? 
  source : http://www.haaretz.com/opinion/1.697675, 
  i mean , she has a list of concrete policy proposals that form a fairly progressive agenda : https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/ she just is n't as out there as sanders so she unfairly gets labeled as having a `` more of the same '' agenda instead of having a more progressive agenda than the current president . 
  reddit incredibly biased against hillary because she 's in the way of their unhealthy infatuation with bernie . 
  hillary in reality would be the most qualified person to be president on the foreign policy front that we 've seen since h. w. bush ( 1988 ) . 
  just my opinion , but she 'd be the best option from a european perspective since she appreciates the value of international relations and diplomacy . 
  you are always welcome in the us my friend !, 
  i 'm actually friends with a number of first-generation romanian-americans - their parents were born in romania . 
  most are studying to be doctors - aka doing very well here !, 
  nobody sees justice quite like me . 
   americans have their own offshore location in delaware that 's not an offshore tax haven , it 's just a really easy state to establish an `` anonymous '' business . 
  there was a great series of planet money episodes about starting your own tax haven companies - part 1 was them laughing at how easy it was to create anonymous companies in the us and in places like belize , but then part 2 was them getting scary phone calls from the irs requiring them to disclose all the previously anonymous information . 
  check it out !, 
  http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2016/03/30/472452808/episode-403-what-can-we-do-with-our-shell-companies tl ; dr : it 's actually really hard to hide money from the irs . 
   when they do they are instructed to aim to legs . 
  the fuck ? 
  real life pistols do n't work like they do in movies or videogames - they are fairly inaccurate at distance . 
  the idea that you 'd try to shoot someone in the legs sounds terrible ... do n't fire a lethal weapon at someone unless you are prepared to kill them . 
  trying to just injure someone could go horribly wrong if the bullet sailed on you and killed them instead . 
  what if you were just trying to stop them instead of defending yourself against a lethal threat ? 
  seems like a terrible policy , but i 'm not finnish so i 'll let them make their own rules . 
  just like how any swift exchange using us dollars technically runs through the ny clearing exchange , which is why argentina somehow got into a trial in a courthouse in new york over their sovereign debt payments . 
  the internet is fairly similar - almost all top level domains are owned by american institutions . 
  alright , you got me . 
  it 's america 's fault . 
  feel better ? 
  i understand the situation very well actually . 
  if you think that saddam , who literally was killing his own citizens with chemical weapons , and who started a decade-long war with iran that killed hundreds of thousands , was keeping the region stable and secure ... 
  i do n't know what to tell you . 
  if you would like to blame the us for it , go ahead . 
  we all need a target for our catharsis . 
  the us has taken thousands of refugees from syria and iraq . 
  why had n't europe taken any of the millions of refugees and economic migrants from the bloody cartel wars in central america ? 
  the iraq war did n't cause isis , the former iraqi pm malakai created this clusterfuck after he refused to run an inclusive government , which led to a ton of the iraqi military essentially defecting the second they could . 
  he undid a decade of work the us tried to do in building some semblance of a stable government there . 
  without that , isis would n't have had any of the heavy weapons or infrastructure that it does today .
