  he 's a casino developer . 
  war is n't fun - casinos are fun . 
  he 's running on some strange plutocratic corporatism platform where his experience making deals and being a billionaire are his best traits . 
  hahaha i knew this comment would be here somewhere !, 
  because in an active warfare situation , there is n't time for optics . 
  the us needs to get on the same page with russia to avoid accidentally engaging with russian forces since both sides have lots of military hardware there ( both officially and unofficially ) . 
  boston is awesome !, 
  i think you 'd definitely enjoy visiting - it 's very walkable and has public transit so you wo n't need a car to get around at all . 
  if you ever want travel tips let me know !, 
  visit during the summer and check out provincetown on the cape ( tiny little city known for its gay pride and cottage feel ) and portland , maine ( quick train ride away and has some of the best seafood ever ) . 
  boston obviously is the largest new england city so it has everything , but it 's also fun to visit the surrounding areas if you have time . 
  nyc is fun but it 's such a crazy place to try and see everything - boston is much more manageable and has a ton of historic sites !, 
  the uber app lets you hail taxis if you want - at least it does in my city . 
  it 's just that uberx or uber pool is a far better deal and you do n't need to put up with sketchy cab drivers . 
  interesting . 
  in the us military there are no exceptions for performance between men and women if you are seeking a combat role . 
  the handful of women that made it through ranger school were genuinely qualified . 
  when you are in active combat everyone needs to be able to carry another soldier and perform the same general tasks ... not being able to do so endangers everyone . 
  the us also has a professional army though so i could see it having different standards than a conscription-based army . 
  if you think that 's good , prime users in the us get free same-day shipping for select cities . 
  i ordered a large midi keyboard at 9am and it was at my door at 4pm fo free . 
  otherwise it 's free two-day shipping on pretty much everything else , even though the goods sometimes come from thousands of miles away on the other side of the country !, 
  hell of a risk to take when you still have people alive who remember getting gunned down by invading soldiers . 
  people forget that history does n't always stay in the past . 
  well the us military has an enormous supply chain component as well - it 's always out at sea and across dozens of bases world-wide . 
  the us does n't deploy forces unless they can keep them resupplied indefinitely . 
  that map seems to prove the point that the us cities have very clean air compared to major european metro areas ... [ the megalopolis from dc to nyc to boston ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northeast_megalopolis ) is all green and in the low numbers , despite having millions of daily drivers and 50 million residents . 
   france 's junior trade minister , matthias fekl , said at the same event that washington lacked a spirit of compromise in the negotiations and that if the united states was not willing to change its position , paris could not rule out leaving the talks . 
  welcome to politics in the us . 
  it is nearly universally true that birthrates decrease as development increases in a country . 
  theoretically you could see a population rebound after a severe depression , but i do n't think we 'll see something that extreme anytime soon . 
  that 's why countries in africa have very high birthrates , why china is slowing down quite a bit , and why western europe has some of the lowest birthrates . 
  not really how demography works . 
   nobody would claim that the japanese and their culture have no more right to japan than people of any other race or culture . 
  not sure if you 've been paying attention for the past few decades , but i do n't think any country aspires to being japan . 
  europe closing up and becoming an aging , dying society would preserve your ideal `` european '' heritage for a few more generations , but it would simply be a museum for dynamic societies to visit in the future . 
  the future is the borg future - you wo n't be able to stop other cultures and media and entertainment from becoming a part of your society . 
  fight if you want , but remember : resistance is futile . 
  the us regulates passenger car emissions to the same standards whether they are gasoline or diesel , so the vast , * vast * majority of passenger cars in the us ( ~ 95 % ) are gasoline . 
  the remaining 5 % are either diesel or electric . 
  of that amount , vw was by far the largest seller of diesel passenger cars , which something like 60-70 % of the market depending on how you count them ( vw or vw+a udi ) . 
  many of the us automakers decided against pursuing diesel passenger cars as they could n't affordably hit the emissions targets while making the cars fun to drive . 
  the only company claiming to do it right was vw via the power of `` german engineering '' , which we all now know was wholesale fraud . 
  so no , the us does n't really do passenger diesel cars . 
  it 's very different from europe in that sense . 
  i think that nasa had every reason to be terrified of that 7 minute gap - they were relying on an automated process wherein an entry vehicle ejects a space crane that then falls and hovers using rockets while lowering a car-sized rover onto the surface of another planet . 
  that seems impossible to do on earth , never mind on mars . 
  i have no clue why the esa mission control would have been that confident - clearly they need to reevaluate as well . 
  i think that i 'm arguing that `` good news '' that comes in is n't really good news - the ft lede this morning does a good job explaining why this is a `` calm before the storm '' moment for the uk . 
  the uk is walking into the dark woods naked and without a flashlight . 
  they might emerge on the other side okay , but it 's much riskier than the spin currently coming out from both sides . 
  there 's a real potential for bears . 
  currency devaluation helps if your economy is export-orientated . 
  the uk exports autos and airplane parts , however the majority of the uk economy is services , especially financial , and therefore currency devaluation causes necessary imports to be more expensive . 
  negative growth is obviously bad , however outside of technological shifts and resource extraction , the main driver of economic growth in a keynesian model is trade . 
  by leaving the eu , they raise significant barriers to trade with their neighbors . 
  so the uk is n't setting itself up for future economic growth without a big shift in trade relations or some sort of revamp of the business regulatory environment . 
  to be fair , if you report things like the london stock market going up 8 % since brexit , you need to temper that with the fact that the pound is down closer to 15 % against the global reserve currency . 
  therefore your 8 % gain is still a relative loss since gbp is lower . 
  until the currency comes back , billions in real wealth has still been lost . 
  you are entitled to your opinions , but it sounds like you are pining for some version of mercantilism to save ireland . 
  in today 's globalized world , small , high hdi countries like ireland need to play in the financial and global markets in order to exploit their comparative advantages . 
  educated workforce , developed infrastructure , english as first language , friendly culture to outsiders , common-law , etc. 
  it 's these advantages that ireland has that makes it more competitive than germany or france for us/n . a. 
  investment in europe . 
  why do you think that the indigenous economy would be healthier without fdi ? 
  look at the parts of england outside of london for an example of what that looks like . 
  i 'm confused - what jobs has brussels directly created in ireland lately ? 
  while you are correct that apple is n't some paragon of virtue , it 's also correct to say that because of the tax environment in ireland , they were able to locate their offices there and employ thousands of people who get paid a more competitive wage than many local firms pay . 
  that money from apple went directly into the local economy , which helped spur investment and building . 
   let 's see how much you like it when the tables are turned . 
  to show their displeasure with the eu ? 
  they 'd just locate more folks to their corporate hq in california , and branch offices in nyc , moscow , haifa , etc currently they have corporate offices in london , paris , cork , and stockholm within europe . 
  you are missing the key issue here though , which is that companies do not like uncertainty . 
  the eu ministry of competition just said that what apple legally did with ireland was illegal . 
  that 's a big step , and one that makes apple wonder what other things they currently do could be ruled illegal in the future . 
  the reason that the us has the biggest companies and the largest economy is more due to our legal system than anything about taxes , etc. 
  companies feel comfortable that they have stable contracts , agreements , etc that can be enforced in court . 
  if the eu suddenly starts making legal rulings that contradict national laws , it creates a toxic legal environment where companies can not forecast or predict their future liabilities . 
  this is business 101 . 
  you do n't have to like it , but simply getting outraged over the tax rate misses the point entirely . 
  based on what ? 
  apple can still operate in europe without employing anyone in europe ... that 's how international sales work . 
  you do n't need a physical office in a country in order to sell in that country . 
  exit the eu entirely ? 
  nobody is obligated to open offices in certain markets , and if the regulatory environment is n't favorable they can locate their head offices elsewhere . 
  it would just be a nominal shell company , but with no employees . 
  sure they 'd pay their taxes on sales , but they would n't employ anyone . 
  do n't mind all the non-irish redditors downvoting you , haha, 
  out of curiosity , are the thousands of people employed by apple in the eu important ? 
  then it 'll just be a disaster for ireland . 
  apple literally will net 0 out of their pocket for this ordeal . 
  if the pay the 14b to the eu , they write off 14b from their us taxes , and net zero overall . 
  ireland , on the other hand , gains that momentary windfall but watches as every foreign company with a similar arrangement runs for the exits . 
   first , the eu is a collection of a lot of very different interests . 
  to react fast to anything is hard . 
  very hard . 
  sounds like an argument against allowing a small part of that vast eu structure from determining tax laws across the whole union . 
  if they ca n't keep up or effectively monitor the whole situation , then they should n't be making rulings at all . 
  they should just make recommendations to the national tax authorities until they have the required power and staffing to monitor all eu member nations .
