  these matching contributions are super nice since you can max it out up to the cap , but generally only available to full time employees . 
  it 's also your account , so it can move with you to new companies . 
  hopefully that explains the difference between employee retirement plans and equity/option compensation . 
  good to know !, 
  definitely makes sense . 
  great !, 
  thanks for your reply . 
  one more thing - where i am most of the benefits that your company gives out ( retirement contributions , stock options , health insurance ( prob not an issue for you ) , company cars , pto , etc ) kick in only when you are a full-time employee . 
  what happens to your non-salary benefits when you stop working full-time ? 
  out of curiosity , is your payscale linear ? 
  in my country nearly all full-time skilled workers are salaried , which means that you get paid the same regardless of the hours you work , so long as you get all your work completed . 
  do you just tell your boss that you want to only work for 34 hours a week instead and your boss cuts your wage accordingly ? 
  how do you get promoted if you opt for that route ? 
  genuinely interested . 
  to be fair , most / r/politics commentators are also american . 
  it 's pretty much your duty as a citizen to call out the government on its bullshit . 
  this comedian does a very good job at showing a lot of hypocrisy and idiocy from the us . 
  my only issue is that he 's doing it in a language that the people who are being targeted are n't going to understand , plus in a setting where the audience is predominantly german . 
  the part of political comedy that i think is funny and interesting is when you lambast a target that can hear and see you . 
  see colbert 's speech at the white house correspondents dinner for a prime example . 
  he literally mocks bush to his face . 
  https://youtu.be/cwqzlgdc030 i 'd place this routine more on the cathartic side of the spectrum . 
  sure it 's fun to rip other people or countries every now and then , especially when they deserve it . 
  but it 's not really ballsy political comedy imo . 
  not everyone who speaks a language is going to be interested in the same programming . 
  that 's like saying everyone in spain regularly watches mexican tv shows ... 
  haha compared to the autobahn ? 
  this is n't the 60s - germany does n't have a monopoly on good highway design . 
  here 's i-70 - a free interstate that goes from baltimore to la. 
  this is a stretch in the middle of nowhere kansas : http://i.imgur.com/hz5rjvj.jpg here 's the autobahn : http://i.imgur.com/lruz57h.jpg no real differences at all . 
  oh right , because german roads are in perfect shape . 
   having started in milan , the bearded trucker with 40 years of experience at the wheel says the reason he 's behind schedule on his 1,500-kilometer ( 932-mile ) journey is the same reason as usual : german roads . 
   `` on some stretches of highway , the cracks in the road surface in the slow lane are so big that if you do n't reduce your speed they 'll rip the steering wheel from your hands , '' he says , parked up for the night at a truck-stop in burgholzhausen , 33 kilometers north of frankfurt on the a5 motorway . 
  `` i do n't get the feeling that everything that needs to be done is being done . ''  ...  over the past two decades , money spent by the government on roads , bridges , railways and public transport infrastructure has fallen in real terms or stagnated , while in the period 1991 to 2010 , the usage of the roads for passenger journeys increased by about 27 percent and freight by 75 percent , statistics published by the environment ministry and diw show . 
  as a result , the spending shortfall on upkeep of the transport network is running at about 4 billion euros as year , the diw says . 
   that 's causing fraying throughout . 
  according to a report prepared for the german parliament in january , 14 percent of the country 's 39,000 highway bridges are in a condition that could compromise traffic safety . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-09-18/merkel-budget-zeal-eroding-byways-as-german-infrastructure-rusts ), 
  i do n't think that it 's impossible to maintain by any stretch . 
  [ canada has a larger highway and road network than germany with less than half as many people . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_road_network_size ) you just have to allocate the money efficiently and plan ahead instead of cutting back via austerity and pushing highway and bridge repairs further down the road . 
  it only gets more expensive the longer you wait . 
  well i 'd hope that the brits were heavily involved - it was staged mostly from their island , haha . 
  i understand that there was a big division of command and i 'm not trying to take away from any other country 's involvement . 
  i just replied specifically to the assertion that it was n't an american-led operation . 
  although re-reading your post you actually said that it was `` mainly an american operation '' , in which case it 's not as cut and dry . 
  cheers . 
  want to know how many children we killed in vietnam and cambodia ? 
  i 'll be willing to bet that the number you posted is less than a fraction of a percent of the number killed during the vietnam war . 
  you are correct - i 'm an unabashed patriot for example ... when i say that i love america , i literally love this country . 
  every day around lunch i turn off fox news and i go outside and kiss the ground because i love this damn place so much . 
  this guy using sarcasm above is just another phony who does n't love american and the american flag . 
  get the fuck out of here - this thread is only for anti-american europeans who are n't interested in things like `` facts '' or `` historical accuracy '' ... they ca n't accept that the us actually did something that was n't in their self interest . 
  because , you know , nazi germany was totally an imminent threat to the people of iowa or new york or california . 
  that 's why the us sent millions of soldiers and spent billions of dollars on the war . 
  because we were literally fighting in our backyard and had no other choice . 
  yep , totally how it went . 
   lets for example take d-day . 
  many people think that mainly was an american operation . 
  well , it was n't . 
  dwight d. eisenhower was * the * supreme allied commander for operation overlord . 
  it was , by definition , an american-led operation . 
  you really ca n't argue with history . 
  edit : i guess you * can * downvote history though , haha, 
  it 's a simple issue of governance . 
  if your opinions are n't going to be held by an outright majority of people in your country , you 'll need to compromise . 
  in the us , candidates essentially form coalitions prior to the election - they are referred to as [ `` big tent '' parties . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_tent ) even if the us magically adopted a parliamentary system like germany 's overnight , there would n't be a lot of socialists or green representatives , so they 'd have to go into a coalition with other left-leaning parties , maybe made up of pro-union parties , pro-marriage equality parties , anti-gun parties , pro-immigration , and education parties , etc etc until you have a grand coalition that you might as well call `` the democratic party '' . 
  the same thing happens with reps on the right side the spectrum as well . 
  it 's really not as big of a problem - the issue comes from special senate rules that allow the minority parties to stop confirmations and block legislation . 
  it needs to be fixed . 
  overall though , the system has its merits . 
  the defacto language along the border with mexico and in major californian cities is n't clear-cut like you say . 
  there are millions of native spanish speakers who have lived there for generations . 
  i really do n't have a problem with it - we are all americans no matter what language we speak . 
  you were in miami though - the vast majority of people there speak spanish as well as english . 
  you do n't even need to know much english to live there . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  the us does n't have an official language . 
  wait hang on , you tax groceries ?? 
  where i live in the us , all grocery and food items are exempt from sales tax , as well as clothing and medical supplies . 
  i just figured that was common sense to avoid taxing poor people disproportionately ... 
  yankee go home !, 
  i do n't think that any of the protests in the us have been deadly . 
  additionally , that `` property '' was a priceless monument that has been there for centuries . 
  [ ca n't see the haters from our private golf course ...  ] ( http://static.ddmcdn.com/gif/blogs/6a00d8341bf67c53ef016300e0d425970d-800wi.jpg ), 
  [ all other countries are run by little girls !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvzxvubqerk ), 
  well we are all on an american website ... using an american web browser ... using a computer with an american os and american designed chipset , taiwanese components , all built and assembled in china . 
  i do n't even think that there is such thing as a computer made in europe . 
  somehow i feel like rioting in support of your constitutional rights is far more noble and respectable than , say , [ rioting over a soccer match and destroying ancient artifact in rome in the process ] ( http://screamer.deadspin.com/dutch-soccer-hooligans-running-wild-clashing-with-riot-1686778357 ) . 
   fey was born in upper darby , pennsylvania . 
  . .  tina fey is greek too wait ... hang on do i get to call myself german now ??? 
  time to change mah flair !, 
  and now we are back to paramilitary and camouflage , thus proving that pretty much every country has task forces that dress this way when conducting special domestic operations . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most of your fellow countrymen and women would not want to have your own version of the westboro baptist church protesting victim 's funerals with signs that say `` thank god for dead dutch passengers '' after the recent airline crash . 
  [ that 's exactly what wbc does after any major national tragedy . 
  ] ( http://cdn.idigitaltimes.com/sites/idigitaltimes.com/files/2014/08/28/2012/12/16/4102.jpg ) are you totally okay with them showing up to funerals and chanting stuff like that in your country ? 
  free speech protects them all the same in the us , but just like drawing mohammed as a rapist , it 's still pretty inflammatory and does n't really contribute to civil society . 
  shhh shhh . . remember that we control everything ; it makes it much easier to deflect blame away from european politicians and governments since they obviously were forced by secret us suits to comply .
