  way to miss the point entirely . 
  art is completely subjective , and really anything that people specifically design or frame can be considered art . 
  hell , literally building a giant frame on a hill is art . 
  you do n't get to define it , the dictionary ca n't define it , nobody gets to define it . 
  you can certainly disagree , but the fact is that it is not open for comments or voting . 
  if something is art to its creator or observer , it is art . 
  the us does not kill black people from africa any more than we kill asian or european immigrants . 
  by and large , first generation immigrants from africa and just as successful and law-abiding as any other immigrant group , and perform well in school . 
  the statics for `` black '' violence and incarceration rates come from the african-american and afro-caribbean community that has been historically disenfranchised for generations and subject to jim-crow laws that have left their neighborhoods and communities struggling in a terrible spiral . 
  if you are a first/second-gen immigrant from nigeria or kenya or east africa you will actually do very well in the us . 
  see our president for example . 
  hey europe , this is your bed that you 've made . 
  looks like you 'll have to put up with putin sleeping in it . 
  people do realize that while the us fighting russia would/should never happen due to nuclear theory , there is nothing to prevent smaller nations from battling against russia on the ground . 
  it 's not like russia is going to launch a nuclear attack against poland or germany , but both of those countries would be very capable at repelling a russian mechanized invasion of ukraine as long as they acted independently of nato ( aka , leaving the us out of it ) . 
  hell , they can even pretend to be ukrainian just like the russians are doing . 
  so what do you say ? 
  you want to fight for your continent ? 
  or are you satisfied with russia invading your neighbors because you do n't want to rock the boat ? 
  at the end of the day , the us should not be leading the sanctions or criticism against russia - it should be europe taking the lead . 
  i 'd say that russia would be overestimating their power in that scenario . 
  every other non-aligned nation in eastern europe would likely join nato in the event of a russian invasion of kiev . 
  all russia really wants is to control a trade bloc . 
  they wo n't risk unifying nato to get there , but they 'll act like it . 
  and that 's a perfectly fine policy as well . 
  they should have therefore never committed to sanctions and instead made de-escalation their policy all along . 
  they 've done themselves no favors by starting out strong and aggressive and then backing down when their economy starts to feel it . 
  a few things : first , this is about the rebels in eastern ukraine , not about crimea . 
  that place is long gone . 
  second , you enact sanctions to get your opponent to come to the bargaining table ready to make a deal . 
  they are meant to force the hand . 
  germany now appears to be going to russia 's table , which does n't make sense . 
  negotiating from a position of power is classic advice . 
  third , russia is n't facing an existential threat here , and germany standing strong does n't box putin into a corner . 
  they can still easily save face if necessary , but it 's not required that the germans capitulate in the process . 
  finally , if you understand game theory you would be very well aware of the concept of credible threats . 
  this entire post is how credible threats are necessary for any bargaining game . 
  first off , for any analysis to be worth its salt , we need to agree on the status quo . 
  russia is currently invading and has already annexed part of the sovereign country of ukraine . 
  this is an unprecedented international `` crime '' and failure to respond with sufficient power will forever shift the balance of power between europe and moscow . 
  with that said , german policy needs to be two things : * 1 ) consistent * 2 ) unambiguous merkel should ** unambiguously ** denounce the aggression in ukraine , and make it clear that there will not be a return to `` business as usual '' until the russians withdraw from the border and stop supplying aid across the border . 
  she needs to stop having her cake ( denouncing ) and eat it too ( continuing to support private trade deals between germany and russia ) . 
  true , it is going to hurt the economy , but once you start you need to stay ** consistent . 
  ** by tempering earlier statements , going back on certain agreements , showing a lack of resolve , and second-guessing the impacts of sanctions , merkel decreases the credibility of the current action , and also ruins the ability to react `` tougher '' in the future . 
  no matter what the course of action was , changing it only weakens the outcome and strengthens putin 's hand . 
  these two things would strengthen europe 's stance against russia , help give other countries a strong leadership figure to rally behind , and prevent further deterioration in eu-russian relations because it shows that negotiations will not happen until russia gives up their ambitions in ukraine . 
  russia is going to bleed dry first , and the definitely need someone to sell energy to ( the chinese have been taking advantage of the situation to lock in deep discounts ) , so time is on germany 's side . 
  by changing or redefining their stance though , germany is undermining the entire european response to russia . 
  this is the game theory solution to the problem , but it also makes a lot of practical sense . 
  you do n't even need to have chosen the perfect policy ( maybe we just need russia to leave the border , not stop arming the rebels ) but you need to have credible enforcement for it to work . 
  germany seems to be losing credibility fast . 
  you missed the part of the article where she talks about opening up relations and business deals again with russia . 
  when you just announce sanctions less than a month ago , it is indeed quite an about-face to then talk about detente . 
  spineless is a word that could be used there . 
   we already learned our lessons . 
  the us will eventually learn . 
  i can but hope it wo n't happen in your lifetime - that will be ugly . 
  the us learned an equally painful lesson about * deflation * during the great depression , and took away from that the idea that we should never let deflation take hold again . 
  the best rate is around 2 % inflation . 
  the us will never see hyperinflation in our lifetimes - there are too many checks to prevent anything like that happening . 
  deflation , on the other hand , is a very real risk for the eurozone and something that you should be very , very wary of . 
  it will destroy your continent if you do not take it seriously , and you only have 0.4 % left before complete stagnation . 
  i 'd be yelling from the rooftops if i were you . 
  it does show a lack of spine from the germans however . 
  think of what the reaction would be if obama said these same things ? 
  the us and the eu have all sanctioned russia , saying that we all resolve to take a firm stand against aggression . 
  then all of a sudden obama comes along and starts talking about how it would n't be the end of the world if we let ukraine slip back into russia 's hands and then talked about how we need to be friends with russia again . 
  people would be confused and outraged , and you can bet that there would be dozens of op-eds penned about his indecisive and ruinous foreign policy . 
  basically , germany has started to get scared by their recent abysmal economic news , and merkel especially needs to see the economy pick up pace because if this quarter is another decline , germany will be back in technical recession - not a good omen for her approval ratings . 
  a new resumption of trade with russia will likely avoid recession this quarter , at the cost of throwing ukraine under the bus . 
  actually , income inequality was about the same or even higher in the 1930s : [ source ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0f/share_top_1_percent.jpg ) additionally , the us unemployment rate was mostly contained between 15 and 20 % for the decade . 
  [ source ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/58/us_unemployment_1910-1960.gif ) so i do n't necessarily agree that the conditions are that far off today from what they were in the 30s . 
  the ez needs to confront the reality that they are stuck in first gear until the whole continent either gets saved by an external force ( surging us economy ? ), 
  or they devalue their currency and do a hard-reset of their tariffs and trade policies to encourage greater investment and capital flows . 
  europe could easily be the promise land for investment - great infrastructure , educated workers , safe cities , etc - but it 's all for nothing if companies ca n't make the math work to justify investment . 
  sad but unfortunately true . 
  do you understand what i meant by `` glass houses '' ? 
   i know you guys are sensible but this inability to take outside criticism is really annoying . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable to criticize all you want when the issue impacts your country , like with the nsa or the us `` war on terror '' . 
  those are super valid and impact europe directly . 
  however , missouri and the protests really are n't relevant to any of the countries in europe , and nobody singled out european journalists anymore than middle eastern or domestic journalists . 
  americans in general are keenly aware of the issues in our country , and we really do n't appreciate people from other countries chiming in on purely domestic matters . 
  international affairs ? 
  totally fair game . 
  but not domestic politics . 
  you 'd certainly feel the same way if tons of americans were constantly following and picking apart domestic issues in austria , would n't you ? 
  the other and more important reason is that there are tons of other subs where you can go to criticize in us - / r/news / r/politics , etc. 
  it 's just an organizational thing , and it 's not as fun when all europe wants to talk about is domestic american politics . 
  ps : i was in austria last month !, 
  beautiful country - wish i could have spent more time there . 
  but it 's not like the us is a safe haven for racists either !, 
  my point is that you only hear about the bad things in international news - you wo n't hear about the tens of millions of interactions daily between races in the us that are cordial , polite and friendly . 
  i guess i interpreted his comment to not literally mean that `` europe '' has it 's own shameful things , but rather the countries , cities , history , etc contained within europe have been shameful at times . 
  for instance , when we say that the us has a shameful history , it 's usually about specific states , incidents , laws , and events that were all contained within the country . 
  basically it 's a semantic difference . 
  for instance . 
  the dutch have a pretty shameful history when it comes to the balkans crisis in the 90s . 
  thankfully the dutch are painfully aware of this incident and everyone can agree it was n't the greatest time to be dutch . 
  it 's not really feasible though to make a blanket statement if i have to list every country within europe in my statement . 
  so basically i agree , but i think that for most non-europeans we tend to shorten the member countries into `` europe '' for the sake of referencing the core states .
