  what sch\u00e4uble did yesterday was what we call winning the battle and losing the war . 
  all that happened was greece getting access to yet another round of debt in order to pay off existing debt , more austerity , and very few growth strategies . 
  it 's idiotic to any macroeconomist , and it 's going to create even larger problems in the next few years . 
  the real issue though is that sch\u00e4uble and his creditor caudre poisoned the well of european integration over something so small . 
  myopic does n't even come close to describing this action . 
  thatsthejoke.jpg although i wo n't blame you if you are n't laughing . 
  i honestly do n't mind if young kids come to the us - sure they did n't play by the rules but it 's not like they are taking advantage of retirement funds or something . 
  i happen to know quite a few migrants from east asia who are now successful doctors and lawyers and artists who started their lives in complete poverty trying to escape the oppressive regimes in cambodia and vietnam . 
  one friend in particular boarded a boat with his two siblings but his mother could n't make it on - ended up becoming a us refugee and was able to attend school and become a successful immigration attorney today . 
  basically my point is that kids , no matter where they are from , have a ton of potential to be productive members of society . 
  we are better off overall for helping them , even if it may not seem `` fair '' to those who are paying for the system . 
  lol the initial invasion lasted like 72 hours . 
  occupation is entirely different . 
  additionally , the us handed over control to the iraqi military - it was n't a retreat in any form . 
  iraq had pretty decent weapons and a very large military but they only lasted a few hours . 
  the us military in full invasion mode is op . 
  the difference being that the us scrapped the articles of confederation in favor of the much more effective constitution after just 11 years ... 
  fyi this article is from two weeks ago . 
  additionally , it 's a huge stretch to claim that the us government is only intervening because of some bets that hedge funds have made . 
  the us is intervening because they want a stable europe , and they 've seen that austerity is n't working for greece . 
  which is really funny because almost nobody talks about europe here in the states , unless its to show off vacation pictures . 
  we truly do n't care unless it 's about russia or the british royal family . 
  yeah do n't get me wrong , it 's mostly about making the right connections and getting good internships , but that 's the case with pretty much every major . 
  i just do n't like the blanket statements about how x major is worthless , because majors like ir teach you a ton . 
  writing , communication , history , politics , languages , culture , military strategy , economics - they are all usually required for an ir degree . 
  that background makes you very valuable to a multinational corporation . 
  much more so than a student who only studied `` business '' for their undergrad in my humble opinion . 
  i have a number of close friends who graduated with degrees in international relations between 2010 and 2013 ( aka not the best economic times ) . 
  they are universally making between $ 40k and $ 90k in consulting and analysis for policy firms . 
  not bad for being in your early 20s . 
  it 's far from a useless major - you just need to go to a good school , study your ass off , and use your professors and internships to get you where you want to be . 
  it 's actually a very rewarding major if you go beyond just the required classwork - op do n't let these people get you down . 
  if you are n't at a top school , mix in another major like stats or business to supplement it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand completely why the average german voter would n't want to change the system . 
  it 's working fine right now for them and it 's hard not to feel protected against risk when greece does n't have any way of directly hurting the german economy . 
  without urgency or a crisis it 's very hard to pass proactive reform . 
  just the nature of the democratic process . 
  that 's why the legislature should be the ones stepping up to push the issue . 
  aka if the germans wanted to be real leaders , they would have proposed reforms to the euro . 
  it 's incomplete and will continue to cause crisis after crisis until fixed . 
  ignoring the systemic issue and blaming the troubles on greek ethics is just like burying your head in the sand . 
  europe deserves leadership that actually sees the long term picture . 
  probably because germany 's leadership during this crisis has been terrible . 
  i mean , this whole episode is over a country that has a smaller gdp than louisiana . 
  if the germans were actually pragmatic they would have simply come to a calm solution , made a few concessions to get the deal done without animosity , and avoided this whole fiasco . 
  louisiana already receives about $ 1.40 back from the federal government for every $ 1.00 they send to washington . 
  people in rich states do n't complain because it 's just the price we pay for a stable union . 
  germans are acting like it 's a huge moral hazard to send greece any more money when instead it 's just how real unions with a common currency must operate . 
  if germany truly believes in the dream of closer european integration , they 'd treat all members of the eu with dignity . 
  obama does n't insult mississippi residents for being lazy and poor relative to the hard working people in massachusetts . 
  germany , instead of actually being a leader in the currency zone , made the situation into a huge moral debate that is fracturing the continent . 
  it 's the opposite of leadership to get sucked into the twitter battles and media statements when instead you should be mediating and not taking sides . 
  all companies are worth a multiple of their revenue and assets , so if you wanted to completely buy apple , you would have to likely pay close to $ 1 trillion to do so , since you are ( hopefully ) buying years of revenue . 
  so basically if apple wanted to pay off greece 's debt they could easily do it , since the $ 300 billion in greek debt would n't be due all at once , but instead due in installments of around $ 30 billion a year , which apple could pay in cash annually . 
  1 ) the us has spent hundreds of billions since wwii to keep the soviets/russia out of western europe . 
  2 ) the us already has given billions of taxpayer money to greece via the imf 3 ) russia is currently invading a european country so it 's hardly fear mongering . 
  who is to say that he 's not calling on behalf of nato to express strategic concerns instead of economic concerns ? 
  turning a nato member into a failed state in such a strategic location is a really , really bad move . 
  apple 's market cap is over $ 760 billion , and many analysts expect them to exceed $ 1 trillion soon . 
  greek debt is spaced out over decades , so you ca n't compare current assets to debt that matures over decades . 
  i mean , i 'd vote yes - it would be so awesome to have a beautiful vacation spot with ancient history all around !, 
  also having greeks voting for the us president would be hilarious, 
  considering that apple inc. could buy greece 's debt three times over and still have cash to burn , i 'm fairly confident that the us federal government would n't even notice that it was gone . 
  the 2011 amendment basically was . 
  yeah the us monetary policy post-2007 has been pretty spot-on . 
  the ecb needs to adopt a dual-mandate in my opinion , because right now they are only targeting inflation instead of worrying about unemployment . 
  aka they do n't really have a mandate to fix anything in the wider economy , although then you can get into an endless discussion over sovereignty if the ecb gets too aggressive . 
  the 2011 reform to the stability and growth pact was most certainly an emergency measure to help quell fears after the 2010 european sovereign debt crisis . 
  the original pact was long ignored by large states like france and germany , which set a terrible precedent and contributed to the 2010 crisis , therefore fast reform was necessary to keep the crisis under control . 
  those are emergency measures , not actual reforms to the currency architecture . 
  it 's called foreshadowing - the eurogroup has done nothing to reform the actual mechanics of the euro , so this slow-motion disaster will keep occurring in the coming years until they finally address the systemic issues of having common monetary policy for countries with independent fiscal policies . 
   it was n't a man trying to provide a better life for his family , but a state . 
  since most of the media likes using metaphors about `` maxing out credit cards '' , `` greeks living beyond their means '' and `` buying only what you can afford '' i felt like i 'd put it in these terms as well . 
  it 's clearly different on a sovereign level , but it does n't stop most of the creditor nations from using personal finance terms to chastise the greeks . 
  and that 's why monetary policy is too important to be left to the politicians directly . 
  the best part about the us fed is its autonomy ... we all see clearly now the flaws in the ecb since it is incredibly politicized . 
   if we keep ~ ~ greece ~ ~ ~ ~ * spain * ~ ~ italy alive in the euro , itll only be a matter of time before we have the same discussion again , the difference in culture and economic strength are just too great to work well in a single currency, 
  and yet billions of dollars of investment from european banks and funds poured into greece throughout the 00s . 
  who is the bigger idiot , the man who takes a ludicrous loan to provide a better life for his family now , or the bank that gives an absurd loan to someone they know has no assets and will not be able to pay ? 
   today , startup leaders we spoke to estimate that the netherlands sees more than 100 deals of under $ 500,000 a year , and all indications are that these transactions will only continue to flourish . 
  through the first quarter of 2015 , 33 dutch companies had raised more than $ 88 million ... 
  i do n't have the current figures , but the boston area did roughly $ 785 million in venture funding per quarter in 2013 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.betaboston.com/news/2014/04/06/boston-suddenly-finds-itself-the-states-tech-startup-capital/ ) . 
  boston also had less than a third of the population of the netherlands . 
  while i think that it 's cool that it 's growing in the netherlands , i do n't really understand the title at all . 
  the current greek government is not responsible for the decade worth of debt and poor policy on both sides that has brought us here today . 
  also , who cares if you trust them ? 
  just write off their loans as losses , keep them in the union , and the crisis is fixed . 
  they already have brought their discretionary spending into sustainable territory - it 's their loan repayments that are causing them to default . 
  remove the loan repayments and their government finances actually look pretty decent all things considered . 
  once again , the amount of money needed to do that is n't high at all . 
  it 's interesting how casual observers here in the states are starting to consider europe to be a basket case , when just a few years ago it was the us that was all messed up . 
  you sound like you 'd fit in perfectly in america . 
  personal accountability is a large component of `` american '' culture . 
  obama clearly stated this week that puerto rico is not getting any type of bailout . 
  they are n't a state , and they are far poorer than any us state by quite a ways . 
  the us is n't saving private industry that invested in pr . 
  that 's the official policy and it 's been communicated pretty clearly . 
  the truth is that the eu and western europe is willing to sacrifice decades of progress and truly impressive integration over debt that apple could pay off five times over . 
  it 's incredibly myopic in my opinion , especially since it shows a distinct lack of trust in a historically important member state .
