  it 's pretty admirable and a great example . 
  maybe things are worse today , but the hope is that in a decade things will be better . 
  think about japan in 1945 vs 1955 , or vietnam in 1978 vs 1988 . 
  things do change , and often for the better these days . 
  read my comment again - that 's the point i was making . 
  europe by itself is vulnerable , but with nato included ( aka the us and friends ) it is completely safe . 
  yeah , there 's a funny gap there for sure . 
  i would n't say being destitute in the us is great by any means though - on paper it sounds okay but many people who qualify as bottom 10 % have a lot of issues going on in their lives that prevents them from moving up , such as mental health or drug addictions or belonging to a community that keeps them in a downward cycle of poverty . 
  it 's a very tough system to escape from , but it is certainly very possible if you have the right attitude . 
  the hard part though is abandoning your friends and family to move out of your city and start a new life . 
  it 's much easier said than done . 
  basically , america is pretty much the wild west . 
  in the same neighborhood in chicago you can grow up to be the president of the united states , or gunned down in the gutter by a rival gang . 
  hey , [ sometimes coming together against wbc is a community bonding experience !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bva4szqmpmm ), 
   i 'm not much of an armchair general , but the distance between eu nato countries and russia is a lot less than that between the us and russia well ... [ yes and no . 
  ] ( http://www.heritage.org/~/media/images/reports/2012/07/sr%20111/sreuropeanbasingmap1750px.ashx ) basically the us keeps a big-ass standing army in europe for this very reason . 
  over 70,000 us troops are stationed in the eu , which the majority stationed in germany ( 40,000 ) . 
  factor in the naval presence in the mediterranean ( the sixth fleet : up to 40 ships , 175 aircraft and 21,000 people ) and various other groups in the north atlantic under united states european command ( useucom ) and you have a fairly capable force that 's right next to russia . 
  on a side note , it 's pretty strange/fascinating to see the us military have different command zones over sovereign countries . 
  here 's the [ whole world map if you are interested . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_european_command#mediaviewer/file:unified_combatant_commands_map.png ), 
  i 'm fairly sure that the engineers at boeing already tested it and deemed it acceptable . 
  plus , in-flight wi-fi is great !, 
  do many european airlines have it yet ? 
  the key difference here though is that you can not throw all those european fighter jets and spending together into a blender and come out with a unified , coordinated force . 
  all european countries rely on the us for aerial refueling , most countries would need to use forward air force bases and the maintenance crews would n't exist to keep the planes in the air , the command and control could be created independent of nato , but it would n't have much time to train with the new capability gaps . 
  russia on the other hand may be a smaller force but it is trained and ready to work together . 
  it 's sort of like how a premier league team would beat a world cup team - sure there is incredible talent on a national team like germany or brazil , but a top cl or pl squad that is natural at playing together will have the advantage . 
  in the us the standard unemployment benefits is 40-50 % of your previous wage . 
  so even if you were just making minimum wage you 'd get roughly $ 700 - $ 800 a month . 
  you can also qualify for food stamps : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supplemental_nutrition_assistance_program and medicaid ( free health insurance ) if you stay in the bottom tier for a while . 
   the problem for poor americans is n't that their lives are comparatively horrible , it 's that they can become horrible if they get unlucky . 
  if you get injured badly for example , the medical costs will destroy your finances overnight . 
  not true : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medicaid  medicaid in the united states is a social health care program for families and individuals with low income and resources . 
  the health insurance association of america describes medicaid as a `` government insurance program for persons of all ages whose income and resources are insufficient to pay for health care . '', 
  ( america 's health insurance plans ( hiaa ) , pg . 
  medicaid is the largest source of funding for medical and health-related services for people with low income in the united states . 
  coverage : http://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid-chip-program-information/by-topics/benefits/medicaid-benefits.html basically it 's the middle-income americans who make too much money to qualify for medicaid , but too little to afford a comprehensive insurance plan , who get stuck with the crazy bills . 
  and yes , tons of low-income households in the us have cars , appliances , tvs , etc. 
  i think the point though is that you would n't need to spend your entire week at work to get that extra 240 euros . 
  basically , you can either get 240 extra euros , or 40 extra hours per week . 
  i know which one i 'd choose . 
   oh please !, 
  the russians would be destroyed in any war with europe . 
  no , russia would roll over europe if they fought individual countries . 
  nobody individually in europe comes close to russia 's military projection and training , except maaybe france/uk . 
  poland would fight well , but russia 's military has been geared to fight the united states , thus they have highly advanced aa and air power that would make quick work of most air forces . 
  now , if russia tried to fight nato , then i 100 % agree they 'd get destroyed . 
  but that 's a different command and control authority than `` europe '' . 
  just a reminder that the capability gap is very real right now in european militaries . 
  most have failed to invest enough to keep up with more warlike nations such as the us and russia . 
   the minister 's clumsy call for volunteers is not the only cause for embarrassment . 
  there is also the fact that 22 navy helicopters are either out of action or not fully operational . 
  this means that germany is endangering the success of the anti-piracy mission off the horn of africa in which those helicopters should be taking part . 
  and there 's more : the un recently returned two german transall planes , saying the oldtimers were not suited for the mission in mali , it had been decided to lease transport planes from ghana instead . 
  i understand that military readiness is a dirty word for a country that has dutifully absolved itself from military intervention ( which most of us will admit was a good thing during the rest of the 20th century ) , but you still have to maintain your fleet !, 
  the us spends hundreds of billions annually on maintenance and repair , often repairing , flying , repairing again without any actual military action , because it is crucial that equipment be ready at a moment 's notice . 
  yes it 's super expensive , and generally a waste of money , but when there 's a disaster or earthquake it 's awesome to have functioning helicopters and ships to provide aid immediately . 
  i hear you . 
  i think though that the us manufacturing industry tends to sell to us clients ( think oil and gas , cars , windmills , airplanes , military , etc ) so the rise in currency wo n't have a net effect on domestic demand . 
  it will make inputs cheaper ( chinese steel , rare metals , etc ) as well . 
  it will hurt sales of finished products on the international market . 
  it will also , however , make the purchase of raw goods from international sources cheaper . 
  energy costs are the bigger factor in driving manufacturing re-shoring for the us . 
  [ tons of german manufacturers are building plants in the us to take advantage of cheap natural gas costs ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/natural-gas-boom-attracting-manufacturing-us-overseas-take-advantage-cheaper-fuel-1582512 ) , as are many us companies who previously moved their production abroad . 
  the economics of whether to build a plant rely far more on the 10-year energy and labor projections vs the expected exchange rate ( which is always going to be volatile ) . 
  that 's my opinion anyway . 
  honestly though qe and aggressive action might restore some confidence in the euro , which will halt the slide against the dollar . 
  you have to realize that `` printing money '' a la qe does n't lead to inflation . 
  if it did , the us and the uk would both see high rates of inflation , but both countries are actually still below the inflation target . 
  mm , i do n't think that the us economy is as dependent on exports as , say , germany or china . 
  exports are certainly a big thing , but the us 's relative strength is its consumer sector . 
  strengthening dollar value will make everyone a bit richer , leading to more consumer activity . 
  add in the fact that energy is staying cheap and you have a pretty decent outlook . 
  the race to the bottom currency trope ignores the flip side of how strong currencies are good for domestic purchasing . 
  it 's also due to the fact that the usd is on a huge strengthening streak right now - it has gained vs all 30 + major currencies this month . 
  i think this may be going over your head , but you are referring to your fellow countrymen/women as outsiders when you call them `` them and they '' . 
  if you want to understand why `` they '' feel rejected by society , perhaps it 's the fact that it 's ingrained in your head that `` they '' will always be outsiders . 
   and in my opinion forbidding and organization is not nearly as bad as , i do n't now , lets say . .  ... putting someone in jail for at least 5 years because he says `` let 's kill the president '' [ 6 ]  ... destroying hard-drives of journalist because of `` national security '' i do n't think you have any high ground on this one bud - the united states has a far stronger record for protecting hate speech and allowing anyone and everyone their right to say whatever batshit crazy things they want . 
  you can dress up as hitler and march around , wave isis flags , whatever you want and you wo n't go to jail for it . 
  as for your examples : 1 ) the only people convicted have been people who have made explicit death threats . 
  if you say that you are going to kill anyone , and the police think that you are serious , you can be arrested for assault . 
  assault of a federal official is a felony . 
  seems pretty consistent , no ? 
  2 ) the editors of the guardian destroyed their own hard drives in london . 
  the government did n't physically destroy anything . 
  who knows what the terms or conditions were ? 
  poor example . 
  you do realize that circumcision is n't just a jewish thing , right ? 
  the majority of american males are circumcised , and the majority of american males definitely are n't jewish . 
  i 'll accept this as an explanation , but the us stands out as a glaring juxtaposition - if we go by per capita gdp adjusted for ppp , the us is almost at parity with norway ( 57,645 vs 57,158 ) and ahead of sweden by quite a ways ( 44,142 ) . 
  the us is in many ways very different from what you 've described above - tons of very different cultures , 310 million people , lots of immigrants , expensive education , medium to low trust levels in business , etc. 
  not saying that this invalidates sweden 's success in any way , but it does show that there is n't a universal path to national wealth . 
  the us built its wealth through natural resources , entrepreneurship , geography , free society , and human capital via immigration and top-notch higher education . 
  basically my point is that the nordic model is awesome for scandinavia , but it is n't necessary the only template for success . 
  it does tend to be much more equitable in wealth distribution though , which is something that the us system lacks . 
  i tend to agree with you , but that 's just how progress works of course . 
  early bombs hand-dropped from bi-planes probably seemed stupid at the time , but now nobody questions aerial bombing tactics . 
  the other thing is that they 've already built the laser and it can shoot down drones : http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2013/04/08/future-is-now-navy-to-deploys-lasers-on-ships-in-2014/,
