  is n't that the entire point of democracy ? 
  that people looking out for themselves will lose in elections to people that work together ? 
  there is also the idea of a political heigarchy to solve these types of questions . 
  but we should always have elected officials deciding policy . 
  what if the city experts want to build it in an environmentally sensitive piece of land ? 
  what if the city citizens band together to try and stop it ? 
  are you saying that some community decisions are just too important to be left to the community ? 
  this whole thread starting with the french poster 's assertion that the eu membership is too important to be left to a popular vote just smacks of elitism ... 
  if you as an elected representative do n't trust your citizens , maybe you should n't be representing them . 
  the proper way to do this is by allowing any referendums ( that meet the threshold ) to occur , and then educate voters and have all political parties or factions come together to oppose it . 
  it will cause the referendum to fail , and also will let people see that they live in a community that does n't support leaving the eu . 
  this reduces extremism and helps people focus on other things . 
  plus , if you ca n't get all the political parties united in opposition , perhaps the vote has merits after all . 
  but if you make a vote to leave the eu illegal , you are encouraging all sorts of people to band together and create a real political mess . 
  you really ca n't half-ass democracy . 
  pretty sure that the french were partly to blame for vietnam . 
  desert storm was because iraq gassed kurds and invaded kuwait , and the iraq war was a bad idea that still got rid of a pretty brutal dictator that many people in iraq despised . 
  what about kosovo ? 
  or bosnia ? 
  you can certainly voice your opposition to american foreign policy - that is your right and is often pertinent . 
  but throwing criticism from the sidelines while enjoying the benefits of the global hegemon can understandably rub some americans the wrong way . 
  yeah man , the french saved the government officials who were loyal to the colonial government and enlisted their friends the americans to help them kill off the nationalists by appealing to the us 's cold war hysteria about containing communism . 
  ho chi minh went to paris and petitioned the government to support a peaceful transition away from the colonial government , but was ignored by the french . 
  he then appealed to wilson , but was turned down partly due to french outcry . 
  he loved america initially and admired the american founding fathers , but the west sided with colonial powers . 
  the rest was basically the french getting their asses handed to them , transferring responsibility for the conflict to the americans , and then leaving dodge before all the kids got napalmed . 
  just like the french fucked up the near east with sykes-picot and created the foundation of the modern conflict in syria , israel and palestine . 
  or look at the issues in french colonies in africa !, 
  really glad that they are all still doing great . 
  the legacy of colonisation is dark and brutal , and while i 'm glad that the current citizens of laos and vietnam get free education , it 's just a fig leaf to point to when this issue is raised . 
  i have family friends that escaped south vietnam on the last boats away - separated from their families for decades . 
  they are doing very well now in the us , but i think that we are all in agreement that it was a brutal conflict with no clear `` good guys '' . 
  everyone involved fucked up , and the french are not exempt . 
  because white , majority-christian european countries totally did n't blow themselves up and kill tens of millions of people twice in the past century ... nope no problems at all there . 
   sadly this craps is an import from the us . 
  sorry , i do n't follow . 
  please explain ? 
  in my opinion the us ca n't be compared to europe on this issue since the muslim-american community in the us is smaller and much more integrated in general . 
  edit : or do n't explain and just downvote ? 
  i do n't know , it 's not like many people use it and the vast majority of college student would n't need or seek out that type of space . 
  if someone wanted to make it because she thought there was a need for it , then more power to her . 
  it 's brown university - know for being one of the most liberal of the ivy leagues - but also a very prestigious university nonetheless . 
  their acceptance rate is 8 % , so the students there definitely had to do some serious work to get in . 
  [ always nice to see the us-poland love ] ( http://l1.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/fuoqrw1dcohjmznjb65vlg--/yxbwawq9ew5ld3m7zmk9zmlsbdtopty3ndtpbd1wbgfuzttwew9mzj0wo3e9nzu7dz05nja-/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/news/ap_webfeeds/3867f23a5dc6aa0d710f6a7067007874.jpg ), 
  true , but they are built to fly everyday and have a potentially unlimited range via air refueling . 
  if a war broke out where they are needed , you can bet that they would be expected to fly daily without problems , otherwise the air force would n't keep them around . 
  pretty good for a plane that was stopped being built in the early 60s . 
  i think that plenty of people have valid reasons to hate the us . 
  that said , a comment about this issue from a french flair is pretty rich . 
  to be fair though , the b-52 has served through wars in which it did fly every day , sometimes multiple times a day , plus got shot at . 
   from 1964 to 1973 , as part of the secret war operation conducted during the vietnam war , the us military dropped 260 million cluster bombs -- about 2.5 million tons of munitions -- on laos over the course of 580,000 bombing missions . 
  this is equivalent to a planeload of bombs being unloaded every eight minutes , 24 hours a day , for nine years -- nearly seven bombs for every man , woman and child living in laos . 
  it is more than all the bombs dropped on europe throughout world war ii , leaving laos , a country approximately the size of utah , with the unfortunate distinction of being the most heavily bombed country in history . 
  [ source ] ( http://legaciesofwar.org/resources/books-documents/land-of-a-million-bombs/ ), 
  sometimes for people to listen you have to speak a language that they understand . 
  putin is all about military machismo , for a lack of a better term , so showing that the us is ready to play that game might not be the worst idea . 
  plus , [ the us has a history of doing that sort of thing too ... ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/missouri-flyover.jpg ), 
  here is the current us army ( note : just army , not naval or air force units ) that are in europe : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/us_army_europe_orbat.png the us army europe still has around 30,000 troops , not counting any new movements since 2013 . 
  i am well informed about my own country 's shortfalls , that 's why i mentioned it . 
  let 's try to not change the subject , shall we ? 
  at the end of the day , you should n't do things just because someone else is doing it . 
  if the uk government justifies selling weapons to human rights violators based on the fact that other countries kill people too , it is a weak government that is wasting an opportunity to take a stand . 
  i hope that this is the famous dry british sarcasm at work . 
  if not , it goes without saying that corrupt regimes do not magically procure weapons - they need a seller . 
  sure they can probably get some older soviet weapons or cheap chinese weapons , but most can not get modern weapons from western nations due to sanctions . 
  by selling them modern weapons , they can now kill more people quicker and potentially commit serious human rights violations . 
  if you honestly think that there are no situations in which it is justified to fight wars , or that your country should get a little richer via the blood of innocent civilians , i have no words for you . 
  export controls are in place because many countries do not have the necessary political control over their military to ensure that weapons are not misused . 
  i 'm fine if american arms companies develop weapons for the us , because ultimately the citizens of the us control how they are used . 
  i am not okay with sending arms to countries where the citizens can not control how they are used , specifically dictatorships or autocracies . 
  if you believe that there are no good guys or bad guys , that 's fine , but human rights transcend morality . 
  selling weapons to regimes that violate human rights makes you complicit in those violations , thus you are morally at fault . 
  sometimes american pilots kill civilians . 
  sometimes drones blow up weddings . 
  it happens too often . 
  but there is a real difference between accidental damage and deliberately targeting minorities or civilians . 
  it seems like you are deliberately choosing to ignore that distinction in order to justify the profits of private corporations , which is sickening . 
  i understand his point to be that he does n't currently want to replace english , but that if he could go back in time , he 'd change it to something more universal . 
  so wait , you think that the author just wrote a whole article on why english sucks for diplomacy and science just to complain ? 
  i 'm fairly certain that he is implicitly advocating for another language to be used instead of english , specifically french . 
  http://www.realclearscience.com/lists/top_10_countries_with_greatest_scientific_impact/  according to r & amp ;d magazine , in 2013 , the u.s. will invest $ 424 b in research and development ( r & amp ;d ) , while china will invest roughly half that amount ( $ 220 b ) . 
  amazingly , the u.s. will invest more in r & amp ;d than all of europe combined ( $ 350 b ) . 
  the top two countries on the h index are the us and uk , and canada rounds out the top five . 
  conducting science in a different language is just a pyrrhic victory until other non english-speaking countries start dominating the field . 
  to save you from the wall of text , here are the author 's three main points : * too many vocab words * ambiguous syntax * unclear pronunciation i 'd say in response that while yes , there are a ton of vocab words in the english language , most people do not encounter obscure words of forms of words often in daily life . 
  you only really see extended vocab in literature , poetry , art and philosophy . 
  simple english is easy to use for basic communication . 
  secondly , syntax is certainly fluid . 
  you can form a sentence or phrase a myriad of ways . 
  while this is certainly the most salient point in the article , it should n't hinder scientific communication where instructions and methods are often written in bullet point or list form . 
  finally , pronunciation is actually a strength , not a weakness , of english . 
  the fact that multiple countries use english successfully and can say words differently shows that it is easy to understand , even if the speaker is just starting . 
  for instance , when in france my french was n't very good , but people literally could n't understand me because they said that my accent was wrong . 
  in english , you can mis-pronounce half the words in a sentence and most people will get the gist . 
  bonus point : english has no central language authority , as opposed to the majority of other languages ( [ see for yourself ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_language_regulators ) ) , thus it can evolve much quicker and new technology can be described without issue using new terminology . 
  this gives english the upper-hand since it is essentially an `` open-source '' language , and you can add words as needed . 
  very powerful memorial - probably the best that i 've seen in terms of putting numbers into perspective . 
   but behind the scenes , the u.s. military played an indispensable role in the libya campaign , deploying far more forces than the administration chose to advertise . 
  and at nato headquarters outside brussels , the u.s. was intimately involved in all decisions about how the libyan rebels should be supported as they rolled up control of cities and oil refineries and marched toward the capital , tripoli . 
   the libya campaign was a unique international effort : 15 european nations working with the u.s. and three arab nations .
