  the problem is n't quality , it 's accessibility and affordability . 
  that 's why the overall average is lower than other countries : because not everyone has access to quality care at an affordable price . 
  that 's what obamacare was trying to solve - the issue of hospitals having to write off loses when uninsured patients who do n't have money need appendectomies . 
  the us does n't spend an outlandish amount on defense as a percent of gdp . 
  like , we spend around 4.5 % of annual gdp on defense . 
  not that bad . 
  it 's a matter of principle , not money . 
  the us could run every country 's military on earth and still have plenty of money left over , but we do n't because it 's not our responsibility . 
  therefore , when confronted with the fact that highly developed economies in europe are n't making a serious commitment to their military capabilities , we ( understandably ) get annoyed . 
  it 's not about the money , it 's about the collective responsibility . 
  if you ca n't see how that 's an issue , i feel like you are being intentionally obtuse . 
  when do you use car and when do you use parce que ? 
  is it just formal vs informal use ? 
  get outta here were are hating on all muslims in this thread and you 'd better stay with the program buster . 
  lol what are you talking about ? 
  nobody ever has said the word christianophobia . 
  did you just make that word up ? 
   we 're criticizing the ideology and not necessarily the people who 're following it . 
  i 'm going to let you stop and think about this sentence for one minute , and then you can come back to let us know the logical fallacy that you 've discovered . 
  [ spoiler alert ] ideology is only perpetuated in the minds of believers . 
  sure , but trade wars do n't start with full bans . 
  they start when a country revokes trade privileges in a certain industry simply because their domestic companies are n't competitive , then the other country retaliates in another industry , and it snowballs from there . 
  with the weak state of the eu economy now is not a wise time to play that game . 
  do you want to start a trade war ? 
  because that 's how you start a trade war . 
  if the eu banned us companies from operating almost everything on the internet would n't work in europe . 
  additionally , banning european products from being sold in the us would bankrupt nearly all auto , telecom and appliance companies in europe , not to mention industrial , pharmaceutical , and firearms manufacturing that relies on us consumers . 
  they very idea that you take this point of view seriously is absolutely terrifying . 
  unless you want to go back to the dark ages , you need trade . 
  real headline : `` eu feigns outrage over program that many member nations were complicit in order to enact protectionist laws to hinder american companies from operating in europe '' i 'm all for more competition and would love to see some innovative european tech companies develop , but not via bans or enormous fines on existing american companies just because they are based outside of the eu . 
  threatening to revoke the safe harbor agreement is just bad faith negotiating . 
   it would also broaden the so-called right to be forgotten . 
  oh great , more 1984 bullshit . 
  burn up those papers in the minitrue, 
  yeah this whole thread is pretty unbelievable . 
  i have colleagues that work in brussels with the csdp folks and the questions that i 've posed here are very real issues and concerns in the real world with the european experts , but here on reddit it 's all a bunch of `` euro skepticism '' . 
  because junker is proposing it ?? 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills here , haha . 
  you are deliberately dodging the question here by throwing out some silly hyperbole - obviously my concerns are n't about a nefarious overthrow of europe , but rather what is going to keep the army under civilian control . 
  the eu parliament is elected , however they are not elected with the same sincerity that national mps are elected with . 
  the eu commission is not very democratic , since the president is appointed and then the members are also not voted on , but simply sent from member nations . 
  the enormous civil servant staff that forms and guides policy for the commission is also not elected or subject to review . 
  the eu is simply not a complete democracy in its current state . 
  you are free to disagree , but i firmly believe in civilian control of military out of principle . 
  so tell me , what system of oversight you would devise to ensure fair and democratic control over the hypothetical eu military ? 
  i 'm fine taking downvotes all day . 
  all i 'm seeing so far is a ton of people here who want a shiny new eu military and all the pride and prestige that comes with it , and very few people caring about the serious philosophical and political questions behind it . 
  some things just do n't get better regardless of context . 
  she did n't say that she was concerned about him specifically , but instead said that she did n't trust `` indian males '' . . which is absolutely absurd considering that there are more males in india that people in europe . 
  what about nuclear weapons ? 
  do you really think that france or the uk will simply let them become `` eu '' nuclear weapons ? 
  that same logic applies to any advanced weapons platform , like submarines or carriers . 
  simply put , not all eu nations can build submarines or carriers . 
  hell china had n't even been able to build one yet , just retrofit an older russian carrier . 
  and only the us has cats on its carriers . 
  additionally , do you think that the eu parliament would be fast acting enough to deploy the military in the event of a crisis ? 
  that 's why in most countries they have a civilian executive who can order the military to battle before receiving confirmation from the parliament . 
  it 's a very real question . 
  please do n't dismiss these concerns as fear mongering - they are absolutely necessary details . 
  that 's exactly my point - that little detail about political structure to organize the military is a vital detail . 
  without elected officials running the show , you have essentially built a junta within the eu . 
  who do they report to ? 
  the german people ? 
  what if everyone but france wants to use french planes and munitions on a bombing campaign in africa ? 
  what if during a campaign countries pull support and random troops are pulled out of the conflict ? 
  what if france alone wants to use force and claims they get more of a say since it 's `` mostly their army ? 
  whenever i hear people say `` the eu bodies will take care of the details '' it astounds me . 
  the eu in its present form is a trade harmonization organization . 
  it is not democratic enough to control an army in my opinion . 
  but hey , we can all fantasize about a blue draped european army marching around - it would definitely be cool looking . 
  nato is a treaty alliance , in which members contribute as they see fit . 
  it is not a integrated military , although it does have shared c & amp ; c elements . 
  but , for example , other countries do n't get to use us military equipment without us permission , and vice versa . 
  plus , given the way that europe funds nato , it 's doubtful that they 'd have money for both nato and a common european military , so they 'd have to choose . 
  you mean the question of sovereignty ? 
  it 's still an unsolved problem , albeit one that you have no problem ignoring . 
  but hey , let 's just wait until this grand army is built to see who is cool with actually deploying it . 
  george fucking lucas even saw this problem coming in `` attack of the clones '' , which is hilarious . 
  lol this whole place did a 180 recently . 
  the whole reason that the original plan for a common army was shut down was because of grave concerns about sovereignty and who gets to control the force . 
  until the eu becomes the united states of europe , it should not have an army . 
  instead , it should work towards better integration and procurement and all that , but still let individual countries vote on how to use their own army . 
  how is nobody concerned about the idea of building an army without a federalized political system ? 
  right now there is n't even a common fiscal policy in the eu , and we literally just had a member considering leaving the euro over disagreements with policy . 
  the system is not very democratic , and it 's mostly run by unelected civil servants . 
  and now you want to give that organization a military and have it go kill people ? 
  i ca n't believe that people are n't more concerned about the lack of civilian control over the military . 
  edit : this question is now the most upvoted question in this thread , but people are downvoting it here . 
  so great to see flair-based voting . 
  go read the twitter link above : she specifically said that she does not take indian males because she is concerned about rape culture and has females in the department . 
  it is certainly very clear . 
  good on ambassador power for taking a firm stance . 
  click the cog button on the right and then click `` advanced search '' - from that page you can choose the search location country , and then redo the search . 
  i assure you that america does n't see the eu as a threat , but as an ally . 
  i think you 'll find that china and russia are far less interested in sustaining european values , so be careful what you wish for . 
  it 's a bad issue , but it was still defeated . 
  contrast that to this current eu ruling and you can see why it 's an issue . 
  probably because the us is still a more direct democracy than the eu governance ... `` apparatus '' . 
  certainly a case where bureaucracy can stifle democracy . 
  between this and the backtrack on roaming charges legislation it shows just how easy it is for corporations to sway euro council members and mps .
