   now do n't be bitchin on european tax havens . 
  it 's intensely hypocritical . 
  hypocritical in what way ? 
  unfair , sure , but i do n't get the hypocrisy argument . 
  the eu absolutely allowed ireland , the netherlands , luxembourg , et al to offer these deals while looking the other way . 
  they sent the message for decades that this was an acceptable practice through their inaction . 
  and do n't tell me that they `` did n't know '' what was going on - that 's bullshit . 
  ireland 's budget is public knowledge and it would take 10 minutes to add up the total taxable revenue of public companies based in ireland ( published annually ) , multiply that by the corporate tax rate , and then compare that to ireland 's stated tax flow for that year . 
  clearly ireland should have billions more in their budget if they actually enforced their corporate tax rate uniformly . 
  many people here are blinded by the rah rah nature of the pure , ethical eu taking on dirty , corrupt american multinationals , but the actual facts are that the eu and ireland deserve a good amount of blame for allowing this to happen in the first place . 
  it 's a bad precedent to set to screw up for decades and then start attacking easy political targets in an attempt to maintain an aura of superiority . 
  seems like you as misinformed about the supernational us tax regime . 
  the us does n't tax foreign companies additional amounts over the us corporate tax , they simply require that companies make up the difference between their foreign rate and the us rate if they happen to be located in a country with lower rates than the us . 
  again , this is to protect against all us companies becoming `` nominally '' based in a tax haven instead of the us , despite being a us company . 
   why the hell the us willingly made a tax deal with ireland while negotiating a 0-tariff treaty with the eu is over me . 
  i 'm confused - the us federal government did not negotiate with ireland - apple inc did the negotiation directly with the irish authorities . 
  from the us fed 's perspective , they absolutely do not want to see ireland extend a sweetheart deal like this to apple , because it helps apple keep their cash overseas while us taxpayer money goes towards protecting apple 's ip , funding the roads and logistics networks they use , providing an educated workforce , etc etc. 
  not really sure how you can blame this on the us government ... 
  washington is n't upset that the eu is making apple pay their taxes . 
  washington is upset that for the past two decades , the eu looked the other way while countries like ireland and luxembourg setup these sweetheart deals with american companies to help them avoid paying taxes owed in the united states . 
  remember , the us taxes american corporations regardless of where their revenue was earned - this is to fight against tax havens . 
  now the eu minister of competition suddenly cares about apple paying `` too low '' of a rate in ireland , slaps them with a big retroactive tax bill , which apple can pay and then write-off on their american tax form , which essentially shorts the us treasury of $ 14 billion . 
  so the eu is essentially stealing $ 14b from the us taxpayer by deciding to retroactively enforce their tax policies on just one american company . 
  you can see why the us is pissed at the eu about this - they allow these countries to engage in a `` race to the bottom '' but this ruling only takes money from apple instead of punishing ireland for signing an apparently illegal agreement which constitutes impermissible state aid . 
  if the eu was * actually * serious about this issue , they would make ireland forfeit this policy and then retroactively levy a tax bill on every company that paid below 12.5 % in ireland . 
  tl ; dr : the us just wants the taxes that the american people are owed under our laws . 
  ireland has been helping american corps avoid paying , and the eu has been looking the other way for decades . 
  now the eu minister of competition wants to grab that money because targeting american companies is politically popular , but they are n't doing anything to fix the actual issue of ireland offering these sweetheart deals . 
  err ... no it would go to the wto because it involves parties outside of the eu . 
  the us and eu member nations have common agreements on trade laws via the wto , not via the eu . 
  to me this all seems a bit out of bounds for the `` minister of competition '' to be adjudicating . 
  i understand the need for fairness , and trust me i wish that apple paid more in taxes everywhere . 
  but when it 's driven by a ministry that is tasked with increasing the competitiveness of eu industries vs their international competition , it appears this ruling is driven by protectionism vs actual legal standing . 
  everyone here appears to be defending the ruling because they want to see a big american company forced to answer to the eu , but if you look at this from a neutral pov , it 's not the way to tackle this issue , and it poisons the well for companies operating in ireland . 
  vat is a harmonized tax implemented uniformly and independently by all member nations in order to comply with eu recommendations . 
  there is not an eu tax authority , only compliance monitoring authorities . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/tax-cooperation-control/tax-recovery_en )  try to learn about the european union before posting . 
  hmmm ... 
  cool meme , want to explain how a ) the eu commission 's commissioner for competition is elected and b ) how the irish taxation system was n't the result of their own democratically-elected government 's decisions and laws ? 
  there is no eu-wide tax law . 
  how could apple follow eu laws on taxation ? 
  so just for the record , people are okay with the unelected eu competition ministry declaring ireland 's democratically-enacted tax system illegal ? 
   we do n't care . 
  if you do n't follow the rules of eu , you will be sanctioned . 
  which should matter more : eu `` rules '' or the actual law of ireland ? 
  because from apple 's perspective , they complied fully with the laws of the country they based their head-office in , not with vague `` rules '' that the eu 's competition ministry wants to enforce . 
  if this situation was reversed , and ireland had laws that charge a higher rate but the eu competition ministry passed a rule saying that companies could pay a lower rate because that encourages business growth , would you still be defending the eu ? 
  which authority should businesses listen to ? 
  actually , the us could easily grant them a tax holiday , let them repatriate their earnings on a one-time basis tax-free , and then enjoy more jobs in the us when apple leaves ireland . 
  apple did n't break irish laws , nor have they been accused of breaking any laws until this morning . 
  you do n't `` break '' laws until a court issues judgement . 
  right now they are simply being accused . 
  vw knowingly broke us and european laws , and were found guilty in a court of law . 
  they are very different cases - i think that you can see the difference . 
  and now you understand why successful companies spend so much on marketing , haha, 
  trade war !, 
  trade war !, 
  hint : your 28 country economic region wo n't survive a trade war against a single , federalized country . 
  just like when google left a market of over a billion people in china because they did n't want to play by the chinese government 's rules ? 
  it 's not unprecedented . 
  can someone please explain to me how this is not an ex post facto law ? 
  the eu competition ministry is not a legal body , yet they have ruled that ireland 's tax system is not only illegal ( again , not their jurisdiction ) , but demanded that apple pays back taxes that they * never owed * under irish tax law , with interest . 
  just seems like it 's going to get tossed on appeal pretty quickly . 
  big talk coming from a country with a lower gdp than california . 
  so real talk , how horrified are brits going to be this morning when the wake up after going to bed thinking that remain was going to win ? 
  i 'd take you as our 51st state in a heartbeat . 
  or because they want to try and access proprietary information under the guise of an investigation . 
  corporate espionage at its finest . 
   i hope we can all agree that these major it companies have been dodging taxes for far too long . 
  i mean , it 's not like the money is hard to find - it 's all in the eu member-state ireland . 
  why do n't the french authorities focus on that loophole instead of raiding a company that is operating legally by taking advantage of the existence of ireland ? 
  change the laws first and * then * raid the companies that do not comply . 
  i mean , i got an ap news alert about it in the us ... 
  great stuff !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  prohibition ( when the us banned alcohol in the early 20th century ) decimated all small and local breweries in the us , to the point where there were only like a half dozen operating until the 80s . 
  the ones that survived were the massive ones , and even then those companies ( coors , bud , miller ) made money via industrial parts and manufacturing as well as beer . 
  regulations surrounding brewing and distribution were relaxed since then , and the ipa craze from a decade ago really turned people on to non-pils beer . 
  tons of cities realized that young people love brew pubs , and the rest is basically history . 
  now there are hundreds of awesome breweries in the us due to the high demand . 
  dude calm down . 
  president george h.w. 
  bush famously earned his naval flight wings a [ few days before he turned 19 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_h._w._bush#world_war_ii ), 
  i had friends that had pilots licenses for gliders at age 14 with their ppl . 
  the faa grants pilots licenses starting at age 14 , and 17 for powered planes and helicopters , and start training on powered planes at 16 . 
  it 's not that strange in some states - there is * a ton * of open land in the us to put in flying hours . 
  it 's weird to us too , do n't worry, 
  in the states , when you immigrate and become a citizen , we just call you american , not `` indian living in the us '' or whatever . 
  if you are a citizen , you are just as american as anyone else . 
  https://www.airforce.com/careers/detail/pilot  must be between the ages of 18 and 28 here is the basic demographic breakdown of active usaf pilots :  17-24 : 43  25-34 : 1,341  35-44 : 968  45 + : 83  total : 2,435 so yes , of course it would be very rare to find a 20 year old pilot in combat , but not impossible by any means . 
  i do n't know why everyone is using 2015 numbers when the glorious 2016 numbers are now available : https://www.credit-suisse.com/us/en/about-us/research/research-institute/news-and-videos/articles/news-and-expertise/2016/11/en/the-global-wealth-report-2016.html spoiler , pretty much everyone in europe declined vs the us and asia due to the dollar dick-slapping the pound and the euro this past year . 
  switzerland still reigns supreme though !, 
  hey it 's cool , an american 20 year old can pilot a $ 30m fighter jet and drop thousands of lbs of explosive munitions in denied airspace in iraq , or drive an abrams tank in live fire through the desert to baghdad , but god forbid they order a glass of red wine with dinner back home . 
  * think of the consequences . 
   in this context you are implying that / r/the _ donald represent all trump supporters , which i really hope that its not true . 
  however , i wrote in my original comment :  setting aside that propaganda sub curated by angsty teenagers , i made that distinction in my original post . 
  that sub does n't represent the millions of americans who voted for trump , namely because the vast majority of trump voters were over the age of 50 . 
  i do n't think that you understand trump supporters if you think they are the ones that are annoyed about this . 
  setting aside that propaganda sub curated by angsty teenagers , the actual facts are that [ voters who cast their ballot for trump are far less likely to have a passport ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2011/03/americas-great-passport-divide/72399/ ) , which means that they are n't going to care if they need a visa to visit europe .
