  most americans do n't think that you should be punished more for being rich . 
  just like we do n't think that you should be punished less for a crime just because you are poor . 
  if you disagree that 's fine , but our founding principle is that * all people are equal in the eyes of the law . 
  * do you really want a judge to look at your bank account before sentencing you ? 
  the us system is a bit different - minority party members still hold substantial powers through their committee appointments and seniority . 
  you also often see some collaboration across party lines , even against the majority party 's official stance . 
  basically , senators are n't nearly as controlled as mps would be in the british system . 
  it 's not uncommon to see initiatives fail because the majority party had lots of defections , which is much less common in parliamentary systems . 
  remember , lawmaking in the us was intentionally designed to be slow and arduous to avoid emotionally-driven legislation . 
  it 's become a little too ineffective today , but that 's due to abuse of filibusters and specific congressional rules that were n't envisioned by the founding fathers . 
  it 's still bullshit though - you ca n't adjust punishment based on the ability of a person to pay or endure the punishment . 
  that 's what the mob does . 
  the state should simply write laws that are fair no matter who you are . 
  i find it ridiculous that people can simply speed all the time and laugh it off - i 'd blame the laws before i blame the people who take advantage of the shitty laws . 
  for instance , this really is n't a problem in the us , for a few reasons : * 1 ) we use real patrols and not cameras for the vast , vast majority of roads and highways . 
  real-life cops can tell if you are driving like an asshole , and target you appropriately . 
  plus , you do n't want to mess with highway patrol - they are n't buddy-buddy with anyone , especially rich assholes . 
  * 2 ) if you get caught speeding excessively you will be charged with reckless driving and can be jailed . 
  your bail is set according to the amount of danger you put other drivers in , not your income . 
  * 3 ) point system : you get a point lost for each ticket , and potentially more if you speed over a certain amount . 
  get too many points ? 
  lose your license for the year . 
  get caught driving with a suspended license ? 
  that 's serious and you can go to jail . 
  seriously though , it 's not that hard - the us has by far the largest car-owning population and we drive everywhere , and have large wealth inequality . 
  yet we do n't have this problem . 
  it 's still bullshit though - you ca n't adjust punishment based on the ability of a person to pay or endure the punishment . 
  that 's what the mob does . 
  the state should simply write laws that are fair no matter who you are . 
  for instance , this really is n't a problem in the us , for a few reasons . 
  * 1 ) we use real patrols and not cameras for the vast , vast majority of roads and highways * 2 ) if you get caught speeding excessively you will be charged with reckless driving and can be jailed . 
  your bail is set according to the amount of danger you put other drivers in , not your income . 
  * 3 ) point system : you get a point lost for each ticket , and potentially more if you speed over a certain amount . 
  get 5 points ? 
  lose your license for the year . 
  get caught driving with a suspended license ? 
  that 's serious and you can go to jail . 
  seriously though , it 's not that hard - the us has by far the largest car-owning population and we drive everywhere , * and * have large wealth inequality . 
  yet we do n't have this problem . 
  the uss constitution is still in active service , however it is currently in dry-dock for updates this year . 
  [ got ta love the uss constitution ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/56/uss_constitution_sail200d.jpg ) - still battle-ready and has been since 1797 . 
  it would literally be sent to battle if the need arose and has a full crew . 
  what the actual fuck is this post title ? 
  sovereign debt crisises are very easy to solve - you simply assign the losses and move on . 
  unfortunately nobody wants to admit that they made bad loan decisions , so greece is perpetually in a state of crisis . 
  it 's pretty stupid to be honest since the amount of money is n't actually that high . 
  universities in the us do n't get rich from tuition , they get rich from donations which they invest into capital construction , real estate , and faculty via their endowment fund . 
  do n't be a dick, 
   the poster i replied to made the mistake of mistaking market regulation with size and reach . 
  i 'd argue that in terms of measuring the effective power of a government 's size and reach , you end up measuring its power to regulate . 
  laws , codes , subsidies , penalties , etc are all forms for regulation . 
  so yes , in many ways the power of a government should be measured by its current regulatory scope . 
   but in terms of the power wielded in domestic and international politics and economics , then you just ca n't compare them - us wins hands down compared to most of the world . 
  i disagree with this statement in terms of domestic reach , and on the international front the us gains most of its power through its military , which is n't a super relevant factor in normative trade negotiation during peacetime . 
  all international agreements are hashed out behind closed doors before they are released to the respective legislative bodies for comment , revision , and approval . 
  this is done to protect the power of both sides , and to ensure that one side does n't gain leverage by leaking unpopular ideas ( thus causing public outcry ) in an attempt to win concessions . 
  there is n't anything nefarious about this particular process since the committee that is drafting the accord does not have the power to actually enact the accord . 
  i 've been meeting a suspicious amount of french citizens here in the us recently - seems that your compatriots have been silently settling in boston and dc . 
  no complaints from me though - they have all be awesome and super nice . 
  they told me that once they found chipotle , they never want to live without it again . 
  we 'd love to have you . 
   but then , we all know the great regard big government , especially the american one has for normal people . 
  exactly none . 
  is this supposed to be edgy ? 
  the us does n't have a `` big government '' compared to most european nations - pretty much everything is partially or completely privatized , and most regulations are pretty lax in comparison . 
  in fact , i thought that the primary complaint about ttip was that us regulatory standards were too lax in certain industries ( agriculture , cosmetics , etc ) . 
  so which is it ? 
  is america 's government too powerful or too weak for you ? 
  shill detected !!, 
  / s but actually , thanks for the reasonable response . 
  this whole debate got pulled too far to one side and we all need to take a deep breath and realize that trade agreements are complex and take time to negotiate , and that not all proposals make the final cut . 
  i do n't think that what you wrote is different from what i wrote . 
  if you develop a drug that nobody else wants to develop , it 's a natural monopoly . 
  if you do n't pay the monopoly price for the drug , it discourages further development . 
  i 'd imagine that if it were truly lucrative , you 'd see far more companies competing for the space . 
  it takes hundreds of millions to successfully bring a drug onto the market . 
  if only a tiny fraction of the population needs it , then you have to charge a ton . 
  you just ca n't get around that economic barrier . 
  while the companies you know make a lot , they probably also have to spend a lot in the process . 
  while it makes sense that they would negotiate for better prices , companies that make drugs for orphan diseases deserve full compensation in my opinion . 
  r&d is incredibly expensive for pharmaceutical companies , so if it 's not economically viable to make the drugs they 'll stop funding future research . 
  orphan diseases will never make them a ton of money , and it 's usually smaller pharmas who do n't have billion dollar budgets . 
  probably because they are used the most and therefore have actual combat data to draw from . 
  most competing systems are only tested in controlled environments . 
  plus , the patriot system was n't a rousing success 25 years ago , so people still assume that it is n't very good today , despite being heavily upgraded . 
  let 's be real ; the dc-nyc-boston megalopolis is home to the richest , smartest people on earth . 
  which basically only proves that the smarter you are , the worse you drive . 
  their report to the eu may be promising , but the majority of their bills that are coming due are with the imf , and the imf is n't going to be as forgiving with extensions . 
  the us is `` pushing it quickly '' because the framework has been in place for over two decades and nothing is getting done , and obama campaigned on striking a large trade deal with our partners in europe and the pacific so he 's trying to get it moving to include it in his legacy . 
  sometimes you have to act with * some * amount of urgency to get things done . 
  regardless , it 's still in the draft stage . 
  most middle and upper class families in the us have all the kids moving out at 18 or 19 to go to college , and then it 's seen as pretty embarrassing to have to move back in with your parents in your 20 . 
  i do n't know anyone who lives with their parents after the age of 22 ... you get your own apartment with a bunch of roommates if necessary asap . 
  your data is from henley & partners , which is a direct competitor to arton capital , the publisher of the data in the op . 
  both use data from official sources , but arton measures more countries . 
  i just linked the arton data because it was presented in a cool visual interface and includes pictures of each passport , which i thought that people would appreciate . 
  you may be referring to this infographic that was making the rounds last year : http://magazine.good.is/infographics/how-powerful-is-your-passport#open the source behind the passport index is research conducted by arton capital http://www.artoncapital.com/, 
  microsoft has a lot of offices and employees in europe too - it 's not like all of your licensing fees are being sucked out of the local economy and sent abroad . 
  they help support high-paying jobs for european developers . 
  i do n't disagree with the idea of having a better , open-source system , but i think that your characterization glosses over the fact that microsoft is a part of the european economy .
