  for instance , buying a big mac ( the classic example ) would cost you nearly $ 8 in norway for just the sandwich . 
  and everything is like that - beer is usually $ 12-18 at a bar , a normal meal would be around $ 30 , etc. 
  so the quality of life is n't necessarily that much higher when the price of everything is taken into account . 
  north carolina citizens can buy just about the same amount of things as norwegian citizens at the end of the day . 
  in theory , the euro would work great if the ez was an [ `` optimum currency area '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) . 
  this means that the countries or states that share the currency have similar economic composition . 
  for instance , for a banking nation like switzerland , having a strong currency is advantageous because they do not manufacture many staple goods , so the cost to import these goods is lower since their home currency is strong . 
  they need to give germany or france less swiss francs to import cars and furniture priced in euros . 
  now the problem is that countries in the eurozone share widely different goals and economic composition . 
  germany thrives on exports , so they want a weaker euro so that other countries can afford to buy more german goods . 
  france is a mixed economy , so they want a currency that is strong by not too strong . 
  smaller states like greece need a weaker euro so that their debt is easier to manage , but not so weak that it wipes out savings . 
  back to the question though . 
  the us thrives on the dollar because each state in the us is rich as fuck . 
  [ seriously , new jersey has the same gdp as sweden , pennsylvania has the same gdp as switzerland , washington state has the same gdp as austria , north carolina = norway , california = italy , texas = spain , illinois = netherlands , etc. 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_gdp#mediaviewer/file:comparison_between_u.s._states_and_countries_by_gdp_in_2012.jpg ) there really are n't any super-poor states . 
  [ even mississippi has roughly the same gdp per capita as the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2014/08/25/britain-is-poorer-than-any-us-state-yes-even-mississippi/ ) however , some states are obviously much richer than others , so how come the us is considered an optimum currency area and the eurozone is not ? 
  ** internal transfers . 
  ** the us federal government takes money from the rich states and distributes it to the poorer states to ensure that they have enough to spend of roads , schools , etc. 
  this state socialism keeps the us states much closer to parity , and therefore within an optimum currency zone . 
  the eu does not conduct internal transfers ( bailouts are not the same ) so each country has to go their own way essentially . 
  a federal europe could solve this problem , but there is very little appetite for that right now . 
  what you 've just described though is different regulations per country , which is somewhat similar to us federalism . 
  that 's why i made the comparison , because each state in the us gets to set its own laws , just like each country in the eu gets to make their own laws and regulations . 
  i certainly understand your point about there not being blanket eu laws that cover uber . 
  that said , i think the crux of the issue is how american companies like to `` disrupt '' existing industries ( it 's a super hot buzzword right now in the us ) whereas in europe most people would n't want to see their jobs `` disrupted '' by new competition . 
  amazon is a good example - they disrupted traditional book companies in the us , and their business model has proven very popular and effective . 
  while tons of boutique book stores still exist , the larger chains like borders have pretty much gone under . 
  in germany though , for instance , they passed laws to prohibit discounting books , which kept the larger book stores alive and kept amazon from expanding like they did in the us . 
  similarly with uber - they came in an disrupted the taxi/limo space , and now people are choosing between defending the taxi industry ( which in my opinion has n't innovated in 60 years ) , or embracing a new company that has made an arguably better service . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's wrong to defend existing industries - our cities and towns lose character when amazon or walmart move into the picture - but i think we can all agree that it comes at a cost . 
  sometimes it 's lower prices ( walmart ) and other times it 's consumer choice and innovation ( uber ) . 
  mmm thai food does sound delicious for dinner . . good idea !, 
  this is the primary argument , and i would agree in principle if this was the case . 
  in massachusetts at least , uber is categorized as a livery service , like a private driver . 
  they still pay for the plates and fees for standard limo services , but then do avoid the more involved hackney fees and medallions . 
  so they are n't breaking the law , they are simply bringing a different sector ( limo drivers ) into a more prominent market position . 
  for instance , you absolutely can not hail an uber driver from the street - you have to reserve online first . 
  there are other companies like lyft which basically does compete directly with cabs - they put fuzzy pink mustaches on the front of the car and will stop if you hail them . 
  they pretend that you are `` just a new friend '' and drive you to your destination like a good friend would . 
  this is direct competition with taxis and i 'd argue illegal under current law . 
  they also get pulled over by cops and fined if they get caught picking someone up , so the law does apply to them . 
  actually financial innovation is a very interesting topic - look at the rise of etfs for a good example , and mbss for a bad example . 
  but more on topic , laws are ( in my opinion ) the start of the conversation , not the end of it . 
  regulators and lawmakers should have the ability to alter and change regulations when it is holding back innovation . 
  sure sometimes there are definite needs to hold back certain industries ( like trying to make laser weapons to skirt gun legislation for example ) , but when it comes to evolutionary steps like leveraging smartphones , real-time location , and peer-ratings to select your ride home , it should n't be dismissed as `` oh that 's illegal '' . 
  this is truly the death-stroke of american soft power . 
  we always thought that everyone else loved israel as much as we do !, 
  now that sweden disagrees , one can only hope that we may see the error in our ways yet . 
  as much as it sucks for the people stuck building horse carriages after ford or dirigibles after the hindenburg , progress moves forward . 
  in my city ( boston ) there was a big fight over uber and the taxis tried to blockade the uber hq and generally caused a racket . 
  the mayor stood firm and asked the taxi union to innovate and to make their own app if they wanted to compete . 
  a fair number of taxi drivers cashed out and now drive for uber , and uber now has a feature to hail normal cabs through the app . 
  at the end of the day , the citizens of boston have more choices and the standard of transit options is much higher . 
  i can plan when i want to leave a party instead of leaving and spending time trying to hail a cab on the curb . 
  i know the name and reviews of my driver . 
  i do n't need to pay anything upon exiting the car . 
  overall , a much better experience for roughly the same price . 
  i understand protecting jobs , but at some point you have to allow new , more innovative companies into the mix . 
   unless you 've been paying attention . 
  still not a citation . 
  i 'm sure that google has complied with national laws as required , just like they 've complied with the eu 's silly right to be forgotten law . 
  does n't necessarily make them an accomplice in the nsa 's missions . 
   it does n't harm ( it can even benefit ) us if companies like google split into multiple companies are stayed small . 
  perhaps . 
  this is an antitrust argument though and the case law is extremely well-developed on the matter . 
  sometimes companies do get too big , but simply breaking them up is n't always the answer . 
  google uses their size to do pretty cool things in the market , so from a consumer point of view they are n't hindering our lives . 
  additionally , antitrust laws are strict and enforced in the us when needed ( see microsoft in the 90s for an example ) . 
  basically , do n't worry about google being a big bad company that takes over the world . 
  there are much more worrisome things out there right now . 
   google is one of the nsa 's largest supplies of data . 
  [ citation needed ]  if they did nothing wrong i 'd ( almost ) be okay with them becoming so big , but google is no angel . 
  once again , where 's your proof ? 
  just because they have their hands in a lot of jars does n't mean that they are evil . 
  they are an advertising company , not an evil villain/mastermind . 
  i agree - this is bureaucracy at its absolute worst . 
  it 's a completely harmless mistake and yet it costs real people money , for no other reason than vanity . 
  germany and the us have always been close intel partners , despite the current outrage over the nsa . 
  it started with the cold war obviously , where berlin was * the * hotspot for spying . 
  the us and the west german gov formed pretty close ties in the intel community , and many agents became friends or shared mutual respect . 
  this continued after reunification of course , into the present day . 
  what the german government gets is reciprocal intel sharing . 
  the us spies on german citizens and then hands that info over to the german gov , since directly spying on their own citizens would be against the law . 
  german leaders use this primarily to track neo-nazi members and other groups that they deem dangerous or harmful . 
  the us in return gets the same intel on the germans , plus alternative intel from the german intel sphere , mostly concerning terrorism . 
  there 's a reason that most of the cooked intel for the iraq war was fed through the german -  us intel channel - they work closely together and can do each other favors . 
  so yes , if you are german you should be pissed at your government for literally selling you out daily while pretending to hold themselves to a higher standard . 
  source : a close mentor of mine was the cia station chief in berlin at one point . 
  the us * could have stayed and occupied * western europe just like the soviets stayed and occupied eastern europe after wwii . 
  instead , the us gave back the countries without installing puppet govs and helped everyone rebuild . 
  but yes , let 's talk about how the winners write the history books . 
  america : everyone is welcome to become an american . 
  europe : you have to be european to be european . 
  this is basically the crux of the debate . 
  i do n't think that either side is wrong , but it is certainly different . 
   the american military-industrial complex sucks compared to ours -- they 're less effective at getting money in raw numbers and they 're much more hated despite that reality . 
  7 of the top 10 largest arms companies are american . 
  i think they are doing okay .
