  it 's a question of sovereignty . 
  additionally , if the hague did something stupid like incarcerate w. bush or someone , you 'd bet your ass he 'd be extradited . 
  you ca n't just take our citizens and jail them in a system that the us does n't formally recognize . 
  it 's the same word regardless of the use . 
  but hey , if you think that the us is going to invade you 'd better get ready to do something about it . 
  would be super embarrassing if you just shake their hand and let them waltz into the hague . 
  did you just decide to ignore the `` and appropriate '' part of that clause ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that invading the netherlands with the military would n't be deemed appropriate . 
  necessary and appropriate means that the only authorized actions would be legal options and non-violent . 
  the farthest you could stretch is maybe sneaking someone out of the country on a private plane before they face arrest . 
  definitely not sending seal team 6 to break into the hague . 
  this ai n't call of duty lol, 
  how dare you insult my flag it 's sacred !, 
   and you ca n't blame them when you guys actually have a law threatening to invade us . 
  what ? 
  it 's not security , it 's customs . 
  the us wants to control its borders itself . 
  one line for americans , one line for everyone else . 
  well . . 
  i mostly agree but that term does n't really mean that they ca n't have money . 
  take harvard university . 
  they are technically the harvard corporation ( technical company name is president and fellows of harvard college ) . 
  it is the oldest company in the western hemisphere . 
  they control over $ 60 billion in assets . 
  harvard also has a subsidiary company , the harvard management company , which runs a $ 32 billion + ( liquid , not counting fixed assets ) hedge fund that comprises the bulk of harvard 's endowment . 
  harvard is tax-exempt as it is organized as a not-for-profit organization . 
  same as fifa . 
  the difference is that harvard could buy fifa 20 times and still have cash to burn . 
  i do n't really consider germany post-reunification to be eastern europe , which was what i was comparing . 
  * opens link * * `` us is just as bad '' * * closes link *, 
  yeah my alma mater raised a cool $ 2,000,000,000.00 in one donation campaign to help fund more research and capital improvements . 
  crazy amounts of money . 
   just take a look at the index of economic freedom ( heritage foundation ) created by a far-right libertarian think-tank with the purpose of showing that the us has too many regulations , and therefore their donors in heavy industry and mining should have less regulation and be able to pollute more . 
  that 's the whole point of that study , haha, 
  quality of life is soo much higher in midwest us than in eastern europe . 
  [ just picked a random example in kansas city ] ( https://kansascity.craigslist.org/apa/5047545615.html ) 190 sq meters , pool , fireplaces , 3 bedrooms , kitchen , 2.5 bathrooms , with access to a gym and tennis court for only $ 1070 euros a month total . 
  average wage for a standard working person in kc is around 50,000 euros a year . 
  so you can basically live like a king for very little . 
  i 'm always astounded by how many highly-educated ( masters , phd or post-doc ) europeans i meet everyday here on the east coast . 
  hell , cambridge ma is basically a mini europe . 
  just saw a rone concert tonight with a ton of french friends - at least 200 native parisians there haha . 
  the funny thing is that they all tend to love living here , despite the very different culture . 
  nafta is the largest single market on the planet , thankyouverymuch . 
  $ 19.951 trillion  $ 18.495 trillion, 
   she works at the fed she is the chair of the board of governors of the federal reserve system . 
  aka the top dog . 
   but i am not sure that is the same as political and economic powers that merkel has . 
  she has far , far more power . 
  the fed controls interest rates , which , depending on how she decides to move them , can crash developing markets with a single sentence . 
  [ in fact , some argue that she 's the most powerful woman who has ever lived . 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2013/10/why-janet-yellen-would-be-the-most-powerful-woman-in-world-history/280423/ )  [ ... ] janet yellen will have more control over the global economy than any other living person once she 's confirmed as fed chair . 
  now , the fed is a democracy , not a dictatorship , but it 's a funny kind of democracy -- the chair alone sets the agenda . 
  so if yellen even just talks about slowing down the fed 's bond-buying , europe 's troubled economies are liable to see their interest rates rise , and emerging markets are liable to see their currencies collapse . 
   in its current form my answer is no . 
  needs more reform to make us companies adapt to eu standards . 
  ** they need us more than we need them !, 
  ** i was simply replying to this comment from / u/enkebabtack . 
  they made it a us vs them thing , and i was just showing how that was a silly statement . 
  and do n't forget that eu companies also need to comply with us standards too in some industries . 
  also , pretty sure that the us does n't need the eu more than the eu needs the us ... last i checked the eu does n't actively help protect the american continent . 
  except for the little fact that janet yellen is far more powerful and is n't number one for some reason . 
  probably because the guardian ca n't make a clickbait list from her biography . 
  regardless of what you think about merkel , yellen is hands-down more powerful . 
   britain has its fair share of corruption do n't get me wrong , but it 's stupidly obvious in the us . 
  you mean like the dozens of active mps who are very likely guilty of systematic child abuse but for some reason are n't being removed from office or really even investigated ? 
  in the us we kicked out a sitting senator for sending a private dick pic to someone who was n't his wife . 
  in less than a week . 
  so yes , sure , let 's talk about corruption . 
  yet the same banks that you imply are above the law are getting fined billions by us regulators . 
  must be doing a shitty job of putting their hands in people 's pockets . 
  we see that you have an axe to grind , but it 's extremely petty . 
  uhg second place ?? 
  watch your back switzerland !, 
  if fifa and its corrupt practices stayed in europe exclusively , you would have a point . 
  but since concacaf is in miami , the us has authority to prosecute any and all cases of corruption associated with the organization . 
  look up the rico law in the us for more information about how this works . 
  basically , do n't fuck around with the us federal ag . 
  it 's one thing to have billions of dollars and run an international syndicate controlling the world 's largest sport , but it 's nothing compared to a multi trillion dollar country with the largest military on earth . 
  rule of law is taken extremely seriously , and nobody is immune . 
  the person who i replied to was complaining about it . 
  no harm in considering how other countries do it . 
  the fact that your consumption tax is so high is a regressive tax , which every economist will agree hurts the poor disproportionately . 
  uh , us consumers only pay the final product sales tax . 
  the rest of the tax is paid by the businesses and manufacturers . 
  manufactured goods are generally much cheaper in the us than in europe , so the actual rate is lower regardless of how you want to measure . 
  plus taxes in the us are added after the price , so we actually know how much the taxes cost . 
  it 's much harder to know when it 's integrated into all prices . 
  switzerland is complying with the us request to extradite these individuals . 
  switzerland however is opening a separate investigation into fifa and how they awarded the world cup to russia and qatar . 
  pretty simple case of falling back on protectionist laws when another country is eating your lunch . 
  germany did it successfully in the 50s to protect their auto industry from american pressure , but somehow i think that protecting their citizens from internet service companies will be a much harder sell . 
  unfortunately nobody seems to get it . 
  you ca n't regulate or fund the next silicon valley ... 
  it happens organically via tight integration with top-tier research universities , low barriers to creating llcs , and tons of risk-loving investment capital . 
  none of which germany really has right now . 
  american companies are ruthless in their pursuit of the next big market . 
  if germany wants to pull back and wall itself off , no worries , but please do n't complain about needing a vpn to watch netflix , amazon prime never being available , gema stiffling youtube , or not getting a tesla supercharger network on the autobahn . 
  err ... 
  global hawks are used in conjunction with armed drones and aircraft to designate targets . 
  not sure why you assume that simply because they are used by nasa they are harmless ?
