  i ca n't scout out newly opened restaurants as easily . 
  streetview is awesome . . silly germans banning it before giving it a chance . 
  his government philosophy helped shaped democracy and institutions in both the us and france ? 
  you do n't need to be intentionally obtuse . 
  & gt ; safety is more important than political freedom . 
  strongly , strongly disagree . 
  and so does ben franklin . 
  political parties do n't kill people , people do . 
  jail the people , not the ideology . 
  you 'll never win against ideas . 
  it makes sense historically , but it seems like overkill today . 
  is n't there a german constitution that protects the democratic design of government , even through changes in government ? 
  i think that the first post was sarcasm . 
  it defeats the entire premise of a democratic society for the majority to ban minority parties , no matter how extreme . 
  as an american i probably have a more extreme perspective on this topic , but even if the literal nazi party restarted they should n't be banned . 
  it 's simply not the place of the current government to suppress political expression . 
  jail them for violence or riots or whatever , not do n't punish them solely for their political views . 
  that 's actually not really what it is . 
  it 's more that failure is embraced and successful fundraising is n't defined by your past , but instead by whether your current idea is sound . 
  it helps that there are billions waiting for you if you hit a home run , but people have to take a risk and start businesses first before getting that money . 
  damn brits still thinking that they govern massachusetts !, 
  sure , but they are required to research and manufacture and sensitive military equipment in the united states - it 's not like british scientists in london are making awesome guns and then selling them to the us ... 
  it 's basically just some rich british people in a board room making money and slapping logos on missiles that are developed and made in the us . 
  source : worked in the defense industry - almost no british people do r&d at bae in the us . 
  this is straight from drahgi himself : http://www.businessinsider.com/mario-draghis-speech-at-jackson-hole-2014-8, 
  the house makes the money decisions , and they have been run by the gop since 2010 , so i was referring to them mostly . 
  the senate is a bit better , but it 's not great . 
  i suppose that 's fair - drahgi is straight from the cambridge ma circuit , and he likes to come visit often for talks , so he 's basically just citizenship away from working at the fed in an alternative universe . 
  the issue is definitely with the power of the ecb to maintain independent policy in the face of national objections . 
  my main criticism is that they did n't go far enough to push back against the german school . 
  and i do n't know where you are getting both sides suck from my comment - i 100 % blame republicans for intentionally trying to ruin obama by hamstringing the recovery . 
  the dems got a nice bit of stimulus through before they lost their super majority . 
  it 's probably an unpopular opinion , but the us federal reserve proved to be the only council of economic advisers/policy makers that actually understood the crisis 's depth and complexity and reacted correctly . 
  us congress sure did n't , the ecb still has n't , the boe went the wrong way for a bit before correcting themselves , japan was all a mess for a few years , china has very powerful tools and gets to sort of turn on `` admin mode '' to get things done , india made a fool of themselves , brazil and russia are going the wrong way , etc. 
  qe , qe2 , twist , qe3 , plus zirp and other exotic monetary policy basically drove the us into recovery , no thanks to the stupid lack of fiscal policy from washington . 
  best way to prevent conflicts is to be as prepared as possible . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think that it 's great that modern europe feels like a community , but historically the major nations and people of europe fought bitterly in an endless string of wars until well into the 20th century . 
  to sweep that under the rug and claim that europe has always had a common `` european '' identity is pretty much factually incorrect . 
   i 'm happy that i belong to a large group of countries which have a common background and future . 
  with all due respect , how can you claim that european countries share a common background ? 
  what background is this ? 
  haha , yeah it 's weird to me too but i did n't want to be a dick to you , 
  yeah the schengen zone is really nice . 
  national id cards would n't fly in the us - it 's sort of a cold war mentality : & gt ; there is no true national identity card in the united states of america , in the sense that there is no federal agency with nationwide jurisdiction that directly issues such cards to all american citizens for mandatory regular use . 
  all legislative attempts to create one have failed due to tenacious opposition from liberal and conservative politicians alike , who regard the national identity card as the mark of atotalitarian society . 
  [ 1 ] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/identity_documents_in_the_united_states, 
  how to you reject the ttip ? 
  it has n't even been finalized yet ? 
  seems like it would be more productive to refuse to sign it if it contains things that you do n't support , that way you can continue to be a part of the conversation and negotiation process . 
  it 's like if you are at a party and everyone is deciding whether to order pizza or tacos , but instead of casting your vote in favor of tacos , you declare that you are so against pizza that you are voting against getting food in general . 
  people will hear you , and then exclude you from the debate over which food to get since they know that you are just voting no . 
  when the pizza guy ( isds ) shows up later that night , you ca n't get upset because the majority of people wanted food ( a trade deal ) but you were n't willing to work on deciding what type of food to get . 
  it 's an interesting question - the short reason is that beyond your social security number , the government has no universal records of citizens . 
  if you wish to vote , you have to register in the state where you currently live - the government does n't know where you live unless you tell them . 
  same for drivers licenses - you do n't need to have one , and there is no required national id card or required passport . 
  similarly , the government can not compel citizens to sign up for the draft against their will , but they can penalize non-compliance with fines or jail time . 
  it 's sort of just a philosophical difference in the role of the government . . you are always able to opt out if you 'd prefer fines or running from the law . 
  in practice of course the vast majority of people comply , but that way it 's sort of giving the government consent vs having the government act on your behalf . 
  like most things in the us , it was probably a big deal 200 years ago , and now we do n't want to change the system . 
  same thing with guns and refusing to quarter troops . 
  the a10 should be thought of as artillery , not as an attack aircraft . 
  it 's actual design was envisioned to stop advancing tank columns into western europe by flying in low and fast and shooting everything it could before sams and aa catch up to the front-line . 
  they were basically designed to last one mission during the cold war . 
  therefore , it actually makes sense to station them in eastern europe as they would be a good deterrent to advancing armored columns . 
  aa and sams require setup to be most effective , so a mobile group would be vulnerable to the a10s speed and range . 
  finally , the a10 carries ag missiles as well for tanks , and can defeat mbts through dive bombing with its main gun . 
  although you are correct in that the main gun is generally for slightly softer targets . 
  current doctrine implies that any territory dispute in eastern europe would not be enough to trigger a nuclear response , since it would be a self-defeating move . 
  therefore , it 's very possible that the next war would be a proxy hot war between separatists and nationalists armed by the corresponding countries . 
  in this scenario , it would make sense for a10s to be deployed against separatist armor columns since they would not be protected by super-advanced aa if they are moving forward . 
  for sure . 
  it 's definitely a case of self-selection bias . 
  the americans you 'll meet on / r/europe ( like myself ) are very interested in geopolitics , and have lived or currently live in europe . 
  i enjoy discussing issues here because it 's cool to hear other perspectives , even if they are ones that i fundamentally disagree with . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the only romantic idea of europe that americans have is vacationing in paris or rome , not anything to do with geopolitics . 
  the vast majority of americans love europe , and do n't have strong opinions about individual nations . 
  the us leadership also does not want to `` control '' europe - we want to empower europe to manage their own defense through building a large coalition force ( nato ) . 
  i think that the insecurity is a one-way street here - americans do n't really care about europe 's place in the world , and certainly do not perceive it as threatening . 
  we just think of europe as a more civilized , chiller place to live . 
  bigger deal is that the [ us just sent 10 x a10s to romania for the first time ever ] ( http://www.military.com/daily-news/2015/04/01/nato-deploys-twelve-a10s-to-romania-to-deter-russian-aggression.html ) - literally the scariest news for any russian tank driver . 
  [ getting hit by dozens of coke-bottle sized depleted uranium rounds just does n't sound like a fun time in the park . 
  haha need my coffee - i read netherlands as norway . 
  while i agree with you , the us also has the deadliest land border of any country that is not in an active war with their neighbor . 
   ciudad mier , mexico ( ap ) -- once again , the bodies are piling up . 
   at least 14 people died tuesday in several firefights between federal forces and gunmen in the city of reynosa , across the border from mcallen , texas . 
  the dead included 10 alleged gunmen , two federal police officers and two bystanders , tamaulipas state authorities said . 
   gunmen blocked some of the industrial city 's main avenues with buses in the afternoon and then ambushed federal police officers on patrol , officials said . 
   earlier this month in the border town of ciudad mier , gunmen peppered the facade of the main hotel , leaving at least 20 bullet holes in the two-story building . 
  the next day , soldiers killed four of the alleged attackers . 
  a day after that , three other gunmen were found dead near the rio grande . 
   a spasm of violence has left at least 64 dead throughout the northern state of tamaulipas this month , according to an associated press tally of official and mexican media reports . 
  that has many worried about a return to the worst days of 2010 , when the security wing of the powerful gulf cartel turned on its former bosses , forming the breakaway zetas group that has distinguished itself for butchery . 
  sounds like ~ ~ norway ~ ~ netherlands moved to something similar to the us system . 
  in the us , all males 18 and over must register of the selective service , which is a database of your information so that in the event of a large war , you can be drafted into the military . 
  last time this happened was vietnam . 
  usually you do this when you get your drivers license renewed at 18 . 
  his point is that the troika needs to stand by their policy decisions , and if they wish to re-write the rules , they need to do it boldly and decisively . 
  right now nobody respects the actual debt targets because they have been violated numerous times by countries like germany and greece without consequence . 
  if there is no enforcement , then why even pretend that there are rules ? 
  you do n't necessarily know what type of reaction a grexit will cause .
