  consumer confidence , purchasing , housing starts , auto sales , commercial construction , tourism , etc are all up across the board , and not just for the wealthiest . 
  it 's so much healthier and better for people to have jobs and feel productive than to be unemployed for years . 
  while the american system is n't perfect , it 's objectively better than a system which perpetuates high unemployment rates . 
  economics is a living science . 
  right now , the american consensus has taken an economy that was in an even deeper hole than the eu in 2008 to 5.3 % unemployment and fairly strong economic growth . 
  in a country of 317 million people . 
  meanwhile in that same time span , the eu has n't really recovered at all . 
  you can dismiss the above comment if you 'd like , but when it comes to the exotic monetary and stimulus policies that have been envisioned and enacted in the us , vs the austerity and `` business as usual '' policies from germany and neighbors , it 's clear which philosophy has evolved to meet the needs of its ecosystem . 
  europeans are awesome and have a wealth of history , culture , art , and generally positive contributions to society in which to be proud . 
  however , lots of people here are insecure about europe 's place in the world , and clearly have a desire to be more nationalistic/proud of the eu without actually turning into the us or a united states of europe . 
  it creates a quandary for a lot of posters here since they clearly want to express a degree of european nationalism , but also feel guilty about the idea and do n't want to invite comparisons to american patriotism ( the horror ! ), 
  having pride in one 's country is the idea that you accept the good things as products of your system , and also acknowledge the failings and work to fix them . 
  i 'm under no delusions that the us is perfect or even anywhere close , but i love this country because i 've seen how we can put aside our differences and work together to get things done during times of crisis . 
  i think that unfortunately a lot of europeans do n't have that same attitude when it comes to completely separate countries in the eu ( as evidenced by the rhetoric surrounding the greek crisis ) , which makes it hard to feel that same collective pride . 
  it makes a lot of the downvotes and the comments here fairly aggressive when the issue of union-wide problems come up , which is n't great for those of us who want to rationally discuss topics . 
  ... that and the fact that europeans mostly ignore asia when discussing geopolitics . 
  the 21st century will be a pacific century , not an atlantic one . 
  overall though europe rocks !, 
  that 's because third world countries that are shareholders in the bank would lose money if they wrote off greek loans . 
  it 's simply unconscionable to ask sub-saharan african nations to pay for a european country 's debt . 
  that 's why the imf is holding firm , and why europe needs to clean up their own mess . 
  i missed the part where snowden is a media organization . 
  or where he 's banned from returning to the us . 
  he 's in hiding because he thinks that he 'll be arrested if he returns . 
  this is a great display of how nobody fucks with the internal revenue service . 
  they even beat the swiss . 
  what us model ? 
  what us news organizations have been charged for publishing classified materials ? 
  name one . 
  i think that it 's important to state that legality is a construct - lots of lawyers and legal experts have criticized the fisa courts for being shady and circumventing the constitution . 
  the administration would argue that their lawyers say that it 's legal . 
  eventually it 'll be taken to the supreme court if challenged enough . 
  it 's very different than an explicit law allowing surveillance to happen . 
  more like it 's unix 's son or grandson : [ family tree ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/unix_timeline.en.svg ), 
   also , do those countries have laws comparable to the new french ones ? 
  i know the usa does [ ... ] care to point out a comparable law in the us ? 
  remember that the nsa spying on germany does n't mean it 's legal for the nsa to spy on american citizens in the us . 
  [ nsa spying on american citizens is illegal ] ( https://www.aclu.org/nsa-spying-americans-illegal ) the us government can not spy on an american citizen without a warrant - that 's literally the 4th amendment to the constitution . 
  it 's nothing like the french example where they made warrant-less surveillance legal . 
  the stories about the nsa or secret fisa courts are examples of those entities breaking the law - it 's not supposed to be happening and there was clearly a huge backlash against those programs . 
  the best measure to look at is unemployment , and then maybe wage growth . 
  everything else gets skewed by the edges of the population . 
  unix is american too :p, 
  i mean , if i saw a picture of an 11 year old holding what looks ( to an untrained eye ) like an assault rifle , i 'd probably at least research further to see why they have it . 
  kids do all sorts of stupid things ... give them a lethal weapon and i can see where people would be upset . 
  also , pretty sure that most people on this sub would n't be cool with a pre-teen owning a gun , haha, 
  wait what ? 
  in that article it specifically stated that the dad had a lawyer , and that the police cleared them of any wrongdoing . 
  everyone agreed that the initial report was overblown , and they respected his right to keep his safe closed . 
  not sure what the issue is ? 
  i 'll take `` how to kill the un in one move '' for 500 alex. 
  the us gets a ton of flack for our overzealous legal culture , where everything is open to being challenged or sued , but i think that it does help in situations like these where someone is getting fined for * writing something on the internet * . 
  that would get tossed out in 10 seconds in the states . 
  just download a european os instead . 
  if you look at the lineage of the people involved with the halliburton/rumsfeld/cheney unholy trinity , russian billionaires would n't even be the shadiest people in the country , let alone overall . 
  the us government handed private contractors over $ 140,000,000,000 in taxpayer money during that decade , with very loose accounting practices . 
  i think that the russians would fit in just fine . 
  you definitely appreciate it more when you are older - it 's crazy that it 's an active warship !, 
  they told us that if needed , they have the ability to sail it over to the middle east and shoot the cannons , haha . 
  it would take over a month to get there , but it 's still able to do it just like its first campaign in the mediterranean back in the early 19th century !, 
  that blows my mind . 
  yeah seriously , they forgot old ironsides , the oldest active warship in the navy !, 
  it was launched in 1797 !, 
  [ currently based in boston ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ed/uss_constitution_fires_a_17-gun_salute.jpg/1280px-uss_constitution_fires_a_17-gun_salute.jpg ), 
  [ similar idea , but now with more european countries !, 
  ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2015/06/usmap20131.jpg&amp;w=1484 ), 
   like the war in libya , in centrafrique , in mali ? 
  you mean where france had to have the us refuel all of their aircraft for them since they do n't have strategic refueling capabilities in warzones ? 
  sorry , i 'm not sure what point you are trying to make ? 
  are you trying to reassure yourself that the us sucks or something ? 
  i was simply replying to the op who said that the lowest tier ( mddonald 's ) workers in france , italy , germany , etc live better than americans making $ 80,000 a year , which is simply a silly statement . 
  because it 's untrue . 
  i used to think the same things about the us until i lived in europe . 
   the ecb will have to stop qe at some point in time . 
  then gov yields will increase and banks move back to them from housing and housing prices come down . 
  housing prices have increased tens of percents in 5 years . 
  it wo n't end well . . 
  pretty sure that housing prices have been skyrocketing for much longer than qe has been around . 
  monetary policy does n't really do much to influence it - it 's instead the banking sector and private wealth sector that it pumping billions into equities . 
  they do n't need qe to justify it , and i really doubt that the prices will ever fall . 
  your definition of qe is n't very correct . 
  here 's a good place to start if you want to actually understand what quantitative easing does : http://www.cnbc.com/id/100760150 it 's not increasing m0 and m1 , which is what most people think of when they hear the phrase `` printing money '' . 
  just look at the us rate of inflation from the past decade during three round of qe to see that they are n't necessarily correlated . 
  an oversupply of easy credit creates bubbles since it lowers to bar for who can access a loan . 
  it has nothing to do with the money supply or `` printing money '' , but instead has to do with the fact that the beneficiaries of the easy credit ( via qe ) are investing too much of their capital in real estate . 
  it 's not a problem with the policy , it 's a problem with the fact that there are too few investment-grade opportunities in europe right now , so everyone is stashing their money in urban real-estate . 
  it has nothing to do with inflation or `` printing money . '', 
  spotted the american that has never left the us . 
  so wait , nobody is listening to the eu commission , right ? 
  so in order to call attention to the issue of non-compliance , the commission decides to sue big bad american and british studios in order to gain attention ? 
  and somehow i 'm the one being a populist ? 
  the commission is non democratic , frankly uninformed on many issues surrounding technology , and worst of all weirdly protectionist . 
  from suing google and amazon to this , they are basically just grasping at low hanging fruit . 
  yo cool it on the personal attacks . 
  this is n't is n't nearly as cut and dry as your comments or your link to the eu law implies , because most member nations have obviously decided that the clause you refer to does n't apply to their national copyright legislation . 
  that eu law was passed in 2008 and yet non-compliance is rampant . 
  all i 'm saying is that instead of attacking hollywood , the commission should make a more concerted effort to address non compliance with the national governments . 
  the eu certainly has not harmonized copyright laws as of right now . 
  from the article :  the case will not only challenge the hollywood business model , but also the national copyright laws of the 28 member countries , which the eu is trying to harmonize under the digital single market strategy . 
   defenders of the status quo argue country-by-country licensing helps sustain investment in national cultural industries .
