  i did n't realize that you were approaching it from that angle . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  i assumed that in most countries you would be offered something like points or cash back for using credit cards , but it sounds like that 's not the case in some places in europe . 
  i fully agree though - if you are n't getting rewards then there 's no reason to use a credit card . 
  interesting - it must be a regional thing . 
  all the small or local merchants in my city accept cards via square or whatever trendy mobile system because it brings them more business . 
  all the food trucks i go to at lunch are super cheap and take cards because it gets them a ton more people . 
  generally i do n't see prices being raised for credit cards , but i do see credit card minimums ( like over $ 5 or over $ 10 for card ) . 
  i do see your point though . 
  perhaps it just takes a critical mass of people rejecting cash to get everyone on-board with cards ? 
  i have seen the different pricing for cash or card at gas stations , but that seems like a silly thing to pay for in cash . 
  it would take much longer to walk into the store to pay , haha . 
   how is the money coming out of your account at the end of the month better than instantly ? 
  because you get points and benefits for free ? 
  points = free money . 
   using ec-cards is cheaper . 
  it 's electronic cash , but not with a credit card company making a profit with my money . 
  this seems like a super common misconception . 
  if you use your credit card correctly in the us by paying your bill when it is due , the credit card company never has your money at any point in time . 
  they give you essentially a 1-month loan at 0 % interest , and then also give you free points or cash back . 
  if you pay it off automatically , you literally never give an extra dime to the credit card company , but they give you free stuff in return . 
  add to that extensive fraud protection , free travel insurance , global concierge , and sometimes even exclusive access to clubs or airport lounges and it seems like a pretty good deal to me . 
  cash does n't do anything cool for you . 
  it can just get lost or stolen or depreciate in your pocket . 
  my cash sits nicely in an interest-earning account until it is ready to pay off my credit card bill . 
  is an ec card sort of like a charge card , or a pre-paid card ? 
  in the us you can get credit cards that you have to pay off in full no matter what each month ( the amex green card is a classic example ) , but it still earns you points . 
  we also have a category of cards called debit cards , but that 's just like writing a check : the money comes directly out of your bank account and you do n't earn rewards . 
  i hear you about the debt thing , but the way i use my card i do n't incur debt either . 
  or are you referring to the psychological effect of temporarily owing money on the statement ? 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  before i give my 2c , i just want to give my disclaimer that this is not meant as a judgement of germany - i just want to give the opposite take . 
  i do n't understand the love for cash . 
  i almost never use cash in the us . 
  i have a bank account where my paycheck gets deposited . 
  i then link my bank account to my credit card account so that every month , no matter if i 'm traveling or asleep or dead , my credit card balance is paid off automatically without incurring any penalty or interest . 
  i then proceed to buy everything that i possibly can using my credit card , with the only exception being cash for small local coffee shops and my barber . 
  in return , i receive a ton of free points . 
  i got 40,000 just for signing up and using my card , and i get points on every dollar i spend . 
  this has allowed me to take multiple airline flights for free , train rides for free , etc. 
  i 've estimated that my points have given me over $ 1,000 this year in free travel through some great redemption opportunities . 
  there is literally no downside either . 
  i build my credit , i do n't have to worry about paying my bills , and all that is required is that i not buy things that i obviously ca n't afford . 
  i 've paid exactly $ 0 in interest , just like if i were using cash , but unlike cash i get free flights . 
  also , unlike cash , if my wallet gets stolen i do n't lose any money - visa does . 
  and they go after fraud hard so i do n't see any money leave my account at all . 
  so to me , the benefits of a credit card far outweigh using cash . 
  what do you like about cash ? 
  edit : a few points that i 've seen made below . 
  in the us all medium and large merchants take credit cards , and they are prohibited from charging different prices for cash or credit cards . 
  if i use cash at these stores , i am effectively paying the `` transaction fee charge '' for the credit card pricing but getting none of the benefits . 
  considering that businesses are n't going to move away from credit cards , you are getting ripped off using cash . 
  i 'll agree with privacy concerns . 
  if you do n't want companies to know stuff about you , do n't use ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ ~ ~ amazon ~ ~ ~ ~ spotify ~ ~ ~ ~ ebay ~ ~ ~ ~ fedex ~ ~ ~ ~ the internet ~ ~ credit cards . 
  i think it 's easy to become proficient for sure , even fluent , but mastery implies that you understand the vast majority of the vocabulary and grammar rules . 
  i myself am a native english speaker but i still stumble on weird rules and spellings and words that i 've never seen before . 
  for instance : if you meet an inchoate rendezvous of inimical misanthropes with laconic loquacity , what european country are they probably from ? 
  easy to learn , very hard to master . 
  basic english is super easy , but then things get weird . 
  looks pretty similar to the us x-45 program : http://www.airforce-technology.com/projects/x-45-ucav/, 
  great article . 
  i 've been saying it for a while now , but you ca n't rest on short-term success and expect it to continue forever . 
  for germany to remain competitive in the next 10 years they 'll need to start pumping more public money back into their country . 
  it 's silly that the government is bragging about running a surplus when there are crumbling bridges and highways . . it 's like bragging about having a wallet full of cash when you have overdue bills on the table . 
  the us also had a little bit of a recession during the same time , if you recall . 
  basically it 's been a wash , but it 's not clear that the euro has increased its market share . 
  the business cycle naturally has booms and busts . 
  the point of stimulus is to inject money into parts of the economy that everyday people use , like roads , bridges , new parks , etc. 
  austerity only benefits corporations since it shifts all the money out of the government 's hands and into the hands of companies . 
  the us is defined ( in my opinion ) by its lack of a single culture , but rather by its collection of hundreds of different cultures . 
  melting pot and all of that . 
  i would n't say unbeatable , but certainly without equal in this generation . 
  basketball is a great sport though . 
  i hope that it continues to grow in popularity . 
  do n't worry mate , there are tons of irrational haters on this sub . 
  they 'll downvote you simply for being american . 
  i totally agree though - america is the only true `` post-culture '' country , and it drives europeans crazy because we do n't fit nicely into a simple stereotype . 
  i get unlimited paid vacation days ( it 's up to my judgement of course , i would n't be able to take 5 months off because i feel like it ) , my health insurance through my state and employer ( i can double up ) covers pretty much everything . 
  for instance my last medical checkup with some lab tests and an md eval cost me . . $ 14 out of pocket . 
  maternity leave is also up to your employer , but mine offers 3 months paid regardless if you are the father or mother . 
  i also get matching 401k contributions . 
  i mean , you can believe what you want to believe about how terrible life is in working america . 
  i 've obviously been fairly lucky with my job , but it 's not super hard to find similar employment if you network well and really build your skills . 
  i have other friends with even better work packages here . 
  in terms of work-life balance you obviously will be surrounded by more workaholics in the us , but that does n't mean that they do n't have fun or enjoy what they do . 
  bottom line is that there are millions of happy , successful and wealthy people in the united states . 
  do n't let the horror stories dictate how you perceive an entire country . 
  have you been to the us ? 
  the jobs here are pretty damn good if you have a college education . 
  i get free food , transit passes , beer , event tickets , international travel , very competitive salary and good bonuses at my current us job , and pretty much all of my friends have a similar setup . 
  it 's just that you do n't hear about those stories because unemployed or underemployed people complain the most . 
  also , a ton of people i work with are european . 
  the specifically moved here because of the job opportunities . 
  wow , now we have fox news talking points in this thread . 
  i 've seen it all !, 
  america has always been for expanding trade and increasing friendly trade linkages with other like-minded countries . 
  if you have been paying attention , the current backlash against ttip in europe ( which has been marred with unnecessary hysteria and suspicion ) has caused the us to take a step back and reconsider how they approach new trade agreements . 
  the new strategy , assuming that ttip does n't pan out , is bilateral trade talks with individual european nations . 
  i think that it 's fairly obvious that the us would have far more leverage in negotiating a 1-on-1 trade deal with france than they would with the entire eu . 
  free trade is more or less inevitable in the western world .
