  the intransigence from the eu will not stop it from happening piecemeal if it comes to that . 
  essentially , be careful what you wish for when you vote to scuttle ttip . 
  this thread has officially jumped the shark . 
  if you thought obama was a left-leaning liberal after he spent 10 years teaching at u chicago , i think that you only have one person to blame : yourself . 
  secondly , you are giving the media too much credit . 
  they are only reporting what sells , and giving people daily political science lessons is n't the role of network news . 
  people get to decide their political leanings themselves through analysis of news , not through indoctrination . 
  the last people i want explaining neoliberalism to my parents is cnn or fox . 
  no not really , look up the climate charts of stockholm vs minneapolis . 
  the only real difference is that it gets a bit colder in minneapolis during the winters . 
  yeah london felt most like an american city for sure , but i 've lived there for a while so it felt like home anyways . 
  for me i 'd have to say that stockholm ( and the surrounding area ) feel most comfortable and most like home compared to where i 'm from originally ( middle of the us ) . 
  there is something about the quiet streets in the morning , nice markets , bikes strewn about , and the nice neighborhoods around the city center that gives it a very tranquil feeling . 
  add to that the surrounding countryside and it definitely feels at home . 
  maybe it helps that most of my ancestors were swedish ? 
   in general , the drafts for a new d\u00e9tente policy had a quaint and musty air , and they were in any case irrelevant , for now the great revolution in the east , the collapse of the gdr , and the unification of germany made ostpolitik a dead issue . 
  the astonishing thing about its last days is that none of its advocates expected what happened , and all of them had long since stopped believing in the unification of their country as anything more than the remotest of possibilities , if they thought of it at all . 
  thus , in the course of two decades , the increasing doctrinarism of the ostpolitik process had eaten away its substance . 
   it is undeniable that , as garton ash points out in a rather involved chapter called `` findings , '' ostpolitik brought some important benefits to people in east berlin and east germany ( one thinks , for example , of the relaxation of travel standards ) . 
  through its strategy of weaving , it also did a great deal to bring the attractions of the west home to the peoples of eastern europe . 
  it was even more successful in persuading the soviet union that germany was no longer a threat , and that in fact germany was its most promising and important economic partner . 
  this doubtless influenced gorbachev 's behavior during the crisis of german unification ( although surely no more than george bush 's unwavering support of unification and his insistence on the new germany 's right to belong to nato ) . 
  but in view of the things that ostpolitik did not do , surely the salient issue is whether over the long haul the more differentiated policy of the united states , with its readiness to use sanctions as well as economic incentives , its public support of human rights and those fighting for them , and the higher priority it placed upon the element of force in diplomacy , did not after all contribute more to what happened in 1989-90 than all the maneuvers and compromises of genscherism . 
  the author raises this question but makes rather heavy weather of it , saying in effect that it is too complicated to be answered plainly . 
  source : http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/49450/gordon-a-craig/did-ostpolitik-work tl ; dr : ostpolitik was certainly very interesting and did some good things , but to say that it was germany 's only policy or the reason for germany 's lack of involvement in the cold war is not supported by evidence . 
  i come here to bring different opinions into the mix , usually knowing full well that most people wo n't want to hear them . 
  it 's a pretty standard reaction . 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  the berlin wall was the cold war . 
  shh shh ... do n't upset their convenient worldview with historical facts . 
  he saw signs of war yesterday !, 
  also , yes let 's create an enormous strawman of how blind americans are just because our great-grandparents died in your countries during the war instead of their own . 
  nobody in the us thinks that the us is perfect by any means . 
  this is a pretty classic reply that misses the point entirely . 
  the cold war was intense for americans because in the event of a nuclear war , the us certainly would have been bombed . 
  remember that little historical event called the cuban missile crisis ? 
  those nukes were n't aimed at london . 
  i know that what is good for the us is n't always good for europe - that is my entire point !, 
  european leaders can not demand that the us follows a different policy anymore than the us can demand that europe follows a different policy . 
  that is my entire point about how the us is ignoring europe . 
  i specifically said that i was ** not here to debate whether it was right for the cia to intervene in countries ** - personally i think it was a stupid policy . 
  but yes , please act like i 'm a shill for united fruit . 
  so hey , enjoy your gold . 
  you never addressed my points about how europe lacks a credible , non-nato defense doctrine . 
  you never addressed how germany caving to russian demands is a bad precedent . 
  you never addressed how the us public does n't want anything to do with europe anymore , especially when it is constantly rubbed in our faces that you have free healthcare and higher quality of life . 
  you can surely understand why this whole episode is one big , giant i told you so moment for robert gates . 
  also , i live in brussels , just fyi . 
  that 's why i post here sometimes . 
  i did n't misspell his name at all - adding an - e instead of using the umlaut is perfectly acceptable in german when you do not have the ability to type an umlaut . 
  look at how he spells his own website : www.wolfgang-schaeuble.de umlauts are n't a thing in standard english so our keyboards do n't have a shortcut for them . 
  edit : haha , when you get proven wrong you downvote me ? 
  woo great argument there - i spelled his name correctly in my original post . 
  secondly , i 'm an economist , while your finance minister is a lawyer by profession . 
  just because he 's a finance minister does n't mean that he understands high-end macroeconomics . 
  i have no question that he understands accounting and organization management better than i , but that 's nowhere near the same thing as understanding monetary policy or macroeconomics . 
  his jd thesis was `` the public accountant 's professional legal situation within accountancy firms '' janet yelen 's phd thesis was `` employment , output and capital accumulation in an open economy : a disequilibrium approach '' while both obviously had impressive resumes , it 's not hard to see that yelen is more qualified academically to understand how a country 's economy works and how best to guide it . 
  the fact that sch\u00e4uble vehemently disagrees with yelen on policy is pretty telling , considering that she 's much more qualified than he is . 
  sch\u00e4uble is a politician , yellen is an economist . 
  who do you trust to make the correct economic decisions for your country ? 
  obviously crimea was a special case - putin would n't dare invade another time now that the eu leadership has reprimanded him . 
  just look at how [ they treated him at the world cup !, 
  ] ( http://media.pn.am/media/issue/180/661/photo/180661.jpg ), 
  ... yet this whole article is about how the american congressional leadership and the white house is ignoring germany 's misgivings about offering nato membership to ukraine . 
  if germany is a special case , it 's not very apparent from this side of the atlantic . 
   in the united states , both democrat politician robert menendez , chairman of the us senate foreign relations committee , and the republican senator john mccain have spoken out in favor of supplying weapons to the ukrainian army . 
  but western european politicians believe russian president vladimir putin would see this as a provocation , and tantamount to handing him an excuse to invade . 
  like putin needs an excuse at all to invade a country . 
  the us and europe sells military equipment all the time to estonia , latvia , poland , etc. 
  does that give putin the right to invade those countries too ? 
  this is a case where europe 's weakness in geopolitics is painfully evident . 
  since germany has spent the last few decades on the sidelines when it comes to foreign affairs , their opinion on matters pertaining to georgia or ukraine do not hold much sway in american or russian policy circles . 
  you have to back up your words with actions or else you wo n't have any credibility . 
  the us has spent the better part of the last century pushing back or counterbalancing the ussr . 
  they did it in vietnam , afghanistan , latin america , cambodia , iran , cuba , korea , etc. 
  ** while i 'm not here to debate whether or not these interventions were a good thing or not , ** the fact is that the us played almost all of those conflicts solo . 
  europe was by and large left aside during the cold war . 
  this is important because putin is a cold warrior . 
  he only sees the world like it was in the 60s , and therefore the only challenge to russia is still the united states . 
  he sees europe as weak militarily , and unwilling to pay a heavy price to defend peripheral nations like ukraine or georgia . 
  the only country that worries putin is the united states , and the way the us operates in europe is via nato . 
  the us recognizes this , and is willing to play hardball with putin in order to push the russians back into their place . 
  frankly , germany gave up their right to make these sorts of decisions when they decided not to be equal contributors to nato . 
  until germany decides to actually meet their contribution guidelines for nato membership , their opinion does n't hold weight with the united states , and therefore it does n't matter to putin . 
  the bottom line is that if the us wants to continue to put pressure on putin via extending nato invitation to ukraine or georgia , countries like germany do not have the clout to say no . 
  you can not have your cake and eat it too , and you certainly can not conduct a disengaged , hands-off foreign policy and then expect everyone to respect your wishes when you change your mind . 
  just to be clear , i am arguing that the idea of a debt brake is absolutely stupid . 
  thus , the main instigator of the modern debt-brake initiative , shaeuble , is an absolute idiot for implementing it . 
  in the article you link it clearly presents the debt brake as a german-created initiative , pushed by merkel and shaeuble . 
  the article you linked is from 2011 , and they implemented the debt brake across the ez the same year . 
  let 's see what happened vs a country ( the us ) that did not implement a debt brake : gdp and demand : http://imgur.com/ey5abad unemployment : http://imgur.com/qqbtzys government debt to gdp ( ez ) http://i.imgur.com/dvhajjk.png so it 's not clear that the debt brake really reduced debt at all , but it is clear that tight fiscal policies dampened and/or reversed the recovery in europe . 
  trust me , i want to see the eurozone and the eu flourish - i 'd love to live there again someday . 
  currently though , these backward economic policies are keeping europe stagnant and preventing a recovery . 
  for some perspective , you should know that the idea of the debt brake was seriously proposed in the united states in 2010 as well - by the tea party ( far right ) . 
  their proposal was ridiculed by nearly every economist in the united states , and the democrats and moderate republicans voted it down easily . 
  it 's fairly telling that policies that are considered far right-wing in the us have been implemented by the `` serious people '' in europe without nearly any introspection . 
  labor is just one component of course . 
  the reason that i brought up reintegration is because west germany was already very developed with advanced manufacturing processes and automated assembly lines ( costly investments ) . 
  add to that the influx of workers from east germany and you get a nice , pre-built industrial economy with lower cost of living than france or the uk . 
  it 's not a mystery at all .
