  some 25 years ago , usa was stereotypically that ideal , prosperous place . 
  where people have money , jobs , houses , where there 's more freedom and democracy , and everything is perfect . 
  then of course with better information came the understanding that it is n't quite like that , that there are poor people in the states , and that it has its own problems , like any other country . 
  kinda funny though since the most patriotic people i meet today are people who immigrated to the us from behind the iron curtain , and their kids . 
  they tend to love america more than almost everyone who became a citizen through birth . 
  good video , although to the last point the us does n't have a federally-recognized official language . 
  english is just the de facto language - it 's not required in federal government . 
  the us was also under no obligation to rebuild western europe after wwii yet here we are . 
  sometimes countries take being an ally seriously , even if its not in their best interests . 
  nato was about countering the soviets - suez was about ending european imperialism . 
  well yeah clearly it was n't a well thought out war by any means . 
  my only point was that people mostly just remember it as an american disaster and forget about the significant french role in the conflict . 
  and there would n't have been communists to fight had the french peacefully given up their colony instead of trying to fight to keep it . 
  instead , french forces got routed , and the us had to send ever more `` advisors '' to help them out , until it became a full blown war and the french retreated , leaving the americans . 
  because it 's not bullshit ? 
  there were very real problems with the weapon supply chain and france covered it up by saying that they did n't want to dip into their reserves . 
  truth was that they would have had to wait weeks for delivery since their munitions were n't ready to be deployed , which is a huge readiness issue . 
  they also had to use us air-to-air refueling tankers , sea tenders , troop transport aircraft ( mali ) , and strategic munition stores . 
  internal reports concluded that the french did n't have the capability to run the operation without the us supply chain or 3rd party equipment . 
  the us actually charged the french a rental fee for their aircraft but the french threw such a fit over it that the us ended up waiving tens of millions of dollars in operation expenses to help the french save face . 
  * thank you * - people always seem to gloss over the fact that the incompetent french colonial regime bungled their own war so badly that the americans worried about losing vietnam/indochina to the soviets . 
  ho chi minh actually initially loved america , lived there , and tried to lobby the americans to recognize his country 's independence movement in the spirit of the us declaration of independence , but wilson rejected him at the behest of his french allies . 
  the rest is history . 
  nah our energy is much , much cheaper . 
  mix in a superior supply chain with regards to raw materials and distance to delivery and it 's clear that the us has an advantage . 
  additionally , aircraft factory employees are n't getting paid min wage by any means - they are highly skilled . 
  check out boeing 's operation for a taste of the craft that goes into aircraft manufacturing . 
  airbus is claiming that this new factory will be the most advanced yet . 
  us military doctrine has always been about penetrating heavily denied airspace with speed and stealth . 
  nobody in europe has better aaa than russia , and the us military is designed to go up against the latest and greatest . 
  go look up videos of the bombing of baghdad to see how stealth completely defeated mass amounts of aaa . 
  additionally , the us can fly round-trip bombing routes to europe from the us . 
  infinite resupply capabilities there . 
   also the eu has more land forces than the us and can field a larger force cheaper than the us can ... ... in an all out war , the eu would win without a doubt . 
  all out war where ? 
  there 's no way for the eu army to leave europe . 
  the us is the only military that can deploy full-strength oversees . 
  that alone should be the only criteria worth considering . 
  it 's like saying that you 've got the world 's best football team , but they can only play in their home stadium . 
  ca n't be the best if you ca n't leave your backyard . 
  not sure that the us has an alternative to the chinese missiles , but there are a few more things to consider about the carrier missiles . 
  1 ) they need to be guided by satellites/radar . 
  in the event of an attack , the missile itself would n't need to be destroyed , just the guidance systems . 
  2 ) lasers have already been loaded onto carriers . 
  they key attribute that makes the chinese missile deadly is its speed . 
  currently not many missiles can outrun it , but a laser is infinitely faster and could take it down . 
  3 ) us abm tech has been around for decades . 
  here 's an old sprint missile test that was designed for last-second stopping power : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msxtgtvmcua, 
  trump is your guy !, 
  it 's going to be next on the list of big ticket reforms . 
  probably next to education . 
  but since it 's election season for another year it probably wo n't happen until 2017 unless something drastic happens . 
  saudi arabia is an important strategic ally . 
  what 's best for the us is n't what 's best for the region , and not always what 's best for europe . 
  and in the coming years there will be far more disagreements between the us and europe on many issues , but only one side will get to act unilaterally . 
  aka , sorry for the refugees . 
  the eu was a french project to essentially control european affairs as a counter to the literal occupation of their continent by the allied powers , notably the us , during the cold war . 
  they struck a powerful alliance with west germany which allowed them to essentially control policy decisions while the germans happily cranked out tons of capital and got to lay low on the international scene . 
  for most the eu 's and eec 's lifetime , it has been a french project . 
  after the introduction of the euro though , and via the frankfurt-based ecb , france lost their de facto control over the eu and ceded it to germany during the 00s , when germany 's economy started picking up steam and the influence over the ecb mixed with the extremely favorable euro gave germany an enormous boost . 
  france could n't keep up , and today is suspiciously inward-facing politically . 
  basically , to save the eu you must get the french back on top politically . 
  the germans are n't evil or anything , but their economic interests are driving their politics in a direction that is detrimental to the rest of the eu project . 
  i am by no means a supporter of the us invasion of iraq , but saddam killed between 200,000 and 500,000 iraqis during his reign , and used chemical weapons in some cases . 
  this was exactly the type of state-sponsored mass murder that we all said would never again happen after the horrors of the past century , but when the us + allies came in and toppled saddam everyone quickly realized that no party was `` good '' in iraq . 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  that was after heavy german immigration in the first half of the 19th century . 
  before that , it was a majority anglo state - at least within the ruling class . 
  go look at everyone buried in boston that contributed to the cause of independence - almost all are english names . 
  you do realize that an incredible amount of the logistics work necessary to get the aid into warzones in iraq and syria is organized by the us military ? 
  there have been thousands of food and water airdrops from c-17s and c-130s to support populations that have been cut off by isis or that are displaced by war . 
  this whole `` per capita '' argument is just a way to feel smug while the brunt of the aid distribution work is organized by the us military - a service which us taxpayers fund to the tune of tens of billions annually . 
  but since it 's not the red cross , it does n't count ? 
  except for the unprecedented turbulence in the chinese economy , which could seriously cut into german sales ... 
  because it 's ludicrous to say that the us is a weak provider of foreign aid . 
  if you had any experience in the industry you 'd understand . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_giving_index get off your fucking high horse . 
   you created isis [ citation needed ], 
  the us certainly is partially responsible , but not * directly * responsible for syria . 
  yeah i completely agree - it 's partly why the us was there for a decade trying to clean up after the initial invasion . 
  as i mentioned to a different commentator , most of the us international aid is run via the military - specifically on the ground relief and evacuations and dangerous situations like tsunamis and earthquakes . 
  when us carriers show up and filter millions of gallons of water and act as logistics staging for relief agencies , it is n't reported as international aid . 
  but hey , haters are going to hate either way . 
  the us military budget includes billions for building infrastructure in places like iraq and afghanistan , and the military had spent most of the past decade distributing aid and supplies to attempt to keep the countries from falling into famine or war , so i 'd say that counts as foreign aid . 
  it 's just run through the dod instead of usaid . 
  look up the relief ops run by the navy as an example . 
  the us is also 3x-4x farther away from syria than any european nation , so it stands to reason that we should n't be as invested . 
  this is happening on your doorstep , and therefore it 's in your immediate interest to help out . 
  the us is doing it because it 's in their general interest to avoid instability , but nobody from syria is washing up on our shores . 
  that was 7 years ago - the us is now officially at full employment and grew at 3.7 % last quarter . 
  what 's europe 's excuse ? 
  maybe stubbornness and sticking with austerity is n't a winning strategy after all . 
  the schadenfreude is real . 
  but seriously , i completely agree - it 's funny how the german economic community just does n't understand the risks of basing your country 's economic health based on foreign demand . 
  and then how they strangled their neighbors via austerity ( or by not allowing the ecb to take a pro-growth position on the eurozone crisis ) , making it certain that they needed to rely on non-european demand to buy their products . 
  and then they act like it 's not a problem to leverage their entire economy on the bet that non-european countries like china and india will buy their goods indefinitely ? 
  [ the us government has donated $ 4.1 billion dollars to help the syrian refugee crisis as of august . 
  ] ( https://www.usaid.gov/crisis/syria ) private citizens have donated tens of millions more . 
   on july 31 , usaid 's office of food for peace ( usaid/ffp ) announced $ 65 million in new funding for the un world food program ( wfp ) syria response , which every month provides emergency food assistance to approximately 4 million people inside syria and approximately 1.6 million syrian refugees in neighboring countries . 
  of the $ 65 million , usaid/ffp allocated $ 47 million for wfp regional refugee operations , primarily in jordan and lebanon , and $ 18 million for wfp operations inside syria .
