  the funding helps avert cuts in wfp assistance , due to persistent funding shortfalls , that would otherwise have begun this month . 
   ** the united states remains the single-largest donor of humanitarian aid for those affected by syria crisis **, 
  [ the us government has donated $ 4,110,566,565.00 dollars to help the syrian refugee crisis as of august . 
  ] ( https://www.usaid.gov/crisis/syria ) private citizens have donated tens of millions more . 
   on july 31 , usaid 's office of food for peace ( usaid/ffp ) announced $ 65 million in new funding for the un world food program ( wfp ) syria response , which every month provides emergency food assistance to approximately 4 million people inside syria and approximately 1.6 million syrian refugees in neighboring countries . 
  of the $ 65 million , usaid/ffp allocated $ 47 million for wfp regional refugee operations , primarily in jordan and lebanon , and $ 18 million for wfp operations inside syria . 
  the funding helps avert cuts in wfp assistance , due to persistent funding shortfalls , that would otherwise have begun this month . 
   the united states remains the single-largest donor of humanitarian aid for those affected by syria crisis, 
  you really do n't understand history if you think that america was itching to get into * any * of the mess in europe during wwii . 
  the only thing that changed people 's minds was the sneak attack on pearl harbor . 
  hitler declaring war on the us was necessary for the us to join in the european theater . 
  the us built humanity 's largest military because it had to fight two wars on the opposite sides of the world simultaneously . 
  realistically neither germany nor japan posed an existential threat to the us , so i 'd be careful with your callous depiction of american involvement in the war . 
  hundreds of thousands of americans died on your soil for a fight that they did n't start and for people and nations that they had never seen in their life . 
  the suffix - phobic generally implies a opposition or repelling reaction to whatever it is attached to . 
  simply stating that a country has a neutral trait ( like extroversion ) is n't xenophobic . 
  saying that * you strongly dislike them because * they are extroverted is xenophobic . 
  it 's your interpretation and subsequent reaction that turns a statement into a bias . 
  reverse psychology , 
  uncle sam might come in and setup a nice free trade agreement for the uk exclusively , and basically flip the uk into a north american country instead of a european one . 
  definitely would not let them go . 
  there are trillions of dollars of us property there that would presumably be stolen by whatever west coast government led an insurrection , and we 'd want that back . 
  it 's a pretty silly thought experiment to be honest . 
  simply put , if you are n't trying to actually shoot someone , you put everyone else at lethal risk by firing `` warning shots '' into the air or around the suspect . 
  bullets bounce and they come down in unpredictable places . 
  if the policeman is n't trying to kill a suspect , they should n't be using deadly force period . 
  i think his point was that europeans were outraged and disgusted with the idea that america would consider putting up a wall to keep out illegal immigrants . 
  he/she is just saying that it 's interesting how attitudes have changed now that there is a major immigration problem in europe . 
  that breaks down to under $ 2.90 an hour dude - really do n't think that would improve your current situation . 
  the idea of aiming for specific parts of the body is wildly unrealistic during an actual confrontation . 
  cops and soldiers are taught to aim center mass because bullets do n't exactly fly straight from a pistol . 
  if you 've ever fired a small handgun at a target over 5m away , you will quickly realize how inaccurate they are . 
  to shoot at the ground or at people 's legs dramatically increases the chance of ricochet in any direction , which can strike and kill bystanders . 
  it also dramatically decreases the chance of hitting the target . 
  overall , it 's a terrible idea to fire at legs or limbs * if you 've deemed it appropriate to draw your weapon . 
  * firing live-ammo `` warning shots '' is also not appropriate for law enforcement . 
  if the german police force has deemed it okay to do this , then i think that they are making a mistake . 
  i just read the article and if even one of those issues arose during my time in my american undergrad program , i 'd be extremely annoyed . 
  we had all of our notes posted online , pdfs of the readings for each class available , grades , and contact information for your classmates so you can easily email each other if you want to meet up and study . 
  tests had a time limit , but were not meant to be a race . 
  sections were for asking questions and the assistant profs would walk you through example questions on the board . 
  you could walk into your professor 's office during the week and get help directly . 
  your student id card was rfid and allowed for universal access to university buildings , and you only needed one for your entire four years . 
  if you think that education quality is only about the professor i 'm going to have to disagree . 
  lack of access to resources and byzantine grading systems definitely hamper quality . 
  i think that most americans would argue that our constitution ( specifically the bill of rights ) is the foundation of american rights and principles . 
  while it 's not strictly tied to our geographic land , it has remained a constant thread since the 18th century . 
  exactly !, 
  i think that 's exactly the point i 'm trying to make - you do n't have to be blindly nationalist to be happy to live in your country . 
  eh , that 's a fairly unique feature of american ideology . 
  if we are n't the best , we ask why not . 
  no politician has been elected by promising americans that they 'd be `` top 10 '' . 
  it 's a good thing though in my opinion - if you are just coasting along you are clearly going downhill . 
  i think that you 'll find that patriotism is mostly tongue in cheek these days . 
  still though , you can absolutely take pride in your country without being evil or nationalistic . 
  patriotism is supporting your country , not necessarily supporting your government . 
  it 's called patriotism . 
  you believe in your country 's founding principles and values instead of politicians or political parties . 
  while it can get out of hand , it 's not an altogether bad thing . 
  edit : i still think that the downvoters are missing the point . 
  you can be proud of your country 's people and accomplishments without being a radical or nationalist or idiot . 
  it 's called patriotism , not nationalism or jingoism . 
  the us is n't in an active war in the region ... 
  this happened due to a number of factors , including the wish of european nations to bomb libya . 
  while iraq certainly was n't helpful , it 's not the only thing that is driving conflict in the region . 
  i find that most people do n't really even know what `` ugly business practices '' they are against . 
  they all read about monsanto suing a farmer a few years back and assume that it was unjustified . 
  spoiler alert : the farmer purposely stole seeds that everyone else had to buy . 
  i guarantee you that most people do n't understand how half that industry works , yet they 'll be the first to tell you that monsanto is pure evil . 
  it 's silly . 
  any level of confidence can still be too high . 
  just because people know that there are problems does n't mean that people are taking the problems seriously enough . 
  i think that 's their point . 
  bernie is absolutely not going to win . 
  the reddit echo chamber is insane , and the election is still over a year away . 
  the guy has fervent support , but as soon as the counter research comes out and attack ads run , he 's toast . 
  all they 'd need to do is play clips where he calls himself a socialist and it 's over - socialists are very unpopular among voters . 
  and once again our tax dollars go to solve a european problem . 
  thankfully we are used to it so nobody will complain , but seriously can you guys hurry up and make your own european army ? 
  bit of a gamble though , is n't it ? 
  the us has been pretty clear via nato that member states are off-limit from invasion . 
  an eu army would n't necessarily react with the same absolute resolve if outlying nations were invaded . 
  additionally , russia has a strong military tradition that ca n't be discounted . 
  some of the best tech comes from there for a reason - they are currently the ones launching rockets to the iss ... they are n't behind on military tech when it comes to systems that have actually been tested in the real world . 
  what the hell is `` majority culture '' ? 
  i can only assume that you 've never been to the states . 
  it might be because they do n't really have a choice other than to work hard . 
  the thing about having a welfare state is that it 's easily abused . 
  the us does n't have anything for you really if you are undocumented , which is why most illegal immigrants work in kitchens and construction crews . 
  the other thing too is that they easily blend into the scenery . 
  since americans come from pretty much every country on earth , few people are going to immediately question you if you do n't look like them . 
  i suspect that is n't the case for parts of europe where 90 % of the population is white . 
  therefore , people can actually interact with illegal immigrants and not even know it , which helps build a sense of community . 
  it 's sometimes surprising the people that you find out are here illegally . 
  there are 14 * million * illegal immigrants in the us right now and most people ( trump excluded ) do n't care that much about it . 
  but sure , whatever helps you feel better . 
  did give them free housing though ( homestead act ), 
  yeah it 's important to specify . 
  there are lots of medical tourists in the us but it 's not for cost reasons ... it 's usually because their private jet flew them here , haha, 
  i think that a lot of people appreciate the sentiment , but our issues with healthcare and spending are something that we need to solve ourselves via reforms .
