  it 's really not though . 
  i do n't see why a company that was started in the us and grew thanks to us-taxpayer funded infrastructure , education , cities , etc should be able to hire foreign workers just as easily as us workers . 
  if there are no us workers that meet the requirements for the job , then yes they should be allowed to hire from other countries . 
  but if it 's just a factory job or low-tech office job , our society has agreed that we need to hire from our communities first . 
  i do n't think that it 's too controversial . 
  actually unemployment is a very big issue in the us , and is often discussed by both politicians and the public alike . 
  you have to remember that while some people are n't getting much from the government in terms of aid , the us does n't view unemployment welfare as permanent . 
  it is enough to tide you over between jobs , and that 's about it . 
  if you are disabled or retired you get more . 
  additionally , generations of americans have built this country into what it is today . 
  while we value immigration as a positive in our society , we do not owe anything to the rest of the world . 
  if you want to live and work here , you have to accept that citizens get priority in many situations . 
  seriously . 
  i 've lived in chicago , new york , boston , dc , etc. 
  never once , * once * , in my life have i been the victim of a crime , and i 've never seen a policy officer draw a weapon . 
  i 've certainly seen things like fights and brawls , but nothing that would n't happen anywhere you 'd find drunk people . 
  america is far less dangerous than the stats make it seem . 
  while we can all agree that the us has more violent crime than germany , we can also agree that the scene which just happened in cologne would never have happened in the us , because american police have zero tolerance for that type of behavior . 
  there are ~ 320 million citizens in the us . 
  500 people have died in traffic accidents in the us in the past 5 days . 
  your own source said that 60 % of the deaths were suicides . 
  the vast majority of the rest were gang-related . 
  given that there are well over 300 million guns in the us , it 's actually not nearly as crazy as it sounds . 
  do n't worry , [ america still occupies germany ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/us_military_bases_in_germany_2017.png ) - we 'll keep you safe this time !, 
  honestly though it is pretty magic - i 've driven with autopilot and it was awesome . 
  they also have a mode that automatically parallel parks for you , which it did perfectly even in traffic and between cars . 
  did n't have to touch a thing . 
  it 's really impressive !, 
  i actually mistyped - i meant to say conscription instead of volunteer . 
  i 'm only in favor of it as an alternative to mandatory military service . 
  overall though i 'm not in favor of mandatory service for kids - i did n't make that clear , sorry . 
  the us has the selective service ( draft ) which can be invoked during major wars . 
  even today , all males 18 and over , and under 35 , need to be registered for the draft . 
  the last time it was used was during vietnam . 
  today the us is a professional military , and post-2009 it has become fairly difficult ( aka selective ) to enlist in certain branches . 
  the larger opposition to volunteer ( draft ) armies actually comes from the current military , which does n't really want kids in their ranks that do n't want to be there . 
  i 'd personally be much more in favor of a year of service type of arrangement , where kids have to do some sort of civil or volunteer job outside of their home state for a year . 
  no mandatory military work though . 
  too bad your dollar is worthless right now - probably wo n't be able to travel for a while, 
  the us has a dozen aircraft carriers that can drive all around the world - it does n't * need * bases all over europe to project power . 
  the us military is arguably more effective operating independently of nato , due to the fact that they can use full-spectrum battlefield resources that are n't restricted for export . 
  it 's not like france flies nato-branded b2 bombers , or germany flies f-22s for air superiority missions , or italy operates billion dollar spy satellites to provide live images for precision cruise missiles . 
  nato is n't why the us is a superpower . 
  the us outspending all other major nations combined is why its a military superpower . 
  look at the map of top us trade partners : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/us_trade_final-01.svg this is why the us wants to focus on asia instead of europe . 
  the top three economies in the world are in the pacific . 
  while there are certainly some groups like italians and irish that are very vocal about their `` heritage '' , it 's not something that people actually care about when the chips are down . 
  to 90 % of americans , europe is a nice vacation spot with nice people and beautiful old cities . 
  it 's not seen as similar to america , with the exception of the british . 
  america is a very different country at its core than most european nations , for better or worse . 
  we 've been there when it counted , but remember that 's only because your leaders dragged us in kicking and screaming ( wwi , wwii ) . 
  the current crop of leaders and european citizens are ambivalent at best when it comes to the us . 
  regardless , what they are saying is a fairly popular sentiment across both sides of the aisle in the us . 
  we are all collectively wondering what the fuck happened to the trillions of dollars we spent oversees the past decade , and pretty much vowing to never do that again . 
  historically the us population has always been isolationist - it 's the politicians and major events like pearl harbor that have dragged us into wars . 
  it 's called an insurance policy . 
  we care less about hundreds of thousands of europeans killed in regional war than we do having our trade routes destroyed by regional wars . 
  so its in the us 's best interest to make sure that there is n't another massive war in europe , but it 's not because we are philanthropists . 
  it 's because defending against war keeps the global economy stable . 
  yeah ... 
  i agree . 
  the first poster said that international law was equivalent to the * constitution * though , which is highly incorrect . 
   this constitution , and the laws of the united states which shall be made in pursuance thereof ; and all treaties made , or which shall be made , under the authority of the us. , shall be the supreme law of the land ; and the judges in every state shall be bound thereby , anything in the constitution or laws of any state to the contrary notwithstanding . 
  aka us law and us treaties are the supreme law of the land , not `` international law '' that the us has n't agreed upon . 
  i appreciate you reading and attempting to interpret our constitution , but we 're doing just fine here , thank you . 
  having a slow government and a strong supreme court has its advantages sometimes . 
  plus do n't fuck with free wifi - it 's basically a natural right for us . 
  i remember when i lived in london , i 'd have to find a starbucks when i was out and about to get that sweet , sweet free wifi , free bathrooms , and free water . 
  they are like mini american embassies with crap coffee , haha, 
  because this data is from 2012 haha, 
  the report is from 3 years ago ... 
  you are most at risk for injury and sickness when you are at your job , so it 's no wonder that italy and spain lead the way for being the healthiest countries in europe  also this study is from 2012, 
  what does this subreddit have to do with national policy ? 
  also , germany clearly does care a bit according to this article ... 
  [ i fucking called it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3tk9gl/french_parliament_passes_sweeping_internet/cx71b96 ) / u/low _ discrepancy - interested in hearing your thoughts on this matter . 
   eu is actually a democratic master piece hahahahahaha edit : hahahahaha, 
  ohh okay that makes more sense . 
  thanks !, 
  come to the us !, 
  you can make very good money as an economist if you speak and write perfect english . 
  salaries range from 50k - 90k for early-career professionals at most firms that hire economists . 
  sorry that we are so strict with immigration though :(, 
  wait ... hang on am i translating this correctly ? 
  so the best places to live give you an average of 5000 czk or $ 200 usd a month after paying rent ? 
  how on earth is that livable ? 
  i keep around $ 2,000 usd after rent a month , and i live in a very expensive city . 
  are things just super cheap in prague ? 
  if you let a foreign coffee chain have so much power that it can write your tax code , it says a lot about the strength of your government to resist lobbying . 
  that 's completely asinine . 
  are you really going to say that unless starbucks is willing to donate millions or pay everyone 's hospital bill for the next decade , they should n't do * anything * to show support for paris ? 
  almost every major and minor company out there showed their support . 
  should i go yell at my local liquor store for flying a french flag last week , because they were n't actually doing anything to help ? 
  give me a break . 
  in the middle of a loud bar ? 
  lol no thank you . 
  also , splitting fares , not having to give the driver money , the ability to rate my driver , see my route later , etc are all things that cabs do n't do in my city . 
  they also did n't have the internet , cell-phones , consumer-level encryption , or texting back in 1961 ... lots more things for the government to monitor today . 
  last time i checked my local taxi companies do n't have a nice app to come pick me up at 4am . . 
  as an american who was politically aware during 9/11 and the subsequent months , all i have to say is good luck .
