  some notes :  now what happens if the us government and the fed have different unemployment targets , or even worse , dissent on how to hit those targets ? 
  congress does not have an unemployment mandate . 
  they want it as low as possible , and the fed is the only one that is tasked with any sort of balancing act . 
  if congress thinks that it should be lower , their policies are naturally integrated into the fed target through communication and market reaction to fiscal stimulus . 
  you 'll notice that the fed often encourages fiscal action . 
  they are not at odds with each other . 
   so you see from one side the fed is linked to the political cycle because the president needs to be approved by the congress and on the other side the mandate includes fiscal policies that in most democracies are the exclusive prerogative of the government . 
  it is widely demonstrated that when the government makes the monetary policies disaster usually ensues but also the opposite ( the central bank making fiscal policies ) could be harmful . 
  as stipulated by the banking act of 1935 , the president appoints the seven members of the board of governors ; they must then be confirmed by the senate and serve for 14 years only . 
  [ 6 ] once appointed , governors may not be removed from office for their policy opinions . 
   central bankers are essential public servants . 
  they are paid by the government similar to how ** doctors ** and the police are . 
  i chuckled at this - such a foreign concept in the us . 
  in the us , doctors , surgeons , and dentists are always some of the richest people in the neighborhood . 
  with the exception of military/va doctors , a doctor 's paycheck comes from a byzantine private system where everyone is getting a cut , which is no wonder why healthcare is so expensive . 
  not sure that i follow - the us fed governance may be built around a number of governance levels , but i do n't think that anyone argues that it 's ineffective . 
  the ecb was modelled after the german central bank ; it was n't a novel design created from scratch . 
  if you look at just monetary policy , the us fed was much faster and effective at implementing exotic monetary policy than the ecb . 
  the fed is now done with qe and has basically hit their unemployment target , and inflation is roughly at target . 
  the ecb is missing their inflation target badly and definitely missing any unemployment target , although i do n't think that 's an official mandate for the ecb . 
  basically , i think that the ecb follows a governance system that promotes conservative policy , whereas the fed has more autonomy and can be more aggressive . 
  whether the design is a feature or a bug is up to you . 
  probably a smart decision to circle the wagons on the network front . . ericsson is doing fairly well , but huawei is eating everyone 's lunch in emerging markets . 
  al has n't been competitive at all in africa , whereas huawei and zte have been cleaning up in new network construction . 
  hopefully nokia-al has a different business plan in mind to fight back for that market share . 
  not necessarily - the head of the us fed is appointed by the president and confirmed by congress , which are in turn directly elected by their constituents . 
  it 's a mixed system . 
  that algorithm is google 's ip - they would cease operating in europe before they 'd turn it over for competitors and regulators to see . 
  there 's a reason that everyone uses google : their search algorithm actually works . 
  i 'm just talking about the 800 million due in late april . 
  well considering that a single person , bill gates , could easily bail out greece , it 's silly that the eu countries are thinking about letting them default instead . 
  interest rates are negative . . 
  they would literally be getting paid to bail out greece . 
  it 's pretty mind boggling to be honest , haha, 
  it would be hilarious if obama paid greece 's upcoming debt obligation just to be a bro . 
  `` uh , look ... um , greece has always been a good friend of ours , and uh , they deserve a break ! '', 
  anti-air sure , but put enough cruise missiles and ( in the future ) guided munitions from naval rail guns and you 've got a pretty good chance of wiping out the anti-air radar batteries that are necessary for the missiles to be effective . 
  they pose a threat to all aircraft , sure , but it 's probably not a game-change . 
  the military has long planned for going up against the latest russian aa . 
   the imitation game united states production via the weinstein company ( nyc ) - this is considered a us movie in the catalog . 
   he was getting at that , right now the us has sort of done a similar thing . 
  giving up a great start to let others lead the way . 
  i can see that point , however i 'd counter that it 's very unlikely that the findings from cern will have mass commercial applications anytime this century . 
  they are pushing the boundaries of physics , but that is still pure science right now . 
  us companies and universities tend to drive the innovation spectrum , and both are looking for applications in their research . 
  that 's how companies like intel , ibm ( powerpc ) and amd came to dominate the field - applied research vs pure research . 
  the us spends the most outright on r&d ( by far ) , and only finland and sweden have a higher spending as a percent of gdp than the us ( from europe ) . 
  this is such a silly title - if i want to go to a coffee shop in the us i have dozens of options within a 10 min walk . 
  there are far more starbucks than mcds in most cities ; mcds is a place where you go to buy $ 1 double cheeseburgers , not to hang out . 
  it 's never going to compete with the coffee shops in the us , not to mention local cafes and restaurants . 
  sure the mccafes are a welcome upgrade , but it 's still fast food . 
  plus i 'm pretty sure that the mcds in france are n't selling double cheeseburgers for 0.80 euros , haha, 
  it 's just an invitation to participate - the esa does n't need to accept it if they do n't think that it will be a good investment . 
  i do n't really get why people here feel the need to shit on nasa and the us when this is purely a good-will gesture after recent issues with cooperation . 
  nasa backed out of the joint mission to jupiter because they needed to shift the budget to the next mars mission . 
  the us in general is also prioritizing commercial and private space development since that is truly a new frontier . 
  just a different way of going about things - if the eu would rather fund decade-long scientific missions that 's perfectly fine too . 
  well to be fair , the us built the tevatron near chicago in 1968 and has been expanding it ever since . 
  it was the largest particle accelerator anywhere until the lhc was completed in 2008 . 
  fermilab also has done incredible things in the discovery of sub-atomic particles throughout its operational history . 
  i would n't really say that the us squandered anything other than avoiding paying for an enormously expensive machine that the european nations were eager to build themselves . 
  like , why build two in the same generation ? 
  i do n't really mind cern being operated in europe since american scientists play an active role there ... maybe the next generation collider will be built in the us again . 
  as for chip fabrication , that 's basically just magic . 
  helping to start the computing revolution does n't really mean anything in modern terms , unfortunately . 
  us companies and institutions are investing heavily in nano-scale fabrication though . 
  mit.nano for instance : http://capitalprojects.mit.edu/projects/mitnano-building-12, 
  the article makes the correct claim that eu politics * should * be treated as more important in the uk , but it misses the point . 
  washington is so much more interesting to gossip about !, 
  elections are circuses , backroom deals happen in broad daylight , 24 hour news covers it all ... 
  mix in tv shows like the west wing and house of cards and it 's like the hollywood of governments . 
  everyone wants to be a movie star , and us presidents fly around a chrome lined 747 with an enormous entourage of bullet proof cars and shit . 
  they launch wars without needing congress . 
  they get a million articles written about them throughout their lifetime . 
  this article is like asking why british people watch more american movies than french movies , haha . 
  people just want to be entertained !, 
  what ? 
  if you actually apply yourself at a us university , you can walk out with a masters in 4 years . 
  you can walk out with two degrees in three years . 
  there are n't rules about needing to stay all 4 years - every university allows you to graduate early if you 've met their credit requirements - take some summer classes and overload your semesters . 
  this is n't a us vs the world thing , it 's students vs students and it does n't matter which country you live in . 
  finally , someone who understands the true meaning of freedom !, 
  german gdp in 2009 = german gdp in 2014 . 
  pretty rich coming from a country that has the exact same real [ gdp now as you did in 2009 . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-gdp.png?s=wgdpgerm ) the us economy , for reference , added 2.4 trillion dollars during the same time frame . 
  china added 5.6 trillion dollars in the same time . 
  german gdp per capita rose 2,200 usd since 2008 , due to shrinking population ( ~ 2 million less citizens since 2008 ) , not economic growth . 
  basically , the recovery has n't happened yet in either country as far as i 'm concerned . 
  let 's be real , if teslas were made in bremen instead of fremont people here would be all over it . 
  it 's an awesome company , and it 's bringing much-needed innovation into the auto industry at a time when our reliance on fossil fuels is a major issue . 
  also hard to fault them when they are actively partnering with other companies and making their patents open to use . 
  tesla is n't perfect , but i do n't think that anyone in the auto industry is perfect . 
  well yeah , but i use it to drive down the street and `` window shop '' a neighborhood or district to see if there are any cool looking ones that i missed via google search . 
  eh , it 's a bit out of proportion . 
  most major cities and regional governments have begun accelerated bridge renovation programs to fix the old bridges . . 
  these started after that one bridge collapse in minneapolis . 
  i know that my city is actively rebuilding half a dozen bridges right now , and finished a few already . 
  john oliver is looking just at federal level initiatives , which are definitely needed as well , but it is n't a complete picture . 
  wow , seriously ? 
  and here i am upset that the imagery for my city has n't been updated in a year for some neighborhoods . .
