  the us does n't have qe anymore and is priming to raise rates . 
  i do n't know what world you live in but the us economy is crushing it right now compared to europe . 
  there 's a reason why the us dollar is approaching parity with the euro ... also , [ the us probably did n't even shrink after all in q1 ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2015/06/11/reports-of-the-u-s-economys-contraction-have-been-greatly-exaggerated/ ), 
   it 's funny how you think that it does n't get really cold uh ... [ boston got over 2 meters of snow in the first quarter this year . 
  ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/150203161717-01-winter-weather-0203-super-169.jpg ) boston alone has a larger economy than greece , with a gdp of $ 320 billion vs greece at $ 241 billion . 
  boston received more snowfall from january to march than greece has received in total for the past * 13 years * . 
  i really do n't think you understand how bad the winter was in the us . 
  which was an anomaly caused by a longshore strike and a very cold winter ? 
  look at unemployment instead of gdp for a better measure of economic health . 
  you ca n't incite violence - notice that they simply `` thank god '' for violence , not say that it should happen directly . 
  it 's still illegal to create `` clear and present danger '' through speech , aka yelling fire in a theater or inciting panic or riots in large crowds . 
  the imf was built to be the lender of last resort ... they are essentially the payday loan service of the sovereign banking world . 
  if literally anyone else was willing to loan you money you 'd prefer it to the imf , but when you run out of options beggars ca n't really be choosers about the terms . 
   he taxpayers of the northern european countries can not do for the greeks what the greeks are not willing to do for themselves . 
  it is finally time for the eu to show some tough love - let them go . 
  the whole problem is that the only solution that the eu has been willing to accept is the `` tough love '' solution that clearly is n't working in other european countries . 
  france still has record high unemployment , spain and italy are stagnant and have sickeningly high youth unemployment , and basically only germany and austria are where they should be economically . . 7 years later . 
  meanwhile the us and the uk are powering ahead and back to pre-crisis levels of unemployment and gdp growth all because they were n't run by the incompetent people at the ecb . 
  seriously , if you want to blame anyone , blame wolfgang schaeuble and everyone in frankfurt who listens to him . 
  complete hack without a clue as to how macroeconomics works . 
  but hey , he looks like a serious person and talks in very serious sentences , so how could he be wrong ? 
  freedom of expression ? 
  in my country , [ people show up to the funerals of soldiers killed in action like this and nobody gets arrested . 
  ] ( http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/protest-570x356.jpg ) why should people be arrested simply for being offensive ? 
  instead , organize your own counter-protest and fight back with your own freedom of expression . . [ check out this reddit post for a great example . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/comments/v1ser/westboro_baptist_church_tried_to_protest_a/ ), 
  you should focus your anger at the ecb instead of the imf ... the ecb has been far more puritanical than the imf on the issue of enforcing austerity . 
  uh oh , got some username drama going down !, 
  it 's not really that the us just sends an armored car of money to the poorer parts of the country every month , it 's instead the fact that government services get consumed at a much higher rate in the rural areas , so they are effectively subsidized by the richer states . 
  things like roads , bridges , schools , hospitals , medicaid , etc. 
  it 's very different from just throwing money at a problem ... that 's not what happens in the us . 
  just to be clear , detroit failed due to complex political and racial issues , not just because the american automotive industry started facing competition from abroad . 
  you literally had race riots and hostile city governments which caused nearly all middle-class and definitely all the upper-class white people to leave the city , as they feared for their safety and did n't want to raise children there . 
  the resulting government was corrupt , racist , and ran that city into the ground . 
  prior to that , in the 1930s and 40s , detroit was one of the top cities in the country and hugely powerful and influential . 
  [ here 's detroit 's population graph ] ( http://www.dailyreckoning.com.au/images/dr20130814b.jpg ), 
  ai n't worth shit without intel and logistics . 
  i worked in that industry - trust me when i say that the uk or france could n't launch a single missile successfully without us c&c . 
  oh right , because letting the government decide what 's best for the people has never gone wrong . 
  [ like when your country tried to tax hot snacks and baked goods at 20 % . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pasty_tax ) if people want to eat fattening foods , let em . 
  it 's a free country . 
  i think that the real difference between americans and europeans is that in america , it 's your own damn fault if you buy unhealthy crap or get suckered by flashy advertising . 
  * it 's called personal responsibility . 
  * same reason that you can choose to own guns or build a tree house on your property without needing a permit from the government or just drive around the country living in an rv ... it 's your decision to make , not the government 's . 
  if we catered all of our laws to the lowest common denominator we 'd have a really overly-protective society , because let 's face it , there are some real idiots out there . 
  instead we 've built a society where if you want to be a drunken idiot redneck who loves to shoot guns and drive dirt-bikes all day , you can find plenty of space to do that in missouri or somewhere . 
  if you want to only eat vegan , organic farm-raised produce and paint all day , you can live in a commune in vermont . 
  i 'm thankful for minimum safety standards but the current ones are quite adequate in respect to the current science on the issue . 
  if your country wants to ban gmos because its trendy , go ahead , but here in the states we 'll let consumers vote with their wallet . 
   google bigwig eric schmidt declined to show up before any meeting , but said google was happy to send its `` position on the tax issues '' . 
  xavier garambois , general director of amazon europe , also sent his apologies `` due to the ongoing investigation '' by the european commission . 
   christopher corson north from amazon uk and facebook 's marc zuckerberg have yet to formally reply to invites for 23 june or 2 july . 
   `` if they stick to their refusal , it will come across as if they have more to lose than to win by being transparent about the way they fulfil their legal obligations in europe , '' warned committee chairman alain lamassoure . 
  lol wait so alain lamassoure wants the ceos of some of the largest companies in the world to personally grace his committee with their presence just to read a prepared statement about their tax compliance practices ? 
  also what is that bullshit threat there at the end of his statement ? 
  do you really think that zuckerberg will show up now that you 've vaguely blackmailed him ? 
  if you have actual charges to level against these companies then actually level them - do n't expect them to come curry good favor with your committee and waste their time with empty pleasantries simply because you have `` concerns '' and want to talk it out . 
  you ca n't just add everything up on a spreadsheet and say that its bigger or more capable just because there are larger raw numbers . 
  if i 'm going into a fight with a 1m long broadsword , i 'd much rather fight 20 people with 5cm daggers than one single person with a 1m sword . 
  sure combined they have the same firepower , but its not nearly as effective when uncoordinated . 
  how dare those dastardly americans trick the helpless europeans into buying products that they do n't actually need !, 
  please , oh great eu , please save us from ourselves !, 
  you do realize that food laws are the * minimum standards * , right ? 
  aka the lowest acceptable tiers for selling to a customer at a bargain store . 
  if you go to any city in the us you 'll find high-end grocery stores offering extremely high-quality foods , cheeses , meats , breads , etc all free-range , organic , no pesticides , no hormones , no gmos ( if that 's your thing ) etc. 
  here 's whole food 's list for instance ; they exist all over the place . 
  http://www.wholefoodsmarket.com/about-our-products/quality-standards/food-ingredient notice that they do n't allow high-fructose corn syrup , artificial colors and flavoring , chlorinated washes , etc. 
  i do n't know why this trope exists that americans exclusively eat low quality food and ingredients ... you should see how demanding most people in my city are about food quality and practices . 
  well its sort of beside the point when the us still has europe 's back . 
  might get uncomfortable when the us 's opinion of europe changes , but hey ... jusqu\u2019ici tout va bien , jusqu\u2019ici tout va bien . 
  i 'm just surprised you found a computer to comment on between your busy schedule of setting up caravans in public parks and robbing people with jobs :p, 
  [ dat 280,000 new jobs in may tho ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/hiring-surges-as-us-gains-280000-jobs-in-may-2015-06-05 )  so far this year , the economy has added an average of 217,000 jobs a month , easily enough to employ new entrants in the labor force and gradually push the unemployment rate down over time . 
   a pickup in hiring since march also offers strong evidence that the 0.7 % decline in u.s. growth in the first quarter was an aberration caused by harsh weather , a dockworker 's strike and other short-term influences that have faded or are likely to do so . 
   `` it does lay the fears to rest that the economy is weakening , '' said kate warne , an investment strategist at the st. louis-based brokerage edward jones . 
  aka fuck da haters we got this on our own . 
  why does everyone in europe think that `` yank '' is an insult in the us ? 
   within the united states , it usually refers to people from the north , largely those from the northeast , but especially those with new england cultural ties , such as descendants from colonial new england settlers , wherever they live . 
  its sense is more cultural than literally geographic . 
  the speech dialect of new england is called `` yankee '' or `` yankee dialect . '', 
   within southern american english , `` yankee '' refers to northerners , or those from the regions of the union side of the american civil war . 
  aka nobody in the us is offended by the word yank . 
  it is , however , a code-word to identify butt-hurt europeans , 
  you ... you really want to claim bud lite ? 
  i 'd probably try to keep that fact a secret . 
  [ obama 's motorcade has pretty ludicrous firepower as well . . ] ( https://youtu.be/jiu4wvbft30?t=15s ), 
  it had a rough first showing in desert storm , and has been fighting that legacy ever since , even though most issues were patched decades ago . 
  getting off a private jet and walking straight onto a helicopter is pretty fucking gangster , regardless of who you are . 
   his mother was of english ancestry whilst his father had been born in kenyan . 
  his parents met whilst studying at the university of hawai'i . 
  you know , as cynical as i can be about the state of us political patronage , it 's still amazing that this kid who had a standard middle-class white mother and a father straight from africa , and was raised by his mother alone with the help of his grandparents , is now the most powerful person in the world . 
  it 's hard to think of another world leader who came from that type of background . 
  well yeah , they want you to learn about their wacky religion on their terms , haha . 
  but it 's free - they are n't scammers like scientology or something . 
   jehovas witness trying to sell me their newspaper ... nit pick , but jehovas witnesses do n't sell things to you - they just want you to study the bible with them so that they can convert you . 
  because you ca n't have your cake and eat it too ? 
  the us does n't offer unconditional friendship - if you start doing something counter to american geopolitics , you 'll find yourself isolated from american markets . 
  just ask russia . 
  how does that song go ... meet the new boss . 
  same as the old boss .
