  my main issue is just that this sub cares about america too much . 
  this entire submission is just a weasel-way for / r/europe to talk about the situation in missouri - * which has nothing to do with europe at all * - yet here we are bashing america for its double-standards and racism issues . 
  i 'm only reacting this way because i come here , as an american , to talk about europe . 
  when i find my country on the front page everyday with people bashing it i ca n't help but wonder why this same energy is n't put towards internal eu issues . 
  hopefully it 's just because it does n't happen as often on an english-language website , but still i think you can see my point . 
  awesome , no worries !, 
  ah , well flair up my friend . 
  the us certainly does have a racism issue , but i thought that you were making that statement from the perspective of a european . 
  top 20 : 1 switzerland 64.8 - 1.00 2 united kingdom 62.4 - 0.99 3 sweden 62.3 - 0.99 4 finland 60.7 - 0.98 5 netherlands 60.6 - 0.97 6 united states of america 60.1 - 0.96 7 singapore 59.2 - 0.96 8 denmark 57.5 - 0.95 9 luxembourg 56.9 - 0.94 10 hong kong ( china ) 56.8 - 0.94 11 ireland 56.7 - 0.93 12 canada 56.1 - 0.92 13 germany 56.0 - 0.92 14 norway 55.6 - 0.91 15 israel 55.5 - 0.90 16 korea , rep. 55.3 - 0.89 17 australia 55.0 - 0.89 18 new zealand 54.5 - 0.88 19 iceland 54.1 - 0.87 20 austria 53.4 - 0.87, 
  how about we call out germany for torpedoing the european recovery by imposing draconian fiscal targets and refusing to budge on implementing more exotic monetary tools to help reduce unemployment ? 
  the level of complacency that surrounds the german political establishment is astonishing - the whole country is slowly sinking into quicksand and they are pretending like their growth is the nature of some intrinsic attribute of the `` hard-working germans '' . 
  never mind that [ this is the `` recovery '' in the german economy right now  ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-gdp-growth-annual.png?s=grgdppgy ) compare that to the [ euro-area growth rate . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/euro-area-gdp-growth-annual.png?s=eugnemuy ) now compare that to [ the us growth rate . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/united-states-gdp-growth-annual.png?s=gdp+cyoy ) basically , things are n't looking good for europe economically , and they are n't getting better . 
  unemployment rate in the [ euro area remains very high ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/euro-area-unemployment-rate.png?s=umrtemu ) whereas the [ us unemployment rate is approaching acceptable levels ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/united-states-unemployment-rate.png?s=usurtot ) just some food for thought there - europeans need to realize that without some decisive action on both the monetary and fiscal front , the continent will turn japanese very quickly . 
  oh my god this is the most melodramatic thing i 've read today . 
  you can leave whenever you want if the burden of being an american is too high for you to take . 
  or , just a thought , you can get off your ass and do something to make your community a better place !, 
  start a food truck !, 
  volunteer at boys and girls club !, 
  pick up trash !, 
  america is n't some monolith run by the government , it is run every day by citizens who work hard . 
  when there is injustice , it is your duty to do something about it . 
  for better or worse , these citizens in missouri are doing just that and look at the national discussion it has provoked . 
  let 's talk first about glass houses . 
  the us budget deficit shrank by 24 % vs this time last year , thanks in part to pro-growth monetary policies stimulating higher economic growth . 
  so , yeah , maaaybe it 's time for the ecb and germany to get serious about considering that cutting spending is n't the only way to reduce debt ( hint : you can also just make more money ) . 
  [ this is the prettiest though  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b2/united_states_capitol_-_west_front.jpg ), 
  [ the pentagon is big-time . 
  ] ( http://media.washtimes.com/media/image/2010/10/22/pentagon.jpg ), 
  i was thinking more the eu - i usually do n't lump russia in with europe , but i do see how some people consider it to be europe . 
  and you are correct !, 
  i did n't know about those new ones in madrid - thanks for enlightening me . 
  i guess i also assumed that since the one in detroit is 74 stories tall that it would be taller than 230m , but i guess not . 
  so yes , frankfurt and madrid win !, 
  well yeah , the lower end of europe still has much lower violent crime rates than places like detroit . 
  it 's more that i think detroit gets a bad rap - it was arguably the most influential city of mid-century america , and even up until the 90s it produced great electronic music and cultural influence . 
  saying that it 's a terrible city is inaccurate - it is instead a tragically mismanaged city . 
  edit : for the haters who are downvoting : http://www.businessinsider.com/detroits-golden-age-in-photos-2013-7?op=1, 
  while detroit definitely has its problems , it still looks better than this place in some ways . 
  also , ~ ~ detroit has taller buildings than any city in continental europe ~ ~ woops , not true , but close !, 
  it 's probably because it 's much easier to obtain a work visa if you have `` exceptional talent '' or intend to invest a lot of money into the us economy . 
  therefore we tend to see a good amount of skilled immigrants in the tech sector . 
  plus , come on , the us has better beers than anywhere else . 
  it 's a famous piece of street art on the berlin wall . 
  that segment is still preserved as a showcase - go visit !, 
  it 's awesome . 
  you guys * are * making all these programs , but you are all doing it in the us . 
  just go out to cambridge/boston and count how many startup companies are started by europeans in the tech/bio fields - it is awesome to see !, 
  the problem is that everyone who i meet tells me that there is no way they could have done it in europe . 
  one guy literally has to live over half the year away from his family back in austria because he needs to run his company in the us . 
  food for thought . 
  the us gave over $ 500,000,000 to the west bank and gaza last year in economic aid . 
  right , past a certain point . 
  i 'd argue that the us is n't anywhere near that yet . 
  america spends a pretty normal amount on military as a percentage of gdp , which is more important than comparing absolute numbers . 
  our social system would not be improved by cutting the military - rather it would be improved by targeted reforms . 
  perhaps not so bad of a policy in light of this year 's developments internationally . 
  the more you know the better you can react . 
  [ that 's until we learn the real reason why the x-37b exists . 
  ] ( http://www.space.com/25275-x37b-space-plane.html ), 
  yeah , america really got the raw end of the deal with being a melting pot . . became the richest country ever even . 
  the horror !, 
  that also meant that the us had to maintain a global supply chain during a world war - do you know how hard that was ? 
  even today we have trouble keeping goods stocked on shelves domestically . . imagine that you have to keep fuel , food , ammo , planes , tanks and medical supplies flowing to africa , europe , the uk , russia , and the pacific islands 24/7/365 all while facing the possibility of enemy attacks . 
  all that russia or germany had to do was drive their trucks to the front lines . 
  cool cool , but the atom was first split in chicago , and first detonated in new mexico . 
  you get your praise , but without the money , labs and equipment in the united states nothing would have actually gotten past the white-paper stage . 
  hell even the nazis could n't figure it out , and the soviets could n't until they stole it . 
  yeah i definitely agree that ideally we 'd give people the money ( or homeowners ) and let them spend it directly into local businesses . 
  it would definitely help employment rates more . 
  unfortunately , the credit markets seizing up would be far scarier than local businesses going under in the minds of most central bankers . 
  expansion on the money supply on the bank balance sheet does not cause inflation . 
  if it did , we 'd be at 150 % inflation now in the us instead of 1.5 % . 
  it 's instead about price levels . 
  not that i 'm completely opposed to the idea of basic income , but that argument completely ignores the velocity of the money injected , and the power of fractional banking . 
  if you give 1000 people 1000 euros , people will probably save some of it and spend the rest , thus boosting service sectors and retail . 
  the net increase of money in the economy is 1,000,000 euros . 
  now let 's give that same 1m euros to a bank with a capital requirement of 10 % . 
  they will keep 100,000 euros in their vault , and then loan out the other 900,000 to another bank . 
  that bank then keeps 10 % , then loans out 810,000 to the next bank , who keeps 10 % and loans out 729,000 . 
  to stop there , we see that the 1m euros that were put into the bank became 2,710,000 euros in the economy . 
  velocity also matters . 
  if you are a coffee shop , you need to buy inventory ahead of time in order to meet demand for the day . 
  say that you need 1m euros per week to operate . 
  a bank can easily float this amount to you if they are well-capitalized , and you pay the interest on the loan while buying enough stock to grow aggressively . 
  you ca n't really grow if all your capital comes from retail purchases , no matter how much money the consumers have . 
  it 's certainly a chicken and egg problem . 
  ultimately though , banks get the capital injections because it 's the fastest way to boost headline economic indicators and restore credit liquidity . 
  guess you 'd never want to be hired by an american company or date someone from new york eh ? 
  you need a good dose of naive ` murican optimism my friend !, 
  we think we can do anything , even if we ca n't . 
  while the uk doubtlessly contributed thousands of man-hours towards pioneering the technology , the first ( crude , but stable ) reactor was at the university of chicago and the manhattan project in the us was the first massive nuclear research and viability undertaking . 
  up until that point it was all theoretical . 
  it 's a good point . 
  russia and israel spend more as a percentage of gdp than the us , but they are the only major military powers above the us in that respect . 
  my point was more that the us comprises 40 % of the world 's military spending as just one country , which most people would identify as an extreme outlier . 
  but when taken as a percentage of gdp , it 's not really an outlier after all . 
  that was my intended point . 
  why ?
