  missouri is 100 % the south , end of story . 
  damn , foiled again !, 
  now please , uh , continue to stay on your living room couch . . we are testing a new amazon delivery drone internationally and the ~ ~ payload ~ ~ package will be reaching you within 30 min !, 
  is n't technology great ? 
  oh my god suddenly the us is behind it all again ?? 
  literally the illuminati . 
  your moralizing is very brave . 
  it 's interesting that you 'd rather work with china and russia vs a country that publicly investigates and publishes information about its own country 's shortfalls . 
  just because you do n't have a nice little list for china 's human rights violations , does n't mean that they are n't occurring daily . 
  lay down with dogs , wake up with fleas . 
  infrastructure investment always comes with conditions attached , which makes it a powerful tool to spread influence . 
  it 's very obvious that the imf and world bank use conditions like these to put pressure on countries to reform in a pro west way . 
  the worry in the us is that china will dominate the investment bank policy , and china is still run by a cabal of super wealthy men who do n't believe in free speech , democracy , free trade , nor many human rights . 
  i 'm actually proud that the us took a stand against it . 
  european countries may soon realize that their money is building a chinese regional empire that does n't reflect any european values . 
  are you really happy about seeing your tax money go to furthering beijing 's agenda ? 
  after seeing that china voted against gay rights at the un , i 'm really glad that so many european countries are lining up to support their investment bank . 
  what ? 
  that 's actually not what happens at all in the us . 
  small states are over represented if anything . 
  definitely a sweet piece of engineering !, 
  are the u212 diesel powered ? 
  i think that means that they are exceptionally quiet , but ca n't roam as far . 
  i guess it could be a limitation - like you could keep the carriers out farther from land . 
  but yeah either way it 's probably not a real issue since nobody really expects two blue water navies to fight . 
  they are n't going to `` spot '' them on a training exercise - they want them to think that their boats are n't detectable . 
  america 's secret is that we all actually mock sweden mercilessly for the vasa `` incident '' in 1628 , but play stupid when any swedes are around . 
  oil ?? 
  ya hear that boys ? 
  ca n't say i 'll miss you . 
  trust me , i think that it would be a horrible , horrible decision to bomb iran . 
  you literally just said that iran is leagues better than saudi arabia , and that saudi arabia is `` easily one of the worst places on earth '' , and now you ca n't be bothered to explain your reasoning ? 
  and this is where i ask you for your reasoning as to why saudi arabia is one of the worst places on earth . 
  just look at their neighbors : yemen , oman , uae , bahrain , qatar , kuwait , iraq , jordan . 
  with the exception of jordan and maybe the uae , how are any of those countries better than the ksa ? 
  recently i 've noticed a trend in the larger subs to treat iran as a country that has its shit together , and would be a welcome friend in the region if not for pressure from israel and the us . 
  i 've also noticed quite a few new articles pointing out that ksa is a key supporter of radical wahhabism , which has lots of overlaps with isis . 
  these are both mostly true statements . 
  i apologize for projecting on you if this is n't the case for you personally . 
  the issue arises when people take these two truths and conclude that iran is significantly better than the ksa . 
  iran also funds radical shi'a groups throughout the middle east , and sponsored terrorism via hezbollah and hamas , plus direct funding for other orgs like the taliban and aqap . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism i only ask that if we accuse saudi arabia of sponsoring terror and suppressing human rights , that we also accuse iran of doing the same thing . 
  i honestly think that iran has better fundamentals as a country , and has had a previous history as a more moderate place , but that does n't mean their current situation is excusable . 
  i 'm not the one calling a country `` thoroughly atrocious '' though - that 's what i 'm getting at . 
  i think that you 'd react strongly if someone from saudi arabia said that your country is cold and dark and thoroughly atrocious without ever visiting . 
  finally , can you please stop bookending everything with stereotypes about americans ? 
  i 'm one person in a country of 320 million people . 
  there are millions of people here that are very different , who do n't even speak english as their primary language , and lumping everyone together is n't helpful . 
  just address me as an individual with my own individual way of speaking and views , thank you . 
  that 's exactly my point - i 'm not a fan of either country . 
  i just want people to stop holding iran above the ksa when it comes to this type of discussion ... 
  both countries are horrible for human rights . 
  i 've just noticed that it 's become popular on reddit to treat iran like a better country than it really is . 
  it 's like everyone has already forgotten about the deadly protests in 2009 , where hundreds of thousands of iranians protested against fraudulent elections and civil and human rights violations . 
  my point here is that simply saying iran is great when their government is in many ways just as backwards as ksa is hypocritical . 
  i have plenty of direct experience with iranians , and also with saudis . 
  neither countries are democracies . 
  neither countries respect human rights . 
  i only ask that if you want to condemn ksa , you also hold the iranian government to the same standard . 
  if you think that americans are the only ones who feel this way , go take a look at your own government 's policy towards iran . 
  have you ever been to saudi arabia ? 
  i guess i also find it laughably insulting to refer to a country as `` thoroughly atrocious '' without having any first-hand experience on the topic . 
  you could have said that you would prefer to live in iran vs the ksa because you feel that iran is an overall better country , but instead you went straight to hyperbole . 
  pardon me if i also replied in kind . 
  i would n't - iran has beautiful people , culture , and geography , but their current government is an autocratic theocracy and is one of the most consistent violators of human rights today . 
  the fact that being gay is punishable by death , and the fact that many iranians i know today can not return to their country for fear of being incarcerated or killed means that it is n't good by any means . 
  [ from hrw international  ( http://www.hrw.org/middle-eastn-africa/iran )  ince iran 's crackdown against anti-government protests following the 2009 presidential election the human rights crisis in the country has only deepened . 
  there is a broad-based campaign underway to severely weaken civil society by targeting journalists , lawyers , rights activists , and students . 
  the number of executions has risen sharply since 2010 , and authorities tightly restrict access to information by blocking websites , slowing down internet speeds , and jamming foreign satellite broadcasts . 
  i have a number of educated female friends from saudi arabia . 
  while they do face a traditional culture when they are in ksa , their day to day lives are n't as impacted as you would expect . 
  it still needs tons of reform , but it is n't `` thoroughly atrocious '' . 
  but hey , if i 've learned anything from reddit its that the cool , edgy thing to do these days is praise iran and denounce ksa as literally isis . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  [ germany is roughly the same size as new mexico . 
  ] ( https://mapfight.appspot.com/de-vs-us.nm/germany-new-mexico-us-size-comparison ) [ here are all the military bases in the us . 
  ] ( http://militarybases.com/ ) by comparison , germany has far less distance to cover to move any material around , therefore it is n't as cost-effective to load tanks on rail cars . 
  i do n't know why people are getting all butt-hurt about someone pointing out that germany is n't that big when considering transit time for tanks . 
  they are 100 % right and everyone here needs to chill out . 
  lost-profits damage is a very common legal case - you calculate the npv of a project over a set number of years and then claim that as damage . 
  for instance , if your company is forced to close due to illegal application of a regulation , you can sue for damages based on lost profit during the time that it was supposed to be open . 
  while potential profits are a bit more tricky , it still follows the same pattern with actuaries and experts determining how much a business lost out due to counter-party negligence . 
  it 's really not that strange or uncommon . 
  i do n't know - obviously i do n't want to see a future where companies can force countries to change their regulations , but i also do n't think that this case qualifies . 
  it was canada essentially encouraging the mining company to set up shop in a certain area , the mining company doing their homework to comply with existing regulations , and then the community reaction prompted the government to reach for reasons beyond the written environmental laws to justify denying the company mining rights . 
  if i were a company , i 'd probably also want my money back for that bait and switch game . 
  if this was a cut and dry case of a company suing canada because they thought that the laws as written are unfair , then we 'd have a different story . 
  but since this is about negotiating in bad faith instead , it 's actually a completely different principle at play . 
  if you want to donate some leopard 2 tanks or apcs , nobody is stopping you . 
  lots of broad brushes here , haha . 
  there are plenty of quality american documentaries - they just tend to be marketed towards a different audience than the average redditor . 
  start with frontline if you want to give them another chance : http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/view/ if you want something more extreme , check out some of the docudramas about current events from hbo , like [ to big to fail ] ( http://www.hbo.com/movies/too-big-to-fail#/ ) and [ game change ] ( http://www.hbo.com/movies/game-change#/ ) - very cool way of getting more people interested in what would normally be a bland topic . 
  if you already have your degree in a field , then you are going to be bored watching any documentary about that subject , but the point of documentaries is to appeal to a wider audience . 
  but if it 's too stimulating for you , then that 's fine . 
  do you have any examples of good european documentaries that you prefer ? 
  i 'm always looking for new recommendations . 
  got ta admit that he looks like a fucking g driving the humvee around the c-5 . 
  i 'm also cracking up at the little cling sticker of the ukrainian flag he put on the humvee - what a funny little jab at russia supplying the rebels with russian arms . 
  like , an enormous us military plane lands , desert-camo american vehicles roll out , and then you slap a few stickers on them and they magically become ukrainian , haha . 
  just playing putin 's game - love it .
