  google can take their toys and go home if they want , there 's nothing that france or the eu can do to stop them . 
  i suppose that i consider participating in the democratic process and being able to run for elected office a civil right that all citizens should enjoy , no matter their beliefs . 
  it seems to be viewed differently in your country , which is why i think that we 'll have to agree to disagree on this topic , 
  people burn american flags and bibles in the us - the difference is that the counter-protesters show up pretty damn quickly and shout you down . 
  holy shit that 's insane . 
  it 's just a book !, 
  wow , i seriously ca n't understand how an educated person thinks that simply `` banning '' a party removes their supporters and eliminates their ideology . 
  the best disinfectant is sunlight , not locking it in a box . 
  let everyone say and do what they want , and then everyone will see how foolish they are . 
  by banning political parties you are 1 ) being incredibly undemocratic and autocratic , since who is to judge what parties should be allowed ? 
  and 2 ) you are strengthening the cause of those that have now had their voices silenced . 
  i 'm not a nazi or a white supremacist , but i sure as hell would fight for their right to have their own political party . 
  same reason that i hate the westboro baptist church , but i would line up to support them if they were ever told by the government that what they are doing is no longer allowed . 
  just think of it as playing this subreddit on hard mode . 
  i think that combined with my username , i 'm on expert mode . 
  edit : and here we go , lol, 
  any business that is conducted using us dollars or us securities comes under the oversight of us federal authorities , either via the sec ( securities and exchange commission ) , ofac ( office of foreign asset control ) , or the us secret service ( counterfeit currency ) . 
  this is their precisely their job - they enforce us laws and regulations on any business that breaks the rules , provided that the assets being exchanged fall under their jurisdiction . 
  since almost all international us dollar clearing happens electronically in new york , it 's under their jurisdiction . 
   so you 're arguing that the policies advocated by the gop would n't have been put into place if they had control of congress and the presidency ? 
  i think that 's rather naive . 
  i mean ... 
  i lived through the 8 years of the bush admin where everything was a blank check - tax cuts , huge increases in medicare , trillions on wars , etc. 
  the secret is that the gop establishment lets the tea party loose when they are n't in control , scream about debt and deficits , but when they have the white house suddenly [ deficits do n't matter ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/bush-sought-way-to-invade-iraq/ )  the president had promised to cut taxes , and he did . 
  within six months of taking office , he pushed a trillion dollars worth of tax cuts through congress . 
  but o'neill thought it should have been the end . 
  after 9/11 and the war in afghanistan , the budget deficit was growing . 
  so at a meeting with the vice president after the mid-term elections in 2002 , suskind writes that o'neill argued against a second round of tax cuts . 
   `` cheney , at this moment , shows his hand , '' says suskind . 
  `` he says , ` you know , paul , reagan proved that deficits do n't matter . 
  we won the mid-term elections , this is our due . ', 
  ... o'neill is speechless . '', 
  perhaps it just takes living through multiple administrations , or maybe it helps that i 've met some of these people personally , but they really do n't believe much of what they publicly advocate . 
  it 's a big game they play with their corporate sponsors in order to give them tax cuts and in return get $ $ for reelection . 
  most of them do n't even care about economics . 
  the consensus that i 'm talking about permeates washington via the federal reserve . 
  janet yellen is very much an academic . 
  bernanke was an academic . 
  obama was an academic . 
  they are the people who get to move policy during gridlock , and thus they get to have their voices heard above the fray on capitol hill . 
  most of the national news media , academics , and beltway insiders think that the policy decisions in kansas have been moronic . 
  the gop gets a lot of ink devoted to their ideas , but in reality few people in washington actually think they would work . 
  it 's a charade put on to placate the folks out in `` real america '' who worry about the us debt . 
  sometimes weird things happen though , as seen in kansas and wisconsin . 
  academic consensus . 
  ask anyone in cambridge or new haven and they pretty much all agree . 
  that 's who the obama administration listens to , so that 's why i refer to it as a consensus . 
  outside of conservative think-tanks , very few academics agree with gop economics . 
  the academic consensus in the us is very different from the consensus in germany . 
  when it comes to the policy that gets advocated abroad , it 's the administration line . 
  that 's why the us has leaned on the imf to tone down austerity and urged the eu to pursue debt forgiveness in greece . 
   the us dollar is only strong because a large region of 300 million people ( currently ) began its monetary union 200 + years ago , while in europe a region with a slightly larger population began their monetary union only 15 years ago . 
  america 's success in the past 50 years is mainly due to profiteering instead of helping during wwi and wwii and the reserve currency status of the dollar , which they will likely lose in the next 50 years . 
  the age of the union and the population within the union have no bearing on the strength of the currency . 
  additionally , the euro and pound are already `` stronger '' than the us dollar , so i 'm not sure what point you are making . 
  in regards to being the reserve currency , that occurs because the usd is the preferred currency for commodity markets . 
  it 's a cop-out to explain economic success as only being related to the usd 's position as a reserve currency - a position that may be helpful from a geopolitical standpoint , but is n't a net positive on a purely economic front . 
   with the american work ethic what it is learning to cope with perpetual unemployment is going to be difficult . 
  i think that you are still missing my point . 
  the us wo n't just wake up one day and have 20 % unemployment , because the us is where most of the automation work is being done . 
  if anything , automation is going to make us manufacturing more competitive and bring jobs back from china , since there are no longer labor costs to consider and logistics are much cheaper if you manufacture in-country . 
  i 'm describing a creative economy , where you can design and deploy a service without having red tape stopping you . 
  you are n't supposed to be a delivery person as your career , but for someone looking to supplement their income it 's super convenient to turn on the uber app and make a few runs , or turn on the favor app and run some random errands for cash . 
  few people do it as a career - they are specifically designed to be side jobs . 
  overall though the point is that it is a specific type of automation - it 's getting rid of middle-men . 
  no more travel agencies , no more concierges , no more cab agencies , etc. 
  cutting out the crap that slows everyone down and does n't add value . 
  you do n't need to like it , but i have to say that it 's made my life so much better and giving me far more free time to pursue hobbies and education . 
  one can argue that the us economy is already efficient and cutthroat , so any job that can be automated already is automated . 
  there are no powerful unions to keep uber or lyft out of cities , no laws keeping amazon from selling cheap books , no protection of your industry from outsourcing , and tons of new companies that are all focused on `` disrupting '' existing industries . 
  automation is n't going to surprise many in the us , because we are already trying as hard as possible to automate everything we can . 
  [ i can already schedule lunch deliveries on an app and have someone hand-deliver it to my desk in 15 minutes . 
  ] ( https://www.foodler.com/ ) [ if i want to go out for lunch , i use a touchscreen to order my burrito . 
  ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/rf/image_1484w/2010-2019/washingtonpost/2012/07/18/food/images/kiosk.jpg?uuid=vyjnuneseegt8tvushdnzq ) [ i use an app to get beer delivered to my apartment . 
  ] ( https://drizly.com/ ) i pay my friends via venmo or square , and grab a ride home via uber . 
  i do n't have a car , but i use [ zipcar to grab one instantly whenever i need it via their app . 
  ] ( http://www.zipcar.com/ ) [ i have an app that sends someone to do my laundry . ] ( http://www.getwashio.com/ ) . 
  i even use an [ app that sends someone out to run random errands for me , like buying flowers or a chocolate cake !, 
  ] ( https://favordelivery.com/ ) - the faster you embrace automation , the less it will shock your economy . 
  the us state of wisconsin and kansas have been doing this same thing . 
  spoiler alert : all the teachers leave and the state budgets still are n't balanced . 
  even the most strident republicans are admitting that austerity and budgets cuts are n't working . 
  finland 's government needs to google [ `` sam brownback 's education cuts '' ] ( http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/kansas-gov-sam-brownback-cut-45-million-public-school-funding ) for a real-life example of what 's going to happen to them . 
  why they 'd still go through with it after having a real-life example of how horribly it works , i have no clue . 
  while you 've argued your point well , i 'd still argue that the president of a federal government that directly controls 320 million people is more powerful than a leader that leads a coalition of 500 million , especially considering gdp per capita of the us is 53,000 + usd vs 34,500 usd for the eu . 
  the us president is also the commander and chief of the largest military known to man , and can take unilateral action . 
  merkel absolutely does not have this power , nor does she have nuclear weapons . 
  clinton could end the world if she fancied . 
  that said , janet yellen is currently the most powerful woman in the world . 
  [ janet yellen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janet_yellen ) is by far and away the most powerful woman in the world . 
  last i checked , what you are describing is commonly called `` monetary policy '' . 
  every country in the world except for the eurozone nations ( and countries that peg their currency to other currencies ) are able to use it to promote their national economy . 
  if you think that it 's unfair that the us gets enormous benefits from its monetary policies , perhaps you should instead ask why you are using euros instead of your own currency . 
  so wait , you think that the only reason that the us has a successful system is because of our currency ? 
  do you think that just happened randomly ? 
  did the pope bless the us dollar to be the chosen currency or something ? 
  hint : the usd is powerful because we made it powerful , via our enormous trade links with the world and protecting that trade globally via our hard and soft power . 
  it 's really funny to see people dismiss the world 's largest economy with abundant geography , natural resources , world-class higher education , extensive logistics and transportation infrastructure , high rates of entrepreneurship , etc as only a product of `` printing money '' . 
  do you live in the us ? 
  it 's one thing to parrot talking points about how 90 % of americans have `` increasingly dire '' economic situation , and quite another to see what people how people actually live .
