  it 's nearly impossible to roll back these types of things once they are implemented . 
  now that the state of emergency has been extended to 3 months , these powers will become entrenched deeply and you may never get it back . 
  i hope i 'm wrong ... 
  the us military technically can still execute soldiers . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_by_the_united_states_military currently , under the uniform code of military justice , 14 offenses are punishable by death . 
  under the following sections of the ucmj , the death penalty can be imposed at any time : * 94 - mutiny or sedition * 99 - misbehavior before the enemy * 100 - subordinate compelling surrender * 101 - improper use of countersign * 102 - forcing a safeguard * 104 - aiding the enemy * 106a - espionage * 110 - improper hazarding of vessel * 118 - murder ( including both premeditated murder and felony murder ) * 120 - rape ( including child rape ) [ 7 ] four provisions of the ucmj carry a death sentence only if the crime is committed during times of war : * 85 - desertion * 90 - assaulting or willfully disobeying a superior commissioned officer * 106 - lurking as a spy or acting as a spy * 113 - misbehavior of a sentinel or lookout, 
   in general americans live in bubbles . 
  people do n't interact with strangers . 
  you do n't discuss politics in public . 
  you know how i can tell that you are n't american . . ? 
  the us complies with most international laws , but we do not sign the treaties because we do not recognize any other authority as being superior to our constitution . 
  it 's just a sovereignty thing , and , like many things with congress , highly ceremonial for no reason . 
   the recent attacks in spain were `` larger '' and that 's just from memory . 
  i 'm sure a cursory search in wikipedia will reveal many more . 
  are you guys seriously forgetting the one that killed 2,996 people ? 
  counterpoint : the two countries with the longest shared land border and the highest percent of bilateral cross-border trade * have : * border controls with require a passport * two different currencies that are not pegged somehow the us and canada have a very strong relationship despite these features . 
  when people say that the euro and the schengen zone are immutable , i point this out . 
  * the u.s. receives 70.2 percent of canadian goods and services , and 61.7 percent of canada 's goods and services imports come from the u.s. 
  i do n't mean to be flippant , but this is why americans are annoyed that almost all european nato members do not hit their spending targets or contribute enough to the organization . 
  because now `` nato '' is going to be roped into war , which essentially means that the us has to lead if the conflict escalates beyond air bombing . 
  the c&c , logistics , and force projection capabilities of european armies are simply not enough to launch a full air and land invasion in syria on their own . 
  that being said i 'm proud that my country is able to lend our help to france . 
  i fully support standing by our oldest ally . 
  i just hope that people remember this the next time the question comes up `` why do we even need an army ? 
  who will attack us here in europe ? '', 
  clear . 
  threats . 
  what , for forced `` re-education ? '', 
  i mean , i find her words and thoughts just as repugnant as everyone else , but i think that she still has the right to say those things . 
  she does n't have the right to avoid judgement for her speech though . 
  it just gets creepy when the government can throw you in jail for words , without any pretense of calling for violence . 
  i 'm sure that many disagree with me and that 's fine , but denying the holocaust should n't be a crime that lands you in jail . 
  man , you are missing out !, 
  football is n't the easiest sport to understand , [ but the talent and plays are just unreal ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llutlaklar4 ) fun fact !, 
  back in the early 1900s , numerous college players would get killed on the field every year . 
  in 1905 , 18 players were killed in one season . 
  it 's a far , far more violent sport than rugby due to the angles involved . 
  there 's a reason that they wear pads and helmets now . 
  do n't forget about exemptions though !, 
   you pay sales tax all along the supply chain . 
  so say there is a 6 % tax , well when supplier a buys the raw material , that 's a 6 % tax and then they sell to supplier b that then charges a 6 % tax on top of that and then they sell to the consumer that pays a 6 % tax on top of that . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  every step of the chain is tax-free except for the last part where the consumer pays 6 % . 
  all other stages of wholesale and raw materials pay zero tax . 
  that 's what separates it from a vat system . 
  honestly i have comcast and it 's fine . 
  it 's never once gone down , i get 150 mbps + cable tv for $ 80 a month , and their bill-pay system is painless and easy to use . 
  they express shipped my stb the next day and i 've never been bothered by them unnecessarily . 
  people go a bit overboard when it comes to them ... 
  that seems needlessly dangerous ... cigs are incredibly addictive . 
  i mean , some of us could afford to go get our own place straight out of college , so why not ? 
  i feel like it really helps you feel independent and helps you mature . 
  plus you can date/have a partner much easier , cook big meals for your friends , have friends from other cities crash at your place , throw big house parties , etc without bothering your family . 
  i swear to god i saw gas at $ 0.79 a gallon at a station in 1999 . 
  it was nuts !, 
  want to know more ? 
  here 's the current gas price heatmap : http://www.gasbuddy.com/gaspricemap those prices are in usd per us gallon , and a us gallon is 3.79 liters . 
  yeah this is maaybe how recovering mormons date . 
  the usa is the land of tinder and grindr - literally apps where you swipe faces of hot people within a certain mile radius of you until you find someone who also `` swiped right '' ( liked ) you too , and then it launches you into a private im where you can coordinate on meeting up to hook up . 
  and it 's the most popular dating app by far . 
  but sure , let 's instead trust a hungarian to explain us dating culture , 
  very much so . 
  specialized tradesmen make anywhere from 90,000 - 180,000 a year in cities ... unless you do n't consider that well paid . 
  half of the pentagon is underground though . 
  the telephone is a dubious one to claim ... the first phone call was made in the us ( alexander graham bell ) and the string of firsts ( long-distance , switching , etc ) were all in the us as well . 
  if you mean first person to transmit garbled voice over wires , sure , but the `` telephone '' was n't invented in germany . 
  so then why are you using the stockholm metro area instead of the city population , which is roughly 780,000 . 
  i do n't really care , but it 's disingenuous to compare . 
  detroit urban area has a population of 3,734,090 . 
  metro detroit has over 5.3 million people . 
  oh come on . 
  chicago has had over 1,000 people shot just in 2015 - do you think that sweden suddenly has a problem because stockholm has had 40 people shot ? 
  cities everywhere have violence - keep things in perspective before you go implicitly blaming immigrants/non-swedish people . 
  you do realize that keeping europe safe and stable is in the us 's long-term economic interest , right ? 
  if it costs us 50 billion a year to keep our navy and army active throughout europe , but nets our companies a trillion through trade , it 's still in the us 's interest . 
  the side effect of getting to essentially dictate european hardpower options is just a bonus . 
  lolol how old are you ? 
  do you not remember the iran hostage crisis ? 
  the soviet invasion of afghanistan ? 
  the suez crisis ? 
  the bombings of us barracks in beirut ? 
  the iran-iraq war in the 80s ? 
  the persian gulf war where a giant coalition of nations , led by the us , wiped out saddams 's army and liberated kuwait ? 
  the formation of the modern states via sykes picot after wwi ? 
  the allied nations ' treaty with the house of saud after wwii ? 
  the kidnapping and murder of israeli athletes at the munich olympics ? 
  history did n't start in 2001 . 
  while removing saddam was a mixed bag , you should blame the current power vacuum on the asshole nouri al-maliki who refused to form an inclusive government in iraq , and instead perpetuated the sunni-shia divide . 
  there 's a lot more of course , but you ca n't just say that the current problems are caused solely by western intervention . 
  these people hate each other just as much as they hate `` the west '', 
  worse - it 's intellectual laziness due to what is essentially tribalism . 
  the us does n't view the eu as anything other than an ally - it 's bizarre to see so many people here feel the opposite . 
  wrap it up boys , the austrians do n't think that austria is racist . 
  next : listen to americans tell you that gun violence is n't a real problem in america !, 
  so if it was a european ship that sailed through the chinese islands , would you support it ? 
  the whole exercise is to reaffirm the commitment to the international law of the seas , which explicitly states that you ca n't build artificial islands for the purpose of claiming that area as your territory . 
  therefore the american ship was simply sailing through international waters . 
  it 's just that every other country is too scared of china or does n't have a big enough blue water navy to do it themselves . 
  to be fair , the owner was sentenced to 15 years in jail , but he was released in 4 and on probation . 
  he pled no contest and they did n't want to subject the community to a trial .
