  they have n't solved the problem and they are basically trying to enforce a law that does n't exist on a national level . 
  also , there 's this gem :  margrethe vestager , the european commissioner for competition , has complained she ca n't watch her favorite danish tv programs while traveling , while andrus ansip , the commission vice-president for the digital single market , lamented not being able to watch estonian football when he is outside the country . 
  basically they are saying that they should have a single digital economy , but instead of creating it via legislation they are trying to create it via lawyers . 
  not impressive . 
   commission president jean-claude juncker has bad-mouthed the current fragmented sales practice and claims it is a major factor holding back europe 's digital economy . 
  so fix your own internal rules and actually create a single unified set of laws for media in the eu instead of going after us and uk firms in the courts . 
  such a roundabout way of tackling the issue , but easier than actually drafting new laws . 
  quelle surprise * no shit *, 
  haha , do n't tell the germans that austerity is pro-cyclical . 
  yep !, 
  conversions : -16 f on the map is -26 c , and 82f is 28c . 
  i do n't know what you think that video proves beyond the fact that biden rightfully is calling out the marathon bombers for being idiots and losers . 
  u6 unemployment in the us is at 10.8 % . 
  this counts total unemployed , plus all persons marginally attached to the labor force , ** plus total employed part time for economic reasons ** , as a percent of the civilian labor force plus all persons marginally attached to the labor force . 
   note : persons marginally attached to the labor force are those who currently are neither working nor looking for work but indicate that they want and are available for a job and have looked for work sometime in the past 12 months . 
  discouraged workers , a subset of the marginally attached , have given a job-market related reason for not currently looking for work . 
  persons employed part time for economic reasons are those who want and are available for full-time work but have had to settle for a part-time schedule . 
  updated population controls are introduced annually with the release of january data . 
  if you exclude people who are working part-time but would like to be working full-time ( which is u5 ) , the rate is 6.4 % . 
  this includes people who want to work but are n't registered as seeking employment ( discouraged workers ) . 
  the official rate is u3 which is 5.5 % and does not count `` discouraged '' workers . 
  sounds like someone is still stuck in 2004 - seriously nobody has said anything like that in the us government in a loooong time . 
  even the last years of the bush administration were n't like that . 
  stop living in the past . 
  the long-term unemployment rate in the us has fallen quite a bit recently : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/long-term-unemployment-rate down to 1.35 % . 
  keep in mind that most people in this category are in their mid to late 50s and may want a job to supplement their income , so they are in a state of quasi-retirement . 
  not good of course , but very few of the long-term unemployed people are in their prime working years . 
  the obama administration resisted counter-cyclical austerity and instead worked with the fed to pump trillions of stimulus into the economy over the past 6 years instead of worrying about `` paying off the debt '' immediately . 
  the other main reason is that the fed has a `` dual mandate '' to continue aggressive monetary policy until unemployment is within their target . 
  in europe , the ecb only targets price stability ( inflation ) , not unemployment . 
  k-12 education in the us is free , trade schools are very cheap if you want to be a plumber or electrician . 
  basic medical procedures are almost always available through walk-in clinics that will charge you far , far less than a hospital or doctor 's office ( if you just have the flu or something ) , and a ton of people get really good health insurance through their company so they end up paying very little for top-quality care . 
  also , medicaid specifically provides free government-run healthcare for citizens under the poverty line , and medicare provides heavily subsidized healthcare for senior citizens . 
  tricare is for former military members . 
  basically , it 's not a perfect system but what you hear on reddit is a bunch of 22 year olds who are suddenly shocked that the extremely expensive private university they attended is now going to cost them 100,000 k in loans . 
  the pricing is n't hidden and you know exactly what it costs every semester - people are just delusional and want to blame `` the system '' for their crippling student loan debt they acquired to get their english degree . 
  i attended a top-tier private uni which which costs around 60k a year , yet i paid almost none of that since they offer tons of grants ( aka free money to reduce tuition ) plus scholarships and outside programs to pay for it . 
  i took out low-interest student loans from the government so that my parents would n't need to pay for anything , and i have a very manageable repayment plan . 
  ymmv . 
  my my what a wide brush you have !, 
  yeah seriously , [ texas alone pledged to spend an additional $ 4b annually on their roads and highways last year ] ( http://www.texastribune.org/2014/12/09/abbott-plans-add-4-billion-road-funding/ ) , and texas is pretty much trying as hard as possible to avoid increasing their budgets and cutting `` wasteful spending '' . 
  if they can manage an additional $ 4b , i 'm pretty sure germany can too . 
  for some perspective , the us spends more than 87 billion * per month * on roads and highways , and there are still lots of roads that need some tlc . 
  infrastructure is expensive . 
  history * sliiightly * disagrees with that . 
  we have over 350,000,000 privately-owned firearms and we 'll kill every last rooskie that dares step foot on our blessed land !, 
  * eagle scream *, 
  it 's not just different names , it 's different benefits , rights , and standing in the eyes of the law . 
  which is * the * definition of segregation . 
  `` separate but equal '' has a nice ring to it !, 
  & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; the united states has pumped hundreds of billions of dollars over decades into europe , secured european security via nato , encouraged european integration , rebuilt west germany , and invested tons into propping up the euro when it was launched . 
  the us strategically and politically does n't want to see the eu or the euro fail . 
  if you view constructive criticism about the design of your currency union as an attack on your continent from `` the yanks '' you really need to look at the actual history of us support for europe . 
  because if the punishment for defaulting on debt was too high , nobody would take out any loans and nobody would start businesses . 
  it 's simple decision theory to see that the `` punishment '' for default need to be fairly strict , but not overwhelmingly so that it prevents people from making any investments at all . 
  it 's why things like debtors prisons were terrible ideas , and why we do n't have them anymore in modern society . 
  if you stifle the potential to take on debt , you stifle your economy . 
  imagine a world where all private industry is deeply indebted to public governments . 
  i do n't imagine that world lasting longer than a few days . 
  from an accounting standpoint that would be an extremely dangerous imbalance since businesses can declare bankruptcy and walk away from their losses , which leaves the public sector on the hook . 
  have them all do this at once and your lovely , debt-free creditor nation is completely without money . 
  puerto rico 's debt issues are mostly caused by a sharply declining population . 
  everyone born in pr is a us citizen , so they can easy work in the continental us if they are educated . 
  when wages are 2-10x higher in the states than in pr , it 's no wonder that the top talent moves away . 
  the country shrank by 300,000 people ( ~ 8 % of the country ) since 2006 . 
  it 's also a much different scenario since pr already receives billions annually in federal aid from the us government , which is substantial considering they only have 3.5 million citizens . 
  you do realize that it is mathematically impossible for every country to be a creditor , right ? 
  it 's not possible for every nation in europe to run a surplus , nor would it be desireable . 
  having no debt means that you are using your cash reserves to fund investments and capital maintenance , which is very risky when you could instead issue bonds with a very low interest rate to fund them instead . 
  the only reason that we are not all serfs slaving away to a tiny number of feudal lords is because of bank loans and finance which empowered people to go into debt in order to build their own businesses and empires . 
  debt is n't bad . 
  debt is essential . 
  what is bad is simply piling on more loans to a country so that they can pay back existing loans . 
  it 's like opening a credit card to pay off your credit card bills . 
  what you really need to do is restructure and make the payments affordable , so that the country can start investing in their economy again . 
  when their economy starts picking up due to the investment , they 'll have more revenue and thus be able to pay off their interest payments again . 
  sorry , i do n't mean to be rude , but that 's simply incorrect and a total misunderstanding of american culture . 
   as a european , i refuse to relinquish this perspective to you !, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  how much time do you have to wait ? 
  since the financial crisis in 2009 almost no major eurozone economy has recovered save germany and maybe the netherlands and austria . 
  france , italy , spain - all at unsustainably high unemployment numbers half a decade later . 
  look at this chart to compare against the other major western economy : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/embed/?s=umrtemu&amp;d1=20090101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;url2=/united-states/unemployment-rate&amp;title=false&amp;h=300&amp;w=600&amp;ref=/euro-area/unemployment-rate, 
  yeah i agree that a grexit is the correct route , but here we are watching the third bailout and the third round of austerity . 
  it did n't work the last two times and it 's not going to work this time . 
  the eurozone is flawed , but instead of blaming the flawed system everyone is attacking greece for `` cooking the books '' and being lazy . 
  disagree . 
  politics is about national sovereignty and making your own laws , not having the troika deciding your national laws for you . 
  not really - pretty much every major american university assigns financial aid on a case-by-case basis , taking into account a ton of papers and forms that you must submit ( both applications and in some cases tax returns and statements from your parents ) . 
  for some of the top universities , anyone whose parents make less than 60k a year attend completely free without any loans . 
  because greece is a member of the euro and the european union ? 
  damn i did n't realize how little that matters to people . 
  further proof that a united europe is still just a fantasy . 
   nobody is stopping greece from spending their way out of the crisis . 
  actually the eurogroup is entirely blocking greece from spending their way out of the crisis . 
  they are insisting of austerity instead and are holding the greek banking system hostage unless greece complies with anti-growth reforms . 
  huh , and here i am thinking that the us has 5.3 % unemployment with strong economic growth despite starting in a deeper hole in 2008 ... maybe instead of dismissing our `` spend and spend '' ideology you should take notes . 
  all y' all just jealous because murica just got pluto . 
  us citizens paid over $ 2580 per person just for the iraq war , and that was n't even a loan . 
  if the us can piss away that type of money , surely the europeans can invest a far smaller amount * in one of their own member nations * .
