  additionally , you ca n't blindly blame america for everything . 
  this is just as much a result of merkel 's migration policies as it is anything else . 
  probably , but i think that it 's just a feature of the us justice system that some facilities ( supermax ) are built specifically to isolate certain prisoners from the general prison population . 
  this is either because said prisoners have killed other inmates or guards , or because they themselves are huge targets and would likely be murdered by the other prisoners . 
  at the very top of the security system is the federal supermax in colorado ( adx florence ) which is designed with complete isolation as the goal . 
  every single prisoner is in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day , and they get one hour in a special isolated area for recreation . 
  they never , ever see other inmates , and all windows are upward facing so they never know where they are in the facility . 
  everything is also sound proof via feet of concrete . 
  the whole place is automated so there are very few guards needed , and guards are rotated out often to avoid any collaboration ( and because they hate working there too ) . 
  there are n't many prisoners there - it 's truly the worst of the worst . 
  sooo , yeah it 's probably not ethical . 
  but it holds extremely dangerous killers , mob bosses , cartel leaders , terrorists , etc that are too dangerous or present too much of a liability for any other prison . 
  you can always send him over to us yanks ... we 'll put him in adx florence, 
  i mean , the us invaded and liberated an entire ocean and defeated the japanese empire 95 % solo , all while spearheading the liberation of europe from the west , so it 's not totally surprising that some folks have that impression . 
  if he was in the us he 'd be in [ adx florence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adx_florence )  the majority of the facility is above ground . 
  the only part that is underground is a subterranean corridor that links cellblocks to the lobby . 
  inmates spend 23 hours a day locked in their cells and are escorted by a minimum of three officers for their five hours of private recreation per week . 
  each cell has a desk , a stool , and a bed , which are almost entirely made out of poured concrete , as well as a toilet that shuts off if blocked , a shower that runs on a timer to prevent flooding , and a sink lacking a potentially dangerous tap . 
  rooms may also be fitted with polished steel mirrors bolted to the wall , an electric light that can only be shut off remotely , a radio , and on rare occasions , a black-and-white television that shows recreational , educational , and religious programming . 
  in addition , all cells are soundproofed to prevent prisoners from communicating with each other via morse code . 
  he lucked out big time . 
  while this is true , growth is n't accelerating in europe . 
  the consumer market there is pretty much saturated , whereas in asia , africa and latin america it 's growing much faster . 
  the us is already pivoting to asia for a reason . 
  the pacific is where the action is heading . 
  additionally , the us currently has a fairly significant trade deficit with the eu , meaning that the us buys more from the eu than it sells into the eu . 
  therefore , if the us loses the market it is n't a net negative , since they would just buy the goods somewhere else or make it domestically . 
  that 's not what i said at all , and i promise you trump is n't getting anywhere close to the oval office . 
  holy shit , yeah seriously come back to the us if that 's what you are dealing with . 
  there is nothing like that occurring here - people would be outraged . 
  at a concert i was at recently , everyone was packed together and some girl apparently got felt up by some dude behind her - she yelled at him and pretty much instantly like 5 dudes jumped on him and dragged him out of the crowd to the police . 
  the girl then filed a police report on the spot and the dude is going to be fucked - sexual assault charges are no joke . 
  it 's * never * okay for someone to touch you without your consent . 
  ah makes sense , i forgot the fx rate effects, 
  holy shit - the us added around * 28 trillion * dollars in net national wealth since 2010 , yet german , france , italy , spain , japan all * lost * wealth during that same time ? 
  there must be a ton of capital leaving europe apparently . 
  i 'm still deciding which is cooler : railguns , or [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/bb61_uss_iowa_bb61_broadside_usn.jpg ), 
  still not quite as [ sexy as the zumwalt ] ( http://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/151207-n-zz999-435-932x583.jpg ), 
  depending on what type of engineer you are , you would probably be in high demand . 
  my friends that graduated college with engineering degrees went straight into the workforce - starting salaries around 60k for mechanical to one of my friends that started at 95k + benefits for petroleum engineering in texas . 
  then again other friends that went into ibanking and consulting might be making even more than that with bonuses , plus getting their mbas paid for by their company . 
  bottom line , talent is in high demand . 
  if you like colder cities , then boston , chicago , and minneapolis are all good choices with really cool , smart people . 
  let me know if you are serious - happy to help advise if you would like !, 
  oh so russia is the only country that gets to act all tough without people calling them out ? 
  they get to invade their neighbors and we all have to act like it 's just because russians are more macho than westerners ? 
  that does n't change the fact that their economy is n't diversified and their foreign policy is regional . 
  sorry , maybe germany feels entitled to boss your country around because they have more money than you . 
  that 's germany 's problem . 
  but obama can truly call russia a regional power because , by definition , they are not a superpower . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  today though bbq has become an art , mmm . 
  you still got that nato nuclear umbrella ? 
  we could buy russia five times in a row and still be wealthier than germany . 
  obama can talk about russia however he damn well pleases . 
  ummm ... fresh pork ribs and beef brisket smoked for hours upon end is delicious * and * relies on high quality protein . 
  we prefer the term `` preventative wars '' . 
  / s vietnam was a weird issue with france losing a colony that devolved into a clusterfuck . 
  iraq was straight up unnecessary , but still had a target in the saddam regime . 
  saddam had wmds , since he used them on the kurds and the iranians in the 80s . 
  whether he was going to use them for any purpose other than defending against iran again was the issue that the west missed entirely . 
  some experts would say that saddam was sounding threatening and bellicose to counter iran , not the west . 
  either way , both were bad ideas . 
  same reason why invading syria with ground troops would also be a bad idea . 
  it still required a lot of us logistics assistance behind the scenes , from refueling aircraft to cargo transport . 
  wait , why would they be arrested for chanting something ? 
  when i used to work in london , i tried to be mindful and respectful of other cultures and nationalities ( worked in an office with people from all over europe , not just the uk ) , but i sure as hell [ kept my screensaver set to this picture . 
  ] ( http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/466548main_as16-113-18339_full.jpg ), 
  tbf , the slogan is `` support our troops '' not `` support our wars '' . 
  after vietnam , and specifically the awful treatment of returning vets , many people are now very adamant about ensuring that the soldiers feel supported and cared for . 
  holy shit - i could n't imagine that opening scene playing out where i 'm from - grabbing a cop or shoving them is a damn good way to win a darwin award . 
  fyi , the us presidential election is n't until november . 
  this upcoming vote is the very first primary caucus in the state of iowa . 
  it 's pretty unlikely that this news will carry through for more than a month . 
  fun fact !, 
  english is not the official language of the united states . 
  the other comment from parkitson is more detailed , but i have friends and colleagues that work as regulators and i can assure you that the feds take oversea corruption allegations extremely seriously . 
  it is not a wink-wink , nudge-nudge sort of thing , it 's a criminal offense . 
  one of the largest us companies , walmart , was hit by a huge federal investigation recently over allegations of bribery in mexico and india , and the case is still on-going : http://www.wsj.com/articles/wal-mart-bribery-probe-finds-little-misconduct-in-mexico-1445215737 much like the irs , you do n't fuck with the foreign corrupt practices act . 
  campaigns are a bit different than actually being in office . 
  you have to get people exited enough to actually come out and vote . 
  in your perfect world , everyone would be rational and technocratic , but it does n't work like that in the us of a. 
  `` yes we can ! '', 
  was a damn good campaign slogan though . 
  it 's a pretty classic appeal to the american get-down-to-business attitude , which is n't a bad thing . 
  `` hope and change '' was more the idealistic one . 
   your unemployment rate is 6 % . 
  a few more % lower and you 'll be at what economists thinks is full employment . 
  our unemployment rate is actually 5.0 % , and i 'm familiar with nairu as i have a degree in econ . 
  any discussion of social benefits in the us need to account for the vast differences in cost-of-living throughout parts of the us . 
  while 17k a year might seem very low for someone living in a city , it is n't bad for someone living in a rural area . 
  additionally , unemployment benefits are supplemented with food stamps , tax relief , housing vouchers , etc. 
  which helps keep people off the streets . 
  immigrants are what american is built on , which is true . 
  however all immigrants are expected to abide by us laws and cultural norms , and understand that they are n't welcome here if they break laws or commit crimes . 
  the reason that many illegal mexican immigrants are working in the us without too much trouble is because they are very afraid of being deported , and therefore do not cause trouble . 
  they also do not receive social security , gov benefits , etc unless their kids are us citizens . 
  contrast this with many migrants receiving housing and aid right off the bat and you can see how policies diverge . 
   alright , no worries . 
  i was just pointing out that it 's protectionism .
