  most people just know that parisians smoke and drink wine often , and that the country had to surrender to hitler . 
  thus the jokes . 
  i apologize if you did n't mean to imply that , however i thought that the implication was pretty obvious : apple is a us company that developed the phone so easy that any moron could use it , whereas nokia , developed in finland , was n't used to morons so they failed to develop a simple phone . 
  i get what you are trying to say about average intelligence , and i 'm not disputing the facts there - finland truly leads the world in average education attainment . 
  it 's just not really a good excuse for making poor business decisions . 
   nokia forgot this , probably because finish people are quite intelligent and highly educated . 
  this is pretty cringe-worthy . 
  seriously , the reason apple dominated ( and continues to dominate ) is because of marketing and ui . 
  they understood that phones needed to be dead simple , and they highlighted the simplicity in their marketing . 
  `` it just works '' . 
  nokia and everyone else got caught up marketing to the 10 % of people who care about specs and bleeding edge features while apple mopped up the other 90 % in the race to put smartphones in people 's pockets . 
  it has nothing to do with average intelligence - people can still be smart and not want a complex smartphone . 
  you can accuse americans of being dumb all you want here and nobody will bat an eye , but when an american company out-innovated your entire industry suddenly it 's because nokia was used to `` smart people '' using their phones . 
  just admit that nokia made some poor decisions and move on with your life . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the us has felt the impact of radical islamic terrorism far harder than germany . 
  but hey , that street gang looked pretty scary !, 
  the us brought back multiple missionaries and they were treated and recovered fine . 
  but we have the cdc . 
   they are good , moral people and i consider them europeans , canadians , americans etc. 
  if they follow the laws and virtues that we uphold in the west . 
  i disagree - i consider anyone an american if they are a legal citizen . 
  their beliefs and attitudes have no bearing on their nationality . 
  i understand what you are trying to say , but there is no absolute culture in the us , only absolute laws ( the constitution ) . 
  i think that the crazy people who protest funerals are americans , i think that people who do n't speak english at home are americans . 
  i think that people who practice islam and do n't eat meat are americans . 
  unless you are breaking a law , i do n't give a shit what you believe or do . 
  lol do you see my flair ? 
  it seems like half of the countries on earth blame their problems on the us , and raise their kids to hate us . 
  just today on the bbc there was an editor of a major pakistani newspaper claiming that malala yousafzai was an american spy/plant . 
  in iran they like to bookend rallies and big speeches with the good ol `` death to america '' chant . 
  that 's just how people are in some parts of the world . 
  do i hate pakistanis or iranians back ? 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's up to you to rise above the hate and show a better example . 
  had to check to see whether i was in / r/europe or / r/murica is supporters are n't all complete and absolute in their beliefs . 
  while there are many who are willing to die for their cause , that 's not the case with the majority of the supporters in europe . 
  by deporting them or worse though , we ensure that the rest become fully radicalized . 
  the world is much smaller than you think . 
  just sending these people out of sight does n't make them disappear - there are serious consequences for not facing the problem head-on before it gets out of hand . 
  wow , are we seriously upvoting this crap ? 
   i believe that the germans are actually trying to do just that , but with one difference : they 're trying to make sure it is sustainable in the long run , ie , that it is not a temporary bubble . 
  to do this , they need to make sure that the economies in question are viable in the same long run . 
  i think this is where we will have to agree to disagree . 
  bubbles are not sustainable of course , but neither is record high unemployment . 
  we can not sacrifice today 's youth and jobs for the faint promise of `` stable finances '' a decade from now . 
  politically the timeline is n't long enough for people to tolerate mass unemployment and economic stagnation , and more extreme politics will become acceptable and mainstream as the stagnation wears on . 
  i think you are missing the main points here . 
  nobody is arguing against your points : * fiscal stability * a solid industrial base * a decent standard of living i think everyone agrees that you can keep these components during a reform process . 
  nobody is advocating a '' full-on rabid free-market liberalism rampage '' - that 's just silly . 
  also healthcare and education investment in germany is decent , but as the article implies all levels of government spending or investment * could be higher * . 
  now , as to the main issue - germany does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  when you are a large net-exporter , the health of your economy is dependent on your neighbors and trading partners . 
  for the last 100 years , the us ( for better or worse ) has spent trillions attempting to keep their trading partners alive . 
  the us helped rebuild europe after wwii , the us overthrew leaders who tried to socialize private businesses in latin america , we park our navy between china and taiwan , we have troops in south korea , japan , germany , saudi arabia , etc. 
  and the current doctrine is aimed at stopping extremism so that we can * trade more with the rest of the world . 
  * sure this is n't what the state dept. 
  prints on pamphlets , but it 's the honest slogan . 
  contrast this with germany today , which has failed to invest in its neighbors . 
  it has more or less ignored the plight of the other large economies in the ez , and instead ignorantly suggested that the german model ( which is a good one , no doubt ) can be adopted by other countries . 
  except there can only be one germany per trading block . 
  if every country was like germany , they 'd have absolutely nobody to sell their goods . 
  germany needs to take a more active interest in pushing policies to help the rest of the ez rebound . 
  instead , my perception is that germans have taken a nationalistic , short-sighted approach in thinking that the current gravy train will continue chugging on forever . 
  demographics aside ( which is a valid argument for sure ) the issue that most people miss is that debt is only relevant to talk about in terms of debt to gdp , not just alone . 
  so yes , spending a billion dollars may increase the debt , but if that billion stimulates the economy by a greater ratio than 1:1 ( which is common , most public spending projects have a greater than one ratio ) , you actually reduce your total debt to gdp ratio . 
  this means you have a healthier economy , more jobs , etc. 
  secondly , the part about the interest rates is only partly true . 
  interest rates are controlled by far more than your country 's debt . 
  otherwise countries with large debts would have higher rates , but that is certainly not true . 
  the interest rate is more a measure of your ability to repay the specific bond on-time . 
  the issue of course is that running a high debt can turn bad in a hurry if your interest rates spike , but that occurs when your economy tanks . 
  so . . the logical thing would be to invest your billions now , thereby shrinking your debt to gdp ratio , and therefore keeping your interest rate low as investors gain confidence that you can repay . 
  this is super simplified of course but it 's probably helpful on a basic level . 
  okay , i see that this is a giant block of text , but it only really applies to out-of-network charges . 
  of course if you see a doctor that is n't covered by your network you 'll have to pay more - that 's just how insurance networks function . 
  secondly , your pcp does n't just do preventative care - going to your doctor ( who should be in your network by definition ) wo n't cost you an exorbitant amount of money . 
  even bloodwork wo n't be super high , although it can cost around 100 bucks for complex tests . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's cheap , and i think that it needs to be cheaper , but unless you are waiting until you need to go to the emergency room you 'll be okay . 
  when you save money by cutting maintenance costs , you are n't actually saving money . 
  when germany is cutting their deficit by slashing maintenance spending , they are n't actually cutting their deficit . 
  whenever i hear about germany having a surplus , i think about all the money that they should be investing instead . 
  ultimately though , this is for the germans to figure out . 
  uk newspaper articles are good and all , but until the german political establishment realizes that they are making a big mistake , nothing will change their stubborn ways . 
  your country would n't change their policies because of another country 's warnings , no ? 
  pride comes before the fall . 
  edit : the rest of the article is also very damning . 
  i personally just have a stake in wanting europe to succeed and grow strong again . 
  the continent and countries within have much to teach the rest of the world , but nobody is going to listen or follow the example of european countries if they remain mired in stagnation . 
  i fear that in a few years , any argument for things like universal healthcare or free higher education will be met with a quick `` well look where that got those countries '' here in the us . 
  that 's why i want to see things turn around , but it wo n't happen until the germans humble themselves a bit and countries like france or italy or spain or greece suck up their pride and realize that not everything can be blamed on germany . 
  i really hope that happens soon . 
  honestly i do n't really think that killing the dog was the wrong move . 
  [ dogs may be symptomless carriers of ebola ] ( http://www.npr.org/blogs/goatsandsoda/2014/10/08/354568673/excalibur-the-dog-exposed-to-ebola-awaits-his-fate ) , and thus if it gets loose ( or freed by activists ) it could possibly spread the disease further . 
  people should be protesting the lax safety standards at the hospitals , not killing a dog . 
   here in the us even insured people may often have to pay hundreds of dollars ( which counts against their deductible which can be as high as $ 6000 ) to see a doctor !, 
  thats ... not typical . 
  nearly everyone i know pays at most $ 70 out of pocket for a scheduled visit to their pcp , and that 's including lab tests and stuff . 
  annual visits are covered free by the new aca and most cities have very cheap walk-in clinics where you can see a doctor for very cheap , even if you have no health insurance . 
  but hey , continue to be ignorant of your options . 
  yeah , i feel you there .
