  this is n't the cold war anymore , and modern russia is a shadow of what the soviet union was . 
  their army is old and rusty , they have some tanks and choppers but require months to mobilize completely , etc etc. 
  i 'd argue that repelling this move is only in the interests of europeans since the main strategic issue in that region are gas pipelines , which europe depends on . 
  the us is now drowning in lng and oil , but europe is not self-sustainable . 
  that is a huge vulnerability and makes the german decision to abandon nuclear power in favor of fossil fuels ( until the green tech all comes online in a decade ) look pretty short-sided . 
  the us does n't need to do anything here , but europe should be the one leading the charge on the issue . 
  the us does n't spend a huge amount of money on our foreign policy relative to our gdp - we just have a shit ton of money . 
  and if you think the us is a country in decline , i have a bridge to sell you . 
  france had to rent the transport planes from the us in order to get to mali . 
  it was actually a pretty big issue in the backchannels since the us tried charging france for the use of the planes , and france protested since they assumed allies would let each other fly free . 
  eventually the us relented and let france have them for free this time , but the message was clear : waging war is expensive . 
   so no , apart from greece , the united states runs higher deficits in relation to their gdp than european countries . 
  and your public debt are increased beyond ours as well in relative terms . 
  yet the us has a far higher economic growth rate , thus will be able to pay off debts faster . 
  when faced with debt , you have two options : 1 ) cut your spending or 2 ) boost your income . 
  when you attempt to solve debt solely by cutting your spending , you end up in a vicious cycle where your economy stagnates due to lack of investment , which makes your debt-to-gdp levels rise even faster than you can trim it by cutting spending . 
  the us has instead tried to to both - states have cut spending while the federal government boosted investment . 
  on a whole , the results were mixed due to both contraction and expansion in different sectors , but overall the macro indicators are good . 
  what most advocates of the european route fail to properly account for is that everyone can not cut back simultaneously and continue to maintain the same level of exports . 
  if everyone in the currency union scales back , all markets shrink at the same time , which causes further stagnation . 
  at the end of the day , there are two fears that need to be addressed : 1 ) that debt is not the end of the world . 
  yields on bonds move in sync with perceived economic strength and sovereign stability , not debt levels . 
  simply having high debt does n't cause high yields , as extensively documented by japan which has seen 200 % + debt to gdp ratios and some of the lowest rates on gov debt . 
  2 ) inflation is healthy , and allowing it to stagnate or deflate in the core of europe is bad , bad news . 
  this is mostly a german problem , but it is a serious one . 
  once that mindset turns around , things will start shaping up again . 
  here 's how you create barricades with actual weapons . 
  guess whose property was n't damaged in the riots ? 
  people on this sub hate two things : america , and nuance . 
  i 'm not one to defend the tea party , but it is far different from radical groups like the edl . 
  the tea party was a libertarian movement at heart , and is about personal economic freedom , not about racism or banning islam . 
  to conflate the two is to misunderstand the issues entirely . 
  perhaps , but this is n't an easy comparison . 
  the us under obama carried out a large fiscal stimulus program in 2009 that was much further `` left '' economically than anything happening in the european union , which was a larger advocate for austerity ( a conservative economic principle ) . 
  you also have states in the us that have fully legalized pot , which is something that few countries in europe have even touched . 
  in fact , i 'd argue that obama 's economic policies are far to the left of germany 's leadership , which would make him hard to elect there . 
  it 's all relative to the issues . 
  sure american liberals are right of european counterparts on organized labor , collective rights , etc , but that 's not the whole picture . 
  i think we made our answer clear :  fuck the eu which basically translates as : `` only write checks you can cash . '', 
  haha , if you want to welcome putin into the eu be our guests . 
  it would be a quick way to make the eu 's political function irrelevant , especially since the normative values that i respect in europe ( gay rights , equality , etc ) would be exposed as a complete farce . 
  nobody looks good when private , confidential conversations get plastered on the front page of the new york times . 
  do n't confuse tapped phone calls for policy . 
  ignore the haters , and congrats on your dual-citizenship !, 
  we 're lucky to have you . 
  seriously , are you actually complaining that you were asked to participate in a nato operation when [ you voted to invoke article 5 of the nato treaty ?? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato#afghanistan_war ) christ learn your history . 
  i 'm sorry that it 's unfair that membership in nato is more than just getting protection from the us 's military 's sphere of influence . 
  so was i. i 'm probably about as close to a washington insider as you 'll find here . 
  i 'm friends with diplomats and a few ambassadors . 
  trust me , we honestly do n't look down on you . 
  it 's only when it comes to policy on issues that we disagree sometimes , and even then it 's often valid . 
  you 'd be frustrated too by some of the things i 've seen during negotiations . 
  call bullshit if you want but that 's the truth . 
  we almost all are big fans of european society . 
  honestly this place is pretty bizarre sometimes . 
  it 's like they all read fukuyama 's end of history and took it as fact . 
  i 'm by no means a hardened realist in any sense , but to dismiss the power of regional trade blocs and expanding spheres of influence into a historical russian territory is completely delusional . 
  i 'd be willing to bet though that very few commentators here have degrees in international relations or geopolitics . 
  i feel like i 'm back as a freshman in undergrad listening to people 's perceptions of the way ir works . 
  probably should have sent this as a pm , but whatever - downvote me if you all want . 
  as an american i assure you that we do n't see europe as `` our underlings '' or anything of the sort . 
  we have a healthy level of respect for your societies and culture , and i personally admire your social safety system , healthcare , infrastructure , etc. 
  this really does n't need to be an us-vs-them sort of thing . 
  just remember that americans in general do n't really think about europe that often . 
  we do n't see europe as a threat , and the animosity here is very much one-sided . 
  pretty much everyone i know is excited to meet europeans and learn about their lives abroad . 
  that said , do n't expect us foreign policy to fit your expectations of a symbiotic relationship . 
  we operate in our best interests , and that does n't always align with the best interests of europe . 
  i do n't know why this is surprising to anyone . 
  the brits have enough experience recently through the engagements in iraq and afghanistan to more than hold their own in terms of logistics experience . 
  they continue to be the closest coalition partner with the us , and as a result have been able to work hand-in-hand with the us brass in conducting operations . 
  the `` special relationship '' extends far within the military and intel realm , especially with academia and think-tanks . 
  i would chalk it up to the historical position of britain and the fact that they were the original modern empire . 
  they certainly teach the us things as well . 
  so yeah , the uk is separate in this context from the continental europeans . 
   if europe really wanted to , they could have a lot of hard power . 
  i disagree . 
  i 've been privy to some internal , high-level discussions in brussels about the future of european defense trends and organization ( including the cdp ) during my time at nato . 
  the fact is that they are more than willing to spend the money , but they do n't know how to spend money correctly . 
  the bureaucrats and advisers want to build faster jets , armored tanks , and their own gps system ( galileo ) because that 's what they think having a strong military entails . 
  so when europe does have some moment where they need to militarize quickly , they 'll build their eurofighters and tanks and battleships , but they will be sorely lacking in c&c , coordination training , logistics , executive , etc. 
  hell , during past conflicts the radios that different european countries used were n't even compatible , leading to serious issues when trying to coordinate . 
  the fact is that 90 % of what makes a military effective is logistics and real-time intelligence . 
  you need helicopters , transport ships , transport vehicles , transport hovercraft , in-air refueling networks , spy satellites , drones , 100 % encrypted communication at all levels , experience , and most of all a supply chain to get weapons and fuel to the front line quickly . 
  to this point europe would need at least a decade to coordinate and build an effective system , and by that time it would be too late . 
  in libya , france and norway literally ran out of precision bombs and had to have the us resupply their aircraft . 
  in mali , france could n't put troops on the ground without `` renting '' ( for free ) us transport aircraft . 
  they did n't have their own . 
  when you ca n't even project power in your own region , you have a ways to go before becoming a true blue water power . 
  you are correct that `` europe '' could build a ton of tanks and aircraft quickly , and even buy a lot of equipment from the us or allies in a pinch , but without experienced logistics operators it 's useless . 
  the real reason that the brazilians did n't buy the us 's jets was n't because of the nsa at all - it was because the us was n't including their classified avionics and electronic warfare tech along with the planes . 
  since brazil did n't want to develop their own version , the effectiveness of the planes was going to be lower than planned . 
  therefore , they were never offered the full f18 and now use the nsa as a moral excuse for not getting what they actually wanted . 
  thanks for the kind welcome . 
  i can clearly see that open-mindedness is alive and well here . 
  historically , the us 's intel community has been close with the uk , australia/nz , and canada . 
  the `` five eyes '' if you will . 
  germany wanted to get in on that action with its own agreement with the us , but for the past decade the us has refused . 
  thus , germany now is trying to swing the opposite way and proposing to abandon spying altogether to save face .
