  huh , i just found this subreddit and was excited to talk more with europeans about world issues . 
  i guess i did n't know what i expected , but this was literally the first comment i 've read and the fact that it 's the top comment is pretty sad . 
  you can do better europe . 
  articles like these are reminders that the economic fundamentals of europe are weakening faster than people realize . 
  sure there are tons of skilled and smart people there , but without domestic consumption they will always be beholden to international shifts in demand . 
  these guys should be making money building for spain primarily , but this austerity lunacy prevents the government from making counter-cyclical investments in energy infrastructure . 
  i love visiting europe and i love my friends from spain , but i ca n't help but be thankful that i do not live there . 
  hopefully within a decade you guys can sort things out so that i can move back to the continent . 
  man , now that would be an ass-wiping . 
  the us military would n't even need to intervene . . there are over 300 million personal , registered guns in the us , and probably far more illegal weapons . 
  europe 's army would n't make it past new jersey before getting slaughtered by rednecks in pickups . 
  when you resort to blaming another country for all the problems in the world , it makes you seem weak and useless . 
  go out and change the world yourself . 
  maybe stop the fighting in syria ? 
  now that would be a change for once , given that you are much closer to the area than the us . 
  but nooo , the us is the bad guys who saved your sorry continent from wars more times than not . 
  and then we loaned you money with almost no interest to rebuild . 
  but whatever , haters gon na hate . 
  because the us is 20 times larger than other countries ? 
  let them . 
  i mean , that 's sort of like cutting your nose to spite your face . . 
  i think europe is the one most in need of a free trade agreement . 
  the us ? 
  eh , they 'll get bigger markets , but nothing that they ca n't do bilaterally . 
  eh , efficient but at what cost ? 
  haha half a dozen tickets per year ?? 
  i drive 10-15 mph over on highways all the time and i 've never been ticketed in my life . 
  it 's really less about how much money europe is spending , and more about the type of capabilities that european militaries are developing . 
  not having enough logistics equipment is a major issue , in-flight refueling capabilities , munition supplies , transport planes and vehicles , radios that work with other non-nato european forces , satellite intel , maintenance vehicles and support , battlenet communication protocols , etc , etc. 
  these things are expensive , but you ca n't actually tell if they are being implemented just by looking at the 2 % gdp number . 
  for all you know , everyone is just buying eurofighters and neglecting to buy the appropriate maintenance apparatus to go with them , [ just like our german friends . 
  ] ( http://www.janes.com/article/44111/german-eurofighters-facing-serviceability-issues ), 
  often times you can get away with a warning if you are n't too far over the limit . 
  much better than automatically getting tickets all the time in my opinion . 
  i think that europeans know the sound-byte history well - probably much better than the average american knows european countries . 
  however the us is one of the oldest continuous governments in the world , and therefore has constitutional and legal history spanning three centuries . 
  it 's a daunting task for any historian to learn , never mind a non-citizen who has n't spent much time on the topic . 
  if you just learn the liner notes of us history , you are n't getting a very complete view . 
  here are some fun little parts of us history that usually do n't get brought up : * [ the us military bombed 10,000 striking coal miners in west virginia in 1921 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_blair_mountain ) , where anti-union agents `` drove a heavily armored train through a tent colony at night , opening fire on women , men , and children with a machine gun . '', 
  * [ in 1911 the us broke up the largest company in history owned by the wealthiest man in history , citing a landmark anti-trust act . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_oil_co._of_new_jersey_v._united_states ) if standard oil was still around today , they would control over 90 % of the us energy market and would have assets well in excess of $ 2 trillion . 
  keep this in mind when you hear people talk about how corporations control the government . 
  * [ the us fed fought a war against brigham young and the mormons in utah over the issue of sovereignty in 1857 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/utah_war ) it was resolved when the mormons agreed to operate under us laws in exchange for not being charged with sedition . 
  the vast majority of mormons in the us still live in utah . 
  * [ everything about the tammany hall machine is fascinating ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tammany_hall ) - it took until fdr was elected to crush its power - almost a century of populism and graft and corruption . 
  the one with the military enforcing it - aka the supreme court . 
  when the south tried to leave unilaterally , it was seen as the sworn duty ( to defend and uphold the constitution of the united states ) of the federal government to prohibit the southern states from leaving . 
  remember , states have all powers that are n't specifically enumerated to the federal government . 
  however , the sanctity of the union is the responsibility of the federal government , so states can not leave without their blessing . 
  on this topic , does your country have traffic and highway cops to catch speeders , or does your country use speed cameras ? 
  i ask because in the us it 's almost entirely policed by cops with radar guns , whereas when i have driven in europe there are cameras everywhere that check speeds . 
  what is your experience ? 
  which do you prefer ? 
  not really - indiscriminate fiscal tightening through all levels of spending ( austerity ) during a recession is the economic equivalent of the anti-vax movement . 
  sure you can find some experts who will argue that there are some merits , but the * modern * consensus is that it does far more harm than good . 
  economists by and large agree on this point . 
  literally every city has streets named after somewhere or something in europe . 
  that 's if the city itself is n't already a european city name , haha, 
  mcdonalds patties are actually 100 % meat . 
  they are quite tasty if you grill them at home - one of my friends had an uncle who would bring distributor sized bags of mcd patties home sometimes and we 'd grill them up . 
  quite tasty !, 
  because living in finland is boring comparatively and the winters are dark and depressing ? 
   according to the 2007 us community survey , there were 420,763 americans of full or partial croatian descent . 
  i 'm sure we can find some translators , 
  that 's exactly how vw marketed them and that 's what the promised the consumers , and therefore there are a bunch of owners who specifically chose diesel vws because they had a lower impact on air pollution and the environment per mile without sacrificing performance . 
  since small diesel cars are such a small market in the us , the people buying them tended to be very interested and did a lot of research before buying . 
  now they are all pissed off . 
  vw is pretty much done in the us in my book . 
  driver loyalty to a brand is a huge thing here , and the us drives more than any other country per adult . 
  vw ads in the us literally ask customers `` is n't it time for german engineering ? '' . 
  they play up the whole german quality and branding quite a bit . 
  that 's why it might be damaging . 
  or they can have all of their cash seized in massive class-action lawsuits and really struggle for the next decade . 
  it 's a big risk at the moment . 
  i think it 's worse because vw allowed 100 % of their cars to be defective , whereas the lawsuits surrounding gm pertained to gm allowing a higher than allowable percentage of defects through the system . 
  basically it 's deliberately poor quality control vs deliberate wholesale fraud of the government . 
  i think that the vw case is far worse , and the markets agree . 
  they also sold their cars under false pretenses , and are at real risk of having a massive class-action lawsuit from the car owners who can sue under us laws for breach of contract . 
  that 's a very , very expensive proposition . 
  well that 's the textbook definition of federal supremacy . 
  is n't this what all the eu federalists want ? 
  perhaps losing national sovereignty sounded better in theory than in practice ? 
  the us has given more than the entire eu , despite being on the other side of the world and insulated from the majority of the impacts . 
  your arguments are petty at best . 
  haha remember when people lost their shit when the american diplomat said that last year ? 
  funny how they were n't far off with their criticism . 
  perhaps , but the us is strict on diesel engines for a reason - european standards just are n't cutting it when it comes to preventing smog : http://gizmodo.com/smog-is-forcing-france-to-rethink-its-love-of-diesel-1548333776 la used to have horrible smog problems , which led to california adopting very strict standards , which were then adopted by many other states and the epa . 
  the epa is correct to be strict on diesel in my opinion . 
  name an example . 
  the us regulators fine everyone equally . 
  why do you think that other companies cheated too ? 
  this was a brazenly illegal action that any company would have serious second thoughts about trying . 
  tons of people in the us bought the diesel cars due to them being cleaner and better for the environment . 
  there are now tens of thousands of people who bought vws under false advertising , and they are going to be pissed . 
  this is a huge deal and will sink vws brand . 
  wow , so the software specifically was written to mask emissions during testing , but once on the road the cars emit up to 40x the levels of pollution ?? 
  the epa is ready to level an 18 billion dollar fine and i fully support that - we have emission standards for a reason and to deliberately circumvent them is criminal , no matter what company does it . 
  i thought vw was better than this . 
   i see some similarities between this and how we ex-soviets used to view america .
