  and no , i had n't heard of it before . 
  unfortunately the [ lexicon recentis latinitatis ] ( http://www.vatican.va/roman_curia/institutions_connected/latinitas/documents/rc_latinitas_20040601_lexicon_it.html ) does n't have entries for `` burgers '' , `` fries '' , or `` happy meals '' . 
  the holy see will have to get this done soon . 
  you ca n't have people ordering in the vernacular !, 
  they do n't call him * sweet * baby jesus fer nothing . 
  that would n't happen to be `` sat\u00e9 '' as in the thai chicken skewer dish ? 
  because if so , i could see that sauce being really good for dipping fries into . 
  it 's not even in the vatican . 
  just near it . 
  the real holy trinity is ketchup , mayonnaise , and mustard . 
  yep . 
  [ i think johnathan pie has the right idea on 2017 though . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4oeahozuqbm?t=9m1s ), 
  russia only has marginal control of contraband in much of its territory . 
  the central asian states especially are sources for it . 
  in some cases they come illegally to set up markets . 
  in any case , they have n't most banned foreign trade , only a limited class of items from most european countries . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  a frexit would be worth its weight in gold . 
  just imagine if both the nuclear powers left the eu , and the us actually wavers on nato . 
  the road is then paved for the baltics , and there wo n't be a second chance for it because russia is facing the demographic crunch the same as europe . 
  they have a limited window of opportunity to operate with a large professional army before recruiting dries up in the coming decade . 
  genuine democratic reforms are not likely in a country suffering from the resource curse . 
  you ca n't just get rid of the underlying security apparatus , and nor can you can you just get rid of the regional economic interests . 
  the fsb , gru , and oligarchs are there to stay . 
  they are all indispensable power brokers . 
  the last chance to avert this fate was during the yeltsin years , when the state companies were privatized . 
  the leadership now sees resource extraction as the main economic impetus and priority . 
  do n't expect them to be too concerned at building up a long term and independent tax base . 
  if it does happen , it will not be because of any government planing . 
   true but lepen is not trump , she can barely finance her own campaign , she struggle to get funded ... that 's no guaranty of anything . 
  [ clinton and the democrats outspent trump ~ 3:2 . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/2016-election/campaign-finance/ ) publicity is free if you say enough outrageous shit . 
   boston can be next . 
  i thought you guys claim they 're not irish . 
  it 's like there 's a conspiracy to make sure the candidates facing the nationalists are as antithetical to the average beliefs of their country as possible . 
  the only way to stop the refugees is stop the civil wars and famines that are creating them . 
  that is , unless you 're not conflating `` refugee '' and `` illegal immigrant '' . 
  the exact same to you , if you think that this sub was ever far left . 
  a lot of people ca n't seem to recognize what their `` opponents '' even are . 
  why blame the left ? 
  usually merkel is blamed , but the cdu is a conservative party . 
  yeah , but they are n't the same thing . 
  i think more generally you are operating under the assumption that revanchism is an inevitable result . 
  why do you think that nationalism is anti liberty ? 
  then your definition is flying in the face of reality . 
  some nations 's nationalism comes from at least in part the liberties they are proud of . 
  :p i think your conflating the nation state with nationalism . 
  ai n't that the truth . 
  aka the best english accent . 
  maybe the reason i think what i did worked so well , is because i came in january . 
  :p still , it certainly ca n't hurt to get in early . 
  and the past civil war as well . 
  more generally , the governments of those countries obviously realize they have severe overpopulation problems , and if they get rid of the surplus population they will . 
  they do n't need more people in countries with high unemployment and no food security . 
  especially not with the `` arab spring '' in their recent memory . 
  the secret is to get there an hour before it opens . 
  that 's what i did when i visited . 
  russia has wmds , now with anderson cooper after the break . 
  i was utterly cynical about the journalistic integrity of news organizations before it was cool . 
  :p this might be a good time to plug the tv series the newsroom . 
  it was with the times completely , but anyone watching it now who has n't already picked up on the decline of truthfulness in the media might think it was ahead of the times instead . 
  it 's the same future for pretty much every country on the continent . 
  norway has their rainy day oil money , britain and france have acceptable demographics , but these are the exceptions . 
  i have no faith that anyone else , least of all ukraine , will be in any position to even be talking about territorial changes in the distant future . 
   - obama laughed at romney for saying the russia was the us 's major foe . 
  well he 's not laughing now is he ? 
  this was also the same attitude to mccain 's opinion on russia as well . 
  i remember lots of people , especially the young at the time , were convinced that he was some delusional fool that was stuck in the cold war . 
  there can not be a successful monetary union without a proper fiscal union , and the uk will not convince the other countries to execute one despite them all knowing that the euro crises now and future are wholly self inflicted . 
  pretty much no one in the entirety of the eu 's member states actually want their country to be part of a fiscal union , especially not the countries which would have to undercut it . 
  to lay this at the feet of the uk is nonsensical . 
  they can not make the euro work , because the euro was not designed to work , and the euro zone countries themselves are not willing to do what will make it work . 
  how many will believe him after his past positions and rhetoric ? 
  [ i 'm on record as having the same opinion as you . 
  :d ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5h665v/le_pen_no_free_school_for_foreigners_bbc_news/daxq1jd/?context=3 ), 
  immigrants also build houses for cheaper wages . 
  often inflated housing costs come primarily from other sources , such as commodity investment or higher land prices in general . 
  also certain regulations can effect the prices as well , but that is very country specific and hard to account for for a general trend . 
   you think the french center and french left will go to the polls in droves to vote for a neoliberal thatcherite ? 
  i was implying the exact opposite actually . 
  it would seem we have have the same prognosis on the situation . 
   sounds familiar ? 
  very much so . 
  it 's part of a pattern . 
  creates efta , leaves efta . 
  they want the full taiwan experience . 
  she 's not 73 % of the polled sample 's * first choice * for president . 
  there 's a difference . 
  the two round voting system in france will make it more difficult to judge who is fundamentally opposed to her , as opposed to having a set of preferences where her platform comes later in the list . 
  it might be a mistake to assume that all le pen supporters see her as a far right candidate and are therefore in line with those politics . 
  to certain individuals she represents the right kind of centrist or even in some extreme cases be perceived of as a the right kind of left leaning candidate . 
  it just depends on which policies one values and emphasizes the most . 
  if you think there 's cognitive dissonance when people argue over whether a candidate is left or right , this is where it comes from . 
  if you want liberal immigration policies le pen is far right . 
  if you want the social safety net and state interventionism then le pen is left leaning . 
  the young might be a lot less aligned with the current traditional disposition of normal politics than people are taking for granted . 
  if that 's the case , then any politicians who can figure out how to forcibly realign the policy spectrum into a new platform will win big in this environment . 
  this has been tagged `` unsourced '' by the mods , but the image has a source : `` sondage kantor sofres-onepoint , re\u0302alise\u0302 le 28 novembre '' . 
  so the polling was conducted on the 28th of november by sondage kantor sofres-onepoint , whatever that is .
