  and do n't bring up libya in this discussion . 
  it was a dictatorship under qaddafi !, 
  you could n't get more of a centralized state with more of a monopoly on force !, 
  it was still a failed state , but due to the resource curse , not because of the people being powerless to prevent the dictatorship . 
  not everyone can rely on the police . 
  they are n't around you 24/7 . 
   but why should people be allowed to carry guns ? 
  a gun is a tool for killing people , and the only reason someone would carry a handgun is that they wish to kill someone . 
  so why should it be legal ? 
  all technology is duel use . 
  a gun can be used to kill humans . 
  it can also be used to defend humans . 
  it can be used to kill non human animals and feed humans . 
  it 's our agency that allows for each of these scenarios . 
  by banning the tool , you do n't prevent the worst outcomes . 
  you only make it * maybe * a little harder for those with malice . 
  knives and cars can also be weapons , but i do n't think you would be so quick to jump on them for their malicious uses . 
   this is not how democracy works . 
  in democracy , you have a system of checks and balances to make sure that the government is not a totalitarian regime , and election , which lets you change the government . 
    how would you like it if some communists would try to start a coup against the government tomorrow ? 
  whats stopping them , they have the weapons , they can try . 
  democracy can be upended from the top down as well as from revolution from the bottom up . 
  it cuts both ways . 
  societies with no meaningful deterrent to the former have invariably wound up with dictators historically . 
   yes , it should . 
  maybe if you are american you don \u00b4 t get this , but a state should have the monopoly on the use of force , or else it might loose its legitimacy and the society can go into anarchy . 
  i think you just described a totalitarian dictatorship , not a democracy . 
  maybe a just state should derive its legitimacy from the will of the people , not from having all the guns . 
   thats why the us elections were dangerous , admit it , you really are a legit fascist who hates `` decadent democracy '' . 
   they claim deflation is actually a good thing . 
  i guess it is , when you live in your mom 's basement . 
  kids these days , if only they would invest millions into stocks and commodity assets , * then * they would be able to get their own homes !, 
  wages are not inflating . 
  why should anyone sane who is n't obviously rich like yourself want anything but deflation ? 
  then why has their financial support for the international program waned after her loss ? 
  eh , i 've gone on / r/asktrumpsupporters . 
  it 's a really unpopulated sub , with fewer questions and fewer responses than are needed for an official discussion place . 
  if you wan na go and talk with trump supporters , there just are n't that many of them there . 
  all the action is on / r/the _ donald so it makes sense to discuss the stuff there instead . 
  edit : actually looking at it now post election , i think it 's gotton a whole lot more popular . 
  a few months ago , i think it had only like a fourth of its current subscriber count . 
  maybe now it might be worth going to . 
  the notice to congress of new emails being examined was n't politically motivated . 
  comey had already promised congress that he would keep them updated on any new developments in the case , and he has a duty of candor to them . 
  the fbi did n't make trump president , 60 million votes did ( in the right places ) . 
  congress 's interest in the case is certainly politically motivated though , but the fbi 's conduct has been more professional than i think it 's being currently portrayed as . 
  someone get this man to the editorial board !, 
  he gets it !, 
  well , i did a little bit at one point , but it may have been on relatively low key threads so it did n't get noticed by the mods of theirs who ban people for doing so . 
  to play devil 's advocate , he could have been arguing with people there , or he could have supported trump for the left leaning policies he campaigned on and just not talked about the right leaning policies . 
  a lot of my post history in on this sub , and i 'm not a european . 
  how old are christmas trees as a tradition in portugal ? 
  i know that they are a old folk tradition in germany , and that german immigrants brought the tradition to here in the mid 19th century . 
  how did the tradition spread to other areas of europe , if it has ? 
  they realized that when it rains , the rainbows are a dead give away for the treasure . 
  bitcoin is n't the only digital currency that uses the technology . 
  even some national institutions are using it , such as the russian national settlement depository . 
  for one more month , he will be at any rate . 
  some of us know a thing or three about the world . 
  the fbi is n't partisan , whereas congress very much is . 
  the clinton foundation is a corporation so it is not the exact same thing as either bill clinton or hillary clinton . 
  and as for the false equivalence , it is n't the same if the irs was looking at a company for tax avoidance , while the local police was investigating one of its owners for murder . 
  different investigative agencies , different suspects , and different crimes . 
  the fbi investigation into the clinton foundation is separate and unrelated to the congressional hearings on the bengazi incident , and that is a fact . 
  to bring up one after the other in such a conflation is a mistake . 
  it does n't matter that you might see them both as investigations , they are n't `` investigating '' the same thing and it 's not being done by the same people . 
  the point is that you responded to a comment about the fbi by talking about congress . 
  you 're bringing up irrelevant things . 
  congress is obviously a completely separate institution from the fbi . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  will the representative of the bi millet get two seats ? 
  [ i think this guy said it the best . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/8yqn6l3vnny?t=1m40s ), 
  she 's no longer useful to norway so that makes sense . 
  it does n't surprise me in the least . 
  of all the hysterical and stupid things said about the candidates in the last us election , the stuff about her being a bought shill were completely true i think . 
  maybe the doj will have the balls now to actually investigate the financing of her foundation to confirm it . 
  that would be something . 
   - atheist i do n't get it . 
  was n't yugoslavia an atheist state instead of a secular one ? 
  how would belgrade be so different ? 
  it 's ignoring national bases in other nato member countries that are not within the borders of the nationality of the hosted forces . 
  i ca n't say it more simply than that . 
  i 'm not wrong . 
  you do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
  yes , it is showing some russian national bases in other countries . 
  it 's not showing the american , british , french , german , etc. 
  bases in other countries . 
  a little known fact is that nato informs the russian government in advance of doing its exercises near their border . 
  the russians do not reciprocate , which is reckless considering how it looks when 150,000 soldiers materialize from surrounding oblasts and form up proper divisions in a few hours . 
  it 's been speculated they 're doing this to create a cover for a real invasion in the future , that might not be responded to properly right off the bat due to this history of having `` snap exercises '' . 
  is of homosex propaganda !, 
  national units ^ * of countries that are from nato members in installations in other countries that are not their own , but are integrated into the nato chain of command during peace time . 
  * : battalions , divisions , air groups/wings , etc. 
  so just as preliminary clarification , not all the expeditionary forces are nato forces per say . 
  with that out of the way , here are some off the top of my head that i happen to know of : if you look at [ germany ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/us_military_bases_in_germany_2017.png ) , there are bases that house american , french , dutch , and [ british ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_forces_germany ) forces . 
  the largest foreign contingent would be the americans with 37 installations with ramstein airbase being the largest with ~ 54,000 personnel . 
  the british are the next largest with about ~ 20,000 of the remaining unmechanized remnants of the former british army of the rhein . 
  there 's also 3 us army and 2 us navy instilations in italy , [ 1 in kosovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_bondsteel ) . 
  greece is host to the [ nato missile firing installation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_missile_firing_installation ) and the nato maritime interdiction operational training center in crete .
