  i 'm not convinced that the story will be over so quickly or so easily . 
  the democrats have a miraculous knack for snatching defeat from the jaws of victory . 
  seriously , do n't they all though ? 
  if people want a fair fight , hacktivists need to be prepared to leak le pen 's dirty laundry in retaliation . 
  hence kellie leitch . 
  oh man , if people on this sub actually knew the degree of cultural integration between our two countries ... xd you guys are lucky when you go abroad . 
  i 'm somewhat jealous . 
  at the top they seem to know better than to rock the boat on the sovereignty question right now . 
  they just ca n't afford to act on this stuff right now . 
  not with the french and dutch elections this year . 
  the important thing to remember about the eastern members , is that they are often the most pro eu while also being the most anti federalist . 
  the eu can easily be dragged into being an even looser confederation as a result . 
  the uk leaving will change little to nothing vis-a-vis the federalist position , except maybe making the visegr\u00e1d-4 reformist agenda more prominent . 
  contrary to what some talking heads think , the eu is n't going away , but it risks becoming more impotent than it already is . 
  and i know there are a lot of federalists here , but i hope you all have a reappraisal of the events of the last 4 years . 
  it 's been one self inflicted crisis to the next with half measures all the way . 
  no country is actually fully committing when the push comes to shove , time after time . 
  i saw this coming from a mile away , but i did n't see him involved . 
  wow . 
  preach brother . 
  since i was a kid i was anti war , but then in 2008 it felt like everyone else but me went home . 
  :p nobody cared that they elected a man whose stone cold instinctual response in one of the debates to `` what would you do if you found out that terrorist leaders where in pakistan ? '', 
  was `` to send troops in and take them out '' or some such . 
  yeah we got bin ladin , but now we 're in somalia again , we helped france and britain screw up libya , and got involved in yemen . 
  and the new administration has inherited it all , * and they 're happy with it * , because they think they can mine it for domestic support like in yemen just a few days ago ... 
  there 's also a irony to what you 're saying , because that phrase is not only said by americans either . 
  and besides , there are plenty of non american trump supporters and fanatics . 
  yes , that is a thing . 
  do n't ask me why , i could n't tell you . 
  insufficient intel . 
  related update : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5rua4b/eu_commission_drops_anticorruption_report_to/, 
   i find it hilarious that this sub would love us to remain part of agencies that are incredibly beneficial to them such as ones linked to defence and security yet as soon as britain would like to join more they throw a hissy fit . 
  now you know how we americans feel here concerning nato and the ttip fiasco . 
  this should be a game show . 
  make it like eurovision where every country sends in some negotiators , and see who actually comes out with the first and second best deals . 
  only if you ignore [ the voter suppression ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/the-gops-stealth-war-against-voters-w435890 ), 
  it wo n't be a very stable alliance for stability though , because economic interests will clash with the geopolitical interests . 
  how does the eu sidestep from antidumping measures against chinese steel , french freedom of navigation exercises in the south china sea , and chinese financial support of russia so they can ignore the sanctions to an alliance ? 
  what gives in for what here ? 
  deal keeping is a different thing than secret keeping and primary council . 
  this is basically what the difference would actually boil over into practice . 
  do it you glorious bastards !, 
  persona non grata his ass * even before the appointment * !, 
  do n't let a primary interlocutor between yourself and the us be someone with no formal diplomatic experience while we have the administration we do right now !, 
  he wo n't know what to do , what the state of laws are in the eu , and he 's clearly an arrogant fool who 'll sideline those who would !, 
  demand that a charg\u00e9 d'affaires be promoted !, 
  / rant over, 
  you do n't have to be an elected official to have diplomatic status and immunity . 
  you can be appointed to such a role or work in a capacity that grants such a status . 
  an unverifiable anecdote told from a wannabe news source that 's more like a blog . 
  you want to know whose policy it is ? 
  look at whose signature is on the eo . 
  some key differences between policies from then to now : - a blanket ban on specific countries - targeting those with already established legal residence that is new , it is a fuckup of colossal scale , and it is not obama 's policies . 
  it 's a clusterfuck in the airports . 
  homeland security and us customs and border protection are screwing up so much partly because so many top level positions remain vacant due to mass firings and poor planning . 
  this is what bureaucracy without its head looks like . 
  whose signature is on the eo ? 
  the buck stops at the top . 
  never make the mistake of thinking that people are always rational . 
  i had n't even considered that . 
  this is going to be such a clusterfuck if they move forward with it . 
  i miss the [ 2008-ish days when they were just a cooky conspiracy site that talked about aliens more than the history channel . 
  ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/russian-navy-ufo-records-say-aliens-love-oceans/ ) that shit was hilarious and great for drinking games . 
  now they 're just trying to be the new pravda . 
  mission accomplished, 
  `` when will romania get to vote again in the parliament ? 
  what counts as ` corruption ' anyway ? '', 
  `` polish eu membership fees : 15 million pln ; voice in the eu : 0 . '', 
  this is what they 'll say . 
  remember that it was france and the netherlands that voted against the european constitution . 
  this is the absolute wrong time to crack down on this stuff . 
  you think people are talking about nationalist-populist propaganda right now ? 
  just wait until this shit hits the fan . 
  it writes itself . 
  the thing is is that i ca n't help but feel that there 's going to be more the former than the latter if they go through it for either country or both . 
  this is a propaganda goldmine just waiting to be sprung . 
  and with the french and dutch elections coming up ... 
  but people in other countries * outside of * poland and romania are going to look at this and go `` the antidemocratic eu is threatening the smaller countries '' . 
  not only that , but what 's the update on poland ? 
  verhofstadt threatened this for them too . 
  seriously , with the uk on the way out , what is the east to do right now ? 
  not that i 'm sympathetic to the corruption law in romania or the neutering of poland 's supreme court , but this shit is gon na push things over the edge for a lot of member states . 
  the r/europe refugee crisis drags on d :, 
  one of his last acts in office was to extend surveillance practices , and some people still did n't get that . 
  i called him the 3rd and 4th terms for bush , but i do n't think a lot of people outside the actual left really saw it that way . 
  the comic relief this sub needs , but does n't deserve . 
  [ the latest single from the us ambassador to the un . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw0zsinurz8 ), 
  she says this , but at the same time the department of the treasury [ just announced an adjustment on sanctions against the fsb that would allow technology goods to be imported to russian consumers . 
  ] ( https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/ofac-enforcement/pages/20170202_33.aspx ) this will likely be followed by more easings later , rather than a blanket overturn . 
  everyone seems to be flying solo in the government these days . 
  i doubt she was informed of this ahead of time . 
  mattis was at a dinner event when the botched raid in yemen happened . 
  you can see why he has bags under his eyes now . 
  `` acting like one '' xd, 
  do n't feed the trumptrolls . 
  you realize that 's exactly what i linked him to , right ? 
  or were you just assuming he 'd never look at it ? 
  [ the book ] ( https://www.amazon.com/dp/b00jj322nc ) that this talk promotes is actually pretty garbage though . 
  it 's short on on citations and reliable figures .
