  it immediately used this power to dismiss those running the state radio and tv stations . 
  after turning the state media into propaganda tools , the government tried to financially throttle several independent print media outlets ( including gazeta wyborcza , polityka and newsweek polska ) by ordering all state agencies to cancel their subscriptions . 
  in december 2016 , the government had to abandon plans to restrict media access to parliament after thousands of people took to the streets in a show of concern about media freedom . 
  concern is now focused on a proposed law to `` re-polishize '' the country 's press by setting a limit on the level of foreign capital in polish media companies . 
  alarmed to see a european union member flouting fundamental eu values , the european commission launched a procedure in january 2016 that is designed to ensure respect for the rule of law . 
  in response to the grave and repeated violations of media freedom and pluralism , rsf issued a call to the eu in october 2016 to impose sanctions on poland , including financial sanctions . 
  that would be floating spaghetti monster tier trolling , and laughed out of court . 
  :p it 's not a good retort . 
  they would look for elements of spirituality , a shared mythology , and perhaps some cannon . 
  it 's the banning of some piece of clothing which is really what is not conforming to the standards of modern society . 
  it represents the abandonment of the secular humanistic enlightenment and the return of religious law , rushed in by fear mongering . 
  a head garment is not dangerous . 
  many individuals from all three branches actually do practice the cannons of their faith literally . 
  christians are killing gays in uganda for the same reason that muslims are killing gays in chechnya . 
  the problem is n't the religions * per say * , it 's the culture on the ground by which the religions are interpreted . 
  the discussion should be laser targeted on that truth , because pretending that religions * themselves * are reformed or not instead of the people who practice them is a mistake . 
  all humans are capable of great violence if they lead down that path , and it does n't matter what mythology they believe in . 
  violence is a human failing , not some book 's * per say * . 
  i 'm an atheist , so you 're not going to see me singing praises about religions , but i would certainly argue in favor of religious freedom . 
  what other people do is their own business . 
  what would be the most negative influence of all would be religious law being implemented telling people how to live their lives . 
  a head garment is just no big deal . 
   why ca n't a single religious practice be banned ? 
  because freedom of religion and freedom of conscience are important human rights . 
  it 's the law for a reason . 
  do it to one minority and then you open up the floodgates to do it to others , and then more and more people ca n't live out their lives the way they want . 
  as long as no violent crime is committed , why in the hell is it a problem for people wear what they want or to pray how they please ? 
  that 's just basic freedom , and it should be afforded to everyone without restriction . 
  i 'm an atheist , but i 'm very conscious of how bad it would be to make exceptions for other people 's rights . 
  that shit always leads to everyone suffering . 
  3/10 only one rug . 
  it would be just as meaningful . 
  someone should suggest it to van der bellen . 
   the president of austria has called for all women to wear headscarves in solidarity with muslims to fight `` rampant islamophobia '' . 
   alexander van der bellen , the left-wing former green party leader who narrowly beat a far-right candidate to take office in january , said freedom of expression was a fundamental right . 
   ** `` it is every woman 's right to always dress how she wants ** , that is my opinion on the matter , '' he told an audience of school pupils . 
  he 's asking for all austrian women of any faith to show that religious restrictions on expression are not welcome in his country . 
  and yet in this thread we have numerous kneejerk responses taking this very reasonable gesture out of context . 
  freedom means the ability to dress how one wants . 
  especially when much of her base would be coming from the politically catholic group that 's switched over from fillon . 
  do n't be discouraged by the neonazis here . 
  most people are good everywhere . 
  but some can be easily lead into irrational hatred , especially when fear is being weaponized . 
  you should n't even be speaking so politely to a worthless bastard which implies he controls your life and can murder you if he wants to , but it is very commendable that you still try to see that good in people . 
  stay safe and do n't forget to enjoy the good in life . 
  you 've probably seen one sided takes of what 's going on over here . 
  their violence has been provoked by the violence of fucking neonazis and that context should n't be left out of the discussion . 
   have you not paid attention to the resurgence of antifa violence in recent months , especially in the usa ? 
  [ neonazis go marching into fucking college campuses looking for a fight ] ( https://itsgoingdown.org/berkeley-violent-trump-supporters-merging-alt-right/ ) , and that 's what you focus on ? 
  that the fight they were looking for , they were successful in provoking , but you place the emphasis on the people standing up to the neonazis ?? 
  just feel sorry for the students , that dangerous and armed lunatics who have no business being there are holding rallies in their universities disrupting everything . 
  i have n't met that many australians , but this sounds very australian to me . 
  you 'd have to ask them what their goals are . 
  protests do serve a couple of purposes generally : - it can sway politicians to adopt positions . 
  - it can serve as a springboard for movement building due to the opportunity to network with like minded people . 
  - it can spread a message to other non politicians and garner bits of support for their ideal policies and goals . 
  you ca n't marginalize a group with an inbuilt victim complex . 
  to them equal treatment will still feel like aggression . 
  and that 's just for the ones that even make complaints in good faith , which with this group is very far and few between . 
  most of them want privileged treatment where they can criticize whatever ever they want , as assholeishly and unfairly as they want , and to heckle anyone who disagrees in their own spaces while they maintain a space just for themselves . 
  again , `` marginalization '' is n't going to happen . 
  they want the attention and they feed on misplaced sympathy from useful idiots . 
  you 're not a real citizen entitled to political opinions unless you vote right gosh damnit !, 
  the cancer of everywhere really . 
   throwing a temper tantrum like a spoiled 5 year projection . 
   now i known the far left hates democracy and more projection . 
  try harder . 
  i mean , they will either way . 
  14 hour old account . 
  [ los angeles times -- russian navy ship sinks in black sea , all 78 crew rescued ] ( http://www.latimes.com/world/la-fg-russia-navy-ship-20170427-story.html ), 
  the mighty sheeple 's liberation army navy has come to the rescue !, 
  breaking : russian president vladimir putin warns nato that they are risking war by encircling russia with sheep ships . 
  unfortunately the nsa has discovered that the russian navy is working on a anti sheep to ship countermeasure . 
  they report that they are recruiting an elite squad of welsh mercenaries . 
  ah , the whiny right . 
  picks a fight , then complains when a punch is thrown back . 
  get fucked and die , child . 
  you and your whole family . 
  yes , clinton only received 3 million votes in the entirety of the united states , and not a single one came from outside my state . 
  you totally do n't sound like a worthless retard who should be hung upside down while knives are plunged into you repeatedly while your family is made to watch . 
  except in jill stein 's case , she actually was a agent of the russian state , [ as the steel dossier revealed . 
  ] ( http://www.nationalobserver.com/sites/nationalobserver.com/files/styles/body_img/public/img/2017/01/13/screen_shot_2017-01-13_at_4.37.43_pm.png ) it goes beyond some kind of sympathy with her . 
  [ she has direct ties to putin himself . 
  ] ( http://www.nationalobserver.com/sites/nationalobserver.com/files/styles/body_img/public/img/2017/01/13/flynn.jpg ), 
  time is n't some mouthpiece for the whole west . 
  it 's a single private magazine . 
  you 're placing * far * to much importance on a single ( mostly ) positive article in it . 
  til r/socialism is more hardcore than / r/fullcommunism . 
  they 're pretty damn in favor of sending liberals to the wall as well . 
  :p then again , i should have known that already by this alone : https://www.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/67p8co/neonazi_clubhouse_torched_by_antifascists/, 
  he 'd better fucking be , because i hear this enough from people who do mean it as it is . 
  that was actually [ laika ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laika ) . 
  but it would be nonsensical to call macron that though . 
  unlike le pen , his party was n't founded by nazi collaborators and waffen ss veterans . 
   brown-shirts oh look , projection from a neonazi . 
  it 's far easier to oppose than to create . 
  it was n't an insult . 
  i was just joking about his idea to get france to join alba . 
  but it 's a banker liberal vs. a fascist which at least pays lip service to maintaining the public sector and welfare state . 
  those 15 % of m\u00e9lenchon voters who were polled as voting for le pen in the second round are n't coming from no where .
