  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine , and that none of their weapons will ever be used against ukraine except in self-defense or otherwise in accordance with the charter of the united nations . 
  ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/ukraine._memorandum_on_security_assurances ) the other signatory participants are still holding the agreement is good standing . 
  i do n't disagree with that sentiment , but that kind of hope is just wasted in a world like this . 
  so you want a basic income to offset the social costs of automation , but then you want a tax to slow down the automation ? 
  do you or do you not want human manual labor in the workforce ? 
  this seems like a contradiction to me . 
  you do n't like fried food ?? 
  you can return your western civilization id card at the nearest office . 
  if i did n't detest gambling , i 'd be willing to bet a good sum of money on the british stock market going into meltdown by march 13th and an official recession by the third quarter . 
  i hope all you nice brits here with the means to do so will be shoring up some euros and dollars now before the exchange rate gets even worse . 
  they 're instigating an ongoing conflict to keep ukraine out of nato and the eu . 
  this is a common russian geopolitical strategy to keep border states unstable and reliant of russia for peace , and they did the same thing with georgia by backing the abkhazians and ossetians , and in moldova with transnistria . 
  divide et impera . 
  it would n't be surprising if they were to go for additional pieces of territory though . 
  donetsk and lugansk are not the only places that they can use to fabricate rebellions , and in the long term it should n't be surprising to anyone if you one day hear that russia starts offering russian passports to one or both . 
  [ they did that in abkhazia and south ossetia as well . 
  ] ( https://www.bu.edu/law/journals-archive/international/documents/natoli_weaponizingnationality.pdf ), 
  [ future tourists . 
  fireworks , really . 
  have you not seen this place develop over the past 5 years ? 
  except that 's the truth . 
  they were n't shitposts . 
  it 's the news spam with click bait titles from less than reputable news organizations that are the real low effort posts . 
  there 's nothing wrong with news posts , but they absolutely have dominated this sub for the last 2-3 years . 
  there needs to be a balance again with a good helping of lighthearted info and travel posts . 
  this should n't be the the european equivalent of / r/worldnews or what have you ... 
  he 's running for a german federal office , thanking german speaking supporters . 
  what did you expect ? 
  besides , german is a working language of the eu anyway . 
  you might be a year late to the party . 
  `` the following people not in favor of federal europe will stay in the room : petry , sch\u00e4uble , and merkel . '', 
  democracy in the digital age is a bit of a weird thing , but increased outreach and engagement are not going away . 
  just wait another decade for when the first generation of young politicians who have never lived without social media to begin taking the reigns . 
  i want the chapters , articles , and sections . 
  i do n't know how a country would negotiate out of the euro though . 
  only two eu members currently have an opt out , and even for france i have a hard time seeing them agree to another , because lots of countries would soon demand one as well . 
  maybe that was it . 
  you 've linked a 4 year old outline of some goals and explanations for the negotiations . 
  it does n't prove what you are asserting from what i can tell . 
  it does n't even discuss it as far as i can tell . 
   under ttip that was n't required of american companies where in ttip did it stipulate that ? 
  find it for me . 
  i want the chapter , article , and section . 
  i 'm not the person talking about bread . 
  just water . 
  and like i said elsewhere , if you just ask for `` water '' they try to sell you bottled tap water . 
  you have to specify `` tap water '' which is silly . 
  you ca n't have low approval ratings when you have n't done anything yet . 
  that 's not a sign of anything . 
  once they start doing stuff , stuff that 's popular , they can translate that into reasserting themselves back into the system because the system never removed them . 
  it just moved on from them , thinking it was a done deal . 
  cult of personalities will never go away . 
  people are just being complacent about the danger . 
  one day , they may get the popularity they need to assert authority again . 
  we live in a world with monarchies with real power like saudi arabia and thailand , and also some that do n't call themselves kings yet like the kim dynasty in north korea ... 
  where the hell do you even get this ? 
  fiat-chrysler has been accused of this , but they have n't been found guilty . 
  the case is still ongoing , but they currently deny it . 
  only time will tell what the truth is . 
  they are also just as much of an italian company as they are an american company . 
  show me the verdicts for ford , gm , tesla , etc. 
  before you even say that . 
  and yes , the eu would have to enforce `` us regulations '' in a fta whose goal was to harmonize a lot of regulations across industries . 
  many of the regulations would have become the same between the two and so both sides would have been enforcing them . 
  but given the clear corruption of the eu , it 's good that we 've maintained our independent regulatory apparatuses to be able to properly inspect what you send over here . 
  edit : and i 'll also point out , that it 's us investigating fiat-chrysler , so if they really did do anything , it also got by the eu again ... 
  heredity positions instead of elected means you ca n't remove them from power if they are incompetent , and they get large wealth transfers from the tax payers . 
  also in the uk , their monarch does have power . 
  they just choose to not exercise it right now . 
  but if they wanted to they have the legal rights to summon , prorogue , or dissolve their parliament . 
  it 's a dangerous liability for their `` democracy '' . 
  they get all this just because they came out of the right vagina . 
  they have no real legitimacy other than that . 
  persecuted ? 
  but it is undeniable that ttip failed for political reasons , and not for technical , economic , or legal reasons . 
  i 'm just shocked at the hypocrisy is all . 
  people are mad that the us is becoming protectionist , but mad that the us was in trade negotiations before ? 
  my country is always damned if it does and damned if it does n't on everything . 
  truth be told , i 'm glad that ttip failed . 
  [ the vw scandal shows that we ca n't trust the eu to uphold regulations ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/commission-has-long-known-of-diesel-emissions-manipulation-a-1103249.html ) , which is probably why they did n't want a independent investor dispute court ... 
  only because it 's `` a trojan horse for the us '' ... 
  so i looked it up , and seems like australia and new zealand also have her as their head of state under a constitutional monarchy . 
  why are they all so damn backwards ... 
  did you see protests over the ftas with vietnam or mexico ? 
  nope . 
  they only care when it 's with us ... 
  why is it a good time for getting trade concessions from the asian countries ? 
  the eu has got brexit to deal with this year , and they are in the process of negotiating the rcep which they will obviously prioritize . 
  i think it would be the eu that would have to wave some major concessions in their face to get their attention right now ... 
  his ass is getting primaried . 
  just watch . 
  you 've got it backwards , i do n't want them to be a state because they 'll never become americans and assimilate . 
  i 'm not sure what the point of your comment is . 
  the us obviously has no framework for dealing with european royalty . 
  that 's a fact , and what i 've said is a realistic outcome of such a silly scenario . 
  especially from a cultural point of view . 
  your queen and her family would become private citizens and their estate would begin being taxed . 
  they 'd have to get real jobs , or they 'd have to move to canada which would be the last place where they 'd retain their royal title , which would trigger a massive political and constitutional crisis there , ending with with quebec probably seceding , which leads to who knows what ... 
  it 's sad to this get downvoted . 
  i guess people here really do n't understand the degree to which american culture and the outlook we have is inward looking ...
