  it does n't conflict with our own anti war sentiments because we recognize that they are servants of the state . 
  we have no history of military control of the country . 
  they 've always been under civilian control . 
  for like germans , this ca n't be the social dynamic . 
  they feel like they 're just the drop outs of society and that what they do is n't important . 
  it 's a art , and i 'm an artist . 
  european mps are largely based on the french gendarmes , and so some stand out and decoratory colors are used . 
  in the us , there 's no tradition of ( non civilian militia ) para military forces being anywhere near civilians . 
  us mps are there to police our own soldiers on military bases to make sure they do n't do stupid things while drunk , whereas european mps are stationed in cities to guard public spaces and buildings . 
  doing that in the us would be impossible with our culture . 
  we would see it as part of an encroaching police state and large protests would be formed . 
  it 's part of the reason we have article 3 of the bill of rights :  no soldier shall , in time of peace be quartered in any house , without the consent of the owner , nor in time of war , but in a manner to be prescribed by law . 
  us mps have always had nearly identical if not identical uniforms to whatever the normal army and national guard was wearing at the time , because they were almost always only on military bases , excepting wwii and the vietnam era . 
  thanks . 
  of course , it is though , unless you guys had jalapneo and cheese pierogis before us . 
  just to be clear , they are both filling for a * single * pierogi . 
  maybe the other user did n't get it because he does n't know we have a lot of foods that mix both , like the [ santa fe style burger ] ( http://foodnetwork.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/fullset/2009/3/26/1/burger_flay_santa-fe_s4x3.jpg.rend.sniipadlarge.jpeg ) . 
  we can talk about shared custody of the burger when you guys get a good number of michelin stared restaurants with them , [ like we have . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/best-burgers-at-upscale-restaurants-2015-8 )  until then , it 's our specialty . 
  what are you trying to get across ? 
  google translate is n't helping . 
  it spat out `` it was '' . 
   hamburgers are ** considered ** an american speciality . 
  you got some ` splaining to do . 
  even we would n't do that . 
  i 'm guessing the northeast or the northern portion of the midwest ? 
  for anyone interested in culinary trends in north america , there 's also a pierogi belt in canada from their polish immigrants too , from what i understand . 
  there 's a difference in preferences though . 
  in america , pierogi ruskie are by far the post popular kind , whereas in canada it 's not as popular . 
  in some parts of america you can also get new kinds that are made for local tastes including jalapeno and cheese pierogis . 
  because they 've been added to premises . 
  good call . 
  the tomato sauce can be replaced with a creme sauce like alfredo , so it will work with the heavy dumplings taste wise . 
  the cheese can be american yellow cheddar for extra triggering . 
  i think salmon is the more popular fish here . 
  [ catfish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/channel_catfish ) might also be a suitable choice , as it also a bottom feeder that is enjoyed breaded and fried . 
  what we really need is a pierogi burger . 
  edit : or burger pierogies , aka pierogies filled with ground beef , chopped lettuce , onion , mustard , and ketchup . 
  then you can dip them in spicy mayonnaise . 
  mmmmmm . 
  even that is a very generous way to put it , because there 's no reason why both the reactionary right wing terrorism and the islamist terrorism wo n't keep being carried out side by side far into the future . 
  nothing is even being cured ... 
  all things being equal , the eurozone and the single market will be so fucky when the uk triggers article 50 , that the fleeing hqs probably wo n't concentrate much in a single place in the eu , and probably not so much in the countries that wo n't be offering them as much in terms lax regulations . 
  i see luxemburg making out like a bandit . 
  dont ` ch you be calling our younger sis canada homely . 
  thank fucking god . 
  at least there will be one sane and competent man in the upper echelons of the administration . 
  * appointed * secretary of defense . 
  i believe he still has n't been confirmed by congress yet . 
  imo it was n't a mutually exclusive choice , although i 'm sure the australians would disagree since their relations with the uk were pretty much limited to trade by that point . 
   those arsenals using the 3-pronged delivery mechanism ( land , sub , airplane - i believe france and the u.k both just use the sub ) . 
  this is true for the uk , but france also has air delivery systems as well , in addition to their ssbns . 
  the mirage 2000n and the rafale f3 can carry asmp-as , which are a medium range asm cruise missile . 
  the british ssbns use trident iis and the french ones use m51s and m45s . 
  belgium , the netherlands , and germany all host american nukes . 
  they are guaranteed targets in an exchange with nato regardless . 
  it would n't be hard to convince them of adding forward deployed french nukes to the deterrent as well . 
  he argues against land based icbms because they ca n't be recalled once launched , unlike a bomber or a sub . 
  there is no chance to abort and stop armageddan once you make the decision in the heat of the moment . 
  i have n't heard him having any opinions over land based vehicle platforms . 
  others argue in favor of silos because they can be put in the middle of nowhere and serve as decoy targets in a high level exchange to take heat off of cities and key manufacturing centers . 
  taken as a whole , the entirety of nato in europe offers a reasonable degree of strategic depth . 
  the vehicles do n't have to be roaming around in only one country in the event of a serious crisis . 
  technical cooperation is not the same thing as a nuke sharing scheme . 
  france values its `` strategic independence '' and the `` force de dissuasion '' is the indispensable tool to achieve it . 
  there was a lot more of this kind of stuff in the past . 
  it was an offer that was designed to be refused . 
  the german government is n't going to be abrogating the npt , and the french government knew that . 
  if germany even so much as intimated trough a back channel that they were interested , france would have noped the fuck out . 
  it 's actually the young that are the biggest part of the hyper nationalist movement in russia and in many of the russian exclaves abroad . 
  this is n't something that 's going to be aged away . 
  you might get something out of [ this documentary ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2p8pzr ) . 
  we did ? 
  of course they blame the local leaders . 
  they are the fall guys for the problems and putin is the one who 's in the spotlight admonishing them :  another type of softball questions is hyperlocal issues that a president is n't even supposed to be dealing with . 
  mr president , our road is full of potholes and local authorities are n't doing anything about it . 
  mr president , our tap is leaking . 
  mr president , how about a chess club in our village . 
  this is a real opportunity for him to shine . 
  he will scold the local authorities and order to have a new road built . 
  all of this , of course , has been choreographed well in advance . 
  mattis is an iran hawk , but you might be thinking of flynn . 
  he 's much more so , imo . 
  just take a look at [ his 2015 testimony to the joint foreign affairs and hasc subcommittees of the house ] ( http://docs.house.gov/meetings/fa/fa13/20150610/103582/hhrg-114-fa13-wstate-flynnm-20150610.pdf ) :  as the washington post editorialists have said , regime change in tehran is the best way to stop the iranian nuclear weapons program . 
  the same applies to their missile arsenal , which is of high quality and growing . 
  even today , their missiles cover most all of the middle east , and the next generation will include icbms capable of attacking the american homeland . 
  ( page 6 ) he has a a fairly realistic and well informed assessment of the geopolitics of the region and thus the consequences of a nuclear iran , but he is willing to go to extreme and utterly unrealistic lengths to prevent it ( the iranian government is extremely popular , regime change is impossible , it would be another vietnam even assuming that other powers do not directly get involved ) . 
  people here are abusing the anonymity to vent at each other . 
  being a default sub has brought the sub to a critical mass of low effort posters and commentators blotting out a lot of the thoughtful users . 
  they get disgruntled and then they stop participating . 
  i did n't say anything to the contrary . 
  only that there is a gap in the capabilities of the french nuclear deterrent , which is true and important to keep in mind when comparing the stockpiles of different nuclear capable nations . 
  this sub has just been getting worse and worse . 
  it was a lot better when there were just 20,000 subs . 
  people were helpful , civil , and genuinely interested in learning about other countries . 
  click bait news was rare , and it was usually quickly questioned . 
  now it 's like a mainstay . 
  this sub is almost a news cycle now . 
  but the sad thing is , it 's still better than the majority of reddit , and i think that 's why i keep coming back . 
  you probably should n't take international politics out on him personally .
