  i do n't fully agree on all those points . 
  nato is for mutual self defense . 
  the defense is hardly mutual . 
  as a greek , you can see that too right ? 
  both our countries are meeting our obligations while we have financial difficulties , while many of the other signatory countries are completely incapable of helping us if we needed it . 
  yes , i know that the nat does n't have many preconditions for article 5 . 
  on the other hand , most of the signatory countries have failed to live up to their own agreements on raising defense spending twice now . 
  it feels like a con , and i say this as a honest friend to europe . 
  i 'd hate to see bad things happen to your countries . 
  it 's just that i do n't see my country as having the obligations europeans expect of us . 
  european countries are also wealthy and could defend themselves if need be , if they put their mind to it . 
  this is n't the 1950s anymore . 
   you should also realise how bad the election of trump is to the way the whole world looks at you . 
  everyone just lost any respect for the usa except for far right and neonazi parties . 
  what makes you think i do n't realize that ? 
  on the other hand , my country was always hated for its interventionism anyway . 
  damned if do , damned if you do n't . 
  :| really , my country does n't garner much respect no matter what , because it 's an easy target for domestic talking points amongst other world leaders . 
  if we elected clinton , this would n't change . 
  we 'd still be seen quite harshly , and frankly perhaps deservedly so . 
   a chinese newspaper wrote that this is what happens when you have democracy . 
  everyone is making fun of you . 
  the joke is on china . 
  at least we have elections . 
  that is nothing to laugh at . 
  i 'll take a candidate for a single position within the federal government that i disagree on stuff with , over a one party state where everyone is appointed behind closed doors . 
  technically , finland was an autonomous duchy in imperial russia , not an oblast . 
  but yeah , finlandization locked the country into a strong resolve for neutrality . 
  even russian revanchism and designs on ukraine barely managed to stir public debate on possible nato membership . 
  the eu will have to apply a lot of pressure to get them on board an eu military . 
  that 's what we 've got all the guns for . 
  [ relevent ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/q7uev18qjjw?t=1m35s ), 
  fat chance . 
  state epas are separate from the federal one . 
  california alone has a huge case against vw , of which i believe they already settled . 
  then good for them !, 
  they need the contingency !, 
  america should be spending less on the military and being less entangled in the world 's problems anyway . 
  shame that the latter is the only of the two that will happen for now at any rate . 
  you 're correct about the 2 % of gdp not being a precondition for mutual defense in the nat , but the number was agreed to twice by all signatory countries , and only 5 of them have lived up to their end of the agreement ( america , uk , poland , greece , and estonia ) . 
  cohesion of the alliance was already in jeopardy . 
  as long as america feels it 's paying the way for most of the others , it wo n't be interested in the alliance . 
  i think poland , greece , and estonia should be much madder as well . 
  they have existential threats , and most of western europe is n't doing a great job of assuaging their fears either . 
  the eu will need a more stringent mutual defense obligation separate from nato now , as a contingency . 
  they 'll have to remove the opt out clause over the fierce objections of ireland , finland , and austria who aspire to neutrality . 
  you do n't understand your audience . 
  americans largely do not see the benefits of nato . 
  they , perhaps correctly , see it as a charity case in the post ussr world . 
  if someone had said that 10 years ago and became president , i would n't be surprised . 
  i still remember the very strong anti war movement in 2006 . 
  isolationism has been a strong undercurrent in american thinking for a very long time , and that has n't changed . 
  but the other one got the point across a lot better , which is important for humor . 
   well then maybe it is finally time for europe to build up the economy and military it needs to defend itself . 
  the latter is likely to preclude the former . 
  right sector azov battalion member detected . 
  nafta was negotiated by the bush administration . 
  it was later ratified by congress . 
  blaming clinton for it is illogical on multiple grounds : - he had nothing to do with its creation . 
  - the state department is more heavily involved in the details and minutia of ftas anyway . 
  if you need someone to blame , blame them . 
  even bush ca n't be held wholly responsible for it . 
  - it 's debatable if nafta was bad for the us economy as a whole , so maybe no one should be blamed at all . 
  hope for the best , prepare for the worst . 
  learn how to use weapons and forage , but also enjoy life and pick up some other hobbies along the way . 
  regards , a friend from the soon to be former police of the world . 
  in america , its the opposite . 
  the party whose candidate just won is notorious for their barely legal trickery . 
  they 're even failing to perform their constitutional duty in congress to confirm or reject the president 's supreme court nominee . 
  in other words , they are traitors to the constitution of the united states and of the american nation . 
  clinton has supposedly conceded . 
  have you actually looked at the data for us fossil fuel consumption ? 
  [ we 're very reliant on saudi and saud alinged oil imports . 
  ] ( https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/pet_move_impcus_a2_nus_ep00_im0_mbbl_m.htm ) making an enemy of them by sanctioning the russo-irani axis 's hegemony over the levant will probably have severe economic consequences for us , not to mention severe geopolitical implications . 
  for the saudis , their cold war with iran is turning hot , and if they ca n't get either russian ( due to irani shared objectives ) or american help , they will undoubtedly turn to china , who needs the oil and may use the gulf sunnis as a wedge in the future . 
  opec us still very relevant for us energy policy . 
  autarky is impossible for the us . 
  we lack a great deal of the necessary strategic and consumer resources in sufficient enough quantities . 
  chromium and neodymium included , alongside basic fuels . 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  so far that is just speculation on noninterference on a hypothetical russian invasion and annexation of parts of eastern europe . 
  that does n't seem to have anything to do with aligning foreign policy aims , unless you think that that such actions are part of the national interest ? 
  if you want , there a lot of geographical learning aids made for american children out there . 
  you can also memorize all the state capitals like we have to , and then promptly forget most of them ike we do . 
  it 's actually [ article 13 ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_17120.htm ) i think ... 
  how can you coordinate foreign policy aims with a state that has interests that are antithetical to your own ? 
  russia does n't care about isis in iraq . 
  they just want the syrian loyalist government to be stable so they can keep their naval base in tartus . 
  besides being an alawi stronghold , this is one of the speculated reasons behind the loyalist hq having been set up in latakia , as to be close to russian arm shipments . 
  and i do n't see how the situation will be resolved quickly . 
  the sunni revolt against shia supported syria and iraq will go on long after trump has own mission accomplished press op . 
  the saudi 's and saud aligned factions in the arabian penensula wo n't allow themselves to be encircled by iran , and they will continue to flood these regions with weapons , money , and dissidents . 
  yep . 
  the president can set directives for diplomats and ambassadors , make appointments for them , and has discretion to use the military for any conflict for up to 60 days without congressional approval . 
  plus a lot more stuff . 
  in a lot of ways , the president of the us is the singular face for the country externally , whereas congress is where the internal stuff happens . 
  is that before or after [ he bombs the shit out of isis controlled refineries and then has exon and mobil rebuild them ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awejixvd-p8 ) isolationism ? 
  if only ...
