  he 's probably thinking of things like france 's large cap share and the strassburg secondary parliament . 
   if we give a good deal to the uk , what 's stopping lets say denmark from leaving ? 
  the benefits of membership . 
  having intentional and malicious hurdles for leaving only discourages joining in the first place . 
  if the eu ca n't make its own case on its merits , why should any country be a part of it ? 
  if denmark wants to leave , what 's your problem if they do ? 
  the eu is a treaty organization and that means voluntary participation . 
  it 's not and should n't be a roach motel . 
  or if somehow americans will finally stop believing that voting for candidates from parties other than the republicans and democrats is a `` wasted vote '' . 
  not everyone conflates ceta and ttip though . 
  that 's unlikely . 
  nafta is becoming politically poisonous , so i do n't see how an unproven treaty is going to wow people , especially one which will likely require very heavy concessions from the us . 
  that would be superstrate actually . 
  low german was important for trade so it was a prestige language for estonian speakers at the time . 
  she 'll be a one term president then , if she 's gon na flip flop on important things like that . 
  would the pro-ottoman anti-kemalists like erdogan even mind ? 
  the city 's renaming had a lot to do with reducing the legacy and legitimacy of the ottoman caliphate in the modern turkey . 
  the two leading candidates for the us presidency are both against ttip , so the treaty is as good as dead if it ca n't be reached before their sworn in . 
  the clock is running out on it . 
  the best case scenario for anyone that is in favor of the deal , is that new talks for a new agreement will start under a hypothetical clinton administration , since she is not anti free trade , just against this particular treaty . 
  a hypothetical trump administration is extremely unlikely to pursue any kind of fta with the eu , however . 
  either way , ttip is a few months away from being dropped and forgotten , and it 's no where near completion . 
  only a few of the dozen-odd chapters have been closed so far , according to eu sources . 
  [ relevant slavic sphere . 
  after looking into it , i found [ keller 1964 ] ( https://www.escholar.manchester.ac.uk/api/datastream?publicationpid=uk-ac-man-scw:1m2715&amp;datastreamid=post-peer-review-publishers-document.pdf ) and it bares out what you 're saying . 
  i guess i was just mistaught or i misremembered . 
  charlemagne 's empire was split three ways . 
  the division of territory was made with little to no concern over what land was what except to give each son roughly an even inheritance , and they would n't have known what a `` german '' or a `` frenchman '' were at the time or what land was which . 
  in a lot of ways , you could say that phillip ii augustus is where france starts and the frankish kingdom ends . 
  he was the first such ruler to eschew with the title of `` king of the franks '' ( `` roi des francs '' ) and instead was the first to call himself `` the king of france '' ( `` roi de france '' ) . 
  as for germany , if you ask any german they 'll tell you that germany was born in 1871 . 
  whether or not you 'd want to count the hre as `` the first germany '' , you 'd still have to recognize that louis the german 's domain was certainly not ; and similar to the french identity , a meaningful german identity would n't develop until later in the middle ages long after the death of charlemagne 's empire . 
  still incredibly anachronistic , but more appropriate than with belgium , imo . 
  they 'll just invite the boys in to kiss their booboos away . 
  so are those like urine tanks with a funnel at the top ? 
  i 've never seen them before personally . 
  the various continental west germanic varieties were often named by philologists after old germanic tribes that historically lived in the areas they were spoken in . 
  at one point the franks controlled basically all of the low countries after defeating the saxons , and hence you have the `` low franconian '' dialects . 
  but it 's just an anachronistic naming convention . 
  many high german varieties have just as much claim to the name `` franconian '' for the same reason , including of course the frankfurt area and parts of the moselle and rhine areas . 
  in reality , charlemagne did n't even speak any kind of west germanic . 
  he like most of the franks had long since adopted the local romance ( in his case langue d'\u00d6il ) and he had some knowledge of latin . 
  it 's neither the eu 's or canada 's fault that any belgian newspapers you checked had n't done a story on the subject though , so it 's not fair to say that it 's come in `` under the radar '' . 
  it 's been well documented in public record . 
  the journalists at those newspapers could have done stories and interviews on it , but they did n't . 
  i 'm not gon na badmouth glorious broccoli . 
  i just like cabbage better is all . 
  i never heard of whoever he was/is , personally . 
  yes , they 're both brassica oleracea , but they 're different cultivars . 
  brussels sprouts are less suited for salads and release too much water when being fried due to their smaller size , i find . 
  nobody tell / r/vexology . 
  they 'd actually make this monstrosity . 
  red-blue-turquoise is what i see ... 
  were the people who set it up all colorblind or something ? 
  did they just not know and not double check what the hungarian flag looks like in the first place ? 
  or is this just an optical illusion for some reason ? 
  well , he was half right . 
  the nazis said relativity was merely `` jewish physics '' and stripped him of his german citizenship , * and * germans still get to claim him apparently . 
  no , you need charle-mane to form and take the reigns of the the horsey roman empire . 
  that surprises me . 
  do germans just find the us civil war interesting or something ? 
  he was a frank , but there is no longer a franconia . 
  belgium 's most famous person is probably leopold ii instead . 
  the non-americans here wo n't realize it 's on your license plate ironically . 
  you never had residence in a us state huh ? 
  it 's a stupid loophole that needs to be fixed . 
  have an upvote . 
  i do n't know why anyone would downvote someone for liking a kind of food . 
  ( that being said , cabbage is best brassica , come fight me ), 
  another way to think about what she was asked , is the implication that she 's actively working against national interests . 
  she deflected having to even give a sound bite of her `` denying '' this , by turning the conversation around to government incompetence and bad policy . 
  the snp as a sort of oppositional party has a lot if interest in focusing on that narrative . 
  it looks bad on her that it seems like she 's running a separate foreign policy for scotland through some informal meetings abroad and through provocative statements to the press , and she does n't want to talk about it at all or acknowledge that interpretation . 
  in developed countries , most if not all the low hanging fruit have already been done . 
  small percentage increases in economic activity is all there is to get , especially when talking about the effect on the entire eu from a fta with a 30 million people country . 
  relative to the overall production and consumption in the eu , that is n't * that * many new potential consumers for various industries , and it wo n't equate to relatively enormous jumps in orders from abroad . 
  also some regions of the eu are bound to be affected by such a deal more than others , so looking at the eu wide benefits wo n't tell you the whole story . 
  if some town in the netherlands manufactures blenders that the canadians want , they will see a disproportionately large increase in gdp . 
  that still would benefit the eu even if other areas do n't see increases in trade , because the netherlands is in the eu and the pay the eu money somewhat proportional to their gdp per capita , which the eu gives a portion to the lesser developed regions . 
  there is n't any reason to think that such a deal that 's believed to have a overall economic benefit , even if a small one , is n't worth the time to hammer out . 
  most of the negotiating work has already been put in anyway , so there 's little reason to snub ones nose at the slight benefits of what is being proposed . 
  there might be a few regions that would be hindered by such an agreement , and so there are regional rather than eu wide interests in stopping the agreement though . 
  well , she 's quick witted , that 's for sure . 
  that 's a great way to side step what was really being asked . 
  i 've been here since 2008 back when there were only ~ 20,000 subscribers . 
  it still sucked then too , but a whole lot less than now . 
  back then people were more interested in actually learning about what was going on in european countries and people were n't tared and feathered for being part of the enemy nationality of the month . 
  becoming a regional default was the last straw . 
  that 's when a lot of the edgy and hostile people started showing up , although there were already some before that . 
  now / r/europe is just some kind of regional / r/worldnews . 
  if i were british , these asinine fools would make me a lot less sad to be leaving the eu . 
  who wants to be in a union with people who hate you ? 
  spain would only support scottish eu membership if they left the uk bilaterally . 
  otherwise , spain wo n't even recognize scotland as a country , let alone allow it into any organizations they have veto power in . 
  looking at the raw stats for it , i 'd have to assume so . 
  were n't the british planning on building two of them and only keeping one in ready condition anyway ? 
  that alone just screams secret bailout . 
  china is n't . 
  while their ship procurement and development schedule is opaque , it is obvious that the main developments have been focused in smaller ship classes with numerous new classes of `` destroyers '' and frigates . 
  \u266b ^ \u266b all other continents have inferior coal .
