   they just removed french and english since croatian is now an official language of the eu and everyone has to understand it . 
  right ? 
  that would be a bit unwise as passports are used outside of the eu . 
  there are three outcomes to this : - two state solution : israel and palestine both become sovereign nation states , and israel can remain a jewish ethnostate . 
  - one state solution with apartheid : israel takes on the muslim land and with it its people , and it remains a jewish ethnostate . 
  it becomes a pariah state kept only alive by its nuclear weapons like north korea . 
  the world will sanction it , and the sanctions will never end . 
  - one state solution without apartheid : israel takes on the muslim land and with it its people , and because it gives them equal voting and legal rights , it no longer remains a jewish ethnostate . 
  furthermore , it becomes a majority muslim state . 
  the last two possibilities lead to either full on `` civil '' war at worst and never ending terrorism and rebellion at best . 
  the idea that they can become some kind of middle east belgium is frankly laughable . 
  they will not become an officially multicultural state where the two sides get along well enough . 
  israel exists because the jews wanted to make a ethnostate . 
  they will not give it up , which leads to the third outcome being by far the least likely of the three . 
  of course there was a oglaf about this ... 
  this is a good time to give a plug for [ snyder 2012 - bloodlands : europe between hitler and stalin ] ( https://www.amazon.com/dp/b00b3m3ve6/ ) for anyone interested in a general overview of the subject before , during , and a little after the war . 
   and hamas controls gaza . 
  not sure how that is relevant here  please tell me you know that it 's the settlements in the west bank that are being expanded and that israel abandoned the settlements in gaza years ago , because that is * very , very * relevant to this discussion . 
   but the us would intervene even if we were n't nato members . 
  we did n't for ukraine or georgia . 
  i would n't be so sure about this if i were you . 
  i think you mean novorossiya . 
  a lot is made out of this point , but often people forget or just do n't know that there are multiple factions in palestinian politics and that it is fatah and not hamas that is in control of the palestinian national authority in the west bank , and that attempts to form a united front have failed before such as with the 2012 doha agreement when no joint interim government materialized . 
  nor does it assess to what degree that part of the hamas charter is taken to be symbolic by anyone of relevance in palestinian politics . 
  i 'd still put my money on it being le pen vs fillon in the second round , from what i 've seen , to be honest . 
  canceling the iran agreement will lead to a nuclear saudi arabia , which is the scariest thing of all . 
  if people think that wahhabist saudi arabia is completely off the handle right now , just wait until their monarchy looses its grips on society due to the end of oil and the salifists take over ... the moment they ca n't pay everyone off is when the the real nightmare scenario begins ... 
  it 's called realism , and it 's a realistic view that 's bolstered by the history of the region . 
  violence is the answer they will cling to when they do n't see another way out . 
  it really is that simple . 
  there is not going to be a palestinian gandhi or mlk , because for that to work you need the cooperation of the authorities and the sympathy of the opposing people . 
  neither of these conditions are true , and to expect that they may become true in the future is a kind of optimism i do n't have , and increasingly neither do the palestinians . 
  yeah they kill . 
  yeah they become terrorists . 
  i just do n't see how they wo n't continue to do so as long as they do n't have a sovereign state . 
  around the world , most people just want to live their normal lives . 
  they do n't want to be frisked by soldiers every time they cross a security check point on the way to a market to buy some fruit . 
  it is an existence that few can bare . 
  and since they have no political means to change it , i expect revolution . 
  you ca n't begrudge them this . 
  i 'm sorry , but i understand why they do what they do , why they are angry , and why they think that killing is justified . 
  none of this means that i think that israeli civilians being killed is justified , only that i recognize why it happens and why i expect it to escalate . 
  far from having low expectations because of `` racism '' , my expectations come from my belief that all of humanity resists oppression when it can . 
  they 're not moving into palestinian settlements from one independent country to another with a visa or what have you . 
  they 're making [ walled fortresses ] ( http://www.ameinu.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/israel-settlement1.jpg ) that increasingly dot the landscape where only they live amongst each other in the occupied territory . 
  the palestinians do not live in their own country , where they can make their own laws and invite guests . 
  you might as well be asking why germans ca n't live in the netherlands if they won wwii and the dutch lived in the marginal countryside behind [ fences ] ( http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2012/11/a8yloaacyaar1kd.jpeg ) while germany moves towards solidifying control and officially annexing what they have occupied for decades . 
  it 's going to be a long decade . 
  expect every abuse and trick that the israelis do while they think they can get away with it to boil over into another intifada . 
  the full ramifications of all of this wo n't be clear until the precipice has been reached , and none of it can be taken back once trump is inevitably gone . 
  germany is one of the countries with the explicit right to say this , because they 've actually made this mistake in their history * and they recognize it as one * . 
  you do n't need to apologize !, 
  i could tell you were just searching for the right term . 
  it 's not just an excuse . 
  the settlements , and for some muslims even all of israel writ large , represents a real attempt at colonization of their lands . 
  they often coach it in different terminology than say african revolutionaries did ( `` crusader state '' vs `` imperialism '' ) but the sociological effect is the same . 
  real progress on a two state solution that abides by the un recognized borders , would in fact ease tensions and reduce islamic terrorism . 
  until the expansion of the settlements in palestine , polls found majority consensus in both israel and the west bank for the two state solution . 
  that is no longer the case . 
  the palestinians largely no longer have faith in anything but a one state solution , ie . 
  israel is going to become the next basket case in the middle east with perennial rebellion . 
  there is n't . 
  it 's what we always called ourselves , even before independence . 
  [ this video goes over this difference between english and spanish & french , among other things . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvmzc4y4zxu ) also to be honest , i consider `` united statsian '' and all the variants to be slurs just like `` yank '' , but that 's just me . 
   cumsprite the worst mythological creature ? 
  / u/ysbreker is the one . 
  if for some insane reason political union were to ever happen , we 'd be calling the shots and that means your queen and her family become private citizens and their royalty welfare ends , so they 'd have to get real jobs . 
   it 's been a possibility from 1775 to 1850ish but i believe the window is closed for good now . 
  if qu\u00e9bec ever decides to change political status , it 'll be to become an independent country . 
  this is my assessment too . 
   but the love is shared !, 
  ; new england and ny state are fabulous !, 
  i try to visit at least a couple times a year . 
  warm regards from california to our brothers up north !, 
   united staters ( ? ), 
  we call ourselves americans . 
  britain was trying to end the slave trade , not slavery . 
  there is a big difference . 
  slaves were still worked to death in their carribean holdings for decades after the british navy began policing the atlantic slave trade . 
  the reason they did this was because during the napoleonic wars they assessed that they did n't need new slaves and wanted to deny rival economies the chance to compete with them on various cash crops , namely the french and the spanish . 
  the slave trade act of 1807 only gave the go ahead to begin ending the slave trade , but slavery was n't outlawed until the slavery abolition act 1833 . 
  it 's the same story for my country , which also banned the slave trade very early on with the act prohibiting importation of slaves of 1807 , but could n't manage to ban slavery until later due to vested political interests . 
  and on the matter of britain pushing democracy where they went , this leaves out the impetus for why they did it later on . 
  after the the american revolution in 1776 , the french revolution in 1789 , the haitian revolution in 1791 , the irish rebellion in 1798 , the rebellions in spanish america starting in 1810 , and finally the canadian rebellions in 1837 , britian realized it had absolutely no choice whatsoever then to allow for democratic governance . 
  if it did n't its overseas territories would be expensive perennial problems that would inevitably be able to break free by force just like we did , and even worse , it provided the danger for foreign backing of said independence which could bring britain back into large wars on the continent of europe . 
  the british anti republican stance could n't survive forever in the face of such resistance at home and abroad . 
  far from being some harbinger of democracy , it tried to stifle it as long as it possibly could . 
  you should also see florence and venice , while you 're in that neck of the woods . 
  both have a lot to offer , and i enjoyed my time there a lot . 
  it 's because we had a humanist vision for the world . 
  britain and france just wanted to maintain their empires , and you could see how the league of nations was just a front for their interests . 
  the un for all its flaws , has been a superior organization in every way . 
  you 're right in principle , that ming china 's deterioration was slow and that they prospered for some time after the period of self imposed isolation began , but some of the details are wrong or are at least arguable . 
  ming china did n't collapse in the 19th century , but in the 17th , following a series of declines in the 16th . 
  some of the problems they never could deal with were inflation from massive silver imports from trade with the spanish , and increasingly decentralized authority mixed with endemic corruption of officials . 
  if you get a chance , you should give these podcasts over some recent history work a listen : [ the military collapse of china 's ming dynasty , 1618-44 ] ( http://newbooksnetwork.com/kenneth-m-swope-the-military-collapse-of-chinas-ming-dynasty-1618-44-routledge-2014-3/ ) [ the trans pacific silver trade and early-modern globalization ] ( https://15minutehistory.org/tag/potosi/ ), 
  i recognize wilders , le pen , and petry . 
  who are the other two on the left ? 
  that sounded a lot like jack black .
