  but such cooperation might lead to a more liberal china eventually . 
  people were saying the same when nixon hammered out his grand bargain with them and when the country opened up to foreign capital . 
  the ccp will remain the one party rulers of the state to their dying breaths . 
  it 's nearly the same thing to be fair , at least for the us . 
  onshoring is going to employ a lot of robots . 
  you should find out if the warranty is still valid . 
  former east germany is majority atheist , the rhein area and southern germany are majority `` catholic '' ( in the european sense where many have no little to no participation in anything religious ) . 
  this is good news for you eastern europeans . 
  pence is the gop 's inside man in the administration . 
  he has ryan and mcconnell 's ears and could get congress to declare war for you even if the administration were to refuse to execute article 5 of the nat . 
  do n't make me choose . 
  which is a fantastic newspaper . 
  with brexit on the way , we 'll have the 5th . 
  [ here 's a neat graphic on that one ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/niallmccarthy/files/2016/11/20161115_gdp.jpg ), 
  get us out of here, 
  [ try this out sometime . 
  ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=284344558 ), 
  you really would . 
  arizona can get to some insane temperatures . 
  i was in phoenix one summer , and it was 125 \u00b0 f ( 51.6 \u00b0 c ) . 
  as some from la , i do n't get it either . 
  metropolitan la has got ~ 12 million people . 
  it 's bigger than london and paris . 
  that being said , we do have [ our own alps . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/la_skyline_mountains2.jpg ) :p, 
  there 's no hand waving anymore because the us is no longer a sound partner , so they simply agree to what they were going to be doing anyway , and they can win diplomatic brownie points on the side . 
  he 's been threatening judges , his defense of the ban included the argument that courts should n't be able review his orders for legality ( !!!, 
  ) , and he also said that the country would be in danger if he could n't break constitutional law . 
  the man is a would be dictator and must be put to death for his treason . 
  that 's saddeningly timely . 
  `` those who would give up essential liberty , to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . '', 
  -- benjamin franklin still true to this day . 
  again , it 's not only for being able to commence a civil war . 
  it 's for collective self defense . 
  you all need to wake up to that reality . 
  the purges will carry on from the government and intelligentsia to more groups , given a chance . 
  if you are not even capable of engaging in armed conflict you are going to squashed in such an environment , whether or not you go full civil war . 
  waiting it out does n't work . 
  once all accountability structures are gone , and there are n't many left in turkey , things start to get real bad . 
  you think the purges are already extreme ? 
  just wait and see what happens if they ca n't defend themselves . 
  support is meaningless in a full on police state , which is what turkey is a hare 's breath away from becoming . 
   differently in the uk , euscepticism never became a taboo subject . 
  people were always free to criticise the eu from within the mainstream politics of the tories and the labour party . 
  this stopped potential extremists owning a political position that should not be seen as extreme . 
  i 'd say you 're ignoring ukip and their hijacking of the tories . 
  the good news for the people of turkey is that autocrats do n't last forever . 
  they have to die inevitably . 
  the bad news for the people of turkey is that autocracies do n't have to go away . 
  the people can end them however . 
  to all you liberal turks here on / r/europe you 're going to have to organize and militarize . 
  if you think your own lives wo n't head in a negative direction because of this , do n't be surprised when you find out that few autocracies have as much bureaucratic excellence as china . 
  changing the formal name of ireland or declaring this `` celtic union '' as its legitimate successor state might actually void signatory status for ireland / `` celtic union '' in the treaties , without a lawfully binding memorandum or something . 
  this was never in question to anyone who had a little bit of knowledge about how treaties work . 
  they only way that scotland was getting in without having to go through the chapters of acquis ( which they would have huge troubles with the finance ones ) was by formally being lawfully annexed by an already existent member state . 
  it 's the only loophole and it even has historical precedent to boot . 
  that 's not bull . 
  the referendum did not have obligatory actuation by law . 
  that 's a iron clad fact . 
  i , like you , can respect them for going forward with it regardless , but you have to recognize that they do n't actually have to by law . 
  belarus is top down controlled by a handful of men . 
  they can say they are doing something and turn around in a heart beat . 
  they are not are bound by anything at all . 
  it 's not at all comparable to the comically disorganized and schizophrenic situation in the uk , in regards to the referendum that had no legal obligations and which the leave side never made a plan for winning anyway . 
  it 's worth mentioning that even if it 's true , it does n't mean that they actually intend to do it . 
  just that they might like to have some preparations done to keep their options open . 
  beyond that it could also be that they just want to play hard ball north korea style and see how russia reacts to such information being disseminated true or untrue . 
  and there is a reason for that statement . 
  [ the people who this would actually effect do not want this at all . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a6/texas_presidential_election_results_2016.svg/1047px-texas_presidential_election_results_2016.svg.png ) they know that it will require enormous amounts of eminent domain seizures of their land and also screw with cross border commerce . 
  the legal battle is far from over though . 
  the temporary restraining order is still in effect , but it 's going to get appealed to the supreme court eventually . 
  [ it 's actually about more than half . 
  ] ( http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/trump_favorableunfavorable-5493.html ) there are still some undecided though . 
  they 're not allies . 
  after georgia and ukraine , turkey is pushing back for regional influence . 
  i would expect them to get involved more in the balkans as well . 
  translation : `` should n't have shot down the plane motherfucker ! '', 
  how does even get to be a populist point in france ? 
  how have their people come to the point , where some of them would actually want that ? 
  the scary thing is that it is actually cheaper . 
  a kind of moral consensus is keeping state actors from pursuing it much , but you never know when that consensus can end , or when the costs fall so low that non state actors consider it . 
  it may not be the same news service as it was . 
  or if it is at first , it might slowly be morphed into something far more lenient on russia and far more harsh on the eu than it should be . 
  we blinked and russia drew first blood . 
  russia began showing signs of revisionism in the 2000s and especially with the invasion of georgia in 2008 , and not enough people took it seriously . 
  [ least of all our last president . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwqqndkyzzo ), 
  she 's no maniac . 
  she was absolutely right to try to bring attention to testimony to serious abuses of power by sessions . 
  she was doing her job to help ensure that the appointee was properly vetted , and that vital information could be known about him . 
  you should n't call her such names for that . 
  she was doing us all a great service . 
  i 'll agree on the bullshit narratives though . 
  like blatant lies like there being millions of illegal votes , rather than the truth of increasingly rampant voter suppression . 
  that 's actually one of the things that happened at fukushima . 
  the authorities just went with what tepco was saying for 3 days , until they actually attempted to verify it and realized they were being lied to . 
  it 's one of the things that greatly exacerbated the situation . 
  which is why outreach is so important . 
  i 've made topical comments elsewhere .
