  any french speakers want to confirm that ? 
  economic crisis would create a sense of urgency and necessity . 
  they are banking on the uk going into a depression by leaving the eu , which bolsters the argument for why scotland should be in such a organization , and to do that after failing the secession vote they would have to independent . 
   dae the golden age of chivarly and serfdom let 's revive it . 
  m'lady :d, 
  they are much more in line in a multi polar world with a institutionally weak eu than people would care to admit . 
  both countries fancy themselves as propagators of an alternative to the us enforced world order and share similar security and espionage concerns and goals . 
  the european and eurasian unions are just different sides of the same coin with one having a head start on the other . 
  if the eu ceases to be a meaningful and independent actor that 's relevant for french interests , you might have a little more than just loose appeasement and detente on the horizon coming out of the quai d'orsay . 
  that 's the wrong way to look at it since france has two round voting . 
  it 's highly conceivable that many of the polled individuals would vote for her over the other front runner fillon . 
  especially so if preserving their social safety net and labor rights are top priorities . 
  as a interested outsider , would you mind explaining the history in more detail to me and/or pointing me to source for more detail ? 
  speaking from personal experience , eh ? 
  i wonder what the resumes of the workers even look like . 
  `` am very funny and popular with bar crowds . 
  can use microsoft paint . 
  have trolling experience of 4 years . 
  can claim 5 copypastas on know your meme . '', 
  [ rammstein foresaw this !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/stzcuaprrac?t=34s ) :p, 
  yo dawg , i heard you like unions . 
  persuasion is the first resort . 
  then coercion . 
  then force . 
  a problem like this probably wo n't require the third escalation . 
  libya is still fresh in everyone who matter 's minds over there . 
  frankly , your response is a bit of a non sequitur . 
  imperialism ? 
  there 's obviously no need , reason , or talk of claiming any land , only of asserting jurisdiction . 
  they have a obligation to take back their own citizens . 
  you just need to get them to cooperate . 
  how much pressure is applied depends on their own irresponsibility . 
  [ no one can resist . 
  that 's general secretary of the ccp to you mister !, 
  [ and here 's a bit of hipster music about detroit . 
  :p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7__5qfxypg ) if you like their style , also check out [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqwx00iafks ) and [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjc9gxnotqi ), 
  i 'm suggesting you threaten it , because it is the only card that you can play and be heeded with before you have to make good on that threat . 
  none of the powers that be in north africa can survive such a crisis . 
  they will fold and they will learn that their lives depend on playing their part in ensuring the end of the migration crisis . 
  you should also offer them a carrot in the form of increased housing and development aid . 
  to be blunt , the crises of the 21st century are only just beginning . 
  what 's happened so far is just a tiny taste for what a 3 billion population africa in a world with probably locked in 40 foot rises in sea level can look like . 
  things are about as * good * as they are right now because of western aid and chinese investment . 
  the chinese investment will slow down because they 'll increasingly need the capital at home for their municipal debt and to subsidize their own potentially failing shift into a domestic consumer based economy . 
  that leaves only western aid because the african union will not get its shit together in time . 
  they 'll like it even less if full on sanctions start being threatened . 
  that should be the next escalation if they remain recalcitrant in taking their citizens back . 
  the north african countries will back down when they ca n't access european capital and commodity markets to continue importing 20 % -80 % of their food supplies depending on the country ... ( this would also screw with russian grain exports and make their sanctions on european foods more painful for them , which is certainly something to think about ... ), 
  it does n't have to be a third country . 
  it could be a island that you have sovereignty over , and still proceed to process the people . 
  the refugees get let in , the illegals get deported , and any secret infiltrators from terrorist groups get tried in court for plotting mass murder . 
  the noodles are still there . 
  the flair seems to check out . 
  the irony is astounding actually . 
  nationalists have become a international movement . 
  i would n't underestimate the degree of freedom xi has in setting policy autonomously in china , particularly in foreign policy . 
  he 's the first paramount leader ( president of the prc , general secretary of the ccp , chairman of the central military commission , commander-in-chief of the pla 's joint battle command ) of the ccp-china state that has worn military clothes instead of civilian clothes to state media covered events with the military since mao . 
  this may seem innocuous , but it is a huge red flag to the amount of power he wields that he can reshape and oversee the chinese military directly . 
  jiang zemin and hu jintao butted heads with military leaders . 
  and now guo boxiong and xu caihou are out of the picture ... 
  all those people fleeing [ australia-hungary ] ( https://i.imgur.com/reupmcg.png ) in 1912 to get away from the dangerous animals . 
  beware the fallb\u00e4ren . 
  we have 2 c-spans . 
  one for each camera of congress . 
  and how do you defend greece and estonia from russia and turkey without the logistical support of land access from their surrounding countries ? 
  it 's fairly trivial to destroy a commercial port with missile strikes and render it inoperable for many months , but trucks can travel over land over most terrains even if the rail stations get targeted . 
  it 's better to reform nato by setting up enforcement mechanisms in support of the 2 % of gdp agreement . 
  make it a rule instead with fines and punishments for breaking it . 
  there 's no mechanism to do that , and without a mechanism to do that it makes joining nato a much riskier proposition in terms of geopolitical opportunity cost . 
  the ability to offer nato membership to certain countries is actually an extremely powerful carrot that you would n't want to so easily undermine . 
  just think of neutral countries like sweden and finland for example , where neutrality is perceived as the wisest course of action , despite russian irredentism . 
  if you wanted to exclude turkey , which has significant costs in terms of geopolitics and the options nato has in the mediterranean and near east , the best option would be to start a new nato and have everyone else that wants to come along activate article 12 of the nat . 
  there 's actually a lot that 's novel . 
  turkey has never been this involved in regional geopolitics before , and it 's making moves autonomously that put it on the collision course for a direct war instead of the proxy wars they are intervening in . 
  turkish troops are in iraq and syria , not with nato but on their own . 
  and then they black mail the eu that they will let the refugees from these wars into europe along with numerous illegal immigrants who want to use the chaos to get in . 
  in which way ? 
   i doubt there was much dirt to dig up on him . 
  there was ( support for communist dictators in the americas , unemployed until his 40s , and a essay of his about women 's rape fantasies ) , but it would n't have mattered . 
  he has a clean record on not flip flopping and he spoke earnestly , consistently , and directly on all the issues . 
  nothing would have stuck to him . 
  everyone in the * key * constituencies would have seen him as the guy who 's not lying to them , unlike the other suits in washington . 
  then you 're advocating for permanent second class citizen status based on race . 
  why are you comfortable with this ? 
  people move around all the time . 
  why should n't any place they were born in be their rightful home , if they want it to be ? 
   clinton did not do that bad , considering the popular vote margin is the biggest in literally all us history . 
  that 's only true if you are talking about popular vote discrepancies by sheer number of votes and only considering the times that the popular vote did not match the electoral vote . 
  by percentage difference , john adams beat andrew jackson in 1824 with 10.44 % less votes and rutherford hayes beat samuel tilden in 1876 with 3.00 % less votes . 
  compare this to donald trump who just beat hillary clinton with 2.09 % less votes . 
  in comparison , this is hardly as bad as the 1824 election which was so utterly outrageous it lead to the 1828 election and the establishment of jacksonian democracy and the beginnings of universal franchise . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_states_presidential_elections_by_popular_vote_margin#list  also , anyone who supported bernie but did n't vote for clinton in the end deserves everything that happens to him or her and is morally worse than the trump supporters . 
  this is frankly the most ridiculous and immature way to look at the whole thing i 've seen yet . 
  no , people do n't deserve bad things happening to them because they did n't vote for clinton . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  people get to choose who they support . 
  in this case , that could have included jill stein , gary johnson , or donald trump . 
  you want to talk about about morality ?
