  what 's the uk equivalent to the [ christian science monitor ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/ ) ? 
  it seems like all their news agencies have abandoned journalistic integrity wholesale ... 
  they 're two types of cake . 
  one has dried fruit and the other is coated in powdered sugar . 
  some users here are implying that they are standing in for the two choices for their upcoming referendum . 
  that may not be true for everyone , and some people are just in it for the memes probably . 
  when i saw [ this ] ( http://www.recipesforlinux.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/tipos-de-pasta-infografia.png ) i realized you all are completely obsessed , and i say this as a foodie myself . 
  yeah , it 's [ current season ] people !, 
  we should only have complimentary flavors !, 
  i do n't know if there is a different definition at play in europe , but my alma mater treated the subject the same way as described above . 
  basically , what `` liberal arts '' was was a type of tertiary education which encouraged a modest breadth of disciplinary knowledge over complete depth of specialization . 
  double majors were almost the norm , and there were also some triple majors . 
  it was n't a subset of all possible academic disciplines , but a different educational philosophy all together . 
  liberal arts universities were contrasted against technical and vocational schools , where strict specialization is the goal . 
  speaking for linguistics which is the field i know best , `` the moscow school '' of historical linguistics has its own reputation for a reason ... but that was a problem that goes back to the ussr days and has persisted up until now , rather than being a recent development . 
  speaking solely for the american political scene : the daily beast , alternet , huffington post , salon , etc. 
  these are all glorified left wing blogs that pretend to be legitimate news services , but exist just to create hysteria so they can get more ad revenue through social media via click bait titles and exaggerations . 
  i 'm sure the same exists in other countries . 
  i had to look it up too . 
  wikipedia even has a subsection with info on its emergence in russia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telegony_ ( pregnancy ) #influence _ in_culture, 
  well , his other staff picks have been questionable at best , so there 's still reasons to worry . 
  and yeah , everyone is the flawless and perfect dictator in their own heads , because everything works out in their fantasies . 
  that 's an eternal problem with ideologues and a persistent one with everyone else . 
  considering the fact that trump switched parties like 12 times over his lifetime , and he 's flip flopping on a lot of stuff right now , i guess we can be comforted that he 's probably not an ideologue . 
  i 'm still not fully satisfied with how ungrounded he still is though . 
  just what russia needs , more lysenko 's ... 
   some people on the yes believe they 're fighting to prevent the next brexit/trump this is something i keep noticing . 
  why do so many europeans seem to connect our election with brexit ? 
  it seems like lots of you are treating these events as though there is some international battle between the left and right , instead of isolated ones between a left and a right . 
   what frighten me the most is the amount of disinformation that has been circulating among facebook users . 
  has n't this always been the case ? 
  `` mad dog '' is probably the more well known nickname . 
  that would be him . 
  i think actually being in the loop will moderate some views of his , to be honest . 
  he only started getting briefings and stuff a few months ago , and so everything he was talking about earlier was n't informed by the administration he will be leading . 
  bare in mind that what he 's saying is a perfectly sober analysis of the geopolitics , even if you disagree with the us being involved in the issues in these regions like i do . 
  if you 're thinking of the [ first battle of fallujah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_battle_of_fallujah ) , then yes that is him . 
  the man is the epitome of professionalism . 
  he even has the nickname of `` warrior monk '' because of his large personal collection of books and eternal bachelorhood , and his standing orders to his men to read whenever possible . 
  if you talk with former us intelligence agents , they 'll also speak up about the moral aspects as well , both from a purely ethical point of view and from a practical point of view that most people do n't consider . 
  one i saw giving a talk in a book store here in la was able to cite many historical instances where enemy units surrendered without fighting just because they knew absolutely nothing would happen to them and that the war was lost anyway . 
  it 's actually a little more than partly true . 
  the countries which got along with us the best from the beginning were france , spain , prussia , and russia . 
  russia was among the first countries in the world to even recognize us . 
  that depends . 
  he has many good qualities , including competence , loyalty , and commitment . 
  word on the street is that he convinced trump that torture is completely ineffective for getting intel and that bribery works best . 
  he may have been pressured to resign by obama due to disagreeing with him on various things , like many generals who served under the last administration , but that 's only speculation . 
  he 's one of the american generals that every other nato member 's military staffs absolutely adores . 
  [ i 'm not sure if anything can save them from themselves at this point . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnff1ztl1oy ), 
   i agree . 
  a lot of people , mainly in the uk press , want to make this italian ref a threat to the eu , like brexit and ** trump ** . 
  please tell me that they did n't have `` journalists '' who were delusional enough to think our election had anything whatsoever to do with the eu . 
  that 's because those sites do n't operate on a subscription access basis . 
  they could and it would be a legal way of earning money for their content , but they do n't . 
   the services are in demand , thousands of people use these sites regularly . 
  but given the anonimity of the internet they get away with a behaviour that would not be acceptable in the real world : not paying for the content they consume . 
  if this were the real world , then the newspapers would have been giving out the papers for * free * with the advertisements on them that they were paid to put there . 
  people would still be legally in the right to be cutting them out with a scissor . 
  the advertisers already did . 
  the readers are under no legal obligation to read the advertisements though , and if it were a real physical paper , it would not be illegal to cut them out with a scissor . 
  if the newspapers want money , they can sell their online content in a multitude of legal ways , including online subscriptions and pay-per-article deals . 
  oh , that 's an interesting cultural difference . 
  what are the reasons for that attitude about reporting deaths , historical and otherwise ? 
  :d is that a reference to the joke about otto habsburg-lothringen 's reply about whether he 'd seen the austria-hungary soccer match ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c4uteeojlm ) , 
  [ er ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93lithuanian_war ), 
  my understanding is that part of the problem is that they have failed to make their irish classes fun and modern . 
  like a lot of them use outmoded techniques like recitation of old poetry . 
  people end up hating learning irish as a result , and the state fails to make it seem culturally and economically important . 
   americans can choose spanish , not exactly . 
  most school districts offer it alone without any other possible language courses , and because the states all require a certain number of credit years of foreign language classes , most students * have to * study it . 
  this is for a couple of reasons . 
  for one , not every state has its own textbook publishing industry , so many smaller states have to use whatever is made in the more populated states , like for example california and texas where spanish actually is a useful language to know . 
  school districts in a small state like vermont which borders quebec would be best served by offering french , but they may not always be able to get a hold of approved text books for those courses . 
  another factor is cost cutting , since it 's cheaper to offer only the bare minimum , and not have a large catalogue of languages . 
  that 's less teachers to keep on , less classrooms to be reserved , easier bulk procurement of materials , etc. 
  it 's much more our present than our future , than many people realize i think . 
  most currency and transactions are already entirely digital in the first world . 
  credit cards and online banking are just the beginning . 
  eh , linux is just a unix fork . 
  it ca n't really be all credited to linus torvalds . 
  the coup was bound to fail no matter what . 
  token elements of the military only really materialized in istanbul and ankara , and they failed to have inside access to erdogan before the coup even started . 
  it was an amateurish attempt . 
  they had no ground presence and no sure way to kill the snake at the head . 
  and co \u2082 emissions were definitely more important to reduce in urban going vehicles than nox emissions !, 
  it 's actually good for two things . 
  i 'll grant you that handguns are poor hunting guns , but the other two uses that i outlined still apply . 
  your country for one . 
  1933 was a top down suspension of democracy . 
  the nazis had already tried bottom up revolution in 1923 , but it was stopped by your military and police . 
  but when it was the government itself that revolted against democracy in 1933 , the people had no means to stop it and there was therefore no deterrence against it . 
  you 're mistake is that you think that power is a zero sum game and that centralization of power inherently results in good outcomes . 
  centralization only guarantees uniform results from the top down . 
  this is as much a liability is it can be a boon . 
  there is no alternative to the fully centralized authority . 
  a stable democracy requires both a strong government ( to defend the people from foreign threats ) and a strong people ( to defend themselves from domestic threats ) .
