   we are still in iraq . . 
  i have friends there literally right now . 
  we never left . 
  of course , but it 's worth mentioning that under obama are involvement was * much more * limited in scope and risk than under bush , and so far under trump . 
  one service man told me he buried 100 men under bush but only 3 under obama . 
  reducing a 140,000 man occupation force to 9,000 `` advisors '' is what was responsible for that difference . 
   do n't forget that hillary clinton , barack obama and john kerry supported this action , as well as a bunch of democrats . 
  they supported the action , but they have n't said they support not needing congressional authorization . 
  [ when obama wanted to do the same kind of attack in 2013 , he actually sought authorization first . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/01/world/middleeast/syria.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone ) he ended up not needing a vote , because a deal came through at the last second for syria to surrender their chemical weapons to be disposed of by russia acting as a third party . 
   obama launched drone strikes in several countries and many of them were not authorized by congress explicitly . 
  he absolutely did have authorization !, 
  [ public law 107 -- 40 ] ( https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/plaw-107publ40/pdf/plaw-107publ40.pdf ) granted him the authority in advance for carrying out operations against islamist terrorists in the middle east . 
   let 's be consistent and not expect something new and special now . 
  i expect no such thing . 
  i want to know where the authorization is for strikes on the syrian military are in a so called time of peace !, 
  his unilateral actions without congress may have accidentally put us into in undeclared and illegal war !, 
  saying any of this is not being inconsistent !, 
  it 's being said in full knowledge of us and international law . 
   syria is a case in point . 
  in 2013 most republicans would n't let obama take action . 
  now their guy does it , they 're all for it . 
  if the gop had n't taken control of the house in 2010 this would n't have mattered - but the american people decided they deserved to control a chunk of the federal government . 
  i understand and agree with your whole post , but i want to point out that 2010 is when the republicans began a massive campaign of hyper gerrymander the states they controlled . 
  they keep loosing the popular vote , but keep retaining the house and state legislatures as a result . 
  while there is plenty of deserved blame to be placed at the americans who vote for them despite all the damage they do domestically and abroad , this point should be better understood by everyone . 
  they 've rigged the system , and it 's very hard to undue . 
  i do n't know when it will be properly fixed . 
  [ this is a must read book on the issue ] ( http://gen.lib.rus.ec/book/index.php?md5=1436ce79af47c674b8d817ad740028e1 ) , if you 're interested . 
  and also beyond gerrymandering , there is rampant voter suppression as well , so even the final tallies are not even fully showing the degrees that public opinion is out of lock step with current policies . 
   economic warfare ( vw , deutsche bank etc. ), 
  and that 's when you went right off the deep end after starting out mostly good . 
  vw committed fraud and the eu were knowingly letting them get away with it . 
  also deutsche bank is sleazy as fuck , and it 's right that the uk and my country have been launching probes into potential money laundering of theirs for russian oligarchs . 
  [ incidentally i 'm totally sure , they also happen to be in bed with the so called president . 
  ] ( https://www.propublica.org/article/deutsche-bank-trump-conflict-of-interest-despite-settlements ), 
  worse , did he actually believe his echo chamber or far right talk shows and idiot conspiracy theorists ? 
  the answer is probably yes . 
  he 's just a red hat . 
  meanwhile back in realityland , the well known liberally biased media agency * fox news * had him polling at 43 % approval and 51 % disapproval on march 12-14 : http://www.foxnews.com/politics/interactive/2017/03/15/fox-news-poll-315/ or you could just look through these in general : http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/trump_favorableunfavorable-5493.html#polls, 
   i like americans ahh thanks . 
  i hope things will be better in the future . 
  :(  and i even like the republicans \\* retching up noises *  it was n't even mainly that trump wanted to impose tariffs , but rather the fact that he openly talked about bringing back inhanced interogation ( new speak for torture ) , badmouthed our government and made some statements that make him simply look unreliable . 
  on a serious note , yeah . 
  i can easily see this . 
  if we had elected sanders , who is also pro protectionism ( and actually means it since he does n't personally benefit from foreign factories like trump does ) , i do n't think relations would be suffering right now . 
  there would have been a few statements of regret from the eu over the death of ttip , but that deal was n't coming along very smoothly anyway . 
  you can write whatever you want in the text section . 
  that 's what i did . 
  i asked for a state flag option for my state , but got shot down . 
  they did one for catalonia and crimea , but not for our independence movement . 
  14 day old account , -24 karma . 
  consumer confidence ** is not ** related in way , shape , or form to faith in political institutions , which indeed is at an all time low . 
  most of the country thinks that the election was not free or fair , either because they stupidly believe the demagogue in chief that his opponent got millions of fraudulent votes , or the sane reason which is that [ congress and the fbi are investigating the president for collusion with a hostile foreign state to subvert the election , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2dprmgbtl8 ) an election [ in which state voter registration systems were hacked en mass ] ( http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-hackers-target-election-systems-20160930-story.html ) and saw as of now still unexplained last second voter roll purges . 
  to the red hats , yes . 
  they like that they get their way again and again with less votes , because none of them believe in democracy . 
  what you red hats fail to care about is that rocks are n't eligible voters that people should care about . 
  clinton lost the election with three million more votes , so tell again which one of us does n't understand what the country wants ? 
  4 years is a long time . 
  it could be 8 , or god forbid , more . 
  the republicans are close to controlling enough state legislatures to change the constitution . 
  even it it 's only 4 years , that 's about as long as it took many other backsliding democracies to subvert their own governmental institutions . 
  i do n't want to see the problems become that entrenched , where it might take a generation or two or three to fix them . 
  the germany of 2017 would have been utterly unimaginable to the people living in the germany of of 1945 . 
  it took them a long time to get there , with a lot of honest self reflection . 
   i find it kind of astonishing that there are still people willing to see how things go . 
  but i suppose time will tell . 
  there 's pretty much always a critical mass of people willing to ignore the problems or hold onto irrational hope , up until and even well past the point where the problems are no longer rectifiable by normal means . 
   i certainly hope that i 'm wrong . 
  but i ca n't in good conscience see what i see and not say anything . 
  thank you . 
   but he is not the king . 
  the us has checks and balances and we have 3 branches of government , the checks and balances are n't being acted on however . 
  i 'll hold my breath for impeachment proceedings in congress over the attack on the syrian military without congressional authorization for the use of force and for the violation of the emoluments clause of the constitution with him accepting chinese trademarks seemingly in exchange for nixing the tpp . 
   and even in his immediate circle in the white house there are several liberal democrats , including his son in law and his chief economic advisor . 
  that means nothing . 
  demagogues get into power by promising everything to everyone . 
  trump and his family do n't have an ideology . 
  they have a lust for power and money . 
  none of them are party people , and trump himself has shifted between being registered for 4 different parties at different times throughout the last 30 years . 
  this is the third time he 's been a registered republican . 
  he 's been a registered democrat twice before . 
  he 's nothing but a billionaire opportunist who 's whatever will get him more influence in the government , and right now that just happens to be having an ( r ) next to his name . 
   the us is not russia . 
  if it was , we would have had the muslim ban , and release of the healthcare law , etc. 
  but we do n't , because a lot of the things trump wanted to do - failed . 
  and how do you think russia ended up where it is now ? 
  it did n't start out as a democracy in name only . 
  it took years of work to curtail their free press and strangle the independence of their governmental institutions including their judiciary . 
  putin lost a lot of his first battles too , incidentally including an early attempt to dismantle the old soviet healthcare system . 
  in the end , it all fell apart largely unnoticed because they let their fledgling free press get sidelined , then cowed , and then controlled . 
   but you have to believe the us with it 's 200 + years of history has be considered in a larger context than just trump and his current and so far not very successful presidency . 
  this kind of thinking is where a dangerous kind of complacency can come from . 
  do we have a future after trump ? 
  yes , of course . 
  everyone dies eventually , and any legacy can be undone . 
  but what happens now will determine how difficult and how long that process will be . 
  an entrenched oligarchy controlling politics is forming before our eyes , and that problem goes beyond one man . 
  appeals to the past are a mistake . 
  it 's the present and the future that you must focus on .
