   this is on the turkish people , they need to fight for their democracy , we ca n't really intervene in what is essentially a purely political process at this point . 
  it has a political veneer , but opposition leaders have been jailed . 
  there is no process at work except for the now rapid erosion of democracy in the country . 
  the country is becoming , if it already is n't , a managed democracy . 
  you realize that you 're wishing for the success of fascists in the name of liberty ? 
  it 's okay that you 're angry and want revenge . 
  just be fucking sensible about it . 
  we 're all in it together actually . 
  the nationalist-populists are an international threat to democracy , and erdogan is part of it . 
   ok , ban me for what i say , i do n't care , i know what i say will sound horrible , but i will say it anyway : this referendum was 100 % sure the last chance for turks to rid themselfes of erdoganism in a democratic way . 
  democracy is n't just about voting . 
  the turkish people can still undo erdogan and his legacy at a later date if they work on it and never give up . 
  they 'll have to learn to become more organized at a local level and more militant , and they should start by talking earnestly with the secular kurds about how to do it . 
  the crisis was meant to help the fascist party though . 
  erdogan and his government was trying to rile up support for them by creating backlash against another muslim minority in the country . 
  erdogan has been bad mouthing western countries for years . 
  the latest escalations are just another point on the trend . 
  the turning point was way in the past , back when he was n't powerful in his country . 
  south africa was one example . 
  israel is starting to get toxic enough that some european countries are banning imports from the illegal settlers in the occupied zones . 
  i would n't hold my breath for turkey though . 
  they still play ball with the west on most geopolitical issues , at least ostensibly . 
   the only positive side i see to it is that they they might start thinking twice about blind nationalism when erdogan shows his true colours . 
  i mean , he already had . 
  it 's been about a year with turkey under martial law , with mass purges of educators , officers , police , and opposition leaders . 
  and all that in a country with a highly persecuted press , with the highest rate of journalists being murdered in the world . 
  your classmates are just not paying attention , or they 're not actually being honest about their views if they are . 
  the pope gets elected for life . 
  :p the vatican , if we 're humoring its pretensions as a `` state '' , meets a loose definition of being a theocratic republic . 
  why would you wish on others what you hate ? 
  the difference between the akp , fn , afd , etc. 
  is the religion/civilization they claim to represent . 
   julmust and p\u00e5skmust honest question , what are they ? 
  are they food ? 
  i can only speak for america , but i knew a number of turkish-americans back in college , and they were completely and utterly indistinguishable from just about any other american . 
  the most famous turkish-american here is probably [ cenk uygur ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cenk_uygur ) . 
  he 's a diehard and iconic progressive commentator who runs a reasonably popular radio and internet show . 
  maybe he 's having an outsized influence on turkish-american views ? 
  they 'd have to be accepted by the host nation . 
  what a wonderful kind of optimism . 
  someone call ecowas . 
  [ they actually have the balls to intervene on behalf of democracy . 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/01/19/510598698/as-election-winner-is-sworn-in-2-men-now-claim-to-be-president-of-gambia ), 
  listen man , all hippieremover wants to do is `` remove '' hippies [ and celebrate the diversity of hitler . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/61tnga/celebrate_diversity/ ) he 's obviously a perfectly normal human being and in not in any way an obvious dangerous sociopath . 
  reactionaries fetishize traditions to such a degree that they often are not creative with any new symbols or slogans they may want to use . 
  there is no argument to be had . 
  it 's all attempted manipulation . 
  do you think that they really want to have thoughtful discussions ? 
  that 's naive . 
  and that 's when we 're just talking about trolls and shills and not about bots . 
  good luck talking with them . 
  the fact that you 'd even characterize pointing out account age and comment history information as an `` attack '' shows you are being highly naive . 
  patent trolling in the it industry is a global issue and is n't the same thing at all as a discussion about potentially selective enforcement by regulatory bodies on criminal or civil statutes . 
  apples and oranges . 
  i 'd like to know why you think that massive upheaval is n't on the way , when automation by many estimates has the potential to render the majority of the population jobless , while many of us live in societies where we need jobs in order to live . 
  that was happening regardless of the election anyway . 
  and you should n't take his numerous and contradictory campaign promises at face value . 
  he 's just a demagogue , so it does n't matter what he says . 
  i think merely recognizing the coming dystopian upheavals should be separated from the diatribe above , which endorses the upheavals as a useful turning point . 
  what he 's saying is certainly a plausible future . 
  he should n't wish for the collapse though . 
  it 's better to fight to preempt it before we ever get to that point . 
  you 're other comment seems to have been deleted , so i 'm responding to this one . 
  if you look at the thread again , you 'll see that the shills and bots are filing in now . 
  7 day old account . 
  7 day old account , 2 comments , -2 karma . 
  sometimes you only find out what the bribe was later , when years later the officials go to work for a company they were responsible for investigating or regulating , but did n't do a good job of it . 
  it 's worth mentioning that too big to fail policies result in companies that push the envelope to the detriment of everyone else in ever brazen ways . 
  maybe vw would be bankrupted by having to refund their european customers . 
  that is n't a really bad thing , as it would send the message that fraud is unacceptable and will be clamped down on . 
  would you mind elaborating on that ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  the nat is a very straight forward and short treaty . 
  you should give it a read . 
  it 's an easy tell for a troll , bot , or shill account . 
  you can use comment history and account age to figure out if an account is actually being used by a real human , and if so , if it 's being done so in good faith . 
  danzigxit will soon change that !, 
  in all probability , there are web crawlers scraping reddit and this thread will be be hit eventually . 
  i 'd have to assume that an instance of ` marine le pen ` would trigger an automatic response . 
  the viet cong did n't stand ground either . 
  they engaged in asymmetric gorilla warfare . 
  so my question for you , since you 've brought it up , is in your scenario are we talking about russia already occupying most or all of italy and italians resorting to gorilla warfare and insurgency to fight a decades long occupation ? 
  because that does n't sound like `` winning '' or parity of power to me . 
  oh look , whataboutism from a 25 day old account with only a handful of comments . 
  this is the fn we 're talking about here . 
  it 's got ta be more than just 2 !, 
  yeah , but they 're mostly unflaired though . 
  it 's hard to say for certain how many of them are americans in denial , and how many of them are just trolls wandering in from r/all . 
  well if makes you feel any better for the next 4-8 years we 're going to have just as much lack of enforcement over here as you guys have had , now that our federal epa is being run by a corrupt pro oil and pro corporate anti environmentalist ... :(, 
  a reasonable suspicion , and probably true in the case of the uk , but the eu itself still has a revolving door problem and is still quite amenable to corrupt corporate influences . 
  this is worth a read : http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/volkswagen-how-officials-ignored-years-of-emissions-evidence-a-1108325.html, 
  gdp or trade volume means nothing . 
  it 's all about resources , men , technology , and leadership . 
  the idea that a tiny country with such a tiny population like italy could even hope to stand any ground in such a war is ludicrous . 
  all of that is completely and utterly torpedoed by the fact that the connecticut compromise mixed with our post industrial high urban population has meant that the majority opinion can and has been overruled by extremists . 
  twice in our lifetime now . 
  first we got a dude that ordered the cia to fabricate evidence to invade a country and cut taxes which lead to the rapid decay of public services and infrastructure , and now we have a know nothing demagogue who talks gleefully about nuclear war and nuclear arms races . 
  in all probability he 's a foreign controlled puppet . 
  first past the post also is producing extremes in the legislatures as well in tandem with gerrymandering .
