  they 'll likely go with china instead . 
  china has no scruples about aligning themselves fully with moralless autocracies and is always on the lookout to secure sources of oil internationally . 
  that alone has been one of their key geopolitical objectives before anything else , hence the sudden interest over the senkaku islands for its emz and securing the south china sea as the main logistical artery for importing strategic resources . 
  arguably , there was never a multiculturalism policy to champion or dissent to in america . 
  we 've generally supported the cultural melting pot ideal which is two way assimilation , instead of supporting a multitude of different and separate cultures simultaneously . 
  i sense that many europeans do n't want either , and want one way assimilation , which is a recipe for lingering social tensions , imo . 
  i did n't talk about either the two countries ' political systems or economic development . 
  i do n't know why you think i did . 
  if so , why is n't she being investigated by an anti terrorist agency ? 
  from where i 'm sitting , they just bankrupted her for wearing clothing , and unless i 'm missing something , i think that 's a travesty of justice . 
  so they 've bankrupted the woman for wearing clothing ? 
  why in the hell is the fine that high ? 
  that ca n't possibly be in the spirit of the law or ordinance or whatever she is accused of breaking . 
  so most members will keep on ignoring the targets they agreed to again . 
  great ... 
  1 ) as a native speaker of english , `` annexation '' is a neutral statement of fact . 
  it has neither negative or positive connotations . 
  2 ) you can find willing participants to sign anything in order to grant an air of legitimacy for your domestic audience . 
  the republic of crimea , such that it was , existed for less than a single week , before it signed away its independence as a sovereign state . 
  the unilateral declaration of independence happened on 03-11-2014 , and the signing of the treaty on accession to the russian federation happened on 03-17-2014 . 
  both of which while under russian military occupation , of which at the time russia denied it even had soldiers in ukraine , which they would later admit after the annexation of crimea . 
  3 ) the referendum that even took place on 03-16-2014 that decided if crimea should join russia was held under said russian military occupation with no real international observers ( no un or ocse observers , russia claimed ~ 70-130 observers were present , they were from extreme nationalist groups ) . 
  the referendum did n't even include a choice for remaining as an independent country . 
  furthermore , numerous political dissidents were arrested prior to the referendum . 
  many ethnic tartars are still missing . 
  saying that voter intimidation occurred , is a fucking understatement . 
  and this is to say nothing of outright voting irregularities such as ballots coming from russian nationals without ukrainian passports , * that were counted * . 
  this was intentional and planned in advance of the events as they unfolded . 
  if you ca n't see that , then i ca n't help you . 
  the freedom people generally are n't yankees though . 
  they usually come from other areas of the country than new england . 
  it 's not actually an `` ass '' though . 
  it 's a unitary canal structure where the functions of the rectum , uterus , and urethra are merged . 
  be glad you 're not a kiwi : https://d2fbmjy3x0sdua.cloudfront.net/cdn/farfuture/ukwnmullpkkb_mtqjsbjz68m3kexqhrqk3pdy966jyc/mtime:1424807224/sites/default/files/kiwi_egg_x-ray.jpg https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-de534kkivsm/tvhjonzjbqi/aaaaaaaaalq/n5jfn3d9x90/s1600/pc200764.jpg, 
  just imagine how kiwis feel : https://d2fbmjy3x0sdua.cloudfront.net/cdn/farfuture/ukwnmullpkkb_mtqjsbjz68m3kexqhrqk3pdy966jyc/mtime:1424807224/sites/default/files/kiwi_egg_x-ray.jpg https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-de534kkivsm/tvhjonzjbqi/aaaaaaaaalq/n5jfn3d9x90/s1600/pc200764.jpg, 
  almost as butthurt as if russia started putting historical pictures of warsaw on their passports . 
  yeah . 
  it looks like undercooked ham . 
   otherwise capitalism is doomed !, 
  it always was . 
  it 's a failed ideology . 
   us was founded in 1600 til pre revolution it was n't an anarchy . 
  there were assemblies and township councils , followed later by formalized constitutional governorships . 
  you just hate fun . 
  a white , white , and white brexit . 
  i mean , there was also the whole `` demokratie ohne demokraten '' aspect as well . 
  the freikorp and wehrmacht putting down the 1918-1919 revolutions pushed a lot of spd members into radicalism , and it 's not like the conservatives ever really believed in democracy anyway since their leadership came from the aristocratic class . 
  self driving taco delivery trucks you say ? 
  an interesting idea . 
  hmmmm, 
  it does n't apply to land that was colonized while being terra nullius . 
  the brits there are the indigenous people , because they were the first settled people there . 
  so was the movement really just built up around le pen and her personality ? 
  now that she ca n't be president , her voters are looking elsewhere for the legislative election ? 
  measured by the kilo-dup . 
  that actually sounds maybe good then . 
  what i hate most about cottage cheese here in the us is the texture . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the info and the clarification !, 
  what are people saying is driving the low turnout ? 
  hmmm , so the first round for each constituency will have what we call a `` jungle primary '' here in the us ? 
  lots of people running , but the top two go against each other in the next round ? 
  would you mind explaining the system to me ? 
  oh yes it would . 
  it 's the base of the sauce in beef stroganoff for a reason . 
  if plain sour cream is not to your liking for the pasta topping , then just add spices and herbs to taste . 
   new california republic you 're rushing ahead on the script . 
  we have n't even reclaimed anchorage yet . 
  be patient !, 
  sour cream  cottage cheese :p, 
  is that actually a thing ? 
  free ranged , where the range refers to a gun range . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  how about a deal ? 
  we handle your industrial and environmental oversight , and you guys keep an eye on silicon valley for us ? 
  it was the first !, 
  :d and it also levied the highest fine for their fraud and noncompliance with an active investigation . 
  if the us was a more centralized unitary state , this probably would n't be possible . 
  yay, 
  this is just meaningless semantics over what you personally think `` economic issues '' and `` social issues '' each encompass . 
  the point is that a politic that * directly * and * effectively * addresses the material conditions of the common people has been utterly lacking , while other left politics that do n't have been actuated at the same time . 
  those are economic issues not social issues . 
  the problem is that social issues , while obviously important , do n't put bread and butter on people 's plates ... 
  neither of them were ever going to be good presidents . 
  if campaign obama were the real obama there 'd be shrines to the man in every household and the country would actually be somewhere good economically . 
  but alas he was just a sham populist , and he just did whatever the clinton era wall street cronies that he appointed like larry summers and alan greenspan told him to do ... 
  it 's the same here in the us . 
  the liberal media has no handle at all on what the common people actually think and want . 
  they live in their own well to do bubbles , and do n't understand why populist rhetoric is attractive . 
  if offends their bourgeois sensibilities , so they write it off just like they write off all the counter examples to their orthodox convictions of what should be . 
  obama went for the youth vote in 2008 , and guess what happened ? 
  70 million votes . 
  2016 for the corporate neoliberal ? 
  she got 63 million . 
  see the difference ? 
  there is nothing wrong in the whole damn world with offering the young the future they believe in . 
  not only does it work electorally , you 're helping those that have to live in society the longest and will have to deal with the effects of policy the longest . 
  `` all of the sudden ? '', 
  he was * always * highly electable . 
  he advocates for what a lot of people over there actually want , and he 's authentic .
