  there 's a fear among 2nd amendment defenders and gun owners that district of columbia v. heller might get struck down , meaning that the 2nd amendment would no longer be treated as an individual right as opposed to a collective right . 
  the relevant part of that decision :  `` the second amendment guarantees an individual right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia , and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes , such as self-defense within the home . '', 
  without that case law , strict gun controls or bans would be possible , and again neither are desired by the majority of americans . 
  if it was interpreted to be a collective right instead , you really would have to be part of a militia to own a gun , and a lot of people want to hunt and be able to protect themselves . 
  we have n't left nafta yet . 
  if that happens expect sharp stock market and currency exchange rate declines for all three signatory countries . 
  yeah , that was actually something that was said in the election unfortunately ... 
  by `` fine '' i meant good , not necessarily pricey . 
  what 's the implication of that that you 're trying to get across ? 
  that germany could afford its nato obligations if it did n't have financial eu obligations ? 
  because it so , then i do n't agree . 
  germany has one of the largest economies in the world and the government has been seeing many years of budget surpluses . 
  germany could certainly meet both obligations if it wanted to , i think . 
  at least i 've got a two month reprieve to ready myself mentally before all the click bait titled opinion pieces masquerading as news articles really start flooding in , whipping up frenzied backlash against users on a personal basis over political events . 
  i 'll just have to stock up in preparation on some fine californian red wines that you guys ca n't get cheaply because ttip never happened . 
  what do you mean by `` parliament army '' ? 
  is the bundeswehr controlled by your legislature instead of the chancellorship ? 
  fair enough . 
  i 've always hated the enemy national of the week mentality here on r/europe . 
  this thread is a good idea . 
  at various times , ones for greece , spain , germany , etc. 
  would have been good as well . 
  can you clarify what you mean by that ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're getting at . 
  oklahoma 's epa has probably always been under severe political pressure due to the local oil industry . 
  it would n't surprise me if state support to it faltered while the feds are paralyzed on environmental issues for the next 4 years after inauguration . 
  california also has extensive oil industry interests , but the state government is enormously pro environmentalism while having a democratic governor , senate , and assembly ( what we call our lower house ) . 
  the south attempted to secede after a legitimately democratically elected candidate got elected president . 
  the above scenario hypothesized dictatorship , which is a whole ` nother can of worms . 
  it * would n't * have popular support . 
  secession would n't happen . 
  assassination would . 
   so tell me , will you continue to humiliate him , disallow him access to your countries , create petitions to prevent his entry to your countries , and laugh at him in general ? 
  i hope so . 
  the us president is leader of us foreign policy . 
  doing the above is tantamount to severing formal relations on many practical levels . 
  all that just because you do n't agree with his policies or dislike him as a person ? 
  why not allow him to visit your country and meet with your representatives , but you as a citizen of your country write letters to your representatives to consider broaching topics with him that matter to you ? 
  you have it backwards . 
  the 2 term limit for the presidency comes from an amendment . 
  they 'd have to repeal the 22nd amendment , not pass a new one . 
  and it will never happen anyway . 
  it would require 66 % support from both houses of congress and ratification by 75 % of the states ' legislatures . 
  and more generally , the 2 term limit is very popular . 
  i think that 's conflating issues , if you 're talking about what i think you are . 
  things like gay marriage and abortion right ? 
  restrictions or banning of either in a democratic system is n't fascism . 
  it 's just bad policy . 
  :p just to be clear , i 've been talking about governmental and political systems . 
  i honestly do n't know how americans would feel about repealing the 2 term limit on the presidency . 
  i suspect that it would be pretty unpopular to say the least . 
  to your other question , i would suspect that obama would win in a three way election between clinton and trump . 
  it 's not going to happen though . 
  you need 66 % of both houses of congress and the ratification of 75 % of the state 's legislatures to repeal an amendment to the constitution of the united states . 
  the 22nd amendment is here to stay , and even talk of repealing it would result in serious riots . 
  before franklin roosevelt the 2 term limit was a tradition that most people respected , and after him it became law . 
  even as an unofficial rule it was considered quite important . 
  sanctions over crimea might not last forever . 
  that will embolden russian aspirations and militarism , when the consequences are only temporary . 
  the \u043a\u0440\u044b\u043c \u043d\u0430\u0448 folks already think this way about geopolitics . 
  that they 'll keep the land forever for bad trade for a decade or whatever . 
  you 've missed the point . 
  they 're saying that they 'd never be a target of aggression because they do n't have resources , and so they do n't need alliances which would mean they would have to defend those that would be attacked . 
   at that point , why bother ? 
  you may as well just improve procurement and joint development projects . . and even then , this is very difficult too . 
  many projects had countries back out because they could n't agree on standards ( ex . 
  the proposed joint french-british cv that never happened due to catabor vs stovl disagreements ) . 
  say what you will about nato , but its interoperability standards have been a huge boon for arms procurements internationally among western countries . 
  and that kills the chance for participation from france . 
  having to go through 27 factions for approval for them to do what they want will be too much . 
  france would never accept latvia vetoing an intervention in west africa , or what have you . 
  the light arms we can have are military grade . 
  at and aa capabilities on the other hand is another issue . 
  of course , it 's highly unlikely the us military would side with a dictator in the first place . 
  their first loyalties are to their constitutional duties , not the president . 
  they could largely be relied upon to create an interim administration in congress 's hands for us anyway , in such an event . 
   germany can mobilize and equip 4 million reserve soldiers with at least basic 1 year military training in less than a month . 
  most germans chose the zivildienst not the bundeswehr , and even then as time goes by that generation gets older and those that can be conscripted have n't had that training . 
  i also do n't believe that germany has the facilities to house 4 million soldiers in a month 's notice nor the stockpiles to equip them properly . 
   it takes only a few days to change a production line from cooking pots to helmets . 
  a few weeks from cars to tanks . 
  tool machines to precision rifles . 
  do n't let the pacifist facade fool you . 
  this seems overly optimistic . 
  car lines might be able to be retooled to produce light afvs , but not in that short order . 
  modern mbts would require specific parts and facilities . 
  rheinmetall might be able to expand current production , but it would n't be that easy . 
  also , in the modern age of precision laser guided weaponry , industrial bombing has never been easier . 
  it would be silly to plan on only beginning to properly equip armored units and detachments after the outbreak of war . 
  a serious stockpile would be needed in advance in case of the destruction of production facilities . 
  this is the reason the us keeps large tank stockpiles itself in locations like knox . 
  nationalism is n't fascism . 
  i really do n't think you 'll find anything but patriotism for our republican institutions , if you started asking around amongst americans . 
  because drumpf gmbh , obviously !, 
  trump supporters supported a presidential candidate for our republic . 
  that does n't translate into consent for dictatorship . 
  it 's against the wishes and beliefs of * every * american . 
   the usa took the responsibility to protect these countries when they accepted them into nato . 
  if your word is worth nothing then noone will trust you on anything . 
  one year the usa will say one thing and the other year they will say the other .
