  it uses a lot of statfor internal data , that i do n't think has been reasonably vetted . 
  it makes a good read while drunk though . 
  that being said , kudos to zeihan for being one of the few people who actually gets the big picture vis-\u00e0-vis coming american strategic independence and the russian crisis . 
  the problem with his predictions is that you ca n't expect people to always be rational actors though . 
  emotions get in the way , and sometimes people do stupid things . 
  fyi this is a rehash of a talk he 's given like a dozen times since at least 2012 . 
  it 's still amazing how on top of russia the statfor boys were though . 
  not enough people believed them and others that russia 's demographic problems would likely drive them to war ... 
  he 's a self described leninist , perhaps proving the [ horseshoe theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory ) once again . 
  it 's the other way around these days . 
  they 'll put a lenin statue on the national mall with a man [ like bannon ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/steve-bannon-will-lead-trumps-white-house ) in the white house . 
  and also , let 's be real . 
  does anyone on the eu side want to spare the man any face ? 
  i 'd think not . 
  i was talking about the ultimate origins of the practice . 
  the development into the modern practice is more clear when you read the `` competition '' subsection of the article . 
  i was talking about the ultimate origins of the practice . 
  the development into the modern practice is more clear when you read the `` competition '' subsection of the article . 
  who is this heretic , 4chan ? 
  seriously , what am i missing here ? 
  please help me out frenchmen of r/europe . 
  this whole time i 've been thinking that fillon was the way that le pen could win in the second round , because of his thatcherite policies and beliefs . 
  is macron really the least liked of the three ? 
  mine 's anchovies and pineapple . 
  it 's the perfect mix of sweet and salty . 
  try it out sometime . 
  the obscure wine history that will really blow your mind , is when you learn that french wines have n't used fully native french grapes in about ~ 170 years :  munson 's work enabled him to help save the european grape and wine industry from devastating fungus and insect attacks . 
  in the 1840s european vineyards had been ravaged by the fungus parasite oidium . 
  during that time france suffered losses of nearly 80 percent of its vines . 
  the european wine industry imported native labrusca rootstock from the united states , but these cuttings brought in phylloxera , a plant louse , which attacked the slowly recovering vineyards . 
  in 1868 phylloxera was discovered in southern france ; more than 6 million acres of vineyards were destroyed in france , germany , and other regions of europe . 
  the french wine industry , knowing of munson 's expertise , requested that he send some of the grape hybrid rootstock that he had developed during his studies at denison . 
  he shipped phylloxera-resistantrootstock to france , where it was grafted with varieties of european vinifera . 
  munson 's work and that of another horticulturalist , hermann jaeger , helped save the european wine industry from total devastation . 
  because of munson 's role , the french government in 1888 sent a delegation to denison to confer on him the french legion of honor chevalier du m\u00e9rite agricole . 
  munson also received numerous other awards and honors . 
  in 1898 he was elected as a foreign corresponding member of the soci\u00e9t\u00e9 nationale d'agriculture de france and as an honorary member in the soci\u00e9t\u00e9 des viticulteurs de france . 
  the university of kentucky awarded him an honorary doctor of science degree in 1906 . 
  he was a founder and served as president of the texas horticulture society and was a member of the american horticultural society and the american pomological society . 
  he was also a member of the texas world 's fair commission in 1903 -- 04 and in 1904 was on the international jury of awards for the st. louis exposition . 
  https://www.tshaonline.org/handbook/online/articles/fmu08 they 're all drinking wine made from new world grapes !, 
  no wonder we beat them in the judgement of paris . 
  you ca n't do better than the original . 
  yes men is what you get with that . 
  dissent must always be disseminated so that people can weigh the issues and options . 
   how about you stay in r/usa if you want to talk to americans only ? 
  you 're completely out of your depth , and i 'm telling you the truth . 
   trump is a social movement , if you didnt notice that by now . 
  they will be able to alter the constitution if they have enough influence . 
  to amend the constitution you need : - 66 % of votes in congress to send the bill to the state legislatures - where 3/4 of them must have 51 % of the votes or - a constitutional convention and a constitutional convention has never happened after the first . 
  what you do n't understand is that `` influence '' is irrelevant . 
  no condition for an amendment is met . 
   clinton and obama were appointing people who shared their political views too . 
  this is literally a balance mechanism . 
  if you 're not american , you should n't be having this conversation . 
  obama nominated garland who was a moderate , and segments of congress , flaunting their constitutional duty , refused to even confirm or deny his appointment . 
   of course he will . 
  if he has enough support , he may even alter the constitution . 
  you do n't know how anything works in the us . 
  the president * can not * do that . 
  there are only two ways to amend the constitution , and neither involve the president . 
  the executive is ignoring federal court orders * right now * . 
  read up on what 's going on in dulles and lax . 
  homeland security and us customs and border protection are flaunting them , and us marshals are in some cases even refusing to issue them . 
  the judiciary is being sidelined . 
  that 's not what she 's saying * at all * . 
  she thinks that democracy will become threatened in the us , which i no longer disagree with myself . 
  she has not called for an overturning of the results or some such , so your comment is utterly nonsensical . 
  freedom of speech . 
  [ the funny thing is that it was a frenchman who was the ultimate origin of the practice . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vin_mariani ) coke and wine stayed even after they stopped putting cocaine in it . 
  belgium 's out then , i think . 
  this does n't surprise me in the least , especially since it was almost always the charg\u00e9s d'affaires that were running the show in reality anyway . 
  [ no delusions here , actually . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/347191326112112640 ), 
  i swear they chose the colors just to showcase the blue banana . 
  so does this increase or decrease le pen 's chance of winning the second round ? 
  thank you comrade dugin for your input . 
  make recursion , not war . 
  remember 01001010 !!, 
  would any romanians mind explaining what exactly is going on ? 
  i 'm pretty fuzzy on the details . 
  \\  lied \\  not a song, 
  [ days of thunder ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0tsli0kxg8 ) is the better song though . 
  is that where fidesz support is the biggest ? 
  am i dismembering , or was n't fidesz originally established as a anticommunist and anti soviet group ? 
  man i ca n't imagine what it 's like to be older hungarian from the uprisings right now ... 
  is that really how it will go down though ? 
  a lot of the smaller countries have disagreements with the eu over varied economic , immigration and security issues and they might be looking for a way to hedge their bets . 
  i see it as a great strategic failure to not to think outside of economic interests . 
  the russian leadership almost certainly values security over money at this point . 
  breach of contract issues perhaps ? 
  can a judge absolve an employer from paying an employee in such a situation under eu law ? 
  ukraine is a core interest of russia and is therefore a red line for them . 
  the eu will never be willing to go as far as russia in a showdown over it . 
  is that because none of them have scheduled elections so they can afford to not look tough on britain ? 
  for now , but i would n't be so sure that annexation of any eastern oblasts wo n't follow later though . 
  the only country which has broken the agreement is russia :  [ 1 . 
  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to ukraine , in accordance with the principles of the csce final act , to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of ukraine . 
  ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/ukraine._memorandum_on_security_assurances )  [ 2 .
