  `` anglo-saxons '' are a tiny minority in our country ( [ 7.6 % of the population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_americans ) ) . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  this comes off like a rant about jews controlling banks . 
  it 's paranoid nonsense . 
  or vietnam . 
  http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1437&amp;cookies=disabled they do n't even realize our regulatory standards are more prohibitive and strict in many areas than theirs are , from banking to car exhaust particulate matter . 
  what can you expect from them on this subject ? 
  they just want us to pay for their defense . 
  that 's all we are to them . 
  after former ancient greece protested the naming , yes . 
  +1 for foreign policy and the diplomat , although the diplomat still leans a little blog like with its opinion pieces . 
  all in all , it 's hard to think of geopolitics and intentional relations news sites that are better . 
  all us cable news is 100 % incompetent garbage . 
  they say whatever their advertisers and owners want them to . 
  but just dropping a link to a news site without a comment from the op is good enough effort ? 
  that 's like 85 % of the posts here these days . 
  the community rules do n't even define what `` low effort '' constitutes . 
  it just talks about image macros and stuff , whereas this is a policy paper from a government agency . 
  this is highly arbitrary , and i think it 's a mistake for the community to discourage these kinds of informing and informed posts over the stuff that normally gets a pass . 
  hell , just look at how many accepted posts need submission tags to clarify misleading shit . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  the east asian countries are much nationalistic than most european countries , so forgiveness and moving on does n't come as easily anyway . 
  and the old rivalries often serve as useful distractions , so they are exploited and perpetuated by elements of the leadership on all sides . 
  i was being a goof about the strong regional identities . 
  that is n't true . 
  it 's just paranoid balkan nationalist rhetoric without any basis in law . 
  if both greece and macedonia agree to the same borders , then there is no claim for land whatsoever . 
  i live in california in the us . 
  no one would pretend that we have some right to baja california in mexico or vice versa , let alone a credible formal claim . 
  just be chill neighbors , and things will work out . 
  i think you overstate the quantity and quality of western support for certain anti government factions , and i ca n't agree with that assessment . 
  isis , hezbollah , al nusra , and the kurds would and will still be fighting , western forces and arms or not . 
  the russians and hezbollah are not giving even a minuscule fraction of enough support to the pro government side to make a swift outcome like that possible , and even if the western governments stopped being involved , turkey and saudi arabia would likely fill the gap and then some out of fear for a negative outcome . 
  that one was just europe ( britain and france , specifically ) . 
  post ww2 is when we decided to fuck stuff up there as well . 
   if it was that way they should n't have any problem with euthanasia . 
  but they have . 
  bad argument . 
  you 're presupposing the views of a large number of people . 
  in reality , you 'd probably find lots of people who are okay with euthanasia but iffy or against abortion . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  i think people should have a right to end their own lives ( so long as credible proof like a will is available which indicates the suffering person 's wishes ) . 
  it is their life after all . 
  but anther 's life ? 
  that is a very dangerous route to go , and i 'd include capital punishment as being a logically necessary component of a framework for ethics on individual and societal propriety and obligations on life and death . 
  i think there are logically consistent viewpoints for many combinations of these views , personally . 
   actually it goes both ways , that is why we tend to the elders when they are weak and diseased . 
  so there is no need to allude to the allegedly modern decadence and the decline in values . 
  just to be clear , i was n't trying to advance any rhetoric about uniquely modern problems . 
  people in the past were also selfish assholes , otherwise orphanages would n't have had to have been created . 
  my own views are advanced from a secular point of view where humans are not reliable actors in society . 
  i do not appreciate `` moral crusading '' either , but i 'm willing to engage in a earnest debate about the intellectual and practical merit of various ideas and policies . 
  i think you can also have a discussion on morality in the same way though . 
  regarding the care of the elderly , this is not mutually exclusive with other activities , so i do n't think it 's fair to paint my point about sacrifice and obligations as inconsistent with it . 
  there is no life threatening sacrifices to cleaning a old person 's body , or making them food , or doing their laundry . 
  it 's not the same as [ this ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2011/world/asiapcf/05/31/japan.nuclear.suicide/index.html ) . 
  you ca n't compare hospice or general medical expenditure on the elderly to abortion . 
   however it does n't even matter , fetuses have less consciousness than vertebrates they 're life yes as well as bacterial are life but their individuality and personality are just potential whereas the mothers is a reality . 
  this is how one could justify the killing of all kinds of humans . 
  those in a coma do n't have consciousness either . 
  there 's all kinds of congenital defects that cripple the cognitive development and faculties of a human from birth . 
  but when it comes to the fetuses in abortion cases , they almost always could have developed to their full potential as an adult human . 
   its more complex than that , because it ignores grey areas , like rape or dangers for the mother , to define these matters as selfish is just wrong , self-preservation is not selfish but the most natural thing . 
  actually , i think triage should apply and it does n't make sense to unduly risk the life of the mother over their unborn infants . 
  these cases are n't all of them however . 
  i agree that self preservation is natural and logically sound . 
  i have not questioned this at all , and i think it would be cruel to discount it . 
  legally , evidently . 
  morally , debatable . 
  the moral consensus used to be that the old should sacrifice for the young , not the other way around . 
  the infants have no advocates but us , but we have selfish conflicts of interest in the subject . 
  our lives are easier if we kill them , so it 's easy for us to dismiss the problem . 
  blatant dehumanization is how abortion detractors see this argument , and its part of why the secular argument against abortion is growing amongst the young in some developed countries . 
  you do n't have to restrict speech to regulate * demonstrable * fraud in medicine . 
  if you live a long enough life , we all used to be lots of things . 
  there 's no need to be arrogant and think we 're better than other people . 
  mormons are just one of many religions . 
  many people are born into them . 
  as an atheist , i say we commend and support those who do leave them . 
  this is n't meant as some kind of whataboutism , but we 're not the only ones who are involved . 
  iran , iran aligned shia groups , russia , kurds , turkey , saudi arabia , saudi aligned sunni groups , qatar , isis , al nusra , other nato countries including france and the uk , etc. 
  are also intervening/interfering/fighting in the conflict . 
  it would be difficult to just get one faction to stop , it will be impossible to get everyone to stop . 
  italians are unified ? 
  til, 
  i thought that it was a reference to the debate questions being leaked to clinton in advance , last election . 
  was this something that was said in the 90s ? 
  no replacement for / r/fifthworldproblems / . 
  you only think it 's bad because you 've never had [ homemade mac and cheese in casserole form . 
  ] ( http://foodnetwork.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/fullset/2011/6/6/0/ea1e10_baked-macaraoni-and-cheese_s4x3.jpg.rend.sniipadlarge.jpeg ), 
  he 's also joking , and he probably knows you are too . 
  he 's the sub 's comedic relief . 
  it 's the other articles that i 've seen of theirs . 
  they 've often lacked depth and been sensationalist . 
  i disagree . 
  sweeping statements like `` here 's why ** everything ** you know is wrong '' are the epitome of clickbait-ness . 
  it 's about one step below a top 10 list . 
  i 've said nothing at all about the article itself . 
  did you respond to the wrong comment ? 
  how far that newspaper has fallen as to require that submission tag just to be paid attention to .
