  we have the presumption of innocence for a reason , man . 
  the absolute nerve . 
  the numbers are actually real for our cars . 
  we do n't have to lie to get people to buy our shit . 
  in 4 days he too will swear an oath to the constitution . 
  since that is clearly the marker for loyalty and honesty in your mind , i 'm sure you 'll find that you can trust him in half a week , just the same as you put so much trust in the cia . 
  you know , that same group which did mkultra and regime changes around the world , and has totally never lied to congress right ? 
  i do n't think the us political system is ready for 60 million ukip voters . 
  how do people over there reconcile all that with the failure to come an agreement on ttip , especially with all the protests over it ? 
  that seems logically inconsistent with a world view in which the raison d'\u00eatre for their state is to `` have as open and liberal as possible trade policies '' and that degrees of protectionism are `` symbolically hostile '' . 
  i was talking about when you said `` ami , go home ! '', 
  in a comment chain of people saying `` america is now our enemy '' and what have you . 
  in italian , it 's `` i 've switched sides , and i challenge you to a food off ! '', 
  that evening he came home to mrs. letter of conscience reviewer 's wife . 
  he was gaunt and she could tell he had been crying . 
  that is when she knew that there would be no feuerzangenbowle and turkey dinner for christmas and that young max would n't be getting the bike he needed for getting to school next year . 
  silently she embraced him for what seemed to be an hour . 
  he said this would happen months ago . 
  he 's all over the place politically . 
  he does n't fit anywhere on the political spectrum . 
  just look at the history of his party affiliation for instance : before 1987 he was a democrat , between 1987-1999 he was a republican , between 1999-2001 he was a member of the reform party , between 2001-2009 he was a democrat again , between 2009-2011 he was a republican again , between 2011-2012 he was an independent , and since 2012 he has been a republican yet again . 
  this is how our election happened . 
  too much alienation and disappointment in the american left . 
  if you change your mind or get harangued into it by an impulsive lover , pm me and i 'll suggest you some places to go and things to see . 
  warm regards from across the pond . 
  i find a lot of the beauty in the song is in the lyrics . 
  i 'm surprised that the aesthetics alone moved you . 
  were you surprised by what it was about once you started learning english ? 
  also if you like american folk music , i can certainly suggest some for you . 
  when i was a kid i was part of a singing group that performed a large number of them . 
  better than the current one imo . 
  although i still like the idea of making it [ this land is your land ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wximrvdbq3s ) the best . 
  if the other nato members reach the 2 % of gdp target , what 's the difference ? 
  even if we left in that scenario , which we would n't , the eu would have an ersatz army anyway and it would have its conventional deterrence . 
  it could then make nato membership mandatory for eu applicants like it did for the schengen agreement . 
  you really do n't have to reinvent the wheel here . 
  interoptibility standards , wartime joint command structure , and joint procurement are already taken care of by it . 
  lol . 
  that should have been `` organizing voting distr ** i ** cts '' , but i guess i just was n't paying attention . 
  is this from some merkel quote bingo meme from the german corners of the internet ? 
  it 's even more damning when you realize that it was * their * country that was once on the front lines and in imminent potential danger . 
  now that it 's the baltic that needs the support , they drag their heels , complain , and insult us . 
  they got theirs , fuck everyone else , apparently . 
  hegemony is expensive and the world hates us for it . 
  is trump wildly uninformed about the geopolitics of various regions of the world ? 
  it seems like that . 
  is it bad policy to be pushing the recalcitrant nato countries towards the minimum spending target * that they agreed to twice * ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  if we end up leaving nato , then good . 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjvpyh8wnmw ), 
  our society is n't really multicultural , it 's multiethnic . 
  we expect assimilation , but we 're not rabid traditionalists and two way assimilation is what occurs . 
  you 're overreacting to a very ridiculous and hyperbolic post . 
  we 're not the `` african union '' , and you guys are not a `` islamist socialist union '' . 
  everyone needs to chillax a bit here . 
  i might be a tiny minority in this , but i do n't think our good relationships with european countries are solely dependent on nato and i do n't think it will be the end of it if we hopefully do go more isolationist . 
  not completely . 
  it lays out general procedural and systematic stuff ( electoral college , minimum 1 representative , minimum 2 senators , etc. 
  ) , but the basic details are left up to the individual states ( how much funding each county gets for elections , organizing voting distracting , etc. ), 
  not exactly . 
  free trade as a liberal tenant came from adam smith , but liberalism is older and comes originally from john locke . 
  not every liberal party adopted free trade as a policy and many actually only relatively recently . 
  the first was britain in the 1840s , but that was already 60 + years after the publishing of the wealth of nations . 
  my own country had a protectionist consensus until the 1940s , and even then it was n't a settled issue in politics , and it shifted to a conservative tenant about 40 years after that . 
  classical liberalism is probably better described as individualist , not anti social democratic . 
  it was a reaction to the hobbsian view that a state is meant to be self serving around a divine right monarch . 
  the wahhabists and the muslim brotherhood come from after ww1 . 
  they rose to popularity while we were still isolationist . 
  stop blaming us for everything . 
  you really needed a / s up there . 
  i thought you were serious like the top level commentators . 
  seeing ukraine side by side in 2013 and 2014 is just sad . 
  the reason the silk road broke down so much was because transport by sea is cheaper . 
  that has n't changed , and as the arctic recedes it will only get cheaper to facilitate trade all around the northern hemisphere . 
  it also makes it seem like the place is dangerous that they would need to do that . 
  not in english . 
  it 's pierogi - pierogi ( e ) s. 
  it was the pots of gold was n't it ? 
   merde - french army planners , 1940 , probably, 
  filthy neutrals . 
  what turns a man neutral ? 
  he is the most gopnik man in the world , kurwa . 
  just for everyone else here 's benefit , the dark blue uniform indicates that he is just a regular police offer , employed by the local municipal government . 
  police using semi autos did n't exist until the [ north hollywood shootout in 1997 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_hollywood_shootout ) and even then they were n't issued to anyone on a regular patrol or station until 9/11 . 
  it is still an extremely rare sight , and it is still extremely controversial . 
   i was actually very surprised to see military guards in public spaces , as in italy for example . 
  the same with me actually . 
  i saw the mps in rome and paris , and it was very , very disquieting ... 
  i 'm not surprised to hear that this does n't happen in germany either though . 
  i think a lot more besides your federal republic was modeled after us after wwii . 
  we barely had a standing army until wwii . 
  even after our civil war , with french troops invading mexico , the british being as trigger happy as ever invading china in their concurrent civil war , and the indian wars still not quite over , we * still * largely demobilized afterwords . 
  this is really new , and a lot of us do n't like it , even though we understand intellectually that being prepared is important . 
  it probably does n't look like it from the outside , but we 're not actually militant . 
  we feel trapped in our role as a guaranteer of world peace and incredibly disgruntled by it . 
  the navy recruits with rhetoric like [ `` a global force for good '' ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/58/91/f9/5891f901379990797a13719a83e68359.jpg ) , and '' [ accelerate your life ] ( https://thelexicans.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/life-liberty-navy.jpg ) '' . 
  they offer a purpose and personal fulfillment . 
  they do n't talk about doing things for the country itself or using themes like sacrifice . 
  i feel like the reason we seem so militant is , because , unlike a lot of the other western countries , we explicitly support our armed forces and are nationalistic . 
  but that 's because we recognize that they are our family , friends , and neighbors .
