  vermont ( 3 electors , votes democrat ) is just as disproportionately over represented as alaska ( 3 electors , votes republican ) is . 
   also , per capita us is far ahead . 
  well duh . 
  if we had 4 times their population with their levels of rural poverty , so would they be . 
  it is populism . 
  it 's only being said because of the upcoming french elections . 
  in the ttip negotiations , the eu side was trying to demand that the us loosen its oil exporting laws , and now a disgraced french politician wants to tariff us goods over climate change and over an agreement with many non binding provisions that many countries can be expected to ignore ? 
  whether a country is a party to it or not , it does n't matter . 
  from what i understand , many key provisions are not binding , meaning that many countries which stay a party to it will cherry pick what they implement . 
  i agree that other countries should try to keep my own country from ignoring climate change . 
  it 's a bit rich though [ considering that the eu has been trying to get the us to loosen its oil exporting rules for years , and that was even a demand in the ttip negotiations . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-wants-u-s-to-lift-ban-on-oil-exports-1431885401 ) i think this is a bit of populist rhetoric that he does n't actually mean , because of the coming french elections . 
  it 's always good policy to look strong and have a plan for a domestic audience . 
  mmmmm jia\u030cozi . 
  now i want some gu\u014dti\u0113 or pirogies . 
  the frying is really needed to bring out the best flavor . 
  i was just wondering if it was meant to be ironic , like i thought . 
  was that an insult his detractors called him when he was president ? 
  and they still hate you for it . 
  which of the two is actually heroic : revolution and the creation of a democracy , or loyalty for the sake of it and endless imperialism ? 
  another name : stephen harper, 
  you 're gon na play the fallen soldier card in a debate about their own countries paying their militaries less than what they 've agreed to twice ? 
  my government is supposed to be happy that they honored article 5 , but wo n't honor other commitments that they willingly made with us , but we have ? 
  these are some of the richest countries in the world , and so this failure is deliberate and the agreements they made were probably never made in good faith on their part in the first place , imo . 
  yeah , because a fire has now been lit under their asses . 
  we should n't have to play mommy here . 
  we really should just leave nato , i think . 
   how can nato force countries to increase spending ? 
  the nac could have required the most recent agreement for a minimum expenditure on the military to have legally binding mechanisms via a new treaty . 
  but many of the members of nato want to be able spend less than they agreed to , so it wo n't happen . 
  nato should n't even have to enforce this though . 
  the failure to live up to their word is those countries ' fault alone . 
  they should n't have agreed to 2 % of gdp is they never intended to follow through with it . 
  countries like mine and greece have had numerous economic problems since 2002 , but we both have still kept our end of the bargain . 
  there is no mutualness in this so called `` mutual defense '' . 
   i am asking you , what will happen if every country hits 2 % they will have finally started doing what they 've agreed to do twice , the first time in 2002 . 
  but they do n't because they want the benefits of membership without having to pay for it . 
   sounds like obama and trump are grandstanding . 
  most of nato should live up to their agreements . 
  and britain , poland , greece , and estonia should also be angry about being lied to as well . 
  the us is always damned if it does , and damned if it does n't . 
  the us has never wanted to disarm nato . 
  quite the opposite , it 's been trying to get the other members to arm themselves better but they mostly have n't been interested . 
  instead , the us may unilaterally leave nato . 
   you sure he needs congress to withdraw from a treaty ? 
  us constitutional law is vague on which branches of government have competence in leaving a treaty . 
  in the 1970s the carter administration wanted to leave the defense treaty with taiwan we had , and it was a very controversial issue in congress . 
  they sued the carter administration over them not having the authority to make that decision unilaterally , and the supreme court chose to not accept the case . 
  the specifics remain undecided to this day . 
  in theory , the executive handles foreign policy unilaterally . 
  however , as part of the balance of powers , congress must ratify all treaties to be considered law . 
  them having a part in the passing of a treaty is part of an argument that they should have part in repealing or exiting from it as well . 
   all it takes to dismantle nato is literally one sentence from trump : `` i wo n't authorize any use of american forces in the baltics '' . 
  that 's it , goodbye . 
  i would n't hold your breath that this would happen , but congress is the sole body of our government that can declare wars . 
  they could bring the united states into the conflict by force if they wanted , regardless of whether or not the president wants a war . 
  the actual deployment of american forces is solely up to the executive though . 
  generally the secretary of war heads the top level organization of a war effort . 
  i 'm actually aware of that . 
  my joke was just about the acquis chapters though . 
  in no way was it meant to be some kind of realistic portrayal of the whole process . 
  `` well it looks like you do n't meet the standards to close the ascension chapter on economic stability and robustness , so we will have to postpone membership for now . '', 
  there 's dozens of us , i tell you . 
  dozens !, 
  i 've long since been an active member here , since about 6 years ago . 
  i 've just started using a flair for once , because of the us election and all the articles about it and us-europe relations . 
  normally i do n't use one , because i do n't want people to judge my ideas by my nationality , but for now my nationality is very relevant to what i 've been talking about so i want to make it a bit more obvious for once . 
  i 'll probably revert it when things calm down , which admittedly may take a while . 
  if you could keep us , you 'd want us . 
  neither france or britain have a credible nuclear second strike capability , which is about the biggest strategic hole you could have when confronting russia . 
  in addition , most nato members already have allowed their militaries to become largely inoperable , including your own country . 
  even in a conventional war , there is a lot to be desired , and no sign that the political will is there for change . 
  what would be different for the small and pacifistic countries , when they could merely lean on france just as easily as america ? 
  isis wo n't capitulate to the shia aligned governments of iraq or syria just because they lose mosul . 
  raqqa and fallujah will still have to be retaken , and then there is vast hinterland insurgency that probably ca n't be rooted out . 
  isis will still be here in 2 months . 
  there 's no question . 
  our protection of europe was about the only thing that really doomed relations with russia . 
  once upon a time , our countries had extremely close relations . 
  they were one of the first countries in the world to recognize us . 
  they helped us out in our civil war by supplying weapons to the union , and we returned the favor during the crimean war . 
  we helped negotiate the end of the russo-japanese war with the treaty of portsmouth when they needed an out to deal with the uprisings of 1905 . 
  but then the cold war happened , because stalin was an unhinged lunatic . 
  this is why you never go full 9/11 . 
  you give an inch and they take a mile . 
  not enough to ever consent to ukraine joining the eu or nato . 
   ukraine : there is going to be a russia-west agreement to end the civil war . 
  russia will keep crimea but it will have to stop support the other fighters in eastern ukraine . 
  ukraine will join the western bloc but sanctions are going to end . 
  russia will never agree to this . 
  they already have crimea . 
  they do n't care about your formal recognition after the fact . 
  they wo n't trade away what they do n't need for stuff they vehemently oppose . 
  they 'll keep the rebels in eastern ukraine well armed as long as it keeps them ineligible for the eu and nato . 
  the sphere of influence they want extends far further into the west than you think it does . 
  why do you think they 're still occupying moldova as `` peacekeepers '' supporting transnistria ? 
  they 'd like the sanctions to end , but it too is not as big of a poker chip as you 're making out . 
  they think they can wait the sanctions out , and european countries , one by one , will voluntarily drop them . 
  china is the third major player you have to consider . 
  if the us snubs saudi arabia hard , they themselves wo n't go to russia , because russia supports iran and the progovernment faction in syria .
