   i have nothing but love for the average american < 3 back at ` chu  ( the part of them who do not hate me for being `` hispanic '' , that is ) fyi in american parlance `` hispanic '' does n't refer to europeans in iberia . 
  it refers collectively to all the spanish speaking peoples in the americas . 
  it does n't even usually include brazilians ( although there actually are some americans that do n't know they speak portuguese ... ) . 
  also there is n't widespread * hatred * for `` hispanics '' as we call them ( do you have a different name for them in spain ? 
  maybe `` americano latino '' or something ? ), 
  but more of a frustration with so many of them being illegal immigrants ( ~ 30 million !! ) . 
  you would be really hard pressed to find anyone here who has any issues with any legal immigrants or refugees from the civil wars and authoritarian regimes down south . 
   but i think the fake accounts that were pro-hillary blend better with other users because they had the same objectives and that 's why we took time to notice them . 
  did you actually do any lurking on / r/hillaryclinton during the election , because i did and i saw a lot of obviously fake sycophants ... 
  is this supposed to be a parody comment , or are seriously suggesting that lebanon ( 2006 lebanon war ) and egypt ( tripartite war ) are n't real countries ? 
  i would just advise against looking at the official budgetary numbers , and to look at known numbers of arms and men instead , and what can be gathered about them qualitatively . 
  ignore the purported price tags and just look at the concrete situation of what a hypothetical europe-russian theater would like in the first month of war . 
  a lot of users switched their flairs to it as part of joke when the accusations of russian interference in the election started happening , though . 
  it was part of a running gag . 
  it actually had a legitimate raison d'\u00eatre for most of its existence . 
  it 's usefulness to many members now is clearly in doubt , which is probably best exemplified in their willingness to have cut military spending to the degree that they did and [ the polling which indicates majority support in many of them to not even answer a article 5 call if one member was invaded by russia . 
  ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/06/russia-ukraine-report-46.png ), 
  i find it hilarious too , but it has to be said that it cuts both ways . 
  i 've seen a lot of people over at / r/the _ donald that had foreign flairs . 
  you might want to rethink the whole ** x ** is a enemy nation because some of its presumed citizens are trolling over politics thing ... 
  the whole nationalist-populist thing is actually quite bizarrely international after all ... 
  the advantage in total aggregate gdp amounts for less of an advantage when less of it is geared towards defense , and when there are large differences in purchasing power . 
  russian soldiers work for lower wages , and their arms are likewise sold to their government for a cheaper price than most equivalent equipment in nato countries . 
  and then there are even qualitative differences because russian r&d and procurement budgets have been proportionately larger , resulting in faster modernization of various arms . 
  you can look at the t-14 armata and the su-35 as two examples of this , while many nato countries lack armored formations , and if they have them they almost all utilize last generation modals , and many nato member 's air forces use f-16s , and not even f-22s or typhoons . 
  mad is a specific scenario when both sides have nuclear armaments of a sufficient quantity and capability and choose to use them them to the fullest extent that they can . 
  lower level nuclear exchanges can still realistically happen without * necessarily * escalating . 
  for example , a eye for an eye strategy where if your side loses a city , its second strike will target only one city of the enemy 's in order to make it known that you ca n't be intimidated . 
  mad of some 200-300 detonations might be enough to trigger doomsday scenarios ( ~ -10 c average temperatures globally ) though , depending on the actual quantity and yields that are involved . 
  wrong . 
  romania as of 2016 spent approximately 1.48 % of gdp on defense . 
  based off of what i 've seen regarding nato and generally about european defense , i do n't think the western europeans are thinking of any kind of proportional contributions in their idea of a european common defense . 
  wrong . 
  the nat mentions no such things . 
  [ read it yourself . 
  ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_17120.htm ), 
  conventional deterrence is a thing . 
  nuclear deterrence alone only works if the other state does n't have it 's own nuclear deterrence . 
  when both sides do , it comes down squarely to conventional forces . 
  what if my country were to drop spending on its military to less than 1 % of gdp ? 
  you can approach this question from the opposite direction , and wonder why there is n't anything that 's stopping even further degradation of nato 's ability to offer a realistic conventional deterrent . 
  the reason for a minimum contribution clause is that already many member 's militaries even for their size are barely functioning . 
  the reason for it being proportional is so it is fair . 
  nobody expects estonia to contribute as much as france and nobody expects france to contribute as much as america . 
  but we can all contribute at least * some amount * that is not detrimental to our economies and * collectively * offers real deterrence . 
  if flat requirements were put in place then the bar would have to set low enough for the smallest and economically weakest countries to be able to meet it , which would n't fix anything . 
   ethnic cleansing usually means you kill off a group of people you dislike . 
  obviously i wo n't support that , but deportation is fine . 
  no , it also means forcing out peoples from their lands on a ethnic basis . 
  not just killing them , but any act which removes them . 
  [ see here for details . 
  ] ( https://definitions.uslegal.com/e/ethnic-cleansing/ )  czechs already did it in 1948 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bene%c5%a1_decrees yeah , and if you 're not at least a little ashamed for your country persecuting civilians in peace time , then you are a monster . 
   with enough pressure and financial help they 'll do it . 
  to be blunt , i 'm getting the feeling you do n't know anything about the history and politics of this region . 
  the hashemite monarchy of jordan would loose authority in this scenario and would collapse . 
   that route will eventually be shut off completely , so it wo n't be an option . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  the border is increasingly being policed , but by international law and the treaties every european country have signed , * they have to let the refugees in * . 
  you can deport those who do n't petition for asylum and those that have their status denied , but you simply can not deport these hypothetical palestinians . 
  they 'll have an utterly air tight case for asylum in this scenario . 
  any one of them would be getting in if they want to , period . 
  ethnic cleansing is not `` solution '' anyone should be supporting . 
  do you really want this to become some kind of international norm ? 
  it could be you czechs in the future who are on the receiving end in such a world . 
  and this is even ignoring the sheer lunacy of thinking that all of jordan wants them or will give the citizenship , and that they will stay there , and not flee to europe as refugees , which would be a a very ironic consequence considering its mostly ashkanazi and sephards who would be banishing them from the region ... 
  i 'm well aware that an amended treaty would have to be re-ratified to take effect . 
  i just hope this can be sorted out before situations emerge that would have necessitated the change yesterday ... 
  you ca n't defend your country in another country 's land . 
  the last invasion was in 1973 . 
  everything that has come later has been domestic uprisings from the captive populace that israel has annexed , or israeli invasions and interventions abroad ( whether you think any of them were justified or not ) . 
  the idea that israel is still under some kind of siege is misguided at best . 
  they 've had two full generations now without any state actor or real army threaten them . 
  make sure to get some caramel coated popcorn . 
  it 's the best . 
  which is something that needs to change . 
  a minimum proportional contribution clause should be amended to the nat . 
  if a lot of the members shirk the agreement again , i do n't see the organization surviving as is long term . 
  we have a free press , so it does n't matter what they say officially . 
  there is no propaganda opportunity to be had for them here . 
  you can just look at how little impact any official statements from the obama administration had over the general populace 's views on things . 
  they talked about unending job growth quarter after quarter and * both * the left and the right produced people like trump and sanders . 
  when even american jews largely have less than favorable views of israel 's policies , there is nothing that can salvage the country 's image . 
  these are people that can and do go there for free on the dime of various organizations , and what you get is :  at the same time , many american jews express reservations about israel 's approach to the peace process . 
  just 38 % say the israeli government is making a sincere effort to establish peace with the palestinians . 
  ( fewer still -- 12 % -- think palestinian leaders are sincerely seeking peace with israel . ), 
  and just 17 % of american jews think the continued building of settlements in the west bank is helpful to israel 's security ; 44 % say that settlement construction hurts israel 's own security interests . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2013/10/01/jewish-american-beliefs-attitudes-culture-survey/ trump 's hand in this will taint the image of israel in addition to all the self harm they are causing to themselves . 
  literally the richest country in the world ^ ^ per ^ ^ capita even ... 
  there 's no enforcement mechanism , so there 's no direct consequence for not meeting it . 
  however , it was agreed to by every member in 2002 and again in 2014 . 
  it 's going to happen . 
  my country will no longer protect them diplomatically long term . 
  we 'll recognize that they are in fact the north korea to our china . 
  when that happens , they will have nothing . 
  trump 's four years are an aberration , [ but israel is treating it as a chance to do whatever they want . 
  ] ( http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/223664 ) when the ride ends , they will not be able to undo it all . 
  they 'll still be deeply entrenched in the west bank , and that will lead to the first sanctions on israel proper , and not just on the their colonies in palestine ... 
  is that the real reason , or are you just being silly ? 
  i seriously do n't know , but would like to . 
  out of curiosity , does anyone know if the red symbolizes something , or if the choice for eu member state passports to use it was just random outside of wanting uniformity of some kind ?
