  and trump would n't be the first president to try to do so . 
  obama had his `` reset '' policy , and bush actually did largely execute a successful policy of cooperation with the megatons to megawatts treaty and negotiated passage and resupply to american troops in afghanistan . 
  and america will be far from the only western country to at least try to have a degree of friendly relations with russia . 
  hell , nordstream ii is being negotiated right now as well , right ? 
  yep . 
  they 'd be a glorified coast guard , with significantly higher maintenance . 
  modern warships are essentially missile platforms . 
  without that capability they are useless in combat . 
  this is n't the first major cut to the british navy in terms of modern capabilities . 
  the two new elizabeth class carriers use stovl because they did n't want to pony up for catobor . 
  they were already getting ww2 cvs , why not ww2 screens for them as well ? 
  :p it 's an absolute embarrassment . 
  will the real president please stand up ? 
  yep . 
  the vast majority have these priorities when voting : 1 ) economy 2 ) social policy 3 ) foreign policy it 's at the bottom of the list . 
  i do n't agree with all his policies , or even expect that he wo n't flip flop on this stuff , but it 's hard to articulate how good it feels to have a president who says he 's willing to disentangle us from all this bullshit . 
  the weight of the world is heavy , man . 
  it 's us calling your bluff . 
  influence means jack shit to any american voter . 
  that 's why trump was elected . 
  we want bridges and roads here . 
  not barracks and missile batteries abroad , let alone in countries that wo n't even defend themselves . 
  economy , culture , and fucking philosophy did n't liberate the kuwaitis . 
  it 's not only about europe . 
  nato is n't just about europe , it does n't just exist to serve european strategic needs . 
  we exist too !, 
  at this point , europe is completely incapable of defending us if we needed it . 
  why should we bother to defend europe so long as that 's true ? 
  i 've said this before on threads about similar articles , but there is no mutuality to the so called `` mutual defense '' . 
  sold , not given . 
  that 's something every major industrial country is guilty of , and no one sees the future . 
  i 'm not arguing it should be followed * only * because we all agreed to it . 
  it 's to make sure that nato can defend itself without relying on one or a few countries . 
  why in the hell should my country even be a part of this anymore otherwise ?? 
  we 're putting our own people in harms way for rich countries that can defend themselves but refuse to . 
  yes , the 2 % of gdp was never legally binding . 
  it was still agreed to by every member twice now . 
  the first time in 2002 and again [ in 2014 in the wales summit ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_112964.htm ) ( see memorandum item 14 ) , because most members flaunted the agreement the first time . 
  is this whataboutism , or are you saying libya happened because of the islamic state of iraq and syria ? 
  the former would be childish and still ignoring the many instances of interventionism that france has done , even unilaterally including mali . 
  the latter would be misinformed , isis was not involved in libya during the intervention . 
  an intervention again , that france pushed for . 
  it goes both ways . 
  the anti war movement of the bush years ' silence during the obama administration was absolutely deafening . 
  it 's all red team vs blue team bullshit talking points , and this is why so many people are disillusioned . 
  i know it 's not . 
  it was just a retort to the title `` pax germanica '' . 
  it was n't a judgment over your noninterventionism . 
  only a comment on the capability for it . 
  poland and estonia meet the threshold . 
  not latvia and lithuania . 
  lithuania is on the way though , but it may still take many years for them to meet the minimum . 
  what i 'm talking about though , is nato * as a whole * pissing our government off enough to leave it . 
  most americans see it as a charity case anyway . 
  we could activate article 13 anytime , and only the neocons would object strongly . 
  i do n't agree that defending the baltics is in our interest though . 
  i maybe could stomach a pan western argument , but it feels like we are being lied to and conned . 
  i agree on all points . 
  germany has no excuse . 
  they 've had years of budget surpluses . 
  they should n't have agreed to the 2 % of gdp number if they never intended to follow it . 
  the way it 's looking right now , either europe picks up their slack , or the baltics might get a visit from the little green men . 
  i think we 're good here in north america . 
   the `` spend more '' side does n't have an actual goal . 
  it 's just an appeasing tactic to please the americans . 
  it 's to be compliant with an agreement that everyone made , but most are flaunting . 
  it 's a minimum so that the resources are there for everyone . 
  without a minimum there is nothing keeping people from spending nothing or close to it . 
  and at this point , it 's also to `` appease '' poland and estonia as well ( and lithuania and latvia , but they are are still in the hypocrites corner for now ) . 
  just like it can enforce budget and trade surpluses and deficits ? 
  the largest voices in the eu have intentionally been under funding their militaries ( france and germany ) . 
  will they really be forced to spend more when they and most of the eu are in the same boat ? 
  well , co \u2082 per kwh would have the advantage of incentivizing efficiency , as in getting more with using less . 
  i wonder if any environmental economists have looked at that . 
   finally , the court does n't have the power to overturn it 's own rulings . 
  not exactly . 
  they need a case that meets a degree of similarity with a past case which produced a ruling over how an existent law is to apply to a situation in ether isolation or in general . 
  in the case of gay marriage , it would be [ obergefell v. hodges ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/obergefell_v._hodges ) where the supreme court ruled on the 14th amendment 's application to gay marriage . 
  the court has pretty much * never * overturned an older ruling that is newish ( like within 20 years ) though . 
  add that to trump saying that gay marriage is a settled issue and he respects the court 's ruling , and we can hopefully assume it 's not going anyway anytime soon . 
  and how will the german military repel the occupation and annexation of future kuwaits ? 
  what possible deterrence can it offer internationally ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to get across to me . 
  could you rephrase it ? 
  here 's what i 'm getting at : states | population ( 2015 ) | electoral votes | ratio -- | -- | -- | -- vermont | 626,042 | 3 | 208,680:1 alaska | 738,432 | 3 | 246,144:1 ohio | 11,613,423 | 18 | 645,190:1 florida | 20,271,272 | 29 | 699,009:1 an ohioan counts 1/3 as much as a vermonter in this system . 
  the republicans get most of the smaller states , because they are more rural and the republicans ' policies are seen as better for the rural population ( lack of guns in alaska would be literally an endangerment to their lives due to the wild animals like bears ) . 
  with this , they can lose the popular vote , but win the election . 
  the big `` purple '' states are disproportionately underrepresented , but because all the other states are seen as reliable , they are the big prizes that are up for grabs . 
  you need them , and you do n't want the other side to get them . 
  the other states have already decided who to vote for 90 % of the time . 
  exceptions can happen , like when a republican candidate 's policies can be seen to be helpful for certain classes , like say protectionism and tariffs for the manufacturing sector in wisconsin and michigan . 
  is this a good system ? 
  that 's another question . 
  but both sides agree to it , and it does discourage secession from the small states while still offering something to the big states . 
  it actually is doing what its supposed to . 
  this is the results of [ the connecticut compromise of the constitutional convention of 1787 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/connecticut_compromise ) the number of presidential electors are capped at the number of congressional seats , hence the skewed distribution of electoral votes . 
  if we ever want to switch to a popular vote system , we have to be very sure that we wo n't ignore the least populated areas !, 
  and the government might ignore them if they do n't matter . 
  rigged in the favor of lesser populated states actually .
