  things wo n't be great because in the past things worked out up to this point . 
   and his opponent who earned millions from her and her husbands position and from foreign powers did ? 
  do you have proof of this ? 
  she released all her tax returns , so it should be easy to prove . 
   moreover , trump is pretty much the opposite of what us democracy used to be ... smoked filled rooms where party leaders made the choice of the next president . 
  meanwhile he 's at mar a lago again making backroom deals and golfing . 
  indeed . 
  [ at least there 's a bit of patch in the works that might one day be hopefully realized . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_popular_vote_interstate_compact ) i agree however that the problems are fundamentally structural and systemic , and it requires numerous constitutional changes to really address them . 
   so far trump has been less authoritarian than the last few presidents we 've had . 
   yeah he shouts a lot at the other branches of government , but he is yet to completely step over them . 
  the travel ban is the best example . 
  trump makes the order and the courts stop it . 
  i bet every penny i got obama would go straight to the supreme court and secure more power for the executive branch . 
  trump instead revised the order and it was struck down again , and he still has n't gotten the supreme court involved . 
  this is a healthy balance of power , just with a lot of reality tv drama . 
  i 'd vehemently disagree that obama was ever in any way authoritarian . 
  he respected the separation of powers , and even when he very much disagreed with judicial decisions on the executive or on legislation , he never undercut them or raised up public fury at the judiciary * as an institution * ( !!! ) . 
  what you should understand is that the reason why trump did n't go to the supreme court over the first eo is that he knew the appellate decision would be upheld . 
  even if the sc voted only on party line , it would have still resulted in a 4-4 vote , that would then defer to the previous judgement of the district court where the case came from . 
  with gorsuch things can be very different in the future for cases which are heavily politicized . 
  just to spell it out , him rewriting another eo , which fundamentally amounted to the older one that was struck down , * is not * a sign of any due leeway being given to the judiciary . 
  it 's a sign of wanting as many do-overs as he needs to get his way . 
  what will happen over the course of the next few years as he appoints more and more judicial nominees to the federal courts at all levels ? 
  he 's not a constitutional law professor like obama was . 
  he does n't understand what objective criteria makes a good judge or not . 
  his choices will be selected to compromise for his personal unconstitutional campaign promises , not specifically for their merit as jurists . 
   trump has a lot of ability to ignore the legislative body and do what he wants ( thank obama , bush jr , clinton , and bush ) but he does n't do so . 
  he ordered an attack on the syrian military . 
  where is the congressional authorization of force bill against that country ? 
  obama actually sought authorization when he wanted to do the same thing in 2013 , but got a last second trilateral deal put together at the last second to get syria to dispose of their chemical weapons in exchange for no us intervention . 
  i 'd just like to remind you putin lost a lot of his early battles and for the first few years was actually a very controversial figure . 
  nothing like in the 2004 election where he won by ~ 60 % of the vote . 
  the russian people protested like mad over the proposals to end the old soviet healthcare system . 
  they won that battle , but their fledgling free press was curtailed without much fanfare . 
  then the 3 year long process to subvert and cow the governmental institutions occurred , this time with some notice , but by then it was harder to publicize the facts . 
  this is why panic is well deserved for any brazen rhetoric over ending a free press . 
  i mean , we were founded by revolutionaries who were classically educated and [ wanted to emulate the roman republic . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/us_capitol_east_side.jpg ) the articles of confederation and the later constitution were both made with eyes to the causes of the decline and dissolution of past republics . 
  we have no one to blame but ourselves for any comparisons . 
  it 's not even theoretical . 
  he just accepted trademarks from china after killing the tpp ( emoluments ) and he never sought authorization for use of force against syria ( congress has ultimate warmaking authority ) . 
  do n't ever get complacent about this . 
  just assume the institutions are on life support and act accordingly . 
  until the government has been ridden of every corrupt oligarch who dares to agree that the free press `` are the enemy of the american people '' , the danger has not passed . 
  just because trump is personally incompetent should not make you feel placated or less worried . 
  not that i 'm defending the stupid and utterly reckless decisions of bush ii 's administration or the current one , but realistically speaking , it would still be a hotbed for foreign powers to come in and secure their oil interests whether without the us or not . 
  russia , france , britain , and opec are all power players and brokers in the region , and they 're being joined by china . 
  when it comes down to it , i think the failure to form a unified arab state has had severe repercussions for the people there . 
  unfortunately , france and britian 's divide-and-conquer border drawing aside , it was probably always a bit of a pipe dream . 
  [ melon-chan is my waifu ~ ~ ] ( http://pre00.deviantart.net/9809/th/pre/i/2013/188/0/9/ca__melon_chan_by_tenshilove-d6cc7a0.png ), 
  same for other three countries on the list , although i think they all get a bit of a boost from being fellow western countries anyway . 
  much of it i believe is irrational , especially from the left side of the equation that 's still trapped in the `` anti-imperialist '' world view from the first cold war , but in this case the distrust is absolutely warranted and deserved . 
  trump is a know nothing demagogue who 's in cahoots with a state they do n't trust either , and he 's flip flopping on everything , so i 'd ask why should anyone there in germany view the us as a reliable partner right now ? 
  i do n't honestly think they should . 
  i think the immense cultural and historical ties that we all share as western countries will help fix relations at some point down the road , but for now the damage is done , and i do n't blame anyone for distrusting our government . 
  * i do n't trust our government right now * . 
  it 's a clown car of incompetence and malice , far more beholden to private interests both domestic and foreign than it is to the people . 
  meanwhile in realityland , [ the president is under active fbi and congressional investigations for collusion with russia in subverting the election . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2dprmgbtl8 ) hardly propaganda at all . 
  [ his corrupt connections are extensive . 
  ] ( http://www.trbimg.com/img-58c1a4f4/turbine/la-pol-ca-swalwell-map-of-trump-s-ties-to-russia-20170309 ), 
  he even told putin * before * he told congress , despite the fact that the constitution says that a president needs congressional authorization for military action ... 
  just like mexico denied being threatened with being invaded in nieto 's conversation with trump , despite the fact that the transcript of the conversation was leaked to reporters , this could be germany denying the event to save face for our country because they value the relationship enough to keep it more stable for future administrations . 
  exactly . 
  people like the above are the kind of people who would seriously wonder how they got to 1945 despite living all the proceeding years when it was still talk . 
  to quote masha gessen 's [ autocracy : rules for survival ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/daily/2016/11/10/trump-election-autocracy-rules-for-survival/ ) :  rule # 1 : * believe the autocrat * . 
  he means what he says . 
  whenever you find yourself thinking , or hear others claiming , that he is exaggerating , that is our innate tendency to reach for a rationalization . 
  this will happen often : humans seem to have evolved to practice denial when confronted publicly with the unacceptable . 
  back in the 1930s , the new york times assured its readers that hitler 's anti-semitism was all posture . 
  more recently , the same newspaper made a telling choice between two statements made by putin 's press secretary dmitry peskov following a police crackdown on protesters in moscow : `` the police acted mildly -- i would have liked them to act more harshly '' rather than those protesters ' `` liver should have been spread all over the pavement . '' perhaps the journalists could not believe their ears . 
  but they should -- both in the russian case , and in the american one . 
  for all the admiration trump has expressed for putin , the two men are very different ; if anything , there is even more reason to listen to everything trump has said . 
  he has no political establishment into which to fold himself following the campaign , and therefore no reason to shed his campaign rhetoric . 
  on the contrary : it is now the establishment that is rushing to accommodate him -- from the president , who met with him at the white house on thursday , to the leaders of the republican party , who are discarding their long-held scruples to embrace his radical positions . 
   he has received the support he needed to win , and the adulation he craves , precisely because of his outrageous threats . 
  trump rally crowds have chanted `` lock her up ! '' they , and he , meant every word . 
  if trump does not go after hillary clinton on his first day in office , if he instead focuses , as his acceptance speech indicated he might , on the unifying project of investing in infrastructure ( which , not coincidentally , would provide an instant opportunity to reward his cronies and himself ) , it will be foolish to breathe a sigh of relief . 
  trump has made his plans clear , and he has made a compact with his voters to carry them out . 
  these plans include not only dismantling legislation such as obamacare but also doing away with judicial restraint -- and , yes , punishing opponents . 
   to begin jailing his political opponents , or just one opponent , trump will begin by trying to capture members of the judicial system . 
  observers and even activists functioning in the normal-election mode are fixated on the supreme court as the site of the highest-risk impending trump appointment . 
  there is little doubt that trump will appoint someone who will cause the court to veer to the right ; there is also the risk that it might be someone who will wreak havoc with the very culture of the high court . 
  and since trump plans to use the judicial system to carry out his political vendettas , his pick for attorney general will be no less important . 
  imagine former new york mayor rudy giuliani or new jersey governor chris christie going after hillary clinton on orders from president trump ; quite aside from their approach to issues such as the geneva conventions , the use of police powers , criminal justice reforms , and other urgent concerns . 
  it always starts out with rhetoric . 
  then it becomes action , if they can pull it off and get away with it . 
  you 're calling it too early . 
  [ the intent is clearly there . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/832708293516632065 ), 
   as demonstrated by the failure of trump 's healthcare bill and the struggle for tax reform or essentially any other big measures , it works . 
  none of that is because of the constitution at all . 
  acha failed to pass because the republican party was split and could n't whip up the votes they needed in the house . 
  most of the the far right freedom caucus wanted more cuts , and the more moderate tuesday group was afraid of being booted from their seats if it went through . 
  like most federal subsidy programs , the aca has an outsized benefit to the poorer red states . 
  for example , +20 % of kentuckians now have health insurance only thanks to it , and compare that with the aca is being responsible for a ~ 10 % bump nationwide . 
  this is why so many of representatives from those states are afraid to actually make good on their 6 year long bluff that they will get rid of the aca . 
  we 'll see what happens with tax `` reform '' going forward . 
  i think it 's actually very likely they will be able to lessen taxes on the rich at the expense of the poor , though .
