  he 's not his government . 
  just sayin ' . 
  you ca n't say their wishes were ignored . 
  they were factored into the national decision . 
  if they want sole sovereignty they need to be independent , and luckily for those that want that , the uk lets its subnational administrative units decide on that . 
  there will be future referendums , and they 'll get to decide again . 
  i can tell that you have sympathy for the pro eu scots , and so do i to a degree , but the idea that it being unfortunate that democracy was used , is something i frankly find abhorrent . 
  the price for oil has completely collapsed , and who knows when it will spike back up . 
  i 'd hazard to guess that most of the deep water north sea wells are not profitable right now . 
  and in addition , many of them are about tapped out . 
  the boom years are truly over . 
  it 's not the kind of asset that it was , and it may never amount to much again . 
  and yeah , i could easily see a hypothetical independent scotland getting some kind of association and customs agreement . 
  i just do n't see them completing all the acquis chapters for a long ass time , with the financial criteria being the most difficult to satisfy . 
  by known counts yes , but there is the chance that china and israel could have more . 
  both programs are top secret and the estimates of their capabilities are best guesses . 
  [ this article ] ( http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/0096340215591247 ) might give you a sense for what processes go into such estimations . 
  you can see a general overview for all countries [ here . 
  ] ( https://fas.org/issues/nuclear-weapons/status-world-nuclear-forces/ ) it 's worth mentioning though , that france 's stockpile of ~ 300 warheads is missing a land based missile delivery system , so the relative place in rankings should n't be construed as a some kind of lead . 
  road based vehicle launching platforms certainly have their place , since they can constantly and quickly move in a crisis situation , making it harder to eliminate those assets and reduce a country 's ability to successfully execute a second strike . 
  it 's not all it 's cracked up to be . 
  food trucks are everywhere here in la , but as soon as you find one you like , you 'll never find it again . 
   i 'm sorry for the scotts and i genuinely hope their future is as part of the eu , but it 's them that are part of an union where their opinion can be ignored . 
  they 've just had referendums on independence and leaving the eu . 
  that does n't sound like being ignored by their government to me . 
  heuvos rancheros con black pudding . 
  spain will veto their application if their independence is unilaterally declared , and that 's if they somehow meet the financial criteria . 
  they certainly would n't now if they were their own country . 
  i 'm pretty sure the eu does n't want another greece on its hands . 
  he took his job . 
  1930s kids will remember . 
  it 's what you get when you mix pride and pessimism . 
  just wait until the 20th . 
  there will be a thousand users more than willing to twist the knife . 
  all things being equal , this is rather tame so far . 
  it 's the key mistake that economists make in their predictions . 
  humans are n't always rational actors . 
   i mean the european/us rivalry is basically a luxury . 
  it 's also a completely unrequited rivalry . 
  it only exists in the paranoia of a certain subsect of french and german intellectuals . 
  i would n't say so at all . 
  if anything , it might be a sign of seriousness to reprioritize relationships with european countries . 
  most us ambassadors to allied countries are political appointments , since the jobs are relatively cushy and problem free . 
  it 's left to the charg\u00e9s d'affaires to do everything . 
  the decision to end political appointments for ambassadorships is something i could get behind , if they are really going to do it , which i do n't think they will . 
  just look how branstad was appointed to be the ambassador to china ... 
  ohh . 
  i get it now . 
  thanks . 
   furthermore do i think you overestimate russia 's military capabilities . 
  it has one aircraft carrier the eu without gb has 3 . 
  russia is no naval power . 
  they do n't try to be one . 
  they 're interest at sea is primarily in their submarine forces for their strategic nuclear deterrent and for interdiction . 
  they do however have a very effective and increasingly cutting edge air force , and a large army that is in the process of being modernized . 
  on land in air , they are very much dominant over the smattering of grossly underfunded european forces . 
   the eu 's military budget without the uk is 146.6 billion dollars . 
  russia 's is 66.4 billion dollars . 
  purchasing power matters a lot here . 
   most of russian military equipment consists of old soviet era equipment . 
  they are rapidly modernizing . 
  the su-35 and the t-14 armata are just a few prominent examples of it , but it also extends to more general weapon system upgrades as well . 
  and the same situation exists for most of the european countries . 
  they use a lot of older planes , vehicles , and ships and it shows . 
  what 's this about a custom 's union with turkey ? 
  is that really being talked about in the uk ? 
  back off , tex-mex is the original bastardization of the cuisine . 
  accept no substitutes . 
  you 're right of course , but iraq should n't be on that list . 
  the first iraq war was to liberate kuwait , and second was to overthrow a dictator and establish a democracy . 
  you can justifiably view this as misguided , but the motivations are consistent with what op expressed . 
  that one would be relatively easy . 
  the source code for reddit was released years ago . 
  there are already a number of copycat sites using it , such as voat . 
  and the slow disintegration of the universal internet continues . 
  a search engine with such a mandate will likely lead to extensive censorship and maybe even later protectionism of e-commerce . 
  punch that tree !, 
  that 's the stuff . 
  american translation : welcome to the baltic . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i thought bavaria was a net payer . 
  or was that sarcasm perhaps ? 
  `` state financial compensation/equalization '', 
  the president mainly does foreign policy . 
  it 's all you who are fucked by his election . 
  we 're still fucked because of congress though . 
  well , that and `` motti '' tactics , aka tactical encirclements with asymmetric warfare targeting of logistics assets . 
  although they obviously did n't lose . 
  they had an unprecedented pyrrhic victory . 
  i 'd imagine that the wine would freeze in the bottles . 
  you 'd want strong vodka instead . 
  either that , or you have to mull it yourself . 
  i would assess the chances as decent , if her opponent in the second round is fillon . 
  the french are not going to warm up to a self described thatcherite , so people should n't be too confident that he will be perceived as the lesser of two evils over le pen by enough of the voters . 
  and the fact that it is two niche policy regimes going against each other will depress the turn out , in all likelihood . 
  this will favor le pen at least slightly , since the actual catholic right wing in france is tiny and that 's about the only guaranteed group who will vote for fillon with absolute certainty . 
  the young may well favor le pen overall , among those who do end up voting . 
  fn victory is not guaranteed , but it is more likely than people may want to admit . 
  if i had to pull some numbers out of my ass , i would give it a 45 % chance of fn winning . 
  that 's my take .
