  pissing boy statue of brussels a marvel to behold . 
  it removes 80 % of human liquid waste . 
  it actually is n't . 
  any kind of expedited ascension process to the eu for a seceded scotland would require the unanimous support of the already existent eu members . 
  any coping strategy in life for anything that involves denial , is purely irresponsible . 
  nothing good has ever come from pretending that things are okay when they are n't . 
  burying your head in the sand will not change the facts on the ground . 
  authoritarian states develop to the point where it becomes dangerous to be a dissenter precisely because a critical mass of people lose their capacity for outrage . 
  if the people keep their heads down low , things only get worse and worse . 
  the people need to show up in the streets early in the backslide and they need to show up often , in order to arrest the situation as much as possible . 
  an individual ca n't do much , but many individuals can . 
  visible collective action is a necessity , and in order to be a part of that you have to stay motivated . 
  that 's why despair must be resisted . 
  how do you figure ? 
  why would the other countries then all want to leave ? 
  send a message to the mods with proposals for what to do , and when you see brigading that 's not being acted on . 
  they 're very responsive and active here . 
  france never had any special opt outs , so it 's not like there 's any permanent damage to leaving . 
  if it comes down to it and you do leave , you can rejoin quite easily at a later date . 
  maybe start thinking about fighting for that , and how you would do so . 
  in addition , if i 'm not mistaken , any attempts to leave would require a referendum no ? 
  if it 's actually le pen vs. melanchon , then you should start a pro eu campaign in your area , if that 's how you feel . 
  despair is a mistake . 
  i 'll point you to masha gessen 's [ autocracy : rules for survival ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/daily/2016/11/10/trump-election-autocracy-rules-for-survival/ ) : & nbsp ; ** rule 4 : be outraged . 
  ** `` if you follow rule # 1 and believe what the autocrat-elect is saying , you will not be surprised . 
  but in the face of the impulse to normalize , it is essential to maintain one 's capacity for shock . 
  this will lead people to call you unreasonable and hysterical , and to accuse you of overreacting . 
  it is no fun to be the only hysterical person in the room . 
  prepare yourself . '', 
  ** rule 6 : remember the future . 
  ** & nbsp ; the above work is made with the us in mind , but the rules themselves are universal . 
  so stay angry , because if you accept or become numb to injustice , you become a part of the problem ; a member of the masses whose acquiescence is necessary for the perpetuation of injustice . 
  and never forget that orban will pass . 
  no one lives forever , and all legacies can be undone . 
  there is always a future worth having , so stay angry so you can keep fighting for it . 
  because they could be unbiased and help not only the us but also the world by never playing favorites and holding everyone accountable , but instead they chose to help install an ally of the putin regime . 
  this hurts all the little people everywhere . 
  they know important shit , and they are complicit in having kept it locked away . 
  they 've helped bring in a lunatic that will hurt both americans and europeans , but also someone who is deranged and does n't believe in human rights and has and will slaughter civilians abroad . 
  nothing good comes of this for the world . 
  it only helps oligarchs become richer at the cost of lives and well being of the people . 
   despite the gravely negligent conduct . 
  the same conduct as condoliza rice , the preceding secretary of state . 
  private emails for government work in the dos was already an established practice when she was appointed and confirmed . 
  comey is a republican and he helped the republican party by taking part in the witch hunt against her . 
   why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for conspiring against sanders ? 
  i do n't know . 
  what law did they break ? 
   why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for accepting confidential debate questions from a cnn employee ? 
  i do n't know . 
  what law did they break ? 
   why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for staging fake protests against trump ? 
  i do n't know . 
  absolute propaganda and bullshit . 
  believe it or not , that traitor is fucking hated by a lot of people in the us . 
  of course is was always going to be protested . 
   why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for colluding with superpacs ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you ca n't `` collude '' with a political action committee . 
  donations from groups to campaigns is regulated by the fec but not illegal . 
  pacs and private funding has been ruled protected by the first amendment . 
   why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for having a journalist send his political piece to them for approval first , before his editor ? 
  i do n't know . 
  what law did they break ? 
   why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for telling msnbc what to cover and how ? 
  i do n't know . 
  first amendment bitch !, 
  msnbc covers what it wants . 
   why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for compiling a list on who might be appointed to federal boards and commissions from their donor list , and then the white house making a statement , how `` being a donor does not get you a role in this administration , nor does it preclude you from getting one . [ ... ] '' ? 
  i do n't know . 
  because yet again as with everything else you 've said , no law has been broken what so ever . 
  spoils appointments are legal . 
  ** you do n't know how anything fucking works in the us . 
  you just want the dnc to be litigated for no reason because you hate them . 
   i do n't remember the exact number , but it 's something like 90 % of them have health insurance . 
  which is overly expensive and does n't cover enough . 
  the reason the number is even that high is because of large federal subsidies , that for insane reasons are still controversial to this day . 
  the 2010 aca bill is responsible for insuring ~ 25 % of americans , and there 's been 60 + unsuccessful votes in congress over the years to repeal it . 
  the truth is that a lot of americans even if they have insurance still do n't go to the doctor when they have problems , because of the expense . 
  actually there is ( probably ) . 
  even for a country with such bad ratings in press freedom , there are some independent and anti government news services like [ novaya gazeta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/novaya_gazeta ) and [ the moscow times ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_moscow_times ) . 
  the mainstream us press and media barely mentions the eu , let alone makes wild proclamations about it . 
  it 's not relevant to american 's highly insular worldview . 
  you may see some blogs here or there or some wannabe news sites which peddle spin and lies do that , but the newspapers and the cable news is 95 % domestic stuff . 
  5 day old account . 
  when you have your [ own show on state propaganda media ] ( https://www.rt.com/tags/the-julian-assange-show/ ) , you 're never independent . 
  you 're a part of an agenda . 
  at the risk of being an edgelord for posting an anonymous video , i 'd recommend you give [ this a look . 
  ] ( https://www.rt.com/tags/the-julian-assange-show/ ) wikileaks may have not always been what it is now . 
  talking about some random imf fuckup in a conversation about the dnc . 
  complete and transparent misdirection !, 
  and then you muddy the waters . 
  the clinton email `` scandal '' had * nothing * to do with the dnc . 
  her email server was her own . 
  and the fbi cleared her of any wrong doing after investigating the issue , that was only brought up because of asinine partisan politics . 
  misdirection and muddying the waters are classic shill strategies . 
  you 're either that or a useful idiot . 
  [ and there 's a reason for all of that . 
  ] ( https://whois.domaintools.com/141.105.65.113 ), 
   if the leaks are from russian hackers , then it 's still not wikileaks fault russians are n't hacking gop .
