  i would encourage you though to actually check out that user 's account history . 
  i think you 'd agree with my assessment . 
  all that is well and true , but such institutions ' main job is counterespionage . 
  overseeing as puppet or at least someone who is not 100 % loyal to the nation takes such an office , is not something they will do so easily . 
  whataboutism . 
  we 're talking about probable russian influence . 
  you 're probably not wrong , but it 's a red herring . 
  for them it might not matter . 
  other parties can just agree to form a grand coalition . 
  it sounds like your problem with what i said , was that you read absolute certainty into it in the first place . 
  do n't get so caught up in the wording , and focus more on the underlying points . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  we should n't dismiss it out of hand . 
  the dgse is announcing this because they have something to work with . 
  proof does not mean a close shut case necessarily , obviously . 
  what i 'm saying is that the idea that they are lying about this and have nothing to go on , is baseless speculation . 
  they * could * be wrong , but they could also be right , and it is not good to dismiss anything out of hand . 
  i can understand taking the announcement with a grain of salt on account of not being privy to the classified information . 
  but not with a mountain of salt . 
  it should n't be dismissed out of hand , just because some other agencies have in the past lied . 
  whataboutism . 
  that was n't the dgse . 
  these days suspicion is a kind of sanity . 
  and forking a conversation into delegitimizing a poster is a secondary tactic , which only helps to confirm what you are . 
  i 'm only saying that for the benefit of everyone else here who is normal . 
  this guy is following a old playbook . 
  some of them are real people , and some of them are not . 
  it 's good to go and look at the account age and the comment history . 
  it will help you sort out who is a shill or not . 
  it 's useless to argue with a shill , but for the real people with long comment histories with comments in many kinds of subeditors including those that have nothing to do with politics , it 's pretty damn necessary to be able to set them down and have real conversations . 
  in many cases it can be somewhat fruitful . 
  you can depolarize people by talking to them non judgmentally . 
  just have incontrovertibly factual responses when they say things that are propaganda-y . 
  the proof is classified of course , in order to protect key sources , but it 's worth heeding the announcement . 
  they do n't have anything to gain by making it , and they are a professional organization . 
  not sway , as in win guaranteedly , but influence through foreign money and propaganda . 
  not `` reds '' as in communists . 
  the suspected foreign money and propaganda is helping populist-nationalists , so it is on the other side of the spectrum . 
  it would do them good to be able to engage in dialogue here , instead of being in a echo chamber all the time . 
  opinions can change of course , but propaganda can push it along further by exaggerating or even lying . 
  that is a danger in any democracy . 
  their intelligence service would n't be announcing this unless they had some proof . 
  obviously that is classified , but it should n't be dismissed out of hand . 
  1 ) liberals are not very popular in france . 
  and their current president is a socialist , not a liberal . 
  2 ) they would n't be announcing this unless they had some proof . 
  obviously that is classified , but it should n't be dismissed out of hand . 
  yep . 
  the way to * not * convince people is to insult them . 
  they will stop listening . 
  that 's a red herring . 
  obviously they are not talking about illegal voting . 
  they are talking about foreign funding and propaganda . 
  power . 
  also i heard about alexander navalny . 
  the recent ruling must cut you deeply . 
  \\  `` leftist '' \\  talking about french state security and intelligence services do you think france is a communist one party state or something ? 
  they would n't be announcing this unless they at least had some proof , classified though it may be . 
  usually state security and intelligence services are extremely professional and highly patriotic . 
  you should n't assume that this is necessarily all politics . 
  they would n't have made this announcement with literally zero proof . 
  yes , but obviously the hard proof is classified , and only those with security clearances will see it . 
  also lol at `` liberal media '' . 
  even conservative media has been reporting these stories . 
  4 year old account , first comment was 8 hours ago . 
  and this is a propaganda filled rant . 
  total shill . 
  i hope none of you normal folks upvoted this . 
  this is a shill account . 
  it is 4 months old and only has a handful of comments starting only 2 months ago . 
  be on the lookout for these things . 
  r/europe is clearly being heavily targeted . 
  i 'm honestly beginning to really appreciate the german concept of streitbare demokratie . 
  in an age of sock puppet accounts and reputation management firms going political , it 's badly needed . 
  i wish my country did . 
  in this case , i think they did their jobs . 
  the republicans in congress are getting all the policies they want rubber stamped , so they are looking the other way . 
  they probably think they are the ones with the leverage , but they are playing a very dangerous game . 
  the propaganda apparatus can successfully turn on them in time , even if they are playing ball . 
  clearly there is proof , or else the dgse would not be announcing this . 
  it just may take some time for it to become declassified . 
  i 've never seen a shill account this old , which was only activated this soon . 
  and this is only the third bigs account ? 
  your company must have been in the game for a half decade . 
  it took you 8 months to go through the other 25 alek accounts ? 
  i 'm impressed with you shills . 
  i 'd just like to say that americans do n't vote over foreign policy . 
  domestic policies are what decide elections . 
  that being said you should neither give up on us , nor should you act as though we have your best interest in mind , while the current administration is in place . 
  there are many people still there in the lower tiers of the bureaucracy who value good relations with the eu and european countries , and there are also some at the top who are not yes men and are acting independently to try and preserve it until the current administration ends . 
  people such as mccain and mattis . 
  write your representatives to 100 % exclude the us from all diplomatic dealings * until * the current administration ends . 
  argue on the side of waiting it out , but until then be cautious . 
  `` western tears , lmao '' probably the saddest thing about it all is that it was ecuador that saved his ass . 
  they are one of the most left leaning countries in all of the americas , and they saved a man who is now conspiring to spread right wing nationalist-populist regimes where ever he can . 
  all of this probably just to spite my country over bad memories from the early 20th century ... 
  their goal is n't to win a majority of the vote . 
  they just want to bump up the afd , so they can enter the bundestag in a large number . 
  from there they will perform many stunts that can be propagandized . 
  some germans actually follow russian media though .
