because they are the regional counterbalance to iran , who also exports terrorism and treats their citizens horribly , but who in turn is supported by russia . 
  sadly , i think the calculus is that simple . 
  if only the un had actual teeth to keep us squabbling countries from doing this shit . 
  a lot of the history has been adversarial . 
  they 're still a monarchy with a state religion , and i could n't be more happy that we seceded from them . 
  culture ties are somewhat debatable as well , i think . 
  the first time the 2 % of gdp target was agreed upon was 2002 , i believe . 
  are there any binding mechanisms this time around ? 
  edit : the context for this comment was a user attempting to argue that russia had not annexed crimea , arrogantly told me to learn the truth , and out of nowhere claimed that cnn and bbc were illegitimate sources for news . 
  basically [ `` where is the proofs . 
  '' ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/098/097/4db.png ) now he has deleted his comment . 
  would you consider a copy of the treaty between the russian federation , the republic of crimea , and the federal city of sevastopol affirming the accession of the latter two to the former , that was published by the official governmental news service \u041f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u043e ? 
  what do you want from me ? 
  to support people who dehumanize and hate me ?? 
  if so , then you do n't care about me at all , and you 're in no position to be telling me to put others ' concerns over my own . 
  i try to do right by everyone , and i wo n't be treated as a worthless tool for the benefit of others . 
  i voted for the right candidates . 
  it is not my fault that other people supported the two bigots . 
  i care very much about gay rights actually . 
  it 's just that between two bigots , i ca n't say that i would n't be celebrating either of their defeats . 
  i also absolutely do n't want to be sent to die by someone who dehumanizes me , so what 's a guy to do ? 
  this guy supported sanders and stein , and maybe one day the rest of the country will wake up from this red team vs blue team bullshit . 
  a man can dream . 
  :p no one has called me a bigot yet , and i 'm not . 
  you should n't assume so from a comment highlighting the bigotry of someone else . 
  `` mexico sends us their rapists '' trump is our president now , and i 'm not very happy about that either . 
  true . 
  still , i 'm just a little glad that `` women are the real victims of war '' clinton wo n't be the president . 
  if i had his job , i 'd be drinking too . 
  again , that is n't what i said . 
  as a hopefully final clarification , war crimes are not okay . 
  they may even deserve sanctions . 
  however , annexation of land is worse because of the big picture problem it presents . 
  without settled borders , you ca n't have peace . 
  a war between great power state actors will kill far more people than a isolated proxy war ever would or will , and it is for that reason that we desperately have to resist returning to an age of imperialism where races for power are pursued . 
  we should also resist countries tampering with the internal affairs of other countries , but it 's not as likely to have the same long term consequences . 
  i want that . 
  i hope we all as western countries can continue to cooperate and collaborate closely far into the future , even if we are less involved in your defense , which frankly will probably be good for us all . 
   idk why everyone started thinking like this in the past year . 
  i like paying a little extra to be the most powerful and influential country in the world . 
  influence does n't get you roads and canals . 
  it 's a zero sum game : toasters or bullets , and we should n't be allowing ourselves to fall behind in every way that matters to normal americans . 
  europe is wealthy . 
  they can pay their own way on defense , but they 've chosen not to up till this point . 
  leave us out of this `` anglosphere '' nonsense please . 
  it 's a bullshit classification . 
  most of us are n't even of british descent . 
  i 'd say about 3 years or so . 
  hysterical click bait titles work here because no one reads anything but the titles . 
  they do n't read the articles , and they do n't look into other sources . 
  i think a lot of the people who post such articles even know this themselves . 
  `` destroying a whole country '' is hyperbole . 
  the saudis are targeting the houthis in northern yemen . 
  the country was already in shambles since the arab spring and is split between the three main factions : the progovernment side , the iran aligned shia houthis in the north , and the international islamists in the eastern mountains . 
  why is annexation of land worse than a proxy war ? 
  because it 's a big step towards a return to a world of imperialism and conquest . 
  the world is quickly becoming multipolar again , and if it 's about spheres of influence and rivalries instead of international cooperation , * that matters * . 
  we do n't want the major powers to be in a race for power , or else a big war is inevitable , and a war between state actors will kill a lot more people than a mere regional proxy war . 
  settled borders are a key component of a peaceful age . 
  it matters that the saudis and iranians can arm and fight dissidents in other countries , but it does n't matter as much as \u043a\u0440\u044b\u043c \u043d\u0430\u0448 militants thinking that the new age of geopolitics is one of revanchism * that you can get away with * . 
  you have to stop hitler before the munich conference , or else he goes for more . 
  yes , that is what happened , and it makes it far more worrying because it 's a full step backwards into a world of great power games , conquest , and imperialism . 
  people keep putting words in my mouth , because they 're justifiably angry with saudi arabia . 
  i never said that there should n't be sanctions on saudi arabia necessarily . 
  the only thing i said was that russia 's invasion of ukraine is not the same as saudi arabia 's intervention in yemen . 
  it just is n't . 
  yeah , they 're conducting themselves atrociously against the houthis , but they did n't start the conflict and they are n't annexing any land . 
  iran and the islamists who are not saud aligned have just as much blame , imo . 
  i never said that it was okay , morally or otherwise . 
  just that starting a conflict is n't * the same * as intervening in one . 
  i think that starting a conflict for your own gain is far worse is all . 
  well , to be fair the fsa and many other early antigovernment factions were genuinely indigenous in origin . 
  the saudis and the qataris did start arming islamists later on though . 
  i never said that they were n't in yemen . 
  i obviously am aware that they are , because i actually said the opposite , hence them `` intervening in an ongoing conflict not of their making '' . 
   there 's no such thing as actual separatism in the united states . 
  this is n't actually true , but separatists are an extreme minority even in states with the most of them like vermont and texas . 
   both the u.k. and france have the political and economic wherewithal to create a powerful military . 
  it 's important to remember that they have n't though . 
  france has already been breaking their side of the nato agreement to spend 2 % of gdp on the military for years , and the uk narrowly stays within those targets with great opposition by many leaders in their country . 
  they may have the capacity , but they have n't demonstrated the will . 
  a lot of the public in those countries wants money spent on the military to go to other things . 
  and what 's more , the two countries themselves have a bad history of bilateral collaboration on arms procurement . 
  they failed to produce a joint aircraft carrier because of disagreements over catobor vs stovl . 
  their urban warfare infantry doctrines are incompatible . 
  france does n't even have a credible nuclear second strike capacity . 
  neither have sufficient airborne electronic warfare capacities , and many logistical holes exist in other areas . 
  the list of problems goes on ... 
  well , at least saudi arabia is n't officially claiming any part of yemen yet . 
  i think that that is a significant difference . 
  and what 's more , they did n't instigate an uprising against the yemeni government , but are instead intervening in an ongoing conflict not of their making . 
  it 's a stretch to compare it with crimea , donetsk , and luhansk . 
  another vote of support for / u/marktplatz . 
  he 's often a voice of reason . 
  why would him being president change anyone in finland 's opinion on defense ? 
  finland is n't in nato and it does n't have a bilateral treaty with the us for mutual defense or even support . 
  the us has no commitments whatsoever to aid you in the case of war , so the election results changes nothing for you guys . 
   sensible gun control instead of a total ban . 
  there is no such ban , and neither it or severe restrictions are desired by the majority of americans . 
  actually , the vacant seat on the supreme court was a driving force for some single issue voters on gun rights to vote * for * trump .
