  fascinating . 
  also how do you feel about the state of consumer protections in your country ? 
  sending military forces into a country without their government 's permission is n't an invasion ? 
  are you le pen ? 
   but that point aside , if hypothetically trump were to send a `` seal team six '' down to help the mexican government deal with a crimelord , would you say the us invaded mexico ? 
   because that is basically what he is proposing . 
  no , that is the interpretation you are imposing on what he said . 
  he never said anything about the scale of the incursion . 
  only that he would send the military down there . 
  and lets be real , if he were to do that , yes it would be an invasion , as it can not legally be sanctioned by their government , and it would have to involve a hell of a lot more personnel than a single squad , and it would n't be the seals , they 're navy special ops . 
  and we all laughed at that shit . 
  you should n't have the idea that we can be whipped up into * hatred * against most european countries just because of a few assholes in the media . 
  the associated press is n't a news outlet . 
  it 's a nonprofit cooperative of field journalists who supply the outlets with research and information . 
  take it from somebody who was highly critical of mainstream media for years before `` fake news '' was ever first uttered . 
  these guys are not political , they do n't care about money at all , and they do n't fuck around . 
  germans and possibly other countries over there have a custom of always keeping their hands visible during meals , and one of their arm rest positions is to have the elbows locked against the rim of the table . 
  it just looks awkward and bizarre to me . 
   there is n't really any legal way to fine vw as they did n't break any law . 
  they conformed to german law , and as such to the eu directive . 
  are you really going to tell me that germany does n't have fraud laws ? 
   edit : so he proposed to mexico that the us militairy could take out the crimelords in mexico , not invade mexico . 
  i do n't think you understand the implications . 
  their constitution does not allow foreign troops in their territory . 
  this is damage control for nieto 's image in mexico . 
  ap claims they 've got some of the transcript of the conversation , and i believe it . 
  they 're one of the few reliable journalist groups left in the us anymore . 
   [ `` you have a bunch of bad hombres down there , '' trump told pena nieto , according to the excerpt given to ap . 
  `` you are n't doing enough to stop them . 
  i think your military is scared . 
  our military is n't , so i just might send them down to take care of it . 
  '' ] ( http://time.com/4657474/donald-trump-enrique-pena-nieto-mexico-bad-hombres/ ), 
   and also the polish minority in the us voted trump . 
  start sending us your best , ok ? 
   all in the name of harming liberals wherever possible . 
  and it 's these kind of people that will * still * defend the man even after he 's signed away poland to the russian sphere . 
  i do n't know what else he would have to do to get 100 % affirmation to the poll question , after he already threatened to invade mexico and 1/3 of brits still think he 's not a `` threat to international stability '' . 
  that 's a special kind of dense . 
  warsaw needs more brest . 
  it 's obviously a rightful suburb . 
  okay everyone , show 's over . 
  back to europe . 
  and it 's a non sequitur whataboutism as well . 
  it has nothing to do with the australian call whatsoever . 
  to be honest i thought they were gon na wait for the french and dutch elections and then see if they could snag narva or something , but regime change works too i suppose ... 
  i 'm honestly wondering if this is related to the border controls that russia set up on their belorussian border . 
  also , poles of / r/europe , protest the us black sites you just allowed to reopen . 
  get em closed down before a false flag is carried out . 
  i 'm amazed that this number is n't higher . 
  [ some of them have been eased by executive order 13694 . 
  ] ( https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/ofac-enforcement/pages/20170202_33.aspx ), 
  germany is not out of the woods though . 
  they still have some economic inequality issues which can spill over into the politics of the country . 
  the cdu is n't loosing ground to both the spd and the afd for no reasons . 
   the trumpian far-right simply goes further and adds a love for authoritarianism and ** true nationalism ** into the mix most people are nationalistic here regardless of personal politics , and i have no idea what is even meant by `` true nationalism '' . 
  example is me , a lefty green supporter who is also nationalistic . 
   plus , this kind of movement always needs enemies , foreign and domestic , as scapegoats and focal points for hate . 
  that would be mexico and china . 
  they 're actually in the american conscience due to all the illegal immigrants and economic competition . 
  the eu is irrelevant culturally . 
  they could n't make it an enemy because senpai simply does n't notice it . 
  it 's as meaningful to americans as the east african community is for you i 'm sure . 
  they think it 's european nafta or something , if they 've even heard of it . 
  gag orders , hiring freeze , pulling grants , visa revocations , etc. 
  erdogan would jizz . 
  it 'll never happen though . 
  [ and he just signed an eo that removes fiduciary duties ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/efcdddf0-e186-11e6-8405-9e5580d6e5fb ) , so your gut feeling is spot on . 
  no wonder they do n't fear the people . 
  and obama tried to tell them that ... 
  the nobles host sex parties in the 18th century , and the stereotype never goes away . 
  well so far there are 3 injunctions against the order and one ruling supporting it ( boston , wtf ??? 
  ) , the administration is demanding a stay on injunctions ( this is basically illegal interference of the courts ) , so this is going to become a hilarious supreme court case once it makes it past the appellate courts . 
  the clusterfuck continues , but things are looking bad for legality of the eo , and some heads may end up rolling over it . 
  that being said , rule of law is still threatened with these rank ass amateurs bumbling through it all without sound council because they just want fucking yes men . 
  things could go bad if they continue to ignore court rulings . 
  lulz for the lol throne, 
  you 're misunderstanding what he said , and taking such a small snippet of his entire post out of any context . 
  specific actions of a liberal government \u2260 liberal values . 
  he 's trying to say that certain opinions are being unfairly marginalized and a propagandized narrative is being established , and it 's being done in the name of liberalism , but it is n't really liberal . 
  reread his post with that in mind , and maybe you will see it too . 
  read further down the comment chain . 
  it will be more obvious what i 'm getting at . 
  did you reply to the wrong comment ? 
  his does n't have the last edited asterisk . 
  saint britain died for your sins . 
  germany : build the bridge !, 
  seriously , are there any people who are in it for the karma ? 
  that 's like playing video games for score . 
  sounds familiar to be honest . 
  meme magic , man . 
  every time . 
  there were a lot of unemployed or loosely employed ex manual laborers that threw their lot in with him . 
  because these people can fall off the federal labor statistics with the labor participation rate voodoo , i 'm not sure if they 're being included . 
  i 'd have to look at the data sets , but obviously ai n't nobody got the time for that . 
  :p bare in mind , that i 'm not saying that trump supporters were less likely to be employed . 
  just that the methodology and parts of starting premise has some issues and complications . 
  you do n't understand . 
  you 're arguing with a one month old account and being lead to say shit . 
  psssst , you 're being tricked into saying that the left is okay with terrorists , which is utterly absurd . 
  i do n't think you 're being talked to with someone with good faith .
