  are n't most kurds pretty cool with the akp due to being more religious ? 
  he was . 
  there 's different nationalist factions in turkey , each with a separate ideology . 
  there are the islamic neoottoman supporters , secular kemalists , and the pan-turkic groups . 
  it was a facetious name for the state south of macedonia . 
  you really think japan will easily sign ftas that diminish their ability to be protectionist with domestic agriculture ? 
  it 's more of a sacred cow issue than in france . 
  okay , i can scale back the extent of my claim , but i do have to point out that it was in response to the us grid being compared to the third world , not the rest of the first . 
  the eu does n't have the balls to act in the two chinas reality that we live in . 
  the economic retaliation would be ferociaous , and expect westerners to be lynched in riots with the police turning blind eyes a l\u00e1 the 2012 senkaku/diaoyu dispute if that ever happened . 
  it 's hard to understate how much of a red line this would cross with the ccp . 
  they will never allow the nationalist backlash that would come if they ever gave up their claims to taiwan . 
  it would be the end of them . 
  and the fish and oil that 's in the eezs . 
  and the breathing room for forward deploying subs with strategic armaments . 
  if the rcep does n't protect ip , then you need to get your representatives in the diet to understand what damage that would do to your industries and how that would be fueling future competition as china moves up the value ladder , if they can successfully transition into a domestic consumer economy without going bankrupt first . 
  i think mcconnell just speaks his mind . 
  he 's certainly willing to call out trump on things he believes in : http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/307922-mcconnell-breaks-with-trump-on-flag-burning some policies picked off the top of my head : policy | my thoughts -- | -- removing regulations to ensure that insurance plans have to conform to state regulations . 
  | this is a mistake because it will lead to a race to the bottom , where the insurance companies will move to the states will the most lenient regulations , and be offering these inferior plans to everyone in the country . 
  this is particularly a problem because of the prevalence of employers being the one that provide the insurance for their employees . 
  they will likely cut costs with this , especially in larger corporations where they are beholden to stock holders . 
  renegotiating nafta . 
  | this is incredibly vague , but in principle it could very well be a good thing for both america and canada . 
  there are provisions in it that are no longer satisfactory for both countries . 
  for example , the canadian side pushed for export minimums on various raw resources like fuels , but the result may have been rising prices for consumers for things like heating . 
  they now regret pushing for this concession . 
  as long as we have some kind of fta with canada , i would be happy . 
  i think our economies can complement each other nicely . 
  mexico might be a weak link though . 
  although , that being said , they are n't happy with loosing agricultural jobs to us just like neither canada or america are happy about loosing manufacturing jobs to them . 
  detente with russia . 
  | i think this is possible but it will be difficult given the current political climate . 
  it 's a long shot , but i think it is desirable . 
  we gain nothing by pushing them farther into china 's sphere , and up until now , this has been politically impossible to stop because of our commitments with the european nations , of which they are the first to be breaking on dropping sanctions and returning to discuss projects like nordstream ii . 
  if the europeans are not serious about drawing a real red line in the sand , we should n't let the larger geopolitical situation deteriorate for their sake . 
  peace in asia is just as important as peace in europe . 
  whatever rhetoric you hear from the russian government , they understand that american and russian relations have to be trilateral with china in mind . 
  it 's been that way since the ussr-china border incident and nixon 's rapprochement with china . 
  and when will it ever be deemed safe in that system ? 
  endless studies have gone into it already , and none found any harmful effects , hence why all kinds of gmo foods have been ** approved ** by our fda . 
  what you 're talking about is n't even true . 
  we have a regulatory body which investigates the potential danger foods and drugs might pose to us consumers , using scientific research from labs and universities . 
  i only very rarely insult others , and try to only do so in retaliation for being insulted myself . 
  i just have n't got around to a proper response yet , if there 's anything i can think to add . 
  as for trump , the man flip flops on so much , it 's hard to even have a conversation about it . 
  there are some things in his platform i supported , but i have no idea if he ever meant any of it . 
  there were also * lots * i was against , but really it 's the same story . 
  no one over here really knows what 's going to happen . 
  if i had to guess right now , congress will reject him from the legislative process and if possible let him talk himself into low popularity so they can get away with impeaching him and getting pence in charge of the executive branch . 
  that would be a bad thing , because for everything trump is or is n't , there 's every reason to think that pence would make a worse president , even if he could work with congress and vice versa . 
  his history as governor of indiana is so far from stellar it 's not even funny . 
  you can read [ this for one local 's synopsis on his tenure ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/indiana/comments/4u6qfr/why_is_mike_pence_disliked_in_indiana/d5ng4e0/ ) . 
   uncontrolled gmos it 's never been shown to be deleterious to one 's health , and even disregarding that , they are still regulated by the fda . 
   frakking oil wells and pipelines everywhere , not everywhere , and this is infrastructure that a country has when it is selling oil to your country among others . 
   poinsonous water , i know you 're talking about flint , but 99 % of the us does not have this problem . 
  based on your entire comment , i ca n't assume that you do n't know this . 
   third-world country infrastructures ( electricity , railroad , internet grids ) . 
  wrong on every category . 
  [ at 1,710 million tons of freight per year ] ( http://uic.org/img/pdf/synopsis_2014.pdf ) , we have one the busiest commercial rail networks of any country . 
  on electricity , blackouts are almost unheard of , and the electrical socket output is reliable and regular . 
  this is the exact rhetoric that i was talking about . 
  why do you think the us was trying to make france a puppet state ? 
  when your country rescinded its permission to have our military forces in its borders , we left and moved the nato hq to belgium . 
  there was no budapest 1956 or prague 1968 . 
  we have no claims on your territory , we cooperate in numerous capacities , but in the end a lot of your leadership talks about us like an enemy . 
  what ever you say , you biased frenchman . 
  no body really knows what the demands for either side were . 
  the treaty was never finished and thus was never published . 
  there were some early working documents that got leaked , but it was pretty evident they did n't have anything even close to finalized . 
  you might know this , but the user above you almost certainly does n't . 
   i never even took the slightest guess at your ethnicity , from 30 minutes ago :  [ spoken like a true anglo-saxon ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5goo01/brussels_close_to_freetrade_deal_with_japan/dau7p79/ ) do n't lie to my face . 
  i 've been an active member of the community for 6 years . 
  frustrated , often yes . 
  biased , who knows ? 
  uninterested , anything but !, 
  i 'm not going away just because some bigot guessed my ethnicity wrong , and tried ascribing a bunch or ignorant stereotypes to me through that ethnicity that i 'm not a part of . 
  i have no narrative , i have only my opinions . 
  you should n't pretend that in contrast you represent the `` truth '' . 
  californian actually . 
  different user , but here is my take . 
  it cuts both ways , and the deterioration of ties goes long before bush or obama . 
  a non negligible number of french politicians have had irrational rivalry sentiments with america over the years , including de gaulle . 
  we 're not your enemies , but sometimes we are borderline treated as such in rhetoric . 
  if personal political leanings are something that is relevant for you for such a conversation , then i 'm sort of center left with strong beliefs in environmentalism , labor reform , and non interventionism . 
  how do you look at it all and where are you in the french political spectrum ? 
  no , spoken like an american whose jewish family came from austria and russia , to leave your bigoted continent . 
  yup . 
  if you 're the only ones paying the costs to be compliant , then you 're being suckered . 
  the eu has lost all credibility as a neutral enforcer of regulations . 
  [ look at this glorious `` anglo-saxon '' . 
  ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/m/mv5bmtc0mdmymzi2of5bml5banbnxkftztcwmzm2otk1mq@@._v1_ux214_cr0,0,214,317_al_.jpg ) what ever the hell `` ango-saxon bias '' is , it ca n't be less biased than you for believing in it . 
  do n't conflate ethnicity with primary language . 
  it 's pure ignorance . 
  it 's white noise to them , because it does n't conform to their preconceived notions . 
  in a way , the failure to get a fta that unifies regulations with the eu might have been a blessing for us . 
  we ca n't trust the eu to actually enforce them when it comes to the big companies from the first tier members . 
  [ they knew of the emissions discrepancies for many years before we caught them . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/commission-has-long-known-of-diesel-emissions-manipulation-a-1103249.html ) we would have been competing with companies that are immune from oversight because `` we 're all following the same strict regulations '' . 
  i agree . 
  we should leave it and replace it with bilateral agreements with the countries we can actually trust , and we should beef up norad with canada .
