  and for those that wo n't , what has to be remembered about the populists is that they often employ a variety of left policies and rhetoric which makes them palatable to a niche of left leaning voters . 
  [ this classic deserves some love . 
  and the rhetoric of the `` far right '' of the 1930s was itself also cherry picking the rhetoric of the right and left of the 1930s ... 
  which is to say , this really is n't about left vs right . 
  all of those parties you mention have parallel establishment right wing parties/factions that they are competing with , and they are not happy with the false conservatives at all . 
  ( afd vs cdu , fn vs lr , ukip vs torries , neocons vs other republican aligned factions , etc. ), 
  trump does n't only share protectionism rhetoric with the left . 
  he also talked about socialized medicine , gay marriage , and non interventionism as well . 
  of course he probably means none of what he says , because he knows the right cocktail of issues to get people on both sides to listen to him , and that is the point . 
  the left in many countries talks the talk , but no longer walks the walk . 
  but more to it than that , it would be a mistake to view the recent populism as a purely right wing development , rather than as the development of a third faction that cherry picks the rhetoric of both the left and the right . 
  so is this a commonly held misunderstanding in france then ? 
  thanks , by the way . 
  i 'm getting conflicting answers then . 
   why do people turn against each other so easily , during a time of relative peace and prosperity ? 
  i think that 's what 's causing you not to get it . 
  a lot of them are not sharing in the prosperity . 
  wealth inequality is causing parallel societies . 
  countries get higher gdps , banks get more liquidity , but they get the same low wages if they can hold down their jobs . 
  this is n't to say that there are n't other factors as well , but the socioeconomics ca n't be understated . 
  there 's a good onion headline in there somewhere . 
  they have access to basic education though . 
  username checks out . 
  [ linguee agrees with your interpretation , so that 's good enough for me . 
  ] ( http://www.linguee.com/english-french/search?query=%c3%a9trangers+en+situation+irr%c3%a9guli%c3%a8re ) is '' \u00e9trangers en situation irr\u00e9guli\u00e8re '' as blatant of a euphemism for illegal immigrants/aliens in french as it sounds like , or is it actually a perfectly normal and formal sounding name ? 
  also , what is your opinion on le monde as a news agency ? 
  do you think they are incompetent or intentionally biased ? 
  apparently . 
  i wonder if it was always that way though . 
  funnily enough , a lot of the thinkers that influenced concepts of civic nationalism that are now common in many areas of the americas were french like rousseau . 
  the link you provided mentioned nothing about `` clandestins '' and talked only of '' \u00e9trangers '' , ie foreigners of unspecified legality . 
  has that always been the case , or is that just now because of the ongoing `` state of emergency '' ? 
  would n't you rather the word goes out about certain extreme elements of a candidate 's platform ? 
  i imagine that most public sector employees will now be voting for le pen to not risk being fired . 
  what a mistake . 
  there 's a difference between ethnonationalism and other kinds of nationalism . 
  most kinds of other nationalists would support assimilation because who does n't want to be like glorious us ? 
  you 're not going to see me downplaying the importance of learning how to swim . 
  i 'm only saying that it does n't have to happen in the schools . 
  in my mind , it 's a bonus because it 's not actually a academic subject , which i think do absolutely have to be taught in schools . 
  there 's all kinds of life skills that could be taught and graded on in schools , but many of them are n't . 
  not personal fiance , not cooking , etc. 
  i do n't know anything about this milk theft , but the point is that the french are not likely to vote for anyone who will deregulate their markets and labor laws . 
  it could happen , but le pen would truly have to be a unbelievable wreck of a candidate for that to happen . 
  or , at least in my estimation . 
  the difference being that no harm will come to them . 
  they just wo n't have freedom of movement because they are awaiting deportation . 
  there has to be some deterrent which makes the border less porous , or else anyone can come and you wo n't know how many are there . 
  that 's dangerous because of the black market that creates , which will facilitate the trade of contraband including illegal fire arms . 
  for k-12 , yes . 
  although if you are too young you ca n't work . 
  each state has their own laws on that . 
  here in california , you need to be 16 in order to be hired , and until 18 you 'll need proof of parental consent . 
  irregardless of tax payer status for you or your family , k-12 schooling would be provided though , of which k-10 is mandatory in most states . 
  first you determine identity . 
  then you check official records . 
  if their alleged home countries refuse to cooperate and share the records , then you issue sanctions . 
  once you have their proper identities you will know everything including their date of birth . 
  if you ca n't determine their identity * and the refugee is not cooperating * then you deny them asylum based on inability to assess need for sanctuary . 
  after that you get them ready for deportation by putting them in a detention center . 
  eventually they 'll be willing tell you what their home country actually was . 
  good luck getting the best workers then for your industries . 
  nobody who will want to start up a family will stay , and many might think twice about moving in in the first place if they know that they 'll be paying for social services that they ca n't benefit from . 
  the french school system takes private payment for schooling ? 
  what you 're missing here is that many foreigners are tax payers , which support the school system . 
  it would hurt french industry 's competitiveness to be denying schooling to foreign worker 's children and/or to require company 's to pay a special sum to the government just for hiring such individuals . 
  it would become a far less attractive place for such workers . 
  some of them got jobs in france , often by french companies . 
  obviously their families came with them , or they stayed long enough to start one . 
  well , her likely opponent in the second round is a self described thatcherite , so i 'd give decent odds that she can win in france ... 
  people lacking basic education can not ever be assimilated into a modern society though . 
  this would be the nail in the coffin . 
  that goes both ways . 
  why should any legal non citizen residents be denied schooling even though their families also pay taxes ? 
  maybe to a certain extent ? 
  they are the tax payers after all , and it is their kids . 
  swimming , not being an academic subject , i think could be argued to be not even under a school 's inherent purview , unlike with say mathematics or science classes . 
  it 's maybe a nice bonus for the kids , but it is n't strictly necessary that the schools be the ones to teach it . 
  this is a little bit of devil 's advocacy , because i think the answers are n't very clear cut . 
  being graded on swim proficiency is to me as bizarre as with other physical `` classes '' , to be honest . 
  he would have been had he not fled before the trial ended . 
  there 's no such religion , as far as i 'm aware of , so that is just an absurdity that does n't contribute to the conversation over where school 's authority should start and stop . 
  the security council does n't have veto power over every resolution . 
  maybe . 
  it could also just be convenient to limit the influence of igor sechin . 
  there are reasons he had to back off of buying up bashneft assets . 
  it could also be part of a deal to get foreign funding/investment for chechnya on kadyrov 's behalf . 
  but this is all wild speculation . 
  if you ca n't prove that all of them are libyan citizens , then un resolutions might lead to unfortunate consequences for european countries which do that . 
  would n't different societies have different ages for adulthood ? 
  like if you asked for a relative age categories like `` adult '' or `` child '' you might get slightly different answers than what the questioner would be expecting ? 
  as long as they are n't misrepresenting their numerical age ( ex . 
  `` 18 years '' ) on any documents or what have you , then i think a degree of lenience could be afforded , so long as that case has an affidavit from a anthropologist specialist for their tribe or whatever which can attest to a legitimate misunderstanding . 
  that violence wo n't touch north america . 
  why should we die far away from our homes ? 
  why do n't you lobby your government for dozens of romanian military installations in alaska , for nato solidarity then ? 
  the money is completely wasted because you all can defend yourselves . 
  i honestly tried to look this up , and just ca n't find anything at all . 
  not in any biographical information for eisenhower , not in summary histories of post ww2 france , etc. 
  could you cite something ?
