  it 's been conformed by the fbi that the russians did also hack the rnc , fyi , and yes wikileaks is at fault because they are a outlet for russian propaganda [ literately run out of moscow . 
  ] ( https://whois.domaintools.com/141.105.65.113 ), 
  it 's sadder when they are n't shills or trolls . 
  it 's hard to deprogram people who have been taken in by the propaganda . 
  it used to be that the parties would just chose the candidates themselves at the conventions based off of the platform they could agree on . 
  there was no party elections back then , only the federal election . 
  what exists now is better , but still not perfect . 
  however , as private organizations , political parties in the us can organize themselves however they like . 
  the constitution only protects governmental elections , not private ones . 
  i do n't disagree with you though that there there deeper problems in terms of representation . 
  many of the problems afflicting that though are at the state level ( gerrymandering and voter suppression ) . 
   if the truth ruins your campaign , maybe stop committing illegal shit ? 
  the dnc committed ** no ** illegal acts . 
  or else why have n't any of them been jailed for anything ? 
  what ruined their campaign was the clever use of the documents that russian intelligence agencies hacked for . 
  propaganda narratives around them were built up with the help of bot armies on social media , and the dnc documents concerning electoral strategy were of course of great use for the trump campaign to help know which states to target more and what angles to preempt in debates . 
  because wikileaks is a russian propaganda asset , which is used to disseminate documents that russia obtains through hacking by their intelligence agencies in order to carry out information warfare to achieve putin 's geopolitical goals . 
  [ it 's actually run out of moscow . 
  ] ( https://whois.domaintools.com/141.105.65.113 ), 
  wikileaks has been an russian propaganda asset ever since assange took control of it . 
  they 've been `` leaking '' documents that russian intelligence agencies have hacked for in order to achieve putin 's geopolitical objectives . 
  this included acts of information warfare to get the russian asset trump into the presidency of the united states by hacking the dnc and rnc and releasing dnc documents which russian bot armies made ample use of for propaganda to suppress the left leaning vote . 
  it 's not clear what use they have planned for the rnc documents , but most speculation is leaning towards blackmail . 
  [ wikileaks itself is run out of moscow ] ( https://whois.domaintools.com/141.105.65.113 ), 
  oh , interesting . 
  and here i thought the uk was the only ones with an opt out for it . 
  so can ireland still keep its visa regime ? 
  or will a lawsuit for compliance come from the eu about it ? 
  i thought the resolution was calling for eu wide visa requirements ? 
  does the eu really have authority over the schengen agreement like that ? 
  i thought it was a third party treaty whose participation became mandatory for new members . 
  i think you 've been looking at polls the wrong way up until now , then . 
  do n't look at them as predictions but as bellwether indications . 
  they all have a confidence interval . 
  that sounds like a single point of failure to me . 
  all the easier to actually execute a decapitation strike when you have less communication systems you need to compromise and disrupt . 
  without concerted actions and resolutions taken at the un security council , there is every reason to have * some * distrust in the status of the npt . 
  i find it ridiculous that north korea , pakistan , india , and israel have n't been clamped down on the way south africa was . 
  iran could be joining the club to in the near future , which will in turn lead to saudi arabia getting nukes . 
  it 's all quickly getting irrevocably out of hand . 
  the next decade is going to determine if the genie ever can be put back in the bottle or not . 
  almost certainly , but i wonder if any of the supply chains for any of the missiles or the sites have been infiltrated and that can be exploited . 
  well , except `` left of launch '' sabotage . 
  damn the news has been interesting this week !, 
  why is it weird ? 
  they have continuous traditions that date from that period . 
  what would be bizarre if they aped things that were going on ireland a century later after their families came over . 
  do you find the amish weird because they 're not like modern germans in the 21st century ? 
  if the eu goes through with pulling visa reciprocity for the member states that have it with the us , you should expect to see a hell of a lot less of such people though . 
  word to the wise , indigenous heritages are a lot more of a sensitive issue than you may realize . 
  it 's wrapped up in historical wrongs like the boarding schools and forced assimilation , along with federal and tribal recognition issues . 
  it should n't be treated the same as immigrant heritages , which is a wholly personal matter without any real legal impact or relevance . 
  is n't that somewhat of a mainstream opinion in france though ? 
  i thought du gaul 's leaving the command structure of the organization and kicking out all of its assets was still seen as a good decision in france . 
  plus there is the whole `` i told you so '' factor about iraq . 
  ballistic shields have a failure rate . 
  depending on the specifics , the failure rates of some have even be as high as ~ 60 % projected from war game data . 
  deterrence through second strike capability is currently the only real substantive defense . 
  that being said , germany is under the french , british , and american nuclear umbrellas so they do n't need any * yet * . 
  manchin is n't a populist , let alone being right wing per say . 
  he 's a senator for west virginia , and that necessarily means having to vote for in favor of the local coal interests . 
  he votes for left wing social issues , and it 's really lucky for the dems that he can win in the state all things considered . 
  there 's no one in the us who is comparable to european right wing populists other than trump and his cabal . 
  you have it all wrong . 
  populism basically . 
  domestic brownie points  cool headed and practical policy, 
  i 'd like to see a drone successfully intercept a su-35 and shoot it down . 
  i 'd like to see a drone take out a sam or radar instillation without being detected and thus shot down . 
  i 'm not sure that that 's actually so fair of an assessment . 
  i think your impression of the democratic party is being overly influenced by the actions of past presidents who have had to adapt to an already existent bureaucracy with its own momentum , rather than on truly ideological considerations . 
  you have to remember that the us federal government is designed to constrain power even if the constitution is more permissive of its use and accumulation than the older articles of confederation . 
  congress is n't like european parliaments . 
  there 's a lot more getting in the way of the majority party pursuing their legislative agenda than you guys are used to and familiar with , and that has meant many kinds of devils bargains over the years for compromises that never seemed to make anyone happy . 
  it 's fine . 
  you should read the `` fall in ( a location ) '' as indicating being overcome or defeated , as in ex . 
  `` the city fell to the invaders '' . 
  it 's just flowery image laden language . 
  it 's wrapped up in the connotations of a downfall , since rapid descent has metaphorical meaning based in failure and collapse . 
  by default , i proclaim him the new premier !, 
  greece , spain and italy in 2100 : the south will rise again, 
  european media has been closely following the erdogan train wreck for years . 
  especially since the mass protests years ago . 
  i 'd recommend you read some [ dw ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/top-stories/s-9097 ) from time to time , if you want better coverage of the european region . 
  i never expected to see a geocurrents map on this sub . 
  it 's a pretty niche site , and i only know about it because of the partnership with asya pereltsvaig . 
  also , i 'm surprised that odessa is n't classified as `` ultra ambivalent free city '' xd, 
  [ live from paris ] ( https://youtu.be/2rohhzbq5po?t=1m9s ), 
  turkey was * already * a country with an enormously high murder rate for journalists . 
  i 'm really doubting this is for domestic consumption , at least for a chilling effect on what remains of their press . 
  it 's a joke ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  [ ding ding ding ] ( https://warontherocks.com/2017/02/the-war-among-the-generals/ ), 
  i 've only recently realized this after the fact though , but yeah . 
  it sure seems that way . 
  oh , do n't you and i know it . 
  i 'm starting to think that his handlers have him intentionally sayings contradictory things just so he can appear to be in agreement with more people based off of selective memory and skewed dissemination of the events in the media . 
   it 's especially good because china , no matter their deplorable issues , has an interest in a thriving and united europe . 
  that is until their oil providers say otherwise . 
  until then , they 're happy for all the patents and ip you file with them . 
   the eu needs to be ready to shift their trade from the us to elsewhere if need be and china is the best , if not the most ethical choice .
