did i miss something ? 
  sounds like the headline is a pretty accurate tl ; dr. 
  no the contract would have gone on indefinitely otherwise . 
  if it is so easy to find a new affordable flat , then why ca n't the migrants move there ? 
  the state pays it either way , either through opportunity cost or directly . 
  the mayor is such a tool . 
  something like this should never , ever ever happen . 
  this is the peoples worst fear . 
  treat the migrants better than the locals . 
  nice job . 
  i hope the shitstorm comes on nicely . 
  1 ) it 's stupid and will never work . 
  it is so far detached from reality that its almost funny . 
  the migrants want to choose , they will do as they please . 
  they want to be together/close to family & friends . 
  the quota is useless , someone rightfully called it a `` distraction '' . 
  2 ) it a strain on european relations . 
  many countries object , forcing them will further drive the union apart . 
  we should stand together but here we are risking everything for an idea that ca n't work . 
  3 ) and then what ? 
  take in millions upon millions ? 
  4 ) diverts resources from an actual solution . 
  i do n't think its entitlement . 
  he just somehow thinks germany is paradise . 
  a more nuanced reaction : it is sad that they somehow succumb to the fantasy that germany is any better than any other european country . 
  hope it goes viral !, 
  great article . 
  yeah i stumbled over that one as well . 
  as per the article it is understood that great migrations bring great rewards . 
  uh is that so ? 
  how exactly . 
  this statement suggests that this is a fact everyone knows . 
  it 's really hard to be critical about because you 'd first have to admit you do n't know what they are talking about and second you risk sliding into the dreaded right corner . 
  `` you do n't think cultural diversity is good ? '', 
  so you just shut up and accept it as fact . 
  now it may or may not be true but i despise that style of argument . 
  huh , how does that make sense ? 
  100 % of criminals are criminals ? 
  this . 
  the notion of quotas and even distribution is so deeply flawed . 
  it has been explicitly shown time and time again that the refugees want to go to specific places they think are the best and they do not accept anything else . 
  they want to go to the big cities where affordable housing is already a problem . 
  they understandably want to stay with their kind and not be absorbed into a completely foreign community in some rural area where the next guy with a similar story is miles away . 
  it is inevitable by human nature that a parallel society will form with these numbers . 
  do we want a syria town in each major city ? 
  maybe that could be nice . 
  but that clearly means that people will be pushed out , theres no empty districts . 
  so who will that be ? 
  surely not the well-off journalists/politicians/activists ? 
  maybe thats why in a camp in sweden the refugees complained about the kitchen having no power because it was feared they might cause a fire . 
  i thought that notion was stupid . 
  interesting . 
  so these people can just walk in and do as they please . 
  why am i abiding the law ? 
  i have no respect for these people . 
  ah yes right , that means intuitively i do n't get the concept either, 
  you could probably work just that and make half the money everyone else does if you got the skills . 
  a normal workday is 7:30 - 8 hours . 
  lol beat me to it, 
  there are many people that would be surprised that average means that half the people earn less than that . 
  have you watched the video ? 
  its not like the refugees are keen on working and especially not in shitty underpaid jobs . 
  they are like you and me . 
  the idea that they pick up all the shitty jobs the locals do n't want to do is idiotic and also not very friendly . 
  its funny that the leftist pro-immigration crowd seems to have no problem with this hmm lets call it `` exploitation '' . 
  this is a very interesting point . 
  often cultural differences are very subtle and mistaken for arrogance and whatnot . 
  oh ... it 's supposed to be peace . 
  i thought she was literally asking for peas because they like them . 
  well to be fair . 
  having electricity cut in my kitchen because my landlord fears that i burn the place would also be inacceptable for me . 
  if you treat them like kids you have to take care of them like kids . 
  ah , true freedom . 
  lol they blur out the video but in the affiliated articles his face stares at you . 
  interesting , they seemingly have changed the video . 
  in the video i watched his face was blurred out . 
   migrants are net contributors to the public purse . 
  unlikely : http://www.dw.com/en/immigration-is-not-a-financial-benefit-to-german-society-says-economist/a-18159468 each migrant costs about 1800 euros per year . 
  spiegel tried to refute the analysis of this well established economist but he already gave an answer why it actually did not refute the statement . 
  call me cynical but it is good that the police woman was actually wounded otherwise there would be a major shit-storm heading towards the german police . 
  merkel never hugged me ; _ ;, 
  they demanded more cultural diversity in their food after all . 
  i do n't feel much sympathy when i read these messages . 
  `` we have needs '' thats is not asking for help . 
  it is an attitude : i have needs and it is your duty to fulfill them . 
  not sure if it 's just a translation error or a cultural thing . 
  but i do n't like it . 
  1 ) throw away passport 2 ) learn arabic and practice your syrianess 3 ) ??? 
  same with christianity . 
  i would like to have neither religion exercised outside of a private context anywhere . 
  a few days ago i saw a tv discussion about the crisis in german television and one of the guests constantly pulled out her christian beliefs and values . 
  like you ca n't be a good person without fearing hell . 
  those things should be discussed soley based on reason and human compassion not based on rules laid out in a bunch of fictional books . 
  why not ? 
  what a fucking asshole . 
  he could play professional soccer with these acting skills ... now that i have the baseline i want to see the bbc report on that . 
  edit : just watched it [ here ] ( https://vid.me/nhcc ) . 
  someone has edited the original in to show the comparison . 
  even the wording is geared to evoke pity and whatnot : `` suffocating conditions '' the worst part about it ? 
  you do n't know what is true and shit like this devalues all the other claims they make about the conditions of the refugees .
