   that way the german bleeding hearts can learn from what happens there , before their idiocy destroys germany . 
  pah . 
  as if they would learn . 
  they 'd blame the swedes that they are not welcoming enough . 
  not tending to the poor souls that suffered damage from their long track through whole europe . 
  this , either register and go by the rules like everyone else or get thrown out immediately, 
  oh yes please . 
  it does , its a center of mass kind of calculation . 
  i do n't want what you already offered me for free , i want better , i want more !, 
  holy shit my mood is rapidly shifting from `` help those poor people '' to `` please stop this fast !, 
  so all these people have relatives in germany ? 
  that means those immigrated earlier ? 
  does it make it any better ? 
  any country that starts forceful registration of every single refugee , and there will be violence , will be looked upon like the bad guy . 
  see hungary for reference . 
  germany is too scared to get the nazi stamp again . 
  but things will clash soon . 
  erm the camps have charging stations , many have smartphones . 
  and why would n't they , they are not poor per se just fleeing . 
  also there has been an instance where people at a refugee camp demanded free wifi ... 
  whats it with those people ? 
  is denmark not good enough ? 
  they lose a lot of their credibility for that in my eyes . 
  just thinking what i could do in central europe with 10k dolleros ... what must be possible with hat kind of money in africa ? 
  why throw that money away , no even worse , give it to the scummiest of people and risk your life just to live in poverty with almost zero chance of break through far away from your family . 
  you could live like a king . 
  yeah i know it only goes so far and theres political instability . 
  but i still wonder . 
  pretty easy . 
  find scummy drug dealer guys and do business with them . 
  try to make it big and then adjust terms/screw them over/don ' t pay debt/look at them strange/disagree/quit . 
  pick one or more . 
  at first glance i was all up in arms about this and i fear it could be misused . 
  i really like the general idea though , imagine one of your slip-ups got posted somewhere why should that stain your name forever ? 
  i do n't think censoring google is the right course of action though . 
  uh yeah the streets are burning whereas before everyone was tending their garden gnome . . [ . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ey9nohvhlu&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=145 ) what a pile of crap . 
  this was written by some spin doctor not unlike goebbels . 
  nice speech too bad its complete bs . 
  as if anyone monitors their own traffic . 
  even if you did you would have to run a pretty bare-bones system because every app and their dog is constantly chatting back and forth and it would takes unrealistic amounts of time to attribute each packet to its origin and purpose . 
  what if its encrypted ? 
  virtualization does pretty much nothing in terms of security imho . 
  well said . 
  i feel exactly the same . 
  catch-22 : /, 
  they are scared that right wing thinking takes hold again so they underreport knowingly and suppress concerns ( to some extend ) that would fuel the right . 
  sadly this achieves exactly the opposite . 
  if you want to keep one side down its best to make them seem unreasonable . 
  a peaceful right wing demonstration that voices valid concerns vs. right extremist hooligans battling police . 
  what gains more sympathy from the common man ? 
  of course the question remains why that is the agenda , i guess we just have to take a look at german history to answer that . 
  of course this is all just speculations but it increasingly seems like it might just be true . 
  just read the news reports and try to look for spin or agenda and it becomes apparent pretty quickly . 
  i often feel patronized by that , as if i could n't decide on my own what is right or wrong . 
  ps : afaik the demo was during the day . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eyvipu-lhe, 
  yes of course its all just conspiracy theory . 
  it 's not like it has been tried to spin a certain way , its not like events have not been reported in sweden because of political correctness , right ? 
  no problem then just keep on doing whatever you do . 
  well the rumor is very specific . 
  the first person to throw a fire-cracker was isolated and magically exited freely through the police line . 
  upon questioning the police said that he presented a press pass . 
  does this make sense to you , a press pass excuses throwing a fire-cracker at the police when later even photographers were blasted with pepper spray . 
  also it seems to be almost a tradition that a substantial amount of people in right wing organizations turn out to be state informants . 
  it is known to happen . 
  maybe the population is now sensitized for this type of problem and will `` teach '' offenders while it happens if necessary . 
  theres so much suppressed teaching in people right now that i recon many successful lessons would be delivered if you 'd ask for it . 
  they are screaming `` where have you been on nye ? 
  where ? '', 
  and imho rightfully so . 
  why can they excessively beat down local uproar but not stop the crimes that caused it . 
  also from a famous ( leftist i might add ) german blog : this was just a very small portion of the group . 
  there were families and elderly people with dogs as well . 
  instead of letting them pass their route the police apparently blocked the ( rightful ) demonstration and placed water turrets in front of them forcing them to go back to the starting point . 
  this is were the video later was recorded . 
  there are rumors that undercover police instigated violence and normal , non-violent protesters and even press were apparently pepper-sprayed . 
  dunno , its hard to check the facts but to me it seems like the same old same old . 
  look at the bad aggressive nazi pigs when it was likely a largely average crowd of people . 
  its such a shame that concerned citizen is now a label that equals nazi . 
  and everyone and their dick jumps on the bandwagon and puts it in quotes as if to mock them . 
  this is a major part of the problem , people do n't feel their concerns are being taken serious . 
  this irks me to no end . 
  it 's probably not so bad . 
  it like bad comments on the internet , only the people that are angry make the effort to comment , so it seems very bad . 
  only these incidents are reported , not the other 99 % where everything is normal and uneventful . 
  i sometimes see reports about my hometown and certain areas or districts of it and it sounds like its likely you 'd get shot in an instant in these areas . 
  in reality though i cycle through these no-go areas regularly and in general they are pretty tame . 
  they are talking about stricter laws that deny asylum to people who committed crimes . 
  the catch is that even if they committed crimes and are denied asylum they still can not be sent back because you can not deport someone into a war zone . 
  so you need to put them in a local prison . 
  free food and housing on the state ... 
  also the pegida rally was probably officially announced and approved beforehand . 
  so the police knew what was coming . 
  thats what you get for being a law abiding citizen . 
  after some reports i personally believe that the media coverage on the rally was very skewed as they mostly showed aggressive hooligans which made up only a very small portion of the crowd . 
  also the aggression may have been instigated by undercover state police . 
  people reported that the guy who threw the first fire-cracker at the police quickly and freely exited through ( ! ), 
  the police line after he was singled out . 
  it apparently was reported by the police that he `` showed a press pass '' .
