  of course , try to prove any of this . 
  this j\u00e4ger idiot makes me so angry . 
  he should step down right now , instead he is deflecting any criticism towards the police . 
  i would not be surprised if he personally ordered to redact and/or hold back the police reports . 
  they said it was biker gangs/bouncer scene guys , so not your usual skinheads although there might be some overlap . 
  i feel so bad for every normal foreigner/even just foreign looking guys . 
  i somewhat wish this mob would have been there on nye though but i fear that they are not making any distinction when it comes to who they beat up . 
  weirdly its somehow already possible to efficiently pepperspray and block the native population when they voice their concerns . 
  what does the media show ? 
  some hooligans screaming at the police . 
  there are even rumors that the right wing violence was initiated and agitated by undercover police forces . 
  wtf ? 
  to me it seems they are beating political correctness into people . 
  this approach will end terribly . 
  i noticed that too . 
  once you are done reading you forgot about all the moral and political stuff that got shoved down your throat so that it seems neutral . 
  the beginning is a propaganda shit-fest though . 
  no idea why you are downvoted . 
  i did n't even catch the small things like `` the generally positive mood '' i lapped that right up . 
  good find , thanks for making me notice . 
  good analysis , much better than my crude attempt at dissecting the whole thing piece by piece . 
  they carefully selected ( or even made up ) story pieces to counteract negative thinking towards refugees and discredited the opposition . 
  the three upstanding germans that were molested but still like refugees was the most barf-worthy thought policing in there . 
  uuuh , that is not biased ? 
  every negative aspect is carefully padded with a feel-good story about a refugee . 
  three girls are presented explaining their experiences , they are put there as shining examples and the aspects that make them good people are praised so that even the most stupid reader understands these role-models . 
  i know it is a slippery slope to write a piece like this but i am reminded of a chinese university where they blasted stories of role-model students through loudspeakers across the campus pretty much non-stop ... 
  detailed dissection : - intro with a little bit of downplaying . 
  ok not so bad . 
  - politics-shaming to get the reader on board . 
  very well . 
  ( ever heard of a yes ladder ? ), 
  - very biased introduction of the right perspective , the groups are instantly put in an extremist corner and described as xenophobic ( it may be true but they could have spared it , it just sets the scene and shows where this article is located bias-wise ) - `` lying press '' in quotes , i should look up the german article , if they put it in quotes there as well than it 's clear that they distance themselves from the label and de-value it . 
  of course how could they not , it 's aimed at them as well , right ? 
  - run-down of the night , no complains here - foreigners stealing from each other story . 
  see , they steal from each other as well , they do n't target germans . 
  its just normal crime ok ? 
  then doubting the nationalities the police men reported , here the way its done is interesting '' ... much less a refugee ... '' wait , who said anything about refugees ? 
  no one , but you may have thought these were refugees , dummy . 
  check your thoughts !, 
  - police woman assaulted story . 
  theres so much missing here , who were the perps ? 
  do n't tell me you can assault a police woman with two undercover cops at her side and theres zero information . 
  - police cleared the place story . 
  migrants have been asking for help from the police . 
  i am torn about this one , its believable but it also fits the whole narrative a little too well . 
  like , see we are in the same boat . 
  i would let this slide but the next part destroys it . 
  a refugee asks the police if thats a normal nye in germany . 
  that happened . 
  - long explanation how it came out , of course everyone who reposted the initial post is a right extremist nazi pig . 
  i mean it literally says that the post has been taken over by the right-wing extremist scene , as if they own it now and everyone that posts it can by definition only be a right-wing extremist . 
  wow . 
  - zdf did n't mention the incident , `` lying press '' is a conspiracy theory . 
  wait , you just said one of the major public stations did in fact not mention the incident . 
  which is exactly why people mistrust the press . 
  yet these people are conspiracy theorists ? 
  but of course spiegel was right onto it . 
  we 're awesome , yeah !, 
  - oh , did i mention everyone who doubts the press is a right-wing pig ? 
  because they are !, 
  here are some examples . 
  - yet 41 % of germans have doubts ... but only the nazi pigs really believe it . 
  you do n't want to be a nazi do you ? 
  - right wings embraces the incident . 
  you know because they want to have their women raped . 
  they absolutely want you to be raped . 
  they like it , coz they evil !, 
  here , have some tasteless posts . 
  - here it gets interesting , the authors blames the right wings propaganda for the 1000 perps number yet aknowledges that this number was thrown around by the media . 
  you know what comes to mind ? 
  ( lying press ) - lets ask an expert . 
  experts are awesome . 
  have some stats to establish his authority . 
  `` who should one ask to better understand what happened in cologne ? '', 
  why not start with the people who were there , not someone from bielefeld ? 
  - oh , mhh , aha , its not just sexual , its about power !, 
  ... can we have some feminists here ? 
  we need some feminists now !, 
  - yeah , yeah its the foreigners . 
  but its other foreigners , not the refugees . 
  these ones have been here for a while . 
  it was n't so bad before , right ? 
  oh and some of them are germans ... - some of the phones have been tracked in refugee shelter ... aww crap how can we get out of this one ... story time : ` on how to be a proper german ' by the thought police - it was three young successful germanic people , just like you - they were strong but still got molested by some foreigners - this happened everywhere in the country - but they also met another foreigner that had a sad story and was not evil like the ones before . 
  he was horrified by what happened to them , we learn : there are good and bad foreigners [ it is important here that because of his story-telling there is no doubt that the good apple in deed was a refugee but the bad apples we do n't know ] - the moral : `` society should be grateful for witnesses such as jeanette , lara and paul : people who experience horrible things , but who still refrain from resorting to prejudice . '', 
  * barf * - now for some feminism intermission - you are all rapists !, 
  its not cultural , they are pigs , you are pigs , men are pigs - why no aufschrei ? 
  political correctness ? 
  wow !, 
  ok this one i 'll hand to the authors . 
  the rest of the article is ok imho , what sticks out is `` germans are not children [ ... ] '' yet the authors feel the need for this moral/political propaganda piece at the start . 
  i am not saying that it is wrong or that the ideals presented in there are not worth pursuing . 
  but it is biased . 
  it has a clear message , a clear agenda . 
  i dislike that . 
  something like this has been tried before and it did n't end so well : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madagascar_plan, 
  that is truly a bit weird . 
  maybe that was due to the holidays . 
  a few years ago we had a slightly illegal skate-night through our city ( about 200 people ) , it took them just half an hour to mobilize a massive riot police force . 
  when we entered a large street the whole four lane street was line with police cars and men in full riot gear on both side for a long stretch .
