  same in germany . 
  why yes we are . 
  very much so !, 
  the fucking left-extremist media was complaining , not the people . 
  everyone in a public situation is scared to say anything wrong . 
  you can not criticize , the default correct answer is always farthest left no room for discourse . 
  political correctness is silencing everyone , even the most level headed critics . 
  its an unfortunate snippet . 
  that part was somewhat sarcasm :  to cancel the minimum wage regulations [ ... ] would be one way of easy entry into the workforce . 
   but of course the appeal by merkel to be a little bit more flexible in times of crisis was not meant like that . 
  finally a really good article that openly criticizes the `` welcome refugees '' - idiots . 
  when they lose interest someone else will have to pick up the slack because the immigrants will not be able to support themselves . 
  point taken . 
  gave you an upvote . 
  still scary that we failed at it with many others and now need to try new methods with so so many people . 
  i fear that it will escalate much much further before it gets better . 
  people are now sitting in front of the fences on hunger strike . 
  no country wants to have them . 
  no one wants to be the bad guy . 
  media will show hungry kids . 
  bleeding-hearts will rally . 
  the right wing will get much more support than ever before . 
  its completely open how it will play out . 
  and there is no good solution in sight but many ugly ones and foul compromises . 
  maybe not the current refugees but the argument still stands . 
  even worse integration obviously failed with these people . 
  at least now we have a fresh batch to try something different . 
  i get that people want to help and that is good and amicable but there is a limit . 
  that is what rubs me backwards . 
  yeah help those in need but do not await them clapping and cheering . 
  it seems these people want to go above and beyond taking measures that send a message into the world that is potentially dangerous in the long run . 
  because it is simply unsustainable and has the power to destabilize europe and seriously endanger what our ancestors have achieved here . 
  its also undemocratic because these people drag everyone in . 
  they are giving away resources and money of other people . 
  most people here are willing to help those in need but they should be able to decide how far that goes , not just a few people with a strong selfish helper complex . 
  ( yes helping like that is selfish in certain ways ), 
  i have no words . 
  who puts these signs out ? 
  yesterday i saw a report of a booklet that guides the refugees with maps and all . 
  like the fuck ? 
  next the bleeding-hearts will personally bring the people all the way from syria while accommodating them with coffee and fine biscuits ? 
  misguided helper complex . 
  well , they are probably far left wing so they want to give ~ ~ their ~ ~ our all to help the immigrants . 
  but they also want to protect the women . 
  thats two colliding interests because this kind of information is absolutely perfect for validating the fears and prejudices people already have . 
  hypocrites . 
  when have you ever heard a feminist organization voice such things in restrain . 
  give us the facts , help the women , throw the rapists back over the fence . 
  amazing , these callers deserve a medal . 
  this systematic oppression of differing opinions is fascistic . 
  and they claim to be against that . 
  yeah right . 
  although i really despise their behavior , mostly for the reasons you stated , let 's be the devils advocate : i am in sweden . 
  i see serious conflict in my country . 
  i fear for the safety of my friends and family . 
  in my eyes the opposing group is the bad guy . 
  i hear that people that identify with the opposing group will hold a support demonstration for their group in sweden . 
  this is outrageous , i am angry , how can these people publicly show their support for the bad guys ? 
  they are also bad guys . 
  i go to an opposing demonstration . 
  naturally things escalate . 
  pretty understandable . 
  still despicable . 
  none of them should be allowed to do a demonstration , but then again `` freedom of speech '' . 
  a true dilemma . 
  lol as if that ever worked . 
  its a m\u00e4rchen , try to look up how many people were denied asylum in germany and how many actually left . 
  its abysmal something like 10 % or even less . 
  ( 10 % of those denied actually left ) also you pay for their ticket back . 
  predictable and scary . 
  what an insult . 
  this is a real fear for me . 
  if i had to move out of my apartment i would probably have to move outside of the city because of cost . 
  it is already the case that people on welfare are prioritized for small , cheap apartments because the owner is directly paid by the state . 
  i guess this situation is going to get worse . 
  well it is anyways but it another factor in this refugee scare . 
  more like 2.4-3 million ... 
  this is madness . 
  these people , although breaking the law shitting on the rules and behaving like entitled pricks * are left to freely roam around in europe , they even give them supplies and free rides on expensive transportation that most locals only use sparingly because of high cost ? 
  remember that these people are not ( yet ) citizens , so they are not entitled to freedom of movement rights etc. 
  within the eu . 
  this kind of behavior should not be met with open arms but with opposition . 
  denmark stood their ground for a bit which is amicable . 
  when i read about germany taking back those that were stopped by denmark and not forcing them to register but buying them ferry ticket to sweden that made me sick to my stomach . 
  the solution is so easy here : do n't register , no ferry , no supplies . 
  i feel ashamed for our stupid politics . 
  if i forget to register something like tax papers , i am met with a shit storm and if i continue i will see consequences . 
  but these people seem to have free reign . 
  that makes me really angry and it also destroys everything for the probably countless refugees that behave well and follow the rules and really are in need . 
  * ( referring specifically to the throwing away of water and food , demanding ( ! ), 
  free movement and help that meets their standards ), 
  do n't forget the swift shift to the political right . 
  i am like you and would have said i am leftist but that is changing fast . 
  this is not ok . somebody must stop this . 
  the fuck ? 
  ok , the ones who want help to the right in the registration line the others should get dumped outside a big fence . 
  fuck them . 
  in the related vids was this gem : https://youtu.be/mn44_-8czn4 wha-wha-what ? 
  i do n't even have 140 euro a month for food . 
  whats wrong with those people ?
