st mary 's church in the hollow of the white hazel near a rapid whirlpool and the church of st tysilio of the red cave, 
  well you 're not wrong . 
  i grew up there so i guess they all seemed completely normal to me haha . 
  what 's wrong with their houses ? 
  stayed there 4 nights last summer . 
  was great , loads of time and you can go back and redo your favourite rides as many times as you want . 
  plus had a back-up plan that should we have spare time at the end there 's an aquarium in val d'europe which is a 10 minute train ride away . 
  i could go all night ... 
  i 'd say for the uk there 's the obvious country-specific category . 
  you 're much more likely to hear someone say english-scottish-welsh-northern irish/irish instead of british . 
  and there 's still pride as to your heritage if you are a 1st or 2nd generation immigrant , but the further you go down the family tree , the less present you 'll find it . 
  probably as europe has been a mixing pot of different cultures for thousands of years it 's hard to put a pin-point as to your heritage , as the further back you go , the more great-great-great - ... - grandparents you get . 
  especially as belgium has three official languages . 
  just causes conflict with that kind of pride . 
  do you know and could explain to me the difference between dutch and flemish as a dutch native speaker ? 
  i grew up in brussels and was made to learn flemish for a couple of years as a kid , which quickly completely disappeared when i left the school . 
  but was still surrounded by the language around town . 
  the other day i came across a post on reddit where two people swapped from speaking english to dutch , and without recognising any of the words i somehow recognised it as being different to flemish , though i 've constantly been told it 's basically the same language , with a different accent and a couple of hundred years apart . 
  nearly right . 
  either * mes pantalons * plural , or * mon pantalon * singular . 
  i was just off the eurotunnel on a eurolines bus travelling to brussels when the news of the stade de france attack came through on my phone . 
  was completely expecting the borders to close , but we were let straight through . 
  was at a friend 's house party the next day when i met a girl who 's boyfriend was at the match in the stade de france when the bombs went off . 
  he tried to go home after , but he lived around the corner from le petit cambodge where the shootings occurred , which was obviously the whole area was blocked-off . 
  he could n't contact anyone as there was no signal , but apparently he got brought in by some kind strangers to sleep the night on their sofa . 
  of course the news that the terrorists were linked to brussels came out in the next two days , and i was booked onto a eurolines bus back to london on the evening of the 15th . 
  luckily i grew up in brussels so had hundreds of back-up sofas to stay on should we have problems coming back . 
  but it was so easy , we sailed through the border check and it was only when we hit the channel crossing that anyone even bothered to check our passports . 
  was a bit weird seeing as france was on the highest alert they had been on in years . 
  i had the house all to myself yesterday . 
  was glorious . 
   weird stuff like what ? 
  everything seems normal when you grow up with it . . 
  but others i 'd recommend are scones with clotted cream and jam , bannoffee pie , victoria sponge . 
  favourites to make in my family are bread and butter pudding , rice pudding , banbury cakes and welsh cakes . 
  as i said , sophie 's choice ... 
  wow , that 's like sophie 's choice . 
  we have so many . 
  but atm i 'm favouring [ eton mess ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/eton_mess ), 
  economics and french joint honours for my ba , and marketing for my msc . 
  de g\u00e9ants guerriers celtes, 
  had * gang signs & prayer * on repeat all day . 
  such a good album !, 
  manau 's * la tribu de dana * is what i pull out when people do n't believe that i 'm fluent in french . 
  i knew learning it back in primary school would come in useful at some point haha, 
  finally my username comes to work , 
  cornish is a lot closer to breton than welsh then . 
  there 's some words that are the same/similar , but my nan and the breton speaking woman could n't understand each other when they spoke sentences . 
  believe it or not brittany and wales have a common history . 
  in fact when i went with my welsh grandmother there as a kid , she spoke to a woman who knew some old breton and they had some very similar words . 
  such as wine , it 's `` gwin '' in both breton and welsh . 
  wow that takes me back . 
  you forget about these games as you get older . 
  oh and * vip\u00e8re * in english is * viper *, 
  oops , you 're right . 
  adding to this , you do n't pay for prescriptions in northern ireland , wales or scotland . 
  in england it 's # 8.40 , unless you 're pregnant , under 16 or over 60 years old , on income-support and a few other exceptions . 
  * edit : typed the wrong age *, 
  belgian system works this way too . 
  an english translation : * william the nasty man who killed three million men his wife , b\u00e9atrice who 's the queen of sausages she eats some orange pulp and turnips in white sauce and on sundays in her white dress and on saturdays in her bikini ouistiti !, 
  grew up in belgium , and i still hum this rhyme to myself occasionally . 
  used to be a clapping game too if i recall correctly . 
  looking back it 's quite a dark and filthy one for kids to sing . 
  i 'm ashamed to say we have one in london . 
  used only to pick up prescriptions though . 
  took me way too long to figure out that joke . 
  ofcourse it 's 12345 !, 
  two languages : un belge rencontre une superbe anglaise . 
  a belgian meets an superb english girl . 
  after a moment he decides to approach her and says : - i 'd be very happy to have a date with you tomorrow . 
  the english girl replies : - never !, 
  the belgian answers : - never and a half ?!, 
  ( never sounds like 9 o'clock in french ) ** edit : formatting *, 
  it looks like the desert someone else mentioned from croatia . 
  omg they all look delicious !, 
  just for easy linking : * [ christmas cake . 
  ] ( http://www.bbcgoodfood.com/sites/default/files/styles/recipe/public/recipe_images/buttered-rum-christmas-cake.jpg?itok=otmvb5uv ) either gets decorated by a layer of marzipan then a layer of royal icing on top , or with blanched almonds on top . 
  ] ( http://christmasstockimages.com/free/food-dining/sweet_mince_pie.jpg ), 
  would you be able to tell the difference between irish , welsh and scots gaelic though ? 
  easy for me would be : dutch , english , finnish , french , german , greek , hungarian , italian , polish , portuguese , spanish and welsh . 
  ones i 'd get puzzled by would be irish and scottish gaelic , norwegian and swedish ( think i 'd just about be able to pick out danish against them ) , i 'd just about be able to tell the difference between russian and ukrainian , and maybe catalan ( against spanish ) and slovenian . 
  the rest i 'd have no clue about . 
  moved from brussels a few years ago now . 
  does that mean there 's no more creepy dudes that follow you around the bourse anymore ? 
  i grew up in brussels and it 's impossible to get away with it there as practically everyone is bi-lingual , so english and spanish were no-gos for me . 
  but my mum and grandmother on the other hand were awful at it !, 
  chatting away in welsh to each other about anyone who passed . 
  only places they avoided it was in the uk and when we went on holiday to brittany ( breton and welsh are somewhat similar ) . 
  my dad and i never knew what on earth they were on about , but it was probably better to keep it that way . 
  well i 'm half english/half welsh , but went to an international school in brussels . 
  i was surrounded by belgian french and flemish ( similar dialect to dutch ) in my local neighbourhood , at home was a mixture of south london english and south walian english , then in school was dozens of versions of french and english . 
  to name a few there was irish english , polish english , british english , moroccan ( belgian and french ) french , southern france french , then the weird english dialect that sounds somewhat american that you only find from those that come out of international schools . 
  i dunno , i 've seen [ them ] ( http://www.sainsburys.co.uk/shop/gb/groceries/sainsburys-british-semi-skimmed-milk-bag-2-pint ) in the supermarket here before . 
  but they 've mostly been marketed as a more ` packaging ' friendly option , alongside the jug that you buy separately . 
  you place the bag in the jug so that it stands up straight as you pour the milk out . 
  a sunday roast . 
  never complete without yorkshire pudding and swimming in gravy . 
  do n't think anyone has mentioned * the inbetweeners * from the uk yet . 
  well worth a watch, 
  wales : i 'd probably say that if you ca n't pronounce * llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch * properly you 're not welsh .
