  i really think having a 200 + duel damage lc and io , and not trying to backdoor with relocate to remove t4s and put some pressure on eg when you are getting picked again and again , is a really bad decision, 
  because he plays super aggressive with the awp as he can rely on the cz . 
  he is an example of a player adjusting his playstyle to fit the meta . 
  he knows he can rush with the awp and kill someone because if there is enemy support he 'll be able to stand his ground with cz . 
   or you realize that you 're gon na lose and want to save time . 
  losing 5-0 ? 
  `` surrender or kick '' and a winnable match ends because some stupid guy thinks everything is lost just because pistol round + first gun round, 
  looking at twitter , most players are tweeting about it , so assuming they have him as friend - it might be true :(, 
  i think that , if they want to nerf cz-75 , they should also nerf ( slightly ) the other 1-shot hs pistols ( except for deagles ) . 
  people apparently have forgotten how good the p250 was before the cz was introduced as an eco pistol, 
  just for the laughs : https://twitter.com/olmochiara/lists/counter-strike, 
  esea 's anticheat is way more intrusive than vac , that 's why it detects more cheats . 
  make sure to check the original website to give them some visits , 
   we from trasgo.net contacted sune `` crzy '' hansen , a member of playing ducks who has unleashed all suspicion around cheats in the professional scene of counter-strike : global offensive . 
   crzyrecognizes that he does n't know exactly how the cheat through steamcloud works , but he could explain a few things about it : `` the cheat is loaded through workshop / steamcloud , and you do not have to run any file , once you have uploaded it , all you need is to log into your steam account , and the cheat is ready to be used '' . 
  he reveals that the names brought to light , came from a private conversation between two people , and he had no intentions about making the list public , but once the other side leaked it , he decided to mention it in his blog : `` my main idea was to create a discussion and get valve to take action in cases of cheating , what they are already doing . '', 
   the dane is confident we will soon be reading more shocking news about pro players getting vac banned , and firmly suggests : `` i think some players have been using cheats in lan , including smn at dreamhack stockhol . 
  it 's hard to say who used them , or who uses them , but i think time will tell when valve solves the problem of workshop / steamcloud . '', 
   it seems that the danish player was not misguided , since shortly after answering our questions titan player , kqly , received a vac ban in his account , and was dropped from the team . 
  it must be pretty depressing to find out you have been playing with a hacker and now you might be out of a major just one week before, 
   their ac still is bad/mediocre, 
  more like not as intrussive ; vac has less access within your computer , so ca n't fully investigate what is going on compared to esea 's anticheat, 
  420 sleep ` it, 
  valve is the kingdom of sales . 
  everything goes from 50 to 75 % off usually in christmas ; cs : go should be like 5 $, 
  it might be related to the whole signature thing - did they have to upload it through the sdk ? 
  yes , plus it has worked before ( you are only allowed to manually change your config through the menu , not the console , and mouse drivers are pre-downloaded as well ), 
  did i understand right : kqly only `` tried '' the cheat , and then did n't buy it ? 
  the witch hunting is getting to ridiculous levels ... maybe that computer was sent by ibuypower as they sponsor them , and azk had infected the computers to get out of groups at dhw because everyone else would be banned and he would end up losing against nip after pre-fixing that match with xizt . 
  yeah , ban everyone , surely that way there will be no more cheaters, 
   this is the time we should really be deducting these clips and figuring out if they 're really hacking or not ,, 
  you will not deduce whether they are hacking or not based on a bunch of clips that might be suspicious, 
   or maybe at least the valve dev 's who browse this sub will see it and go over it themselves . 
  and valve 's dev will not be able to deduce anything from a clip either - vac will go off or not depending on the player , and that will be their only and final stance . 
  they ca n't know whether a pro cheated in a specific moment in time - they can only check whether there are traces of cheats in his logs , and i 'm 100 % sure they have already done that, 
  game 1 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndjam9kuin0, 
  game 2 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-up2kv-hkb4, 
  game 3 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqzm9rgpdqc, 
  all of roomonfire 's casts end up getting uploaded to that channel , so make sure to subscribe to it i guess , 
  what if that 's the closest server they have ? 
  should they get horrible pings in other servers just because you do n't want to play with them ? 
  when you are getting rekt by people way better than you just because there is someone worse in their team , it 's pretty unfair too imo, 
  and then you might probably ruin the games you play for the opposing team as they try to kill you but they ca n't because you are a way better player ... 
  there is no `` good solution '' for the whole smurfing problem . 
  valve applied one solution , and just because some people do n't like it does n't mean that it 's completely wrong, 
  i think he is plainly a wannabe . 
  he started getting into political spheres , and as nobody asked him anythin ( i guess in spanish politics there 's not many questions to be asked ) he could keep on going to different events . 
  but at some points it got out of his hands , he started thinking he was more important than he was , and that ended up with some smart people realizing he was nobody to be where he was . 
  i do n't even think it 's mouse hitting keyboard , i think he just thought he was aiming at him and ( randomly ) tried to prefire , but he did n't shoot at the right place, 
  yo can complete every mission only once - apart from that , the path does n't matter . 
  so yes , you can , for example in weapons specialist , go for the 3 stars then use the shortcut to get the 2 stars mission, 
  egm 100 % winrate , hero literally broken, 
  if you are referring to the `` main '' steam interface ( aka steam.exe ) showing a green box on top asking you to confirm your mail - yes , i believe it is legit . 
  tinker + kunkka in base with `` x marks the spot '' maxed out to send him back, 
   this just makes me inclined to buy more smurf accounts and purposely keep them low to play with my friends . 
  then do n't complain when you get a cheater , because he is ruining your game just as much as you are ruining it with your low-ranked smurf for other players, 
  you could actually insult them via morse with the fake rp . 
  it does show the viewers , but i 'm not sure whether it sums all the streams or counts only the people playing with their twitch accounts linked to steam, 
  nip with literally 0 strats for cache 's t side ... 
  they are just running around waiting for a miracle apparently, 
  thooorin and fifflaren were joking about it before bracket was public , and ... damn , there you go , ldlc get their nemesis at the worst time possible, 
  i 'm still waiting for the darude music pack . 
  just imagine hearing sandstorm blasting full power after getting a mvp star . . 
   should n't it be odd if this is n't even occurring once when it occurred a lot pre dreamhack, 
  i do n't think 10 or 12 clips from the last 6 months is `` a lot '' . 
  and yes , there have been some `` flicks '' from tons of players this dhw . 
  do we asume they all cheat ? 
  if you saw the clip , and i told you it was flusha 's pov , i 'm sure you would take it as another proof that flusha is cheating . 
  that list has most of the pro players/casters/analysts / etc ' twitters added . 
  good luck though , i 've just spent around 20 minutes reading it all , it 's pretty interesting to see the change from people admiring the boost in the pistol round to the shitstorm starting , 
  i 've watched this whole event , parts of esl cologne , and almost all iem katowice , still waiting for the drops , 
  they are n't indeed , after watching the dust2 clips and i do n't believe they are clean . 
  but there are videos which i 'd say are legit and are being taken as `` toggle '' just because it 's flusha/olof . 
   would i just get them back or would i get my winnings too ? 
  i 'm afraid you could end up without getting any skin back, 
  there is a difference between boosting and exploiting an invisible ledge that gives you an enormous and unfair advantage in terms of map control . 
  ldlc did the former , fnatic the latter, 
  the worst thing for me was the devilwalk interview . 
  him saying `` they played better '' and laughing after profiting from something they know was a huge exploit , and having known it from months , just shows how low thay have gone in order to win a match in the dirtiest way . 
  absolutely zero respect for them from now on, 
  fnatic filling a complain ? 
  are this guys for real ? 
   for instance , with esl cologne , there was 1 na qualifier spot . 
  eu had 6 . 
  because cloud9 was already in - there will ( almost ) always be at least 2 na teams at majors probably, 
  the community still brings up the video from dreamhack bucharest 2013 . 
  this will not be forgotten easily , at all, 
  i think his only problem is he does n't give a fuck about the consequences of what he says , and sometimes that gets him into trouble or can be considered excessively edgy . 
  apart from that , he 's a wonderful analyst and surely the best historian out there, 
  what if you wait to do it ? 
  being in such a far away position , what are you going to do , look up every 5 seconds to see if they are boosting ? 
  yes , it can be countered , but that does n't mean the position is completely broken , and the reward clearly is worth the risk, 
  everyone complaining about nip being # 5 and i 'm still wondering why there 's no mousesports . 
  any special reason why they have been omitted ? 
  i ca n't help but feel they could consistently beat ibuypower and penta with ease , and i would even bet on them above cloud9 . 
  yeah , they were not at dreamhack winter , but they have been showing really strong performances lately , and fnatic 's poor performance at dhw early did n't affect their rank -- ca n't see why it should be different for mouz . 
  wait - the `` beep '' i hear from time to time comes from the stream ? 
  thank god , i was about to become crazy thinking about what could be causing it and whether i needed a new headset : /, 
   for the date when you linked cs to your steam acc, 
  plot twist : what if they ca n't have that date ?
