  divided by regions or whatever , i think it would also promote teams to pick up rising players . 
  yeah , you can see in this thread a lot of the people that complain about csgo do it on the basis of `` i won 3448 games and nothing happened , but then i deranked , broken system , bullshit !, 
  because after months playing , when the dota meta stales , the game starts getting boring as you always see the same heroes building the same items . 
  in cs : go , however , people ( inc. me ) have been playing the same map ( dust_2 ) the same way , without fundamental changes , for years and years . 
  in terms of pubs , every match is different , yes . 
  however , in terms of professional tournaments after 1 or 2 months of watching sniper/troll , it gets kinda boring , and a new patch brings a lot of previously unused heroes to the field . 
  yes , some regions might have been using them more than others , but still , after 3 months in a patch , for me , pro dota starts becoming less original . 
  i 'm not talking about impressing , i 'm saying that while dota has essentially had a lot of different iterations in terms of new heroes , new items , and map changes , dust ii has been the same for a decade . 
  and it still is arguably the most played cs map . 
  i 'm sure dota would n't be as good for me if the items , heros , map went essentially unchanged for years . 
  but yeah , well , that 's just , like , my opinion , man . 
  for me it 's different : i stack and pull to bring the lane back to our tower and my carry complains . 
  complex analysis , aka `` this integral looks horrible , but good thing the curve surrounds no singularities so it 's 0 ! '', 
   i have no clue about dota , but why doesnt valve take some split from csgo key sales and add that to the prizepool of the majors ? 
  wouldnt that be kinda the same ? 
  and it would be crowdfunded aswell . 
  they take a split from the sticker sales and add it to the money they pay . 
  the difference is , it 's not counted as `` prizepool '' and not announced as such . 
  but yes , they should stop giving money from stickers to the teams and instead add it to a bigger prizepool , like pasha said months ago . 
  it would be way better in terms of pr, 
  i have been using livestreamer to watch it on vlc , and it has been working mostly fine with a high quality . 
  ca n't talk about website stream though . 
  the best thing for me is that they brought a ton of new features to tournaments in cs : go when they started ( like player cams ) . 
  i hope they 'll be able to innovate in dota as well, 
  the knight we deserve , not the one we need, 
  the four color theorem is an option . 
  in my uni they had a ~ 1m * 0.5 m rectangle design with some shapes cut in four different colors , so you could , given a shape , choose the color . 
  [ paint for reference ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w7w0e3x.png ) : get four sheets ( or plastic , or what you can find ) , paint them different colors , cut them the same way , and put them on top of each other , and let students figure a way to arrange them so that no neighbours share colors . 
  i think it 's easier to consider it an induction problem , on the number of couples . 
  and kanye very much differs , as he is the only one that answers the question but whose partner does n't ( because , well , kim was the one to ask ) . 
  it 's also way better than the `` next match at 6:30 am pst/eat/wtf / its '' , when they put up timezones that i have no idea about , and if you are in mobile it takes some time to translate it to your own timezone . 
  open sourcing the code is always a good idea, 
  on the link you can find computer modern serif with different versions ( like italic ) . 
  getting the first one ( computer modern serif ) should work just fine , but if you need to add text in italic , upright , or other styles , you can find them there . 
  also , as far as i know latin modern is an extension of computer modern , that adds more glyphs ( for languages or accents that were n't represented before ) and is encoded in a more modern format . 
  if you pick 4 , not all the same equal , and to the same ( repeating the process ) , you end up at 6174 ( aka kaprekar 's constant ), 
  i do n't see it as a mess-up . 
  i think valve are trying several models . 
  ti had one type , frankfurt another , shanghai had battle pass , maybe they want to keep trying new things to see which ones work better . 
  i think `` general information '' should mention that , while you ca n't `` back '' to base like in league , you can buy tps ( and you should ! ), 
  to teleport to allied structures . 
  you might be interested in checking out the karush-kuhn-tucker conditions ( a generalization of lagrange multipliers for for your problem , that should essentially give you a set of possible solutions . 
  boyd 's and vandenberghe 's book on optimization ( http://stanford.edu/~boyd/cvxbook/ ) might be a good place to read about it . 
  considering eu and na are stacked with good orgs , i 'd say the second sea qualified team looks yummy for mouz, 
  it very much was the psoe that ranted about podemos = pp . 
  without that fear campaign , podemos might have had more voters , psoe might have had more seats , and we could be happily looking at a left-wing coalition . 
  do n't try to blame podemos for everything . 
   crazy shit in kings landing, 
  crazy as in everyone 's dead . 
  when the camera went up , some boats had tyrell and martell sails i think . 
  maybe they `` united '' their fleets in mehreen before leaving for king 's landing . 
  i suppose giving the organization duties to other companies , ie instead of esl one manila and then manila major , esl would get to organize the major with the big prizepool by valve , but still under esl 's brand, 
  for physics , the traditinal wat of calculating errors i learned would be : you have a function f ( x , y , z ) . 
  then ` [ ; df = | \\ partial f / \\ partial x | dx + | \\ partial f / \\ partial y | dy + | \\ partial f / \\ partial z | dz . 
  in your case you 'd have f ( x , y ) = k_i ( i , e ), 
  your axes are a and b. 
  for a given value of a or b ( i.e. 
  a line parallel to an axis , i 'll lock b ) , you can change your initial equation to a second degree equation , whose unknown is now a. 
  you can now use the a axis and a third axis perpendicular to the other 2 to graph the parabola you got , and the 2 solutions of the second degree equation will be such that they will be valid pairs for the b you fixed in the beginning . 
  so , from the initial solution , by graphing a parabolla in the third axis , you arrive to the second solution . 
  but you can also say it 's also bringing back careers of people that were moved to coach . 
  this rule means you now have to choose between a good igl and another player less able to call but better at fragging . 
  it puts more value on having good igls ( ie ex6 , pronax , etc. 
   there 's no extra advantage if everyone has the opportunity, 
  but we 're not in a level where every team has the opportunity to afford a coach . 
  yes , the top tier level teams will have a coach , but in lower , amateur levels , having a coach might mean playing 6v5 , so it gives you a big advantage that the other team may not be able ( financially , for instance ) to challenge . 
  virtually every major sport also has subs , should we allow people to disconnect from server to change the player mid-game ? 
  bring in a 12 people roster and choose the starting 5 based on the draft ? 
  no , because d i g i t a l s p o r t s are not like traditional sports , and should n't be compared . 
  for niuoniu :, 
  what 's your job as data analyst ? 
  do you parse data from games and pass it to analysts for balance measures ? 
  or are you more focused on playerbase analysis ( i.e. 
  where players come from and not what champs they play ) ? 
  what tools do you use to analyze ? 
  python + r , or other languages/software ? 
  how does your `` standard '' day job ? 
  9-to-5 in front of the screen , you work with your own schedule meeting some deadlines , meetings with a bigger team , commuting from home ? 
  fix every possible bug and add source 2 . 
  remove cheaters , and condemn them to prison in their own countries . 
  bomb ` nam until all of them play cs : go . 
  cure cancer . 
  implement world peace . 
  that 's surely a strange way to spell dagon + eblade, 
  he 's about to carry some * serious * weight, 
  23rd in valve time, 
  in some cases you can add an accent ( solo = alone , s\u00f3lo = only ) , but generally the context is what gives the info . 
  there are also different ways to spell a word with the same pronunciation ( for instance , ` b ' and ` v ' are pronounced the same way , and ` h ' has no sound , so ` hola ' = hello while ` ola ' = wave ) . 
  you can just read the communist party manifest , and compare it with podemos ' program , and you will easily see that they are not at all communists ( aside from the personal alignment of some people ) . 
  i mean , a party can not be considered communist if it does n't propose the expropiation of means of production . 
  a caliphate-based spain , with cordoba , toledo , granada , etc. , would indeed be a nice change from the more traditional `` everyone already expects the spanish inquisition '' . 
  the problem being , of course , that it is a much lesser known stage of the spanish history . 
  i 'd also like amadeus of savoy for a change . 
  arguably the only spanish king that no spaniard has actively hated . 
  have you thought about submitting them to qwertee ? 
  you could get some nice monies from it , considering de pok\u00e9mon fever is still going on strong . 
  they may think it 's a purchase and you need to pay taxes for it ( hence them asking for vat number ) , but just maybe . 
  we got fun and games, 
  you just read this in my voice, 
  and you lost the game,
