   the university of granada is shameful . 
  depends on the field . 
  it 's a fantastic university for mathematics and physics , for example, 
   the cheaters break the rules, 
  they do , but that 's not a reason to take their items away . 
  their inventory is locked but they can still use the items they have ingame if they want to . 
   better in your pocket than lock ? 
  well , it might be locked but it is still usable, 
  of course not ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   so why do n't people always try to plant the bomb ? 
  it would be a great advantage !, 
  one of the ideas of knife round is to make deciding sides completely unbiased - if you were allowed to plant you would already have an advantage, 
  i 'm gon na go all-in and bet you ca n't distinguish between people from loads of countries , and consider all of them russian just 'cause, 
  there are lots of good things to be said about them , but, 
   they also do know a lot of the game and rarely miss anything, 
  is definitely not one of them . 
  they are way better at casting `` play by play '' for the audience than at analysing what is going on . 
  i think they 're pretty good ( especially * ddk * ) and offer a solid alternative to `` classic '' casters ( tosspot , anders , semmler ) , but they are nowhere near the top tier level . 
  it 's still nice to see more options though , and i 'm confident they 'll improve their casting abilities . 
  incredibly high sensitivity , zero awareness of where teammates are ( not supporting them with flashes and smokes when they are facing enemies ) , bad rotations ( always either too soon if someone sees one guy or too late when bomb has already been planted ) , bad crosshair placement ( going around aiming at the floor instead of aiming at where the enemy might be ), 
  just tell them about the low violence ( - lv ) mode, 
   they are friends ** and more likelly going to fix this game for profit **, 
  and you are more than likely retarded . 
  glad but sad at the same time , i wish we could have a duo-cast with redeye + tosspot, 
  if you win , you are happy because you are the champion . 
  if you lose , then well , you still got some money, 
  same for spain , a small andalusian company with a facebook account which gave news regularly . 
  the day of the casting i think everyone was allowed to participate , and they just `` mass interviewed '' the volonteers . 
  your sensitivity also depends on your mouse dpi - 2 sensitivity with around 450 dpi is what is generally considered `` standard '' , although some players use higher or lower sensitivities, 
   out of 16 teams , only 2 are represented from the us . 
  it would likely be more if ibp was to avoid shitting the bed and actually make it out of group stages for once , but no 250k tournament has been hosted in the us and from each tournament so far the majority of money has gone towards the eu ; it would take a one-two sweep for the na teams to make more money than the eu . 
   tl ; dr : money bias in favor of eu . 
  valve is absolutely part of the problem . 
  well , i do n't think top 3 from north america ( denial/mousespaz , whichever you prefer ) could even pose a threat to , lets say , a top 10 eu team like mousesports . 
  so yes , it is sad that there are n't too many top teams , but it would n't be sensible to have a tournament in a place where most top teams would n't be able to go . 
  also ,, 
   na players likely open up just as many ( or nearly as many ) esports cases as eu players . 
  for all that opening , valve does n't do shit for them . 
  should teams be invited in terms of nationality ? 
  why is n't there a spanish team in dhw ? 
  damn , we open cases too , invite x6tence then !, 
  it 's in my opinion not about money , but about practice . 
  it 's easier to get better in eu as you constantly play against top teams and train with awesome players at all levels . 
  in na , the lack of top teams drifts them `` out of the meta '' , so whenever they come to europe , eu teams beat them just because north americans are not used to their tactics and ca n't counter them . 
  and by the way , not all european teams have money flowing into them . 
  only a few have salaries and are able to practice full time , and i 'm fairly sure lots of top players do n't receive a penny from their teams and all they get comes from partnerships , tournaments ' prize purses , and streaming . 
  every map is ct sided in terms of competitive play at the moment , then trend has been shifting and even in classic t maps ( season , dust2 ) you can see teams getting the majority of their ct rounds, 
  i have n't met any of them yet :( though some of my friends appear in the pics , it 's definitely weird to see them there lol, 
  because he spends the first half of the match not playing the game ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  try, 
  bind `` mouse3 '' `` use weapon_knife ; slot2 '', 
  bind `` mouse4 '' `` use weapon_knife ; use weapon_flashbang '', 
  bind `` mouse5 '' `` use weapon_knife ; use weapon_smokegrenade '', 
  the beauty of this video is not the ninja defuse in itself , but the fact that he uses the same smoke the ts throwed to plant the bomb, 
   sure we can use aug and sg to get super accurate first shots but i still think that the m4 and ak should have better accuracy, 
  then there would be no reason to use any weapon aside from m4/ak . 
  the whole point of first shot accuracy is making some weapons superior at long range . 
  lcs is indeed in my opinion really toxic for league of legends : riot fully controlling and funding which teams get to play at top level or not , and having the ability to ban players based on their behaviour , gives them a stupid monopoly of the competition . 
  current cs : go or dota 2 systems , with events all the year from different organizations ( dreamhack , esl , etc ) and with valve sponsoring some evens is a better way to do it, 
  then , if you want to go to the past , why not remove every weapon except for ak/m4/awp / deagle ? 
  it 's idiotic to say `` hey it 's call of duty !!! 1 ! '', 
  when the only new thing would be a bigger variety of weapons for different situations . 
  and by the way , sg and aug are not terrible , at all , so i guess you are talking without having tried them and speak with zero idea . 
  but hey , i guess you look like the classic `` hurr durr 1.6 is only cs every new thing sucks fuck volvo destroying the game '' that ca n't accept some changes are positive for the game, 
   wow , you 're really mad . 
  not really , just writing in between fnatic-ldlc rounds . 
   1v1 they will lose to an ak/m4/awp 90 % of the time, 
  however , the sg is better in almost every stat than the ak ( higher damage , higher armor penetration , higher accuracy , can accurately 1-shot people with a headshot from way longer than the ak ) . 
  well , [ just check this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2otmqi9iqo ) . 
   my point was that you ca n't just make every weapon work the same . 
  but that 's my point too . 
  every weapon must be different , but all of them must shine for some circumstances . 
  should the bizon 1-shot kill like the ak ? 
  no , but it 's not its purpose - bizon is a really useful weapon to stop second round rushes when they have no armor as you have a large clip and good dps . 
  same for ump - it 's a good smg for anti-eco when they have armor , especially now that the 2nd round nip buy is really popular . 
  if you want one weapon to be superior to everything else , even to the similar weapons that cost more , why do those other weapons exist ? 
  why not just delete them ? 
  [ and no , dust2 is not the only map i play , i 'm more into inferno and nuke ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem ) . 
  lcs was a good thing in the beginning when there was no such thing as competitive league of legends . 
  now , however , i do n't think it 's needed anymore . 
   giving players a salary allows them to put substantial earnings in their bank accounts . 
  it also means that they need to follow every riot rule in order to make a career in competitive lol , and that reduces their freedom . 
  not complying to riot 's rules means there 's no prize money for you to win , no teams that will accept you , no way to show you are a good player , and you are forced to abandon . 
   just because they ban players who make racist names, 
  i meant a case of a ( spanish ? ), 
  player in a eu team that got banned because he was a toxic player in solo-q ( i do n't remember his name ) . 
  why on earth should what you do when training or your behaviour influence your appearances at top level ? 
  lcs is an example for a new e-sport , of a company enforcing teams to go professional and making players work full-time . 
  however , i do n't think only one company should control whether you are able to pursue a career or not . 
  but , hey , that 's just my opinion , and indeed lcs has some fantastic good things . 
  nah , thooorin is not a hater , he may have wanted fifflaren to step down , but just because it was a decision that would help nip in the long term . 
  lurppis , however , will sleep well tonight, 
  there are some interesting courses at edx.org :, 
  * [ python ] ( https://www.edx.org/course/mitx/mitx-6-00-1x-introduction-computer-2841#.vffxdml1hpx ) , a sexy language in my opinion , there are a lot of things to do even with the most basic notions . 
  the course is awesome , i started it having no idea of functional programming , and it went reasonably well . 
  * [ haskell ] ( https://www.edx.org/course/delftx/delftx-fp101x-introduction-functional-2126#.vffwosl1hpw ) is an awesome language for mathematics , it is the one i used in my first year at university in our cs course . 
  i think it 's uglier than python , but it has a lot of tools ( mainly versatility of lists ) that allow you to directly apply math concepts to coding . 
  ps : it flashes when you get a new message !, 
  deagle is fine , some people use it and it 's a good weapon , just not to the ridiculous level of previous cs, 
  m249 , literally no reason to buy it at all ( unless you are 14-0 , want to troll and have no mony for negev ),
