  what did you do ? 
  i think i have the samy problem with an ati card : /, 
  natu and allu , players that have been playing cs * forever * in loads of lans and international events , vs. a reddit account just created to acuse them . 
  my two cents are with ence . 
   mmr loss i believe should n't be a binary, 
  they are n't , you can rank up in a loss or rank down in a win . 
  he wo n't be able to play competitive, 
  f0rest in balcony with the awp , nobody from na'vi appearing in second mid ... * fuck it , yolo * and rushes down with the cz-75, 
  check http://play.faceit.com/, 
  if you are a silver player , a global elit will seem like a hacker . 
  it 's not being better , it 's stomping and being able to kill everyone efortlessly, 
  you ca n't play at fnatic 's level , cs : go rank means nothing in terms of pro play . 
  a lot of pros are n't global elite and could really easily beat every ge out there, 
  1 ) i 'm not silver 1 , just as you do n't seem to be english by your use of language . 
  2 ) no , just no . 
  you try hard every game , they do n't . 
  you play a lot of mm , they do n't ( they are at esea or playing against other teams ) . 
  once i saw get_right playing competitive ( he is smfc ) and he got something like 54 frags . 
  i would say he was n't even paying attention . 
  3 ) if you go to a tournament using as your presentation your cs : go rank and your matchmaking stats they will kindly tell you to fuck off . 
  20 bullets in a clip , 3 clip = almost no bullets . 
  that 's its balance, 
  iberian/french/british , i do n't think others can get to texan servers without being like adren in european servers, 
  who exactly would pick 64tick ? 
  now that some people are suggesting things , here comes mine : man of the match . 
  it 'd be great to have a little discussion between vendetta , semmler and you to decide who was the man of the match , and why ( big plays ? 
  strats ? 
  1v5 ace ? ), 
  no workshop maps are played consistently . 
  only those featured in operations are played in servers . 
  if you want to play popular maps , try dust ii , inferno , nuke, 
  that moment when they * casually * take out two flutes and start singing to the rhythm of wrecking ball ... * sheer epicness *, 
   buy nova, 
  depends . 
  as ct , i do n't buy kevlar , i stick to p250/nades/kit . 
  as t , i like kevlar to go full yolo with the glock . 
  i would n't buy it , unless you have excellent aiming skills . 
  there 's a `` cart '' next to it . 
  if you go into apartments to play agressive , make sure you have backup . 
  otherwise , back off and stay passive . 
  always unless there are 4 in your team and you have almost no money . 
  you should always have body armor ( unless it 's a save round ) . 
  same for helmet . 
  if you save your body armor by surviving the round , do n't rebuy it unless it 's around the 40 mark, 
  jump to around 6:36:00, 
  you get a key that can open as many cases that contain your weapon as you want, 
  15 frags in 4 rounds against ems one champions , including an ace in pistol round , for a total of 29 ? 
  frags in the whole match , including all types of plays and weapons from famas 3k to awp ... that is probably the best performance i 've ever seen in a single map . 
  hats off to shoxie, 
  the `` watch twitch with others '' feature looks great , any eta ? 
  bayonet/m9bayonet safari mesh is fucking gorgeous, 
  with f0rest in jail and xizt leaving , will nip disband ? 
  whoops , was thinking euros : /, 
  rome was n't build in a day . 
  throw hours to the game and you 'll receive results back !, 
  not until you 're an okay player . 
  watch other people play , tournaments , pro 's vods , teams executions , youtube videos of tactics ( hatton has some superb ones ) , that will help you reach a better level , as well as training aim . 
  being outplayed and dying without even presenting a chance to fight back for 45 minutes wo n't help . 
  ^ ( source : same level as you , when i play with people of esea-worthy rank i feel ridiculously bad ), 
  hackers have to * pay * for hacks ... 
  i do n't think leaving it running is a major problem for them, 
  encourage overwatch ? 
  if you want to clean the community of cheaters then review , if what you want is cases then dont . 
  giving things away would encourage not paying attention and reviewing just to receive the case, 
  try :, 
  bind g `` drop ; say `` chops attained '' '', 
  pistols are too good : `` wtf ecos do n't exist now nerf pistols !! '', 
  aimpunch : `` wtf it 's impossible to win ecos remove it ! '', 
  the 5 years coin is not for steam accounts , but for how long have you had a cs game ( 1.6 or source ) . 
  the problem is , steam did n't track that since the beginning , so it 's not possible to know when you started playing cs in your account . 
  that 's why we have 5 yrs medal . 
  they only started tracking stats ( like hours played or when you activated games ) a lot of years after steam appeared, 
  try verifying your game integrity ( go to steam -  cs : go -  properties -  local files ), 
   officials from valve revealed in a short interview for a huge gaming magazine, 
  they also gave me a hl3 beta key to test it, 
  you ca n't because they are n't cheating and therefore they are n't doing anything illegal, 
  ok , ok , i need help : is it me being mad or does the `` scene '' change at the middle of the gif ? 
  in the end his hair looks different , he 's going slowlier and in a different angle , and he seems to be closer as we ca n't suddenly see his hand . 
  * conspiracy ? 
  what code are you using to bind the console ? 
  as / u/snuffered suggested , try :, 
  alias '' + ng '' '' + showscores '', 
  alias '' - ng '' '' - showscores '', 
  you ca n't put them in a contract simply , they ca n't be used, 
  try changing resolution two times ( to a random one and then back to your custom one ) ; if that fails , restarting the game should work although it takes some time, 
  to be fair , dota 2 also has that , and it is pretty awesome ( ca n't wait for xboct 's pack ! ), 
  as well as just an option . 
  yes , dota 2 is free to play , but still ... 
  de_import . 
  tried it today , and is such a good map , could be a great competitive map with a few adjustments imo, 
  if it 's so op use it yourself , surely a skilled guy with a good weapon outplays easily a noob with the same weapon . 
  also , the cz is a great addition . 
  not sure if it 's what you 're asking , but in general it will give you the line that minimizes the minimum distance from the points you have to the line . 
  you should check [ aops ] ( http://www.artofproblemsolving.com/forum/resources.php ) , definitely a fantastic web for olympiad problems ( many of them solved in their forums ), 
  no , you ca n't do anything, 
  150 bullets and 1 dream, 
  it 's copyright-free , change it as you wish of course . 
  actually i remember hearing that when you only have 1 bullet and there 's an enemy alive , so not really mine , 
  q to my highest weapon ( primary if i have , secondary otherwise ) , mousewheeldown for secondary , mouse3 for knife , f flash , c smoke , x he , z incendiary . 
  my q bind can be used to quickswitch when awping .
