  the last survivor will win a point for his house . 
  bad thing is , it is 6 players max : $, 
   10m $ : everyone who has bought the `` compendium '' get a new knife made especially for this event . 
  say goodbye to knife market prices, 
  [ s4 ] ( #s `` alice cooper - poison '' ), 
  i think he once said that he remembered it was a problem that involved an integer series and a squarefree number . 
  link him [ this ] ( https://plus.google.com/114134834346472219368/posts/fizbgkv4yew ) , 
  and also in my opinion 5 teams winning 20k  1 team winning 100k . 
  as far as i know ( or i 've read ) , source engine does n't really like 2-bodies collisions and ca n't really handle it . 
  44-9 in a 2-0 stomp in finals against virtus.pro #believe, 
  i can still remember matias prats ( presenter ) saying `` it 's the other tower , a plane crashed against the other tower !!!, 
  '' , and both of them realizing it was definitely a terrorist attack, 
   honestly , i didnt see him cheating in the matches that the cheater was playing with us . . 
  maybe you did n't see him , but he was cheating and you might have won those matches because of that , so ... bad luck , you 'll need some more wins, 
  epsilon is not that good in my opinion ( though they have excellent players , like scream ) , but the new ldlc looks fucking sick . 
  and do n't rule out hellraisers , they can even show up and make some people lose their skins, 
   i just needed to vent to someone about a couple of assholes, 
  that 's what they are , a bunch of assholes . 
  unfortunately there are a lot more like them , so ignore and move on , 
  cloud9  ibp , hr  mouz, 
  because allu & legija are fucking gods, 
   whats the point if ecoing 2 rounds if after you lose pistol you can armorpistol than eco once then full buy, 
  having full grenades ( + kits ) in round 4 , as well as more money in the bank instead of risking your economy to just one round, 
   did valve tell us about this ? 
  no they did not, 
  did you even read the comment ? 
  not their fault if other teams are blind, 
  4k now for the cw ? 
  kinda broken, 
   jw merely won some rounds, 
  he carried fnatic as much as he possibly could , ca n't win when one of your star players has a bad day and gets a 7-40 score against such a good team like titan . 
  kennys good but not best ( jw best ), 
  players decided to leave the organization although they also said it was n't because of problems and og were really nice to them all the time . 
  musamban1 says reasons behind leaving will remain private . 
  and also , they will keep on playing together as he mentions they will still go to their planned tournaments, 
  flipin has said ( via his twitter @flipin1 ) that they 'll receive a salary and move together to a gaming house, 
  is it safe to assume that team malaysia will be taking part in sea qualifiers instead of titan ? 
  was hoping for hr to win , but too many mistakes in their t play in overpass and some unlucky rounds . 
  still , impressive performance from them !, 
  all abord the hype train !!, 
  luna being force-staffed from one place to another while still hitting the throne was priceless, 
  support wraith king , he 'll feed half as usual . 
  de_import ( underrated as fuck ), 
  de_season and de_crown ( both will probably enter ), 
  to be honest i dislike toscan , but it will likely make it through just because people liked it in 1.6, 
  indeed , i would say 2k euro is more than the average salary in andalusia . 
  as long as you stay far away from places designed merely for tourists , you 'll find eating out is pretty cheap , so you might be able to stretch your budget a bit more, 
  at 450 dpi , 2 sensitivity should mean around 20 cm to rotate 180\u00ba . 
  yeah , it 's a long distance , but it improves your aim as you have a higher precision when moving the mouse . 
  3:00 pm pst, 
  it could appear afterwards with a message like, 
   xxx defused the bomb with y , yy seconds left !, 
   use coupon code : `` crash5 '', 
  the irony is strong, 
  imagine you get tk 'd and you choose not to forgive . 
  then the others would be angry at you because it 's now a 4v5 and would kick you making it a 3v5 and forcing everyone to be angry . 
  instead , you can always blame valve for their system and not get angry at your teammates, 
  i really think people are being too harsh with cevo . 
  they had a lot of computer problems indeed , huge delays that harm the spectator experience and very questionable casters - but they still deserve some recognition for going all in with not only a tournament but also lan finals for their first time . 
  it 's great to see more and more tournaments that give activity to the scene ( see cevo , faceit , esea , starladder , hitbox arena , ckoth , etc. ), 
  aside from the major tournaments ( dh , esl , eswc ) . 
  it looks like people do n't want them to go on with this project even though the community and the competitive scene are the ones that will benefit the most from it . 
   '' i cant prove that my irl friend is the one that have been cheating , and i know it 's retarted to even lend him the account in the first place . 
  but to my excuse , i really didnt know that all your accounts gets banned if 1 gets effected . 
  if i knew that i would never ever give him the account because i would never risk my career ! '' -- joel `` emilio '' mako, 
  [ the dunning-kruger effect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning%e2%80%93kruger_effect ) could be a huge reason to be against it - everyone would keep on resetting it believing they are much better than they actually are, 
  i think the 5th one is staring really close to the screen, 
  skadoodle carrying hard, 
   c9 was knocked out of the tournament after only one loss, 
  they lost 2 bo3s against ibuypower in a row - 2:0 the first , 2:1 the second, 
  as someone who always has +150 ping , trust me : you do n't want high ping . 
  countless times have i died just to see the guy who killed me peek after i 've been killed, 
  the skins legitimately belong to the cheater , giving them to you would be similar to stealing them from the cheater, 
  spanish here :, 
  please = por favor, 
  yes = s\u00ed, 
  no = no, 
  middle = medio, 
  short = corta, 
  long = larga, 
  drop bomb/weapon = suelta la bomba/un arma, 
  pick up bomb/weapon = coge la bomba/el arma, 
  give me bomb/weapon = dame la bomba/un arma, 
  rush = rush, 
  eco/save = eco/guardar, 
  buy = comprar, 
  tunnels ( dust2 ) = tunel, 
  if he has his skins stolen then he can sue valve for stealing his belongings . 
  it 's just not as easy in legal terms - would you like all your properties ( house , car , money accounts , etc ) being taken away from you if you stole something in a shop ? 
   but they have no value , they ca n't be traded or sold, 
  they have a value - they can still be used ( even if it 's only in non-vac servers ) . 
  also , i guess people who play with cheaters should have their skins taken as well for making you lose your time ? 
   a product that can not be sold or traded , by definition , has no monetary value . 
  it still holds a value , though . 
  items are made to be used , not to be traded . 
  your pictures from your childhood may hold no monetary value - but that 's not a reason to throw them to the bin . 
  yes , the skins will be untradable and wo n't go back to the market , but the owner will still be able to use them , so they are still valuable for him . 
  also ,, 
   and he could n't sue valve , because if he could , he would since they already made his items worthless, 
  he bought the items and valve has prevented him from selling them , not from using them .
