  i think defining `` flashed '' is the biggest problem here , as i believe cs : go considers almost anything as flashed, 
  now give me three french-speaking players better at their positions than the ones titan has ( scream excluded , they have already said they wo n't play with him ) . 
  unless you overlap matches that would be like a 1 week tournament , not that viable imo, 
  he starts becoming so big your pointer ca n't even click other enemy heros when they 're near him, 
  http://www.pordede.com/ , you have to register but there 's plenty of material for a lot of shows and films there, 
  i kinda prefer this version : https://soundcloud.com/lookatmyflugelhorn/tobiwan-is-metal, 
  flairs up !, 
  i was interested in them since they wey entered nip gaming as i really like their counter-strike team , and i too love their controlled playstyle . 
  plus , they seem to always be aware of what 's going on in the map , and have an awesome timing for rotations and counter ganks . 
  welp , with the prizepools and now the big names in the production crew , it seems gfinity is gon na get huge this year, 
  the buyback into disruptor 's glimpse , what an unlucky move for the invoker, 
  watching the player 's pov is the most reliable source i would say . 
  i believe all povs from majors are eventually uploaded ( or maybe only the demos ? ), 
  the best thing about seized is that he 's really young and has a lot of time to improve . 
  he is probably the biggest talent cis has right now , next to s1mple, 
  i however think people really underestimate penta ... 2nd major in a row getting to quarterfinals is not a small feat , and they have shown they can play with the big teams . 
  i 'd pick them over titan every day - if apex does n't go huge , and ex6 is n't able to counter them , kennys can not carry enough against a solid team like penta . 
  i think it would be really unfair - top tier teams could have easily 7 top players plus a coach while smaller teams would have to stay with 5 . 
  players should be able to perform in all aspects , and not shine in one because there will be a replacement for the others . 
  i do n't think we 've seen the same matches lately ... today 's vp vs c9 was super fun , for example, 
  do n't give it a name and wait for someone to quote it as * / u/wurstinator 's rank * . 
  else [ if ] , maybe if there is a similar concept in other area of mathematics , you could use the same term ( like isomorph being used both in algebra and in graph theory , for example ) . 
  else , just use the shortest , clearest , most concise notation you can find - be it * rank * if you find it convinient i guess . 
  yeah , i 'm also expecting announcements from cphgames , they will probably be the first lan where train is in the map pool , that should give valve a lot of data, 
  april 2nd , if they announce a new map , they 'll do it pretty soon , otherwise they will use the standard map pool i suppose, 
  plus , they probably want to `` overhaul '' all existing maps , mainly in graphic terms , so that the game looks better from an external viewpoint . 
  \\ #killallinfants 2015 ? 
   [ sylar to fall , liquid are doing it , they 're gon na take it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0haxeoxcei4 ), 
  team liquid wins a teamfight and , instead of getting a small advantage and backing for safety 's sake , they go on and try to finish the game . 
  eventually they kill sylar ( enemy 's most important player ) twice , win the match and continue on the lower bracket . 
  the big thing , though , is liquid were the na `` underdogs '' , whereas lgd was the chinese powerhouse , and in seattle they manage to kick them out of the most important tournament of the year , making the crowd and the casters go wild . 
   we are giving valve too much money, 
  too much money ? 
  welp , the game is available for 5 $ , i do n't think that qualifies as a lot of money . 
  the other things are just optional and not needed in any way, 
  valve 's biggest game is dota 2 , and trust me , they make way much more money from it than from cs, 
  the problem is , buffing the a4 would mean buffing an already strong ct side, 
   do you honestly still believe valve will ever put in actual work into csgo ? 
  do you know how valve works ? 
  their employees decide in which projects they want to work , so they ca n't `` add '' work to cs : go, 
  and osu ! , that is fun as hell to watch, 
  my recommendations for the andalusian part of the trip would be :, 
  if you are interested in going to the beach , there are good ones around malaga . 
  malaga itself , but also small villages like nerja , which is on the way to granada . 
  assuming you go to granada , book your alhambra tickets online in advance ( like , asap ) . 
  i 'd recommend you to spend at least 2 days there . 
  you could go to ronda afterwards . 
  on the way you 'll find the caminito del rey , which is a great place for hiking , but might be packed in summer . 
  i do n't really know much about it since it was re-opened recently , but i 've heard a lot of good things about it . 
  from ronda you have a lot of choices . 
  sevilla and cordoba stand out , from both of them high-velocity trains ( aves ) to both madrid and barcelona are available . 
  i 'd say sevilla , but just because it 's my hometown ( and i 'm objective when i say it 's the most beautiful city in the world ! ) . 
  you could , for example , spend 2 days in seville , go by train to cordoba , spend one day there , and go again by ave to madrid or barcelona . 
  ( if you choose to visit seville , tell me and i 'll give you a bunch of information and suggestions ) . 
  there are just too many things to do in andalucia . 
  for example , \u00dabeda and baeza are wonderful small towns , worthy of checking if you have more time . 
  not to mention cadiz , also fantastic with awesome beaches and food . 
  best idea : come back in a year for more !, 
  now some general recommendations :, 
  take care of heat . 
  always carry water with you . 
  avoid central hours of the day ( 2-4 pm ) as it might reach even up to 42\u00bac . 
  sleep during that time , and go to bed late , as the night holds the most pleasant temperatures . 
  a lot of people ( mainly the older people ) wo n't understand english , but will try their best to help you , and will think yelling at you will make you understand them . 
  it 's kind of the standard for us , we yell and do a lot of gestures if they do n't understand us . 
  avoid * touristic places * , mainly restaurants . 
  they tend to be more expensive , and sometimes food is worse . 
  some more typical places might look ugly , but the quality of the food will surely be superb . 
  i 'd say that 's everything , if you need something , just answer and ask , 
  then double ot , triple ot ... it 's more simple ( and more viable ) to leave it as is and force the 10 players to vote yes, 
  subreddit literally unmoddable, 
  the implication goes the other way around . 
  if \\ theta ( z ) is zero , then it has real part re ( z ) = 1/2 ( assuming riemann hypothesis ) . 
  however , there are points with re ( z ) = 1/2 that give non-zero results . 
  how do you know they have n't done anything ? 
  there 's people out there committing crimes - that does n't mean the police is n't actively trying to avoid it . 
  i once had a tiny that not only did n't level up grow , but also went for arcane boots -  soul ring -  bloodstone -  euls . 
  we lost too, 
  not much , around 15 minutes from the cathedral i 'd say , and you 'll be in the center until you arrive ( for example , it 's just in front of torre del oro ) - you just have to cross the river . 
  also , on the santa cruz question : if you can afford it , it 's a fantastic place to stay . 
  adr is better in my opinion - tagging 3 players with a scout , for example , is more important than finishing them with a pistol, 
  i just ca n't see tsm out of top three right now . 
  heck , i 'd even argue they are top one if you only consider the recent results , with them beating fnatic and nip in the last 2 lan finals . 
   do n't you think the dev 's would be buying or somehow getting all the hacks inside cheating forums and ban everyone ? 
  they probably do , but some of them are hard to track , or are made for just a handful of people that know the coder, 
  legit , i bought one a long time ago with a ksp related image , and a lot of friends did too ( some even bought 3 or 4 ) , with zero problems . 
  the mousepad is actually pretty good for its price, 
  it 's not a disaster , it 's actually a really smart system that adapts classic elo to a competitive environment where there are 2 teams of 5 players , which is n't easy . 
  yes , it could be better , but it 's not as easy as saying `` change it and improve it '' . 
  nip have a horrible tendency of getting ahead early and then waiting until either the other team catches up or they go so late that the gold advantage they 're holding to is negligible , and they end up losing . 
  so you will have people that have played the game for 5 hours using the same settings that teams that practice 10 + hours a day . 
  i still ca n't see how it would be good for the general playerbase . 
  you can drop radiance , pick ac , use manta , drop ac , pick radiance , use mirror image , and you have illusions with radiance and also illusions with ac aura . 
  and do n't forget about carrygan, 
  i 'm at 49372 , we had top 1 during the first half an hour or so but it has completely halted , and we are stuck at 5m . 
  i 'm now even afraid we 're not going to hit 10m, 
   are catalans very different from castillians in their behaviour ? 
  is it true catalans actually ressemble rather the french ? 
  or have newer generations been more integrated into `` common '' spanish culture ? 
  it 's not like everyone in spain excluding catalonia is similar .
