  maybe losing the pistol round gets you 1400 $ regardless of whether you stayed alive or not , * who knows *, 
  m4 has a faster rate of fire . 
  although you wo n't 1-shot kill enemies , it might be useful to deal more damage to them , as your team might finish them afterwards . 
  as a t , however , your purpose is to entry-frag , so you want to kill the enemy as soon as possible receiving as few damage as you can . 
  it 's also about personal preference , i guess, 
  will m4a1-s decrease in use after its recent nerf to the level of m4a4 , or will pros still use it more ? 
  has that change affected your ( or your teammates ' ) choice of ct weapon ? 
  we all hate and insult each other . 
  people from the north insult people from the south , people from on region insult people from another , people from one town hate every other single town , `` mine '' is always better than `` yours '' . 
  but , we do n't let any foreigner hate or insult us . 
  the second he does , the almighty spanish fury is released upon him . 
   currently we have system that limits the rank gaps between players , ( ... ) and destroys the balance of matchmaking . 
  how on earth can forbidding ges from playing with silvers destroy balance ? 
  the current system is ok : as much as someone can dislike it , it 's unfair to match people from higher levels with people who are bad at the game . 
  `` hey , but i want to play with my friends ! '', 
  - that 's like wanting to play football with your children , you can but you 'll destroy the experience for everyone else, 
  i think there 's a small tournament missing : lvp lan finals at gamergy ( madrid , spain ) , 5-7 december 2014 . 
  2800 $ prizepool + goodies ( 5x 600 $ gpus for winners , razer stuff for 2nd place ) . 
  more info :, 
  * http://www.gosugamers.net/counterstrike/tournaments/5342-lvp-gamergy-csgo-lan-finals, 
  * http://www.mediavida.com/foro/counterstrike/gamergy-2-edicion-2k14-gbots-campeon-525352 ( spanish , but understadable ), 
  missing shox 's pistol round ace vs vp and schneider 's 1v5 at katowice , but great video still !, 
   this way you can see all the different recoil patters , movespeed differences , running accuracy , jumping accuracy , etc. 
  i just do n't think a guy that just got into the game will even think about that . 
  it might seem simple for a player that has been in the game for a long time , but for someone coming from cod for example , recoil will just appear to be 100 % random , they wo n't notice speed because they wo n't know basics of movement , they wo n't notice accuracy because they will play with high sensitivity and wo n't aim , etc. 
  when you go to a restaurant , do you pay the waiter for advice on what to order ? 
  p2000 amber fade fn , around 4 $ when i sold it, 
   his resume for the year is pretty big considering their big slump . 
  it 's pretty surprising that despite winning 3 tournaments and getting to finals of all 3 majors this has been a bad year for nip - speaks a lot about their past performance, 
  probably they will remake another map like they did with train - and hopefully it will be nuke to balance it out and , in general , overhaul it, 
   because i would love an expert bot over any one of my teammates in mm, 
  then you might kick a teammate because you prefer playing with a bot - that 's what the system wants to avoid, 
  then instead of playing a team game people would just try to frag all the time , bait their team mates , flame people for stealing kills and going for flashy plays that increase the performance even though they make the team lose . 
  so no , better rate all equally based just on the match, 
  i 'd vote for franco to revive before voting rosa d\u00edez, 
  zeus and doom were useless against the mass healing in game 2, 
  in terms of individual skill , he 's in my opinion top 1 . 
  man , gtr knows what you are going to do before you actually do it . 
  he has n't been too consistent this year though . 
   never been interested in them, 
  well , then i do n't get why you are posting here : /, 
  the problem is , there is an even number of pixels in your screen , so the crosshair will never represent accurately the position you are aiming at if it 's only one pixel wide . 
  tl ; dr everyone is a hacker . 
  stop with the witch hunt , really , is getting boring . 
  they have a 2-year contract with virtus.pro , and a great position , they would n't risk it for a handful of skins . 
  i do n't think penta players where salaried when they beat ibp at dreamhack winter . 
  they probably know way more smokes than the average league player . 
  also , not all smokes are `` efficient '' , there are a lot of cool smokes that are useless , in the sense that they do n't add anything special to a strat and you can throw them way easily without as many risks of failing . 
  not always is it viable to smoke upper mid from ct in mirage for example . 
  someone should tell clg the smoke they are throwing for ct window leaves a spot for the cts to watch through - so many kills by jw and olofm because of ts in upper mid thinking that was completely smoked off, 
   cs : go is growing fast , but the growth is going unmet ( game performance , tournament scene , etc. ), 
  valve has already given 1.000.000 $ in prize money in majors , plus all the money invested to organize them . 
  it 's not like they have to put all the money - actually there 's not much more they can do . 
   no competitive hostage maps . 
  competitive/professional hostage map gameplay would be intriguing, 
  more like intriguing , they would be ridiculously t-sided , and a camp fest . 
   current system encourages smurfing , hacking , and boosting, 
  every system will encourage hacking and boosting , idiots will still be idiots . 
  on smurfing : the problem is smurfs ruin the experience for everyone else . 
  so the problem is not the system but the guys who exploit it . 
   first shot inaccuracy introduces unwanted random element to the game, 
  it introduces balance to weapons - if you want more accuracy , invest more . 
  the game has more shades than sheer aim - it 's a game about economy and strategy . 
  it is a random element , yes , but a needed one , as not every gun has to be a quake railgun . 
   ak47 , m4 , and awp dominate competitive/professional play, 
  nothing to do , some guns are just outright favorable , plus the point before contradicts this one . 
  there is actually a good variety of pistols being used , scout , famas and galil are used in low buys , and smgs in anti-eco . 
  it 's not that bad . 
   teammates in matchmaking have no useful means of communication, 
  there is a language option in dota 2 and i still get paired with people that talk to me in russian . 
  valve could do it , but it 's just useless . 
   team damage and team kills can not be forgiven in necessary circumstances, 
  valve has already said they 'd rather see the players blaming the system than their teammates . 
  yeah , this is friberg 's b hold . 
  also , it might seem impressive , but you ca n't see maikelele 's frag saving him from the flank which also wins them the round, 
  sometimes they are holding such a tight angle that the crosshair would n't let them see . 
  i do it because most of the times you will kill him through the wall ( it 's a small distance so with awp it will be enough damage ) and you have a bigger reaction margin, 
  rip, 
  really happy for dignitas . 
  not a final/lan win , but they really deserve this bronze medal after so much choking , let 's hope they can finally win some tournaments in 2015, 
  surprising , really ; glad to see more orgs like tsm investing in cs : go . 
  will dignitas now take another team ? 
  maybe one of the teamless danish lineups ? 
  happy for sure, 
  [ i would n't say this is watered down pop music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcwbsedgkx0 ) . 
  flamenco is in my opinion really important in terms of musical influence , mainly in southern spanish groups ( c\u00e1i , triana , medina azahara , for example ) . 
  psoe will lose all support if they form a coalition with pp . 
  the right wing will still vote pp ( because the right wing voters do n't ever change their vote apparently ) but the left would never , ever vote again for psoe, 
  la m\u00fasica , yo dir\u00eda que son [ dulzaineros ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozhgchfnfkw ) . 
   having one person on the team mainly playing pistol, 
  and probably getting rekt every time be enemy riflers . 
  you can be good with pistols , but not to the point of consistently beating enemies that have superior weaponry ( asuming you are at a similar skill level ), 
  easy : because they need to be differentiated . 
  otherwise , there would be no way to tell whether stickers are from katowice 2014 or from dreamhack spring 2017 . 
  nah , they are saying that there are way better teams that wo n't ever be able to win such a big prizepool as they are forced to play with the big teams . 
  hellraisers did it in season a long time ago ( when they had adren and markeloff ) , against vp if i 'm not mistaken . 
  and they actually overrun them with the 5 scopes t side strat, 
  what does `` flashed '' mean , though ? 
  most of the times you can throw a pop flash that slightly flashes you too , but you can clearly see . 
  however , that will count as flashed to you .
