most of our border with bosnia is the rivers sava and una in the north and the dinaric alps in the south . 
  there are very few non-natural and non-defensible borders in croatia , owing to a long and troubled history with our neighbors . 
  the `` softest '' border we have is with slovenia , unsurprisingly because we never fought them . 
  ever . 
  perhaps the irony of the fact that the same type of explanation can be made for the statement about `` poland is responsible for ww2 '' ? 
  yeah , there are many angles to every historical event , and no single interpretation is `` the truth ( tm ) '' , but if poland is in any way responsible for ww2 then surely , serbia is twice as responsible for ww1 . 
  yet here you are explaining why serbia is not responsible , yet only 2 comments above your idiotic compatriot is explaining how poland is . 
  oh the irony !!!, 
  it burns !, 
  `` dealing with it '' may be overselling it . 
  if anything , serbia is doing exactly the opposite - not dealing with it and letting the problem pass to other countries . 
  if serbia sealed its border with macedonia , we would n't be having this conversation . 
  letting hundreds of thousands of migrants roam your countryside freely while trying to get into neighboring countries is not `` dealing with it '' . 
  `` oj vu\u010di\u0107u , \u0161alji nam salate , bi\u0107e mesa , bi\u0107e mesa , klat \u0107emo imigrante ... '' something like that ? 
  the current serbian government has done nothing but poison the relations with croatia and since they took office . 
  things were pretty settled a few years ago before these literal chetniks ( nikolic is an honest to god chetnik voivode , vucic is his protege ) and their retarded little helpers in the form of dacic and vulin started making all these inflammatory statements , trying to make trouble every fucking chance they get in a bid to cover up their own incompetence and lack of political ideas . 
  if we look at last this year alone , we have seselj released from hague on medical leave , and yet he 's still healthy enough to burn croatian flags left and right and raise tensions without any reaction from the serbian government , we have the rehabilitation of war criminal draza mihajlovic , leader of the ww2 chetniks in serbian courts , we have vulin talking shit in jadovno ( calling croatian bishop and sainthood candidate stepinac an `` ustashe vicar '' ) , we have dacic sending demarches to croatia 's nato allies warning them they will `` provoke serbia '' if they participate in croatia 's 20th anniversary of victory in homeland war military parade , vucic declaring a day of mourning ( 20 years too late ) on august 5th , the victory day in croatia , only days after he did his little show in srebrenica to provoke a violent reaction from mourning mothers and relatives so he can play a victim , we have vulin threatening croatia with legal ( and further ? 
  ) + action over its sovereign right to close its borders , we have serbian officials mocking croatia 's `` lack of ability '' to deal with the refugee crisis , the list goes on and on . 
  how much shit are we supposed to take before we say enough is enough ? 
   lmao says the guy whose pm made childish comments like `` we are le eagle that will eat le fly xd '' a few days ago . 
  while replying to even dumber comments by serbian minister of labor . 
  and he said it when he was asked to comment on that jackasses statements . 
  and he quoted a roman proverb `` aquilla non capit muscas '' , which , unless you 're a complete fucking illiterate , is n't meant to be taken literally , but rather to the effect that he , as a prime minister , wo n't comment on something a hawkish little whothefuckcares from serbia said . 
  `` an eagle does n't catch flies '' . 
  a prime minister does n't comment on statements from foreign officials beneath his status . 
  are you a retard in real life or do you just play one on reddit ? 
  of course i 'm not talking about legitimate fucking cargo trucks !!!, 
  i 'm talking about smugglers who are taking advantage of the refugee crisis to smuggle people , drugs , weapons and who knows what else into western europe via the `` balkan route '' !, 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  should croatia just capitulate to this `` crisis '' and lose any semblance of law and order ? 
  hell no . 
  serbia is playing a very dangerous game here . 
  before the hungary-serbia border was closed 4-5 thousand migrants were crossing into hungary on busiest days . 
  when hungary closed its border and the traffic was rerouted to croatia , suddenly we have 10 000 people crossing daily . 
  how is this possible unless serbia is actively diverting the entire refugee flow towards croatia ? 
  petty and vindictive , as serbian politics usually are . 
  that 's why croatia closed its border , and that 's why serbia will have to start doing something about the refugee flow on its southern border or risk massive economic damages . 
  oh really ? 
  and what if the truck has a fake back ? 
  or a fake bottom ? 
  or if it 's full of heavy boxes and people are in them or behind them ? 
  i mean i can think of at least a dozen ways a person can be smuggled over the border and i 'm not even a smuggler . 
  those are quite resourceful . 
  considering that croatian authorities are absolutely overwhelmed with cca 5-10000 refugees entering croatia daily from serbia , i think that 's it 's reasonable to assume they no longer have the capacity to inspect all those trucks properly . 
  i think this is a method of political pressure on serbia to curb the flow of immigrants , instead of just letting them pass unimpeded , and even directing them to croatian border . 
  have you been sleeping under a rock for the past few weeks ? 
  have you not seen stories about trucks filled with dead illegal immigrants in austria and other countries ? 
  not every truck can be inspected and smuggling people is hell of a lot more profitable than transporting legal goods . 
  because serbian is full of turkish loanwords and phrases that do n't exist in croatian . 
  specific grammatical rules are also quite different . 
  also , certain dialects like torlakian ( as seen in the movie `` zona zamfirova '' ) do n't even follow grammatical rules of so-called `` serbo-croatian '' . 
  i 've never been to serbia , i do n't watch serbian movies , read serbian books or listen to serbian music and thus am not exposed to enough serbian vernacular to be able to understand significant parts of it without subtitles . 
  i 'm sorry if this offends you , but that 's just how it is . 
  yes . 
  yeah , a 1300 km fence over mountains and shit . 
  thank you hungary , yuo always into clever . 
   why did you let them you say that as if we had a choice . 
  what did you think was gon na happen when hungary fortified its border ? 
  all the migrants were just gon na say fuck it , party 's over everyone , we 're going back to turkey ? 
  lol . 
  so why are all these migrants still arriving into croatia after it officially closed its borders ? 
  serbia - literally dindunuffin country . 
  again with the dick measuring ? 
  serbia has been anything but a good neighbour since this administration took office . 
  constant provocations and grandstanding seem to be the new normal in serbia-croatia relations . 
  these migrants are already deep into european territory . 
  preventing them from entering croatia , if such a thing were even possible , would only push them back into serbia which is even less capable of dealing with the crisis , especially if it becomes a `` hot spot '' instead of a transit country for refugees . 
  this issue has to be dealt with on a eu level and the influx has to be stopped before they reach european soil , otherwise it 's pointless . 
  actually we have 48 active main battle tanks and 24 more in storage , vs hungary 's 32 active and 42 more used for spare parts and target practice . 
  in terms of technology , hungary 's tanks are m-72 , a soviet design , croatia 's are m84d , a croatian modernisation of a yugoslav design based on the m-72 . 
  i 'm as surprised as anyone , but it seems croatia has the edge on hungary , at least as far as tanks go . 
  yes , it is , but the sheer number of migrants flooding our borders has overwhelmed our bureaucracy and police force , our refugee processing centres are full and we have no way to cope anymore except by just letting them through to wherever they want to go ( and it sure ai n't croatia ) . 
  no it 's not . 
  bosnia is still predominantly christian . 
  there 's a large muslim minority , yes , but there are more christians ( catholic and orthodox ) than muslims . 
  of course , in bosnia religion also pretty much determines ethnicity , so most orthodox are serbs , most catholics are croats and most muslims are bosniaks . 
  bosniaks are a plurality , but not a majority at around 48 % . 
  `` aquila non capit muscas '' - roman proverb he was just being a smartass , but the sentiment is real . 
  who the hell is some insignificant minister in serbia to threaten croatia over closing its borders ? 
  he could have been even more badass if he said `` a lion does n't concern himself with the opinion of sheep '' . 
  why the fuck should it stop in croatia though ? 
  we 're not their intended destination , a week ago most of those migrants did n't know we even existed . 
  we ca n't protect our 1300 km border with the western balkans from every one of these hundreds of thousands of migrants , that 's simply unfair to demand of us . 
  fuck it , if greece which is in schengen did n't stop them , we have no moral or any other obligation to do so either . 
  eu policy on this issue has broken down at that point and there 's really no sense in invoking `` the rules '' now that they 're at your border . 
  just do what croatia does and let them through to austria and germany , since mama merkel was kind enough to extend them her `` herzlich willkommen '' , and let the big boys sort this out among themselves . 
  also , it 's really rich hearing slovenians talk about `` the rules '' and `` protecting borders '' when your government was ready to block us from ever entering schengen regime over us ending border arbitration over their own stupid mistakes just a few months ago ... 
  goes to show what goes around comes around , sometimes much faster than you expect . 
  the point is you ca n't be taking stands slovenia . 
  they 're already in the eu , what are you going to do , force croatia to become beirut just so our northern neighbours would n't get offended , god forbid ? 
  we 're all in this shit together , imaginary lines on a map are n't going to prevent these people from getting wherever they 're headed , and that certainly is n't croatia or slovenia . 
  if you 're going to stop the influx of refugees it has to be somewhere where it 's viable to do so , not in the western fucking balkans . 
  build a 4 meter fence on bulgarian and greek border with turkey , and send european navies to patrol the mediterranean . 
  help stop the humanitarian crisis in their home countries . 
  stop providing resources to terrorists posing as freedom fighters and dictators posing as problem solvers . 
  demand that the eu take some fucking responsibility for what 's happening . 
  and for fuck sake , stop dreaming about how evil croats hate slovenians and are doing all this to spite them . 
   croats are just dicks with their dickwaving how they are always better than serbia really , is that what we 're doing ? 
  that 's some wicked inferiority complex you have there pal . 
  most of them got on a boat , floated 10 km out to sea towards greek islands off the coast of turkey and then called for help with their mobile phones so greek coast guard would have to come and pick them up .
