  this is the gold standard right now as far as eastern mediterranean route goes , and it 's much easier ( though probably not safer ) than the italian route . 
  in bosnia they would have to brave very rough terrain like crossing major rivers ( many of which have steep canyons ) and hiking over karst mountains up to 2000m high to get to croatia . 
  and when they get there , the croats would still be able to stop them from going north very easily since the terrain is n't any more forgiving , in fact , they would have to cross the most dangerous croatian mountain , velebit to get anywhere close to slovenian border . 
  they could try the sea route of course , and cross the adriatic into italy , but i doubt they 'd find as many smugglers ready to transport them as they did in turkey . 
  and the adriatic is no joke either , especially in winter , when the cold bura winds blow from the east ... 
  very easy to get killed going out in such weather . 
  well , i do n't know about these `` croations '' , but i 'd say they can expect the same refugee treatment from croatians that they would get in any other part of the eu . 
  free food and board , right to asylum , right to live and work in croatia and even receive citizenship if they want and work for it . 
  it seems to me that should be enough for anyone , no ? 
  why do n't they want to stay then ? 
  why is only `` germoney '' good enough ? 
  because they can get higher benefit payments ? 
  but life is also much more expensive in germany than in croatia , so there 's no direct benefit . 
  the job market is better you say ? 
  but they do n't speak the language , most of them barely speak english , why do they think jobs will just be waiting for them there ? 
  are you implying that croats do n't live in decent conditions ? 
  yes . 
  [ this ] ( https://misportal.hcr.hr/hcrweb/faces/simple/map.jspx ) is the most accurate up-to-date map of the minefields . 
  they follow the former front lines very closely . 
  a huge percentage of the minefields has been cleared , but at least a 100 million euros more is needed to clear the rest . 
  only on the former front line in eastern and south-eastern inland parts of the country . 
  there were never any mines on croatia-slovenia border , the refugees can just walk over with no danger whatsoever . 
  and the terrain is rolling hills , forests and very minor rivers so they 'd have no problems with movement at all ( unlike going through bosnia for example ) . 
  so what , 2 months at best , if slovenia even wants to commit to such a fence ? 
  that wo n't help one bit with the 100 000 + immigrants on the move right now , and winter is just around the corner anyway . 
  it will stop migration dead in its tracks for at least a few months and by then eu could have a coherent strategy to stop the next wave at greek and bulgarian borders with turkey . 
  this clusterfuck is the direct consequence of eu 's inability to act on anything without years of debate and political bargaining . 
  well , if it 's cold enough sections can freeze over enough to walk over , but then again if it 's that cold these people would be at a real risk of dying of exposure , especially if they 're not accustomed to how harsh continental winters can get . 
  last year -10 \u00b0 c was seen for many weeks at a time . 
  on the other hand there are literally thousands of little boats that could be used to ferry them over , since these rivers are very clean and fishing row boats are everywhere . 
  i do n't think these rivers would present much of an obstacle in any scenario , especially when we see how determined these people are . 
  danube and sava on the other hand are significant natural obstacles and are also well patrolled by police , so if croatia decides to close its border with serbia , i think the tide of refugees will be trapped in that country . 
  bosnia and herzegovina is far to rough terrain to cross on foot , as it 's full of river canyons , narrow mountain passes , dense forests and of course numerous uncleared minefields from the last war . 
  the western border of bosnia with croatia is even more difficult , as it 's mostly composed of the highest peaks of dinaric alps . 
  so yes , i think croatia could stop the tide if they turtle up and start acting like hungarians . 
  there 's literally zero chance of that happening any time soon though because the government is commited now , the elections are in a few months , any backtracking can only hurt them , and croats are still divided on the issue . 
  both rivers can be swam across without too much trouble , water levels rise only in spring . 
  mura is especially easy to cross . 
  hungary - serbia = 151 km build time = 6 months slovenia - croatia = 667 km build time = ?? 
  is n't that the worst serbian tabloid ? 
  where did you hear that ? 
  croatia is the only country these people entered that is doing the responsible thing in accordance with un convention on refugees , and that is to register them on entry , transfer them to refugee centers ( which are being overwhelmed as we speak , official capacity is 1800 , yet 5650 refugees entered croatia this night alone ) , and from there they can ask for asylum , which starts a legal process , but they are not prisoners , and croatian police is already overwhelmed . 
  they can and probably will just walk out of these refugee centers and continue to wherever they originally set out to . 
  when they get to slovenia border ( which is 667 km long btw ) , they can just walk into schengen area . 
  eu ** can not ** return all of them to croatia , because even the agreed upon quota for croatia ( 1060 people ) has already been surpassed 6 times over . 
  this is not only croatia 's problem . 
  it 's europe 's problem , and europe will have to deal with it together . 
   anyway 80 % would so or so be diverted to richer nations , even if they are registered in hungary , croatia , greece , italy or slovenia . 
  [ mrw ] ( https://youtu.be/qokociu8t_q?t=5s ), 
  i imagine it went something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te ) . 
  well , then they can swim . 
  literally . 
  it 's just a short dip in the adriatic from koper to trieste . 
  of course , someone will offer them boats and such , but in reality , once they enter slovenia , they 're home free . 
  and even if slovenia completely closes its borders , you do n't think croatia is just going to keep them all ? 
  crossing the adriatic is much much safer and easier than crossing the mediterranean . 
  when there 's no wind it 's almost like sailing on a big lake . 
  yeah , i 'm afraid there 's no way to stop these people reaching wherever they 're headed . 
  that chance was lost on the turkey-greece and turkey-bulgaria border . 
  now it 's berlin or bust . 
  lol ... what a shitstorm this is shaping up to be . 
  actually , we did beat you . 
  we beat you so hard you never recovered , and never tried to launch another campaign into europe again . 
  battle of vienna was as much croatian victory as it was austrian , but i 'm not talking about that battle . 
  no , i 'm talking about this one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sisak this was the battle that secured croatia 's borders for the next 500 years . 
  also , your greatest ruler , suleyman `` the magnificent '' died 30 years earlier in the battle of szigetvar and by heroically defending and then blowing up thousands of turks by laying a trap in the destroyed fortress , croatian ban [ nikola subic zrinski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_szigetv%c3%a1r ) singlehandedly delayed the invasion of austria for many , many years and allowed the austrians to regroup and build up enough to win when the last attempt was launched almost a 100 years later . 
  so yes , we did win against the ottomans militarily , and as for the `` tribute '' part , i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  would you please provide sources for such statements ? 
  we never bowed . 
  croatia owes its weird shape today to ottoman aggression . 
  in fact , that shape is the high water mark of ottoman westward expansion into europe . 
  this far , no further . 
  croatia is as far from the external borders of eu ( not counting the western balkans ) as sweden or denmark . 
  it just so happens that we 're on the route from east to west and that our eastern and southern eu partners did nothing to stop this tide of refugees or register them in their countries . 
  now we have a tide of refugees ready to cross into croatia and we should `` respect the eu agreements '' ? 
  why do n't you tell that to greece and bulgaria ? 
  in fact , if eu is so fucking afraid of muslim women and children fleeing warzones , why do n't they finance building of a 10 meter wall at the bulgarian and greek border with turkey , and redirect eu navies to create a blockade in the mediterranean ? 
  because they ca n't , because they 're bound by un agreements and international law to accept these refugees , and now the wealthy western members of the eu , whose countries are the desired targets of this immigration/refugee wave want to shift the responsibility for everything to the eastern members by invoking `` asylum in the first eu country they step foot in '' . 
  well they ca n't step their foot in england first , in fact , apart from icelandic and irish refugees it 's a geographical impossibility . 
  so what the fuck are we supposed to do ? 
  grant asylum to a million syrian refugees , destroying our economies and permanently overwhelming our individual cultures , religions , etc. ? 
  come on . 
  this is not a normal situation . 
  this is a world crisis , and no one country can be expected to deal with it alone . 
  til putin is literally worse than hitler . 
  see , as someone who was on the other side of that particular event , i remember vividly how croatian tv and radio broadcasted non-stop appeals to serb civilians to stay and that croatian police will protect them . 
  now , had i been a serb in krajina awaiting arrival of croatian troops i admit i might have been panicked as well , but the reality is that , contrary to what modern serb nationalist interpretation would have you believe , the military operation and the aftermath were really handled lawfully and with utmost professionalism . 
  there were incidents of looting and murder , yes , but that is almost impossible to prevent when you have 500 000 people on the move . 
  after all , that 's why the police was there , just behind the military , to try and prevent any potential acts of retribution and pillage , though we can certainly debate how effective they were , at least it shows the intentions of the croatian government to prevent lawlessness . 
  however , compare it to any major modern military operation and you 'll see how clinical and careful storm was , particularly in terms of preventing civilian casualties . 
  i do n't expect the serbs to ever come to terms with their losses , but i do expect them to acknowledge that at least croatia did n't have the intention or any direct part in the exodus of krajina serbs ( other than initiating a military solution to reclaim its internationally recognized borders after all diplomatic attempts failed ) . 
  to call it `` ethnic cleansing '' is an insult to both krajina serbs and croats , and a gross misrepresentation of the facts . 
  and yet the `` statistical probability '' of 300 civilians being killed in a military operation involving almost 500.000 soldiers and 10 000 km2 changing hands in only 3 days is denounced by serbs as the `` greatest war crime since ww2 '' ( talking about operation storm of course ) , worthy of poisoning relations 20 years later and proclaiming a national day of mourning ... holy shit that is some twisted logic . 
   we literally left 24 hours before croatian army came in . 
  why did you leave , under whose orders and do you consider yourself `` ethnically cleansed '' by the croatian authorities ? 
  serbo-croatian exists as much as dano-norwegian or czecho-slovakian . 
  so it 's obviously incorrect based on that alone . 
  careful now ... 
  how does she manage to turn a political crisis into an environmental rant ? 
  please do n't listen to my ignorant countryman .
