  let it also be said that at that time croatia was already de facto independent because it had broken all legal and political connections with yugoslavia on the 8th of october , after jna planes hit zagreb in an attempt to assasinate tudjman and decapitate croatian leadership . 
  yeah , of course , there were around a 1000 lightly armed defenders in the city ( though they avoided the old town precisely because they feared it would be attacked ) . 
  this was n't the first day of the siege , it lasted for a few months before it , but no one believed that the jna would dare attack the old town . 
  let me also stress that the defenders were overwhelmingly locals , defending their homes . 
  on the other hand , the jna had over 30 000 troops in the dubrovnik area , 120 pieces of heavy artillery , navy support from the sea , etc. 
  it was n't a fair fight in any sense of the word . 
  planes and tanks that are in such disrepair that they ca n't even roll out of storage on their own power are not a force to be reckoned with . 
  also , croatia has the s-300 anti-air system that was used during operation storm to deny flight over entire croatia and bosnia to great effect . 
  it 's probably in storage now , but there 's hardly a better ground to air system in the world , apart from the newer s-400 . 
  more beautiful than [ ever ] ( https://youtu.be/yy_2dbhbtlg ) . 
  it was completely restored after the war . 
  one half assed effort by a politician does not an appology make . 
  in my experience , a lot of montenegrins genuinly feel ashamed of their part in the siege of dubrovnik . 
  serbs mostly do n't show any remorse , instead always trying to bullshit around it with whataboutisms and victim blaming . 
  you need no further proof than this very thread . 
  i guess you feel that the rest of europe should be apologizing to germany for beating them in their war of agression ( ww2 ) as well ? 
  nice , so now you should read a bit about the background of why that declaration was even made and how it impacted the intellectuals that signed it . 
  for example , krleza , undoubtedly the greatest croatian author of the 20th century , had to resign from the communist party in disgrace , and he was n't even among the authors of the declaration . 
  yeah , it has 4 mig-29 's that can actually fly and only one of them does actually do patrols occasionaly . 
  the rest are used for parts . 
  also , there was that amusing episode this year when they had to beg russia to give them power cells for the migs so they could fly them during the ww2 parade ... 
  that 's really serb propaganda bullshit because while the croatian constituton that was voted in those days may have removed some of the wording from the previous one ( like the `` constituent nation '' status ) it actually guaranteed far greater rights to minorities . 
  in fact , it is more or less unchanged today and croatia has by far the most liberal stance on minority rights in the entire eu . 
  secondly , the `` virovitica-karlovac-karlobag '' line advocated by greater serbia proponents would have stripped croatia of far more than 50 % . 
  read the [ `` declaration on the status and name of the croatian literary language '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_on_the_status_and_name_of_the_croatian_literary_language ) which was signed by krleza and other eminent croatian intellectuals in 1967 . 
  it was kind of a big deal . 
  hungary - 93,000 km2 & ~ 10million population croatia - 57,000 km2 & ~ 4.3 million population, 
  there were a lot of anti-torrio alts because he was particularly annoying at that time . 
  almost two thirds of submissions on / r/croatia were his . 
  a lot of people got pissed i guess , but i guarantee you , this is my first and only `` anti-torrio '' account . 
  no , i 'm saying i 'm quite certain you have no idea who i am because smorrio88 is my first and only throwaway account for posting on / r/croatia . 
  i do n't want to deal with that side of reddit ( gets too frustrating ) on my main and so i lurked on / r/croatia for a long while until i got fed up with torrio always pushing his bullshit agenda so i made an account to counter it with my own content ... let 's just say i got bored rather quickly ( no one can keep up with torrio ) so now i just use it to comment on croatia issues . 
  look at my posting history and honestly reconsider your `` trolling '' accusations . 
  and who exactly do you think you 're conversing with now ? 
  16000 people were evacuated from the city in the months preceding this . 
  the city was surrounded for almost 2 years . 
  there were not that many left in the city , maybe 3000 civilians total . 
  that 's what makes this culturocide even more incomprehensible . 
  why attack a city that you can literally walk into ? 
  actually you 're wrong . 
  you 're thinking of / u/kradem ... 
  i have never been banned from anywhere , i just got fed up with torrio 's shit so i made a `` counter-account '' . 
  it kinda took on a life of its own though . 
  yeah , well that 's because montenegrins apologized and asked for forgiveness . 
  that tends to go a long way . 
  serbs , on the other hand , are just as cocky and unrepentent as then , as can be seen from this thread . 
  btw , if they 're going to go around saying the old bridge in mostar is equivalent to this , let it be said that croatia also apologized and in fact financed a good portion of the reconstruction work . 
  so you know , there 's bad and then there 's bad . 
  it 's a play on the name of a very `` popular '' redditor on / r/croatia . 
  seriously , that 's the best you can come up with ? 
  i guess croats just demolished 30 % of old town buildings themselves to spite the serbs and make them `` look bad '' ?? 
  this is beyond pathetic . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  the most significant underlying cause of the breakup was , of course , economic . 
  by the end of the 80s yugoslavia had been in a 10 year recession already . 
  add to that the fact that the two westernmost republics , slovenia and croatia , were significantly more developed than the rest of the country , but had very little control over their own finances ( which were mostly funneled into development of rural serbia and belgrade ) and the fact that previous attempts to alleviate this strain through political means ( see maspok i.e. 
  `` croatian spring '' of 1968-1971 ) were brutally extinguished , along with a long list of grievances croats had ( like the complaint that the official `` serbo-croatian '' language was massively favoring the serbian idiom and essentially assimilating croatia through cultural invasion ) and the situation was ripe for a break . 
  still , the fact that it happened so violently rests squarely on milosevic and serbian leadership who decided to invoke the `` blood and land '' principle and try to dismember croatia instead of letting it go peacefully ( croatia had a 14 % serb minority , yet serbs wanted to essentialy chop off 50 + % of croatian territory ... 
  it is true . 
  the conflict with the bosniaks was mostly a land grab tactic by bosnian croat leadership . 
  bosniaks , due to their ethnic distribution in bosnia and herzegovina were in a pretty tough spot , they really had no ability to create a majority muslim area on any part of bosnia , so they were naturally pro-unitarist . 
  bosnian croats on the other hand were secessionist , mostly because most croats are concentrated in western herzegovina which is basically the dalmatian hinterand , so some future union with croatia was likely . 
  still , a strong croatian paramilitary group called hos ( short for croatian defense forces ) advocated a confederacy of croatia and bosnia , and were very much pro-bosniak . 
  in fact , up until 1993 , about half of hos members were bosniak . 
  the bosnian croat leadership , on the other hand , saw hos as a serious obstacle to their plans so they started by killing the hos leadership in a mafia-style execution in 1992 . 
  after that , the whole cascade of shit started , culminating in croat-bosniak war of 1992-1993 . 
  still , after a while reason prevailed and croats and bosniaks became allies again ( but not until a lot of resentment was created on both sides ) and in 1995 , when croatia sucessfully liberated most of its territory in operation storm , jointly started a huge offensive which saw serbs pushed back into a very defensive position which forced them to accept peace talks . 
  soon after the dayton accords were signed and the war ended . 
  there is still some resentment between croats and bosniaks , especially because bosnian croats gave up their independent `` republic '' in exchange for guarantees from the bosniak side of a loose confederation with croatia after the war . 
  that of course never materialized ( although the agreement is still valid ! ), 
  and croats were put in a very submissive position in a two entity post war state ( a serbian entity - republic of srpska and a croat-bosniak entitiy - federation of b&h ) . 
  serbs make up around 35 % of the population of bosnia & herzegovina , croats make up around 15 % and bosniaks make up around 50 % . 
  still , serbs got 50 % of the territory , and croats , who during the war controlled around 30 % lost everything and are now a minority in the federation with bosniaks ... a very unfortunate situation that breeds resentment to this day . 
  well most of what you mentioned really depends on the f-16 equipment package . 
  i doubt that croatia would be buying obsolete systems , they 'll probably be upgraded to current nato standards . 
  they 'll have to serve us well for the next 15-20 years after all . 
  do n't really know . 
  the last i heard they were still gathering additional evidence for the appeal this summer . 
  i do n't expect it will be anytime soon , after all the first judgement was passed after `` only '' 9 years . 
  well , croatia is due to upgrade its airforce in the next 5 years ( or completely relinquish control of its skies which is completely out of the question ) and has been shopping around for deals to replace the aging migs for a while now . 
  it 's likely that it will make a decision in the next 2 years , and right now , the most likely option is 12 new f-16 's from usa . 
  i think that is pretty much on par with gripens , possibly even stronger . 
  yes , jna - yugoslav people 's army . 
  not army of serbia . 
  that was always milosevic 's defense anyway . 
  great , good for you . 
  in croatia we have a saying , `` budala se ponosi onime \u010dega se pametan stidi '' or `` the idiot is proud of that which a smart man is ashamed of '' . 
  first of all , that judgement is not final , there 's an appeal in motion , and you ca n't categorically claim that something is established until all the legal instruments are exhausted . 
  similar judgements have been overturned in the past ( like in the case of gotovina and markac ) . 
  secondly , if you 'd read that judgement in entirety , like i have , you 'd see that the council glossed over so much evidence of the defense ( and downright ignored a good portion of it ) that there 's no way that this judgement will not be drastically altered in the appeals process . 
  let 's just wait and see . 
  12 migs are more than enough to control skies over croatia , considering our size and the balance of power in the region . 
  croatian army is still the strongest in the region , by far . 
  we 're pretty much on par with hungary who is also a nato member and double our size in territory and population . 
  the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia established quite clearly that there was no attempt ( or `` joint criminal enterprise '' as they called it ) by croatia , at any point in the war , to annex parts of bosnia or any other country in it 's surroundings . 
  there were certainly attempts by bosnian croat leadership to create their autonomous , croat dominated region in bosnia , but this is hardly the same thing , now is it . 
  i know that serbs like to play fast and loose with the facts but let 's at least keep this civil . 
  serbs on this subreddit like to `` commemorate '' every single event where they can play the victims in the wars of 1990s with alarming regularity . 
  i just wanted to return the favor on this day , when a unesco world heritage site , completely demilitarized way back in 1979 , which had absolutely no strategic or military value whatsoever , was viciously and barbarically attacked in a demonstration of force which appalled the world . 
  edit : ah yes , here we go , good old serbian [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) .
