  macedonians are a proud independent sovereign republic who do n't need no greece or bulgaria . 
  i 'm croatian and i have never studied a day of either bulgarian or macedonian and i also understood at least 70 % of that video so ... not a great achievement for a bulgarian , i think . 
  is n't it much closer to bulgarian than croatian ? 
  in any case macedonian , at least to my ear , sounds a lot different than bulgarian . 
  maybe it 's just the accent , but bulgarian is much harder to understand . 
  you suck mcbain !, 
  serb ultranationalists were always way up russia 's ass . 
  btw , much love to ukraine from croatia , you 're our bros in spirit , i hope you manage to deal with this crisis as successfully as we did with ours . 
  he 's stuck in ww2 without a time machine . 
  kinda fucked up , really . 
  the reason is serbs are really at each others throats most of the time , even if looking from the outside they look unified . 
  there was general disinterest in the wars from serbia proper , a lot of backstabbing and petty politics inside bosnian and croatian serb enclaves , and add to that the `` legendary '' serb courage , where half their conscripts deserted , and you 've got a well equipped army with extremely low morale . 
  of course , being involved in a highly morally and ethically dubious endeavors certainly did n't help . 
  i think many serbs realized even then that what their leaders were doing was supremely fucked up and wanted no part in it . 
  it seems that the only thing that really held the serbs together was the hatred of the croats , so i guess that 's why their leaders are trying to stir up those old hatreds today , a kind of desperate and fucked up way of achieving `` national unity '' ... 
  nice flair for the dramatic buddy . 
  all you really have to do is listen to the speeches made by the serbian president and prime minister today and see that , in their heads at least , nothing has changed since the 90s . 
  judging by reactions of ordinary serbs , many of them share that sentiment . 
  there 's no catharsis , no piety for any victims other than their own , no sense of responsibility or shame . 
  compare that to speeches made by croatian officials and the contrast could n't be more obvious . 
  while the serbs not only do n't acknowledge the disastrous effects milosevic 's policies had on croatia and its people , they literally accuse croatia of being the successor of fascist state from ww2 . 
  croats on the other hand call for end to lies and myths , call for piety for all victims of the conflict , serbs included , and for lasting peace . 
  in short , talk is cheap , actions speak louder than words , and most serbs ca n't even muster it in themselves to face the facts , let alone acknowledge what was done by their governments in their name and realize how wrong and destructive it all was and how much of their own misery is the direct consequence of those polices . 
  and those who do n't learn from their past are doomed to repeat it , so no , i do not condone what is happening in serbia , at all . 
  hey fuck you man , do n't make us come over there !, 
  a german novelist from post ww2 germany ( i ca n't remember his name ) once said that the germans have to earn their tears , by owning up to their responsibility and mourning all the victims of their actions ( or inaction ) . 
  then , and only then , do they earn the right to mourn their own . 
  i think that 's a healthy ethic . 
  i do n't think that serbs are anywhere near that level of owning up though , and in my opinion , they have n't earned the right to their tears . 
  they were a minority of around 13 % , they occupied and then expelled all non-serbs from around 35 % of croatia 's internationally recognized territory , they shelled and terrorized the rest of croatia for 4 years with the help from serbs from bosnia and serbia ... also , yugoslavia was a federal state with 6 republics and the 1974 constitution guaranteed secession right to the republics , not the individual nationalities . 
  when croatia seceded from yugoslavia it became an independent country , recognized within its former federal borders . 
  serbs in croatia then tried to secede from croatia on completely invented borders achieved with force and ethnic cleansing . 
  it was croatia 's prerogative , as an independent and sovereign state to prevent this . 
  you can make of that what you will , but keep in mind that the goal of the serb rebellions was never really self-determination , but rather annexation by serbia proper . 
  in that sense , it can be viewed as agression of one sovereign state against another through proxy , using existing minorities . 
  kinda what russia is doing to ukraine now . 
   what is the difference between the republic of serbian krajina and republika srpska ? 
  one was an unrecognized breakaway serb `` republic '' on the internationally recognized territory of croatia , the other was an unrecognized breakaway serb `` republic '' on the internationally recognized territory of bosnia and herzegovina . 
   are they just two different serbian enclaves ? 
  yes . 
   are any of these actually serbia ? 
  i do not understand the question . 
  the icty is the authority for all war crimes commited in former yugoslavia during the 90s . 
  nuremberg trials were organized by the allies ( the victorious side ) against the nazis ( the losing side ) . 
  of course they were n't impartial . 
  the icty on the other hand was unanimously established in the un security council on 25th of may 1993 . 
  that 's as impartial and as international it can get . 
  right , i not going to entertain conspiracy theories . 
  if a un court is n't good enough for serbs then i do n't know if any court would be . 
  what 's the point of establishing facts then if serbs are just going to ignore them and invent their own anyway ? 
  yes , i actually am denying that . 
  the icty established the facts , there 's absolutely no need to second guess them after 10 long years of evidence gathering . 
  if anyone had any evidence to the contrary they could have come forward , serbs especially , but they have n't . 
  and the icty established that there was no shelling of civilians , only legitimate military targets , that the exodus was not planned but rather a result of both fear and organized evacuation on the part od serb authorities , and most of all it established that operation storm was completely legitimate and professionally conducted operation in accordance with international law and customs of war . 
  anyone who denies that after such authoritative judgements by a un court is either uninformed or intentionally manipulative . 
  oh yeah , cause there were soooo many military bases in buttfuck , `` serbian krajina '' , right ? 
  also , is n't it fascinating how serbs got their weapons just handed to them , no problem at all , while croats had to lay sieges to military barracks until the army surrendered . 
  also , in the same vein , is n't it fascinating how quickly the `` yugoslav people 's army '' became `` serbian people 's army '' ... 
  lol yeah , the local serbs occupied it with hunting rifles and a lot of moxie . 
  and when the croatian police tried to disarm them and reestablish control i guess the mig 's and tanks and all the other shit materialized out of thin air . 
  come the fuck on , who are you trying to bullshit here ? 
  of course they were supported by milosevic and serbia , or that would have been a very short fucking rebelion indeed . 
  that croatia was a nazi puppet , while milosevic 's serbia was very much acting of its own accord and for its own goals . 
  also , i do n't think occupying ~ 40 % of croatian territory and calling it `` republic of serbian krajina '' quite backs up your narrative there buddy . 
  well you people certainly seemed to think so . 
  obviously , with names that ca n't be written in latin script it 's different . 
  i guess the golden rule is to write it in the same as they do when writing them in latin . 
  this does lead to mispronounciations obviously , but in croatian that 's a smaller deal than writing it incorrectly . 
  i guess in serbian it 's the opposite , they write everything as you would pronounce it , which is n't that good either because if you 're not used to reading the names like that , it 's really hard to instantly recognize them . 
  because in croatian , foreign words that do n't have a croatian variant are written as in their original language , per standard . 
  especially foreign names . 
  technically - yes , they were purchased ( or more accurately given ) as a part of the modernization deal . 
  in reality , they are not expected to be in service for longer than 5 years , same as the rest . 
  you 're mockingly making it out as if they were bought to be used as the fighter for the next 30 years , which is clearly ridiculous . 
  croatia will modernize its airforce in due time , like i said , it is planning to do to so in the next five years , but in the mean time , 12 functioning mig 21s is a hell of a lot better than 3 barely airworthy mig 29s that serbia can field right now . 
  this air supremacy gap will only grow when croatia finally decides on its 4.5 gen fighter . 
  what ? 
  no we did n't . 
  we had some of our old mig-21s serviced in ukraine to give us 5 more years to decide on the successor , which will probably be f16 or gripen . 
  wrong , wrong , wrong . 
  here , the original proclamation of `` hrvatski dr\u017eavni sabor '' from 1918 breaking state connections with austria-hungary : [ https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/odluka_hrvatskog_sabora_1918.] ( https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/odluka_hrvatskog_sabora_1918 . ), 
  now , i could try and find a primary source citation , but i really do n't have anything to prove to the exact kind of croatophobe i was talking about . 
  yeah , everything croats ever do is against serbs and by that virtue fascistic as well ( of course ) . 
  edit : fixed link . 
  that name was first used in 1918 , then in 1942 , then in 1997-2001 , and now it 's proposed again . 
  hardly exclusive to the nazi regime , but then again , absolutely anything even slightly nationalist done by the croatian authorities ( and i really ca n't see why calling the parliament `` croatian state parliament '' instead of `` croatian parliament '' would be interpreted as `` fascist '' or even `` nationalist '' ) is decried as fascism by serbs nationalists and other croatophobes . 
  [ no , no , no vee dont vont \u010ce\u0161ka , it 's very bad , evry day spaghetti , macaron , very bad . 
  me go to england , because england very good . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4tfbh9be6rs?t=45s ), 
  ah you silly serb , it 's spelled c-r-o-a-t-i-a-n . 
  i 'm no expert in serbian ( obviously , heh ) but to me it sounds eastern , dark , corrupted ... that sort of thing . 
  like something one might hear spoken in mordor , as it were . 
  you just made an enemy for life !, 
  well after this bombing hostilities stopped for a while , probably because the reaction of foreign governments started to turn against the serbs who up to that point successfully presented themselves as `` saviors '' of yugoslavia . 
  however , after the agony of vukovar and the shelling of the old city of dubrovnik it was hard to keep up that charade . 
  this gave croatia the final push for international recognition . 
  just one month after this almost all members of un recognized croatia and slovenia as independent states and that meant that this turned into a foreign agression de iure as well . 
  dubrovnik stayed surrounded for a few more months but eventually the croatian army broke the siege and drove off the remnants of jna ( now under the control of bosnian serbs ) into bosnia . 
  but it 's completely asanine to `` justify '' this type of culturocide with the need to `` defeat the enemy '' when `` the enemy '' were the very citizens of dubrovnik , there was pillaging and destruction in konavle ( the dubrovnik hinterland ) by members of serb & montenegrin militas for months preceding this , and the city itself had absolutely no strategic value - no industry and no military , literally a tourist seaside resort , like today . 
  i guess those idiots who say that `` that 's what you get when you station ` troops ' in the old city '' think that dubrovnik citizens should have just opened the gates and let them rape and pillage the old town as well .
