  let it be noted though that the destruction of the old bridge in mostar happened 2 years after the shelling of dubrovnik , that it was a part of a much wider bosnian conflict , and that the bridge had at least some strategic value ( being the only bridge left standing between two warring sides in mostar ) . 
  also , it was not done by croatian army ( that being the regular army of the internationally recognized republic of croatia ) but by the forces of the croatian defense council , the army of bosnian croat unrecognized `` autonomous territory '' of herzeg-bosnia , in bosnia . 
  more info : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_dubrovnik, 
  croats do n't love germany . 
  we barely tolerate their bullshit . 
  we do n't really `` love '' anyone . 
  we like usa maybe , due to cultural influence , but there are plenty of those who are anti-usa as well . 
  there 's really nothing comparable to serbian pathological obsession with russia . 
  actually , a majority of croatian speakers ( those who natively speak kajkavian and cakavian dialects ) ca n't differentiate between \u010c and \u0106 , i.e. 
  they mostly sound the same when spoken . 
  native speakers of stokavian dialects , who are closer to serbia and bosnia , can differentiate between them . 
  still , the difference is far less pronounced than in some serbian and bosnian dialects . 
  and since so much of `` casual '' croatian is based on what is heard on tv and radio , and so many of those media personalities are from zagreb area ( which is traditionally kajkavian ) even native stokavian speakers are starting to lose that difference in their speech . 
  me too thanks, 
  we do n't have a word that is as widely used and conveys the same meaning as `` bre '' . 
  bre is exclusively serbian , it is not used in croatian at all . 
  there 's really nothing controversial about licitars and i do n't know why in the world anyone would put pov tag on that article . 
  anyway , yes , licitars are seen as traditionally zagrabian souvenir , but they are also made in the croatian zagorje ( area around zagreb ) and in some parts of slovenia ( close to croatian border i.e. 
  never let a good crisis go to waste . 
  fiscally conservative for the most part , socially all over the place . 
  it 's a coalition of independents who have had some success with fiscal reforms on local level , despite strong opposition from `` major '' parties . 
  the most positive thing about them is they are politically uncompromised ( most were never members of any party ) and they 're seen as uncorrupted for the same reason . 
  croatian [ lin\u0111o ] ( https://youtu.be/n77w-yv1aou?t=38s ) . 
  ca n't find a really great example on youtube , but this is close enough . 
  it 's very rhythmic and lively , and a lot of rhythm comes from a kind of `` step dance '' which is more easily heard and seen in live performances since the shoes of the dancers do n't have any metal on them ( like riverrdance for example ) . 
  the theme is youth , joy and courting , since dancers are traditionally young and unmarried . 
  they move in a circle around the dance master , who gives commands ( in rhyme , humorous and often with double entendre meanings ) and encourages them to improvise and show off their dance moves . 
  he also decides who will dance with whom and dictates the change of dance figures . 
  we croats have a saying `` nije u \u0161oldima sve '' and `` ko to more platit ? '', 
  which means , roughly , `` it 's not all about money '' and `` you ca n't buy this '' . 
  it 's about the good life you get in croatia if you 're even remotely well off . 
  we do n't have to earn as much as our western counterparts because everything is a lot cheaper for one , but also because croatian culture is more about immaterial wealth like family , friends , love and traditional ways than the more western pursuits of wealth , influence , progress , etc. 
  we 're basically hobbits and we do n't like sudden change , but our lives are also more relaxed and easy going . 
  working two jobs or constant overtime is not only strange , people will actually pity you , think you 're a pushover for `` wasting '' your life on such things instead spending as much time with your friends and family . 
  on the other hand , western societies see this as strength , initiative , desire to improve your condition and will encourage you if it leads to something more . 
  of course , we 're equal parts east and west and so some do not like the status quo , and try to make progress here or move west to live the life they thing they should , but in the end most end up longing for home and our `` nije pri\u0161a '' ( there 's no hurry ) attitude . 
  a lot of foreigners say that this is their favorite part of living in croatia so you know , to each his own . 
  i would personally never want to live and work in the west because i love my easy going lifestyle and family and friends too much to leave . 
  that 's funny , in croatian `` ko-fol-a '' could mean `` as-if - ( co ) la '' . 
  i guess in czech - it does . 
  croats absolutely do not `` look towards berlin '' . 
  in fact , our relationship with berlin has never been worse than it is right now . 
  usa has far more influence here , and even then it 's not too much . 
  we 're just not good at diplomacy , and our `` diplomats '' and leadership often commit cardinal mistakes by stubbornly pursuing some stupid inconsequential goals that are beyond petty , they 're usually literally for `` internal consumption '' of the party currently in power . 
  that has made us a kind of international diplomatic pariah , no one wants to have too much to do with us because some pompous asshole currently acting as prime minister wo n't think twice about toppling decades of diplomatic relationships and progress to satisfy his personal agenda . 
  so no , croatia is not beholden to anyone , and no one wants us beholden to them . 
  i ca n't speak about serbia or bosnia , but they do seem to have a better sense of international diplomacy . 
  in fact , op is n't even a serb , but a crazed moldovan turned serb nationalist fanatic . 
  quite fascinating . 
  then again , i suppose it 's possible he 's a part of the moldovan russian minority , which would make his obsession somewhat less strange . 
  our neighbors screwed us , so we 're screwing our neighbors . 
  it 's a screwing chain stretching from greece to germany . 
  thank god for barilla !, 
  i do n't think they 're avoiding croatia due to how `` poor '' we are . 
  we 're certainly quite a bit wealthier than where they 're coming from . 
  i think it 's the impulse to keep pushing it as far as you can take it that 's driving them into western europe . 
  i mean they got this far , why not push farther if they can ? 
  it only gets richer the farther you go , right ? 
  if western europe completely sealed its borders and they were stuck in croatia i 'm sure we 'd have 500 asylum applications per day as well . 
  hopefully it does n't come to that though , i 'm predicting that in a few months greece will make the deal of the century for itself by coercing europe into writing off a good portion of its debts in exchange for putting up strong walls on fortress europa and turkey will get visa free travel with eu to do the same . 
  everyone wins . 
  they would most likely go back to serbia and try the romanian route . 
  i seriously doubt any significant number of immigrants would decide to stay in croatia . 
  not because we 're so poor or shitty , but because if they still have a shot at getting into a richer country they will almost certainly take it . 
  once all borders are closed then yes , thing could get hairy , but still , it 's more likely they 'd be stuck in greece or turkey because all those that managed to get through will almost certainly be allowed to get to their desired destinations . 
  this , among other things is the thing driving the current immigrantion wave , these people know that once this party ends , getting into eu ( somewhat ) legally will most likely be impossible for anyone from the middle east for many years . 
  coastal croatia ( dubrovnik included ) is completely and utterly unaffected by refugees who are entering croatia at its border with serbia ( 300 km away ) , passing through the continental part , and leaving it at its border with slovenia ( 450 km away ) without ever even seeing the coast . 
  do n't worry foreign tourist , croatia still attractive , vee haf see , vee haf gud fud , vee haf old fortress , you come next year and leave monies again , yes ? 
  sadly , it 's not really hard to see it working at all . 
  the ethnic cleansing during the last war created large nationally homogeneous areas that can easily be partitioned ( unlike before the war ) . 
  still , i do n't see why genocide should be rewarded . 
  if republic of srpska gains `` independence '' ( and promptly relinquishes it to serbia of course ) then the message that is being sent is that ethnic cleansing , genocide and agression are justified and valid . 
  it opens a whole different can of worms . 
  when they see that happening , why would n't the albanians demand unification with kosovo and albanian parts of macedonia ? 
  why should n't hungary demand revision of trianon and transylvania and vojvodina from romania and serbia ? 
  why would n't bulgaria demand annexation of macedonia , and romania demand annexation of moldova ? 
  why would n't russia demand annexation of russian speaking parts of ukraine & the baltics ? 
  it 's a slippery slope if i ever saw one , and all it does it reinforces this anachronistic notion that the only way a nation can be peaceful and prosperous is by conquering it 's `` ethnic territory '' . 
  this is like 19th century all over again , what the fuck . 
  oh this is rich  can you please go to / r/croatia and explain your reasons to buttheads there screaming they 're `` emigrating from this shithole '' just about every other day ? 
  you 're confusing the right to free movement with citizenship . 
  of course they wo n't get all the benefits of citizenship , but they do n't care about that anyway . 
  both the refugees and the illegal migrants want to reach a wealthy western european country quite simply because they can right now , and there 's no guarantee they 'll be able to at a later date . 
  it 's herd mentality , once it gets going it wo n't stop until the attitude of the herd changes . 
  and the idea that you could just put a wall around 500 000 people and keep them there without massive use of force is ludicrous . 
  that 's the population size of a major city . 
  just imagine the infrastructure , the logistics and the cost of setting up something like that ( besides , which country would accept having such a refugee metropolis on its territory ) , not to mention the difficulty of keeping walls around it and preventing escape . 
  it 's literally impossible . 
  because they 're not criminals ? 
  legitimate refugees are n't breaking any international laws when they enter another country . 
  illegal migrants on the other hand are , and they 're using this massive movement of refugees as cover to get to their desired destinations because they know they can just throw away their passports , claim that they 're from syria and the bureaucracy is so overwhelmed that they can just fly under the radar indefinitely . 
  they have no qualms about staying in a country illegally , i assure you . 
  who knows , 10 years later maybe you 'll catch them and deport them , but that 's not a given . 
  i think they see their chances as pretty damn good at this point , so why not risk it ? 
  personally , ca n't wait to see plan \u0106 . 
  great , and by that point we have a europe full of fences and militarized borders again . 
  is this the future orban and those who support him advocate ? 
  you say that as if we brought them from syria to your doorsteps . 
  what the hell are we supposed to do when we have 100000 refugees determined to cross our country no matter what ? 
  we do n't have the luxury of building fences because our border is so long and so unsuitable for fences that it makes absolutely no sense to even try .
