just an fyi , the google translate app lets you take a picture of what you want to translate and it 'll do it for you . 
  http://cs7005.vk.me/v7005483/29924/gwslv5-3zbo.jpg you do n't even have to try with this one . 
   the proposition decreased property taxes by assessing property values at their 1975 value and restricted annual increases of assessed value of real property to an inflation factor , not to exceed 2 % per year . 
  it also prohibited reassessment of a new base year value except for in cases of ( a ) change in ownership , or ( b ) completion of new construction . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_proposition_13_ ( 1978 ), 
   the cammies are certainly very vintage ( yet look brand new ) they are n't that old . 
  the army only recently transitioned to the new uniform . 
  you can actually still [ buy that pattern , new , for very cheap ] ( http://www.militaryclothing.com/propper-bdu-jacket-50-50-nylon-cotton-ripstop-3-color-desert.aspx ) . 
  you can thank el ni\u00f1o, 
  most likely has something to do with natural resources . 
  best part is that snoop said that he 's going to visit his fans in romania now, 
   you americans will never understand just how diverse europe is i lived in germany for 3 years , i know how diverse it is . 
  i could say the same stereotypical thing about europeans too , if i wanted to talk down to them . 
   in the us everybody speaks american english and eats the same kind of burger and there it is . 
   nor did its government command allegiance at that time . 
  well , until the american civil war . 
  that 's what i figured but just wanted to make sure . 
  thanks !, 
  we have freedom of movement and states like fl , az and ca have issues with immigrants . 
  no , it 's not as bad as it is in the eu but it 's not like things are perfect here . 
   you 're comparing european nation-states with us state lines . 
  us states have their own governments and regulations . 
  economically speaking , many rival or outperform most european nations . 
  culturally speaking , there are plenty of differences between states so , yeah , i think they can be a fair comparison . 
  well the single culture comment is absurdly wrong . 
  the single language is a stretch too . 
  between not having an official language and the various regional dialects , we do not have a single language . 
  you can go into the swamps of louisiana and listen to people speak in cajun french or go to miami and feel like you 're in a spanish speaking country . 
  even in the english speaking realm , we have a ton of regional dialects . 
  i 'd argue that the american brand is n't singular . 
  we have influence in everything from popular culture , to cuisine and politics . 
  we 're a singular power but the brand is n't just one aspect . 
  our singular government is what the eu is to the uk , imo . 
   federal restrictions are different from eu restrictions . 
  in what way ? 
  we have agencies from the epa to the usda and the dol . 
  the federal government sets standards for the states and not every state agrees with those standards . 
   the point is that usa should not speak about the brexit . 
  well then the uk should never speak about anything involving american politics . 
  american states bow down to the supreme court and various federal agencies all the time . 
  so yes , americans are forced to accept restrictions that they might not agree with and it happens all the time . 
   the us has a single culture , a single language , a single and powerful global brand , and a single government that commands national allegiance . 
  what a load of shit . 
   ~ ~ think of nafta ~ ~ ~ ~ this should be in all capital letters , no ? ~ ~ edit : i want to clarify that i do n't think they are perfect comparisons but i do believe that the comparison is relevant to this discussion . 
  the us has been expanding in europe for years . 
  it has been overshadowed by the closing of so many bases but we are expanding . 
  as confusing as that may sound . 
  most of the expansion has been to the east , in bulgaria and romania . 
  poland has been in the works for years when it comes to the missile defense system . 
  exercises started in latvia in 2010 . 
  we never left kosovo and we continue to have a strong presence in turkey . 
  but in all seriousness , i lived in germany for 3 years and never felt any hate towards me or my country . 
  ca n't wait to move back . 
  the base voted for her . 
  as opposed to crossing the indian and pacific oceans or crossing over incredibly uninhabitable land ? 
  um that 's because it 's not exactly an easy trip for someone migrating/claiming asylum . 
  the us does n't have to be an influence in south america . 
  those countries do n't pose an economic threat to america . 
  they are elected to make decisions on their behalf . 
  if their constituents are not happy with them , they can vote them out . 
  the elected representatives should have been the ones to vote on the decision . 
  a majority wanted to stay . 
  that 's who should have been responsible . 
  literally did n't say anything about the eu . 
  but alright ... . 
  yeah , the population was uneducated so why should they be responsible for this decision ? 
  and we all see that direct democracy can be a terrible thing . 
   i doubt the eu will agree to prolong that . 
  why not ? 
  all member states have to agree to a deal . 
  do you really think nations like poland and romania are going to make this easy ? 
   is this a straight popular vote ? 
  yes . 
   if so , why do we care how each county voted ? 
  class , income , race , etc divisions . 
  and it 's just convenient . 
  because they realize the benefits of being in the union . 
  it 'll probably be 2 years until anything happens, 
   the leave supporters are making much more sense no they are n't . 
  the uk will still have to abide by most eu regulations . 
  it 's a shallow argument and only makes sense if you do n't take 30 seconds to think about it . 
  sounds like ~ ~ american ~ ~ politicians . 
  nobody is totally sure . 
  they have two years to negotiate with the eu . 
  if the rest of the country voted 50/50 , the percentage of stay voters would be 58.5 % in birmingham . 
  it 's just based off trends . 
  at least that 's what i assume op is trying to say . 
   open borders are a marvelous thing have you ever been to the uk ? 
   cities like paris that have placed restrictions on height are doing it the right way , at least if they have beautiful buildings to showcase . 
  tell that to the residents of san francisco, 
  so then the german government allows the us to freely gather the intel . 
  either way , if people are going to point fingers , they need to be pointed at the german government . 
  where do you think the nsa gets eu intel from ? 
  are you claiming that syria is not a neutral country because it 's being occupied by isis ? 
  or are you recognizing isis as a sovereign nation ? 
  we do not actively engage in drone activities over iran and , at most , any american military activity involving iran , in any way , is done as a show of force . 
  drone activity in somalia is conducted in coordination with the african union and in areas controlled by islamist extremists associated with al shabab . 
  if you genuinely think that the pakistani government is n't secretly ok with the drone operations , i do n't know what to say . 
  pakistan is not a weak nation and they are a nation with nuclear weapons . 
  the pakistani government clearly uses the us as a scapegoat for the public outcry against the missions .
