  plus i 'm not sure what the point is for our huge unemployment issue , you can hire 4 people who work 35h each ( 140h total ) or you can hire 3 people working 48h each ( 144h ) , that 's one more unemployed person ... or maybe he thinks the 4 employees are going to work 48h each but what if there 's no demand ? 
  tourists are fleeing , natives ca n't afford much anymore , they 're certainly not going to be able to if they 're burned out at work or work more for less pay, 
  fillon says the only reason people opposed hollande labor laws is that hollande lied to his voters : there was nothing in his program about such reforms so disappointment put people in the street . 
  since he is honest about all the laws he wants to push once in power ( increased vat for all despite it being pretty unfair on the poorest , showering companies and the richest 1 % with fiscal gifts , going from 35h to 48h hours of work per week , pension cuts , public servants working more , 600k less public servants ) , there is no reason for people to protest against them !, 
  ... which is overly optimistic imo , hollande won simply because he was n't sarkozy the same way hollande or whoever represents the socialist party will lose because of hollande and there 'll always be people who vote against the fn regardless of their opponents thus , even if he does get the majority of the votes , i doubt he 'll have more than 30 % of the population rooting for him . 
  he knows whoever wins the lr primaries is likely to win the presidentials but i do n't understand how he thinks people would agree with reforms 10x worse than what they just opposed 6 months ago . 
  elections are pretty much the closest we can get to our old ways of beheading the king for disappointing us , does n't mean we root for the alternatives . 
  unless they go for a trump / farage because the only alternative is a thatcher , out of the frying pan , into the fire !, 
   sarkozy 's defeat speech was good , like the one he made in 2012 ( funny how good he is at writing defeat speeeches ... ) , we again found our dignified president , it felt wierd , i thought he had completely turned into a rabid nationalist and i might have voted for him if he had shown this side of himself ... sarkozy can only be good for a few minutes at a time . 
  remember when he appeared on fr2 to announce his comeback ? 
  he was calm and composed for about 15 minutes before he started pretending to be offended by generic questions asked by the journalist interviewing him , he talked about learning from his defeats and seemed like he had done some serious introspection but he was back to his old self by the end of the interview . 
  i agree it 's a shame , when you hear his defeat speech tonight or other moments where he 's really into the debate , he can be pretty convincing and if that was the sarkozy we had as a president , i would have liked him a lot better but the way he acts 99 % of the time makes him pretty unlikeable . 
  i 'd say the difference is that fillon and le pen have been part of the political landscape for years , pollers know how many people say they 're going for them versus how their party usually fares during elections so polls should be more accurate than a trump whose results were limited to the republican primaries . 
  you 're right though , 2016 has been full of surprises so it 's hard being confident in anything . 
  even said himself thatcher was his idol . 
  he must be fuming and he will blame everyone but himself for it ( bayrou was the scapegoat for his 2012 loss despite its campaign being way too far-right to appeal to centre / centre-right voters ) , he 'll probably blame left voters who voted in the lr primaries against him . 
  did i say i would ? 
  i think her victory is n't unlikely and if it happened , the reasons would be pretty obvious because , even if i do n't agree with her , she 's doing a good job campaigning and convincing people she cares about them ( a better job than other parties but probably only because they suck at their job ) , doing things as basic as ... actually discuss issues they care about instead of ignoring them . 
  i wo n't vote for her though , i do n't agree with leaving the eu and i do n't think she 'd be a good president . 
  i meant she has never been in a position of power where she has successfully pushed policies that proved to be a failure . 
  i have no illusion that she 's any better than any other candidate , the way the fn is ran is a bit ridiculous too ( remember the not-so civil war between jmlp and bruno m\u00e9gret ? 
  jmlp wanted his inexperienced wife to run as a candidate when he was unable to do so instead of his right-hand man for almost 10 years then he decided to leave it to his niece like we 're in some kind of banana republic ), 
  nothing seems to discourage his strongest supporters , he had his fair share of scandals ( from day one too !, 
  he celebrated his victory in one of the most expensive restaurants in paris instead of hanging out with his supporters and people acted petty about it during the whole term ) but it 's almost like every scandal proves he 's the most innocent politician to ever grace us with his presence and that the justice system is plotting against him . 
  `` the french '' is n't one coherent group , few people wanted france to go at war for the benefit of a few french industrial juggernauts or to please the us . 
  few people actively opposed it because once it 's been decided and the media parrot everything they 've been told to say over and over again , there 's no room for discussion ( would you rather let gaddafi commit genocide and free their people from oppression ? 
  oh , they have promised us to hold elections , libya is now a perfect pro-west democracy , time to leave !, 
  thanks for the oil contracts too ! ), 
  the only war that got popular support was the war in mali ( though i 'm not sure why we remain there ) , chirac was even praised for not following the usa into the mess that was iraq and most people i know are kinda puzzled at how we 're handling syria/libya/iran ( why oppose an iran deal ? 
  they 're not our enemy ... why oppose russia for the sake of opposing russia ? 
  ... why refuse to do anything that would benefit bachar , isis and other radical groupes are our main enemy there ), 
  but sarkozy already was in power and did n't do much regarding immigration ( he 's also responsible for the sangate center disaster as a minister ) , terrorism ( helping a lot creating the mess that is libya today ) and security ( replacing local policemen with surveillance cameras , closing a lot of justice courts , going crazy about numbers and quotas , forcing policemen to keep arresting the same low-interest criminals to make numbers look good instead of going after the head of the network ) . 
  he 's tough on crimes unless it 's about its qatari friends and he seems like the guy who can be easily bought . 
  le pen ... well she has n't done anything so it 's not like people ca n't hold it against her , her party was the first one to openly talk about islam , minorities , migrants and the problem some of them were causing in the country while the rest of politicians pretended everything was fine ( even going as far as letting gangs control whole areas of some cities so there would n't be social unrest , letting the very minorities they pretended to defend live in fear and poverty with no really hope of a better future ) , she 's the `` i told you so '' candidate . 
  if you listen to both of them , one has ridiculous ideas ( and supporters who have even crazier ideas , some openly racists even though i believe they 're a minority of fn supporters by now ) and the other seems more credible but has done shit when he could have . 
  for normal elections , results are known at 8pm but since these primaries are run by the lr party and they want to count very carefully ( to avoid another fillon vs copp\u00e9 fiasco ) , i 've heard people say on tv this morning that final results would be known around 11pm-midnight though we 'd get results from some places at around 9pm . 
  hollande won simply because he was n't sarkozy and sarkozy thought he still was some sort of messiah who needed to come back from his early retirement to save his party and the country , it 'd be pretty hilarious if he did n't make it to the second turn of these primaries . 
  never said people should n't be able to vote for the cdu but merkel could be forbidden to run for a 4th term as the cdu representative , is she the only competent politician in germany or something ? 
  if we look at a different country like the usa ( yeah i know it 's not the same but obama represented the usa like merkel represents germany on the international scene ) , people can continue voting either democrats or republicans for as long as they want but obama was n't allowed to run for a 3rd term . 
   the us , under obama , has drastically reduced it unemployment rate . 
  unemployment rate does n't show the full picture though , if you look at participation rate ( percentage of of employed and unemployed but looking for a job of the population aged 16 years and over ) , it 's at 63 % versus 66 % in 2008 . 
  sure , there are retired people who do n't work at all but do n't suffer from it if they get their pensions , and students but there are plenty of people who do n't work and either have given up looking for a proper job or look for it but are n't registered at all ( and thus are n't part of unemployment statistics ) . 
  in france we manipulate unemployment rate pretty easily , it 's only people who earn unemployment benefits , who are registered at pole emploi and are from a specific category , which you are excluded from if you have worked even a single day during the last 6 months, 
  valls has zero charisma , he 's always grumpy and often looks like a sulking bulldog , his policies are n't popular in france either ( they 're sometimes more liberal than what the right ever dared to propose ) but he 's higher than hollande ( 18 % of people support him versus 14 % for hollande ), 
  marine le pen is pro-putin ( more anti-us than pro-russia but i guess this is the new cold war so you have to pick sides ) but i agree with the user above , i do n't think many people voting for le pen are pro-putin . 
  the problem is we have nothing to gain by turning on russia , sanctions on russia for invading ukraine had a terrible impact on many smaller companies that exported there , russian tourists used to spend a lot of money here ( and who else can spend money in france ? 
  chinese and japanese people are afraid of coming here , french people sure as hell do n't have the money ) . 
  our policy in syria when we refuse to fight isis because it would help bachar is absurd ( even if you hate bachar , there are still plenty of people living in regime-controlled areas or fighting to defend them who deserve our support ) . 
  it 's not like people want to be russia 's lapdog but they do n't really care about what they 're doing in syria or ukraine , they might be tired of france fighting overseas ( and bringing trouble back home ) for the interests of `` allies '' who are actively plotting against us or for-profit companies . 
  if they succeeded , de gaulle would be rolling over in his grave , sad to think this is even possible when we tried so hard to keep our distance from other superpowers and try to establish ourselves as one ( even though we 're ... not really that strong anyway ) . 
  but if it happened , i do n't think far-right nationalists from other countries could be blamed for it , if anything , the support of these people is going to turn away the more moderate voters ( and mlp appeals to lots of voters who usually voted left , who look at the other two big parties and are disappointed they do n't at least pretend to give a fuck about them ) , if the fn wins , it would probably be because hollande ran for a second term and the right did a terrible campaign . 
  is n't the prime minister in germany the one actually governing ? 
  it 's always merkel this and merkel that , i 'm not even sure who the president is but he 's not the one representating germany during international summits . 
  regardless of what her job is called , it 's weird to see merkel running for a 4th term , it reminds me of african `` democracies '' where countries plunge into civil wars because the president has finished his two allowed terms and decides to either run for a third term anyway or just stay in power . 
  not blaming merkel at all , if she 's doing it , it must be legal and if people elect her then they are satisfied with her policies or at least do n't mind it but their political landscape must be barren if there 's no viable alternative . 
  isis declared war on france ( and pretty much half the world ) and french president hollande said himsel that france was at war . 
  maybe not war in the traditional sense but isis is still a faction involved in a civil war which foolishly aims to take over the world , they 're not random criminals and no one will send policemen in syria to arrest them so they can get a fair trial , they dug their own graves there . 
  i mean , they 're on a battlefield , fighting as soldiers for an army that is openly at war against us , i 'd be more surprised if they were n't targeted or if we asked other armies down there not to target them . 
  could be a serial killer i guess but i would n't be surprised if there was more than one killer . 
  police not being able to use fingerprints , blood analysis or dna at the time probably made it pretty easy for people to get rid of people they had a grudge against . 
  unless you get hurt during the fight , the victim survives or there 's a witness , as long as there is a mythical beast roaming around , i guess some people found a convenient way to get rid of people they hated . 
  male dresscode is so boring , you have to wear the same exact outfit ( plus minor color variations ) all-year long , all throughout your career and there 's a huge pressure not to wear anything else . 
  i 'm glad we have more leeway as women but it 's time our bosses allowed the men to dress more casually , especially in this heat . 
  not sure how other people think but only thing i expect from my bus drivers is for them to get me safely from point a to point b , bonus point if they also be nice to passengers ( a quick hello / wave or available if you have questions ) but i could n't care less about what they wear , you ca n't even see their legs since they 're behind a door that goes up pretty high ( they often use the door to rest their elbows ... ), 
   some of their buses do n't even have air cond . 
  you can be sure the ceo does though , that kind of stupid decision can only come from someone in no position to suffer from the heat . 
  they were already patrolling the streets before the last wave of terrorist attacks ( they 're part of the vigipirate plan , the state of emergency only forces more of them on the street iirc ) so we 've had time to get used to it , it 's impressive the first couple of time you see them but i barely notice them anymore , i do n't even feel safer anymore , they 're part of the landscape . 
  true , it 'd be such a waste if our current president turned out to be pretty decent or if an amazing president came next but we had to get rid of him because of some limitations we adopted when we had not-so-great presidents . 
  on the other hand , the nature of politics has changed so much i 'm not sure we 'll have ever again a president we truly miss ( unless the one who follows him is so mediocre and terrible that a goat looks like it 'd be a better president than him/her ) because , let 's be honest , after 2x5 years of constant media coverage , journalists digging up juicy details about every single person they have ever been associated with , social media allowing everyone to make up their own news to present someone in a negative light or state their uninformed opinions as facts , having records of everything they ever said publicly to show how much they contradict themselves ( though i change my mind on many topics more often than most politicians do so i 'm not sure why they 're always depicted as liars for doing so ) , the endless `` what-if '' speculations ... our president would have to be a charismatic saint for people not wanting to get rid of him/her . 
  in a way it 's really good , many of our past presidents only looked great because we did n't really know them , because the press was either controlled by them or agreed not to share their secrets to the general public but i 'm sure it also means it 's impossible for anyone to remain truly popular that long . 
  and i know a few people who want to bring it back to 7 years but make it non-renewable , the idea would be that they would have time to apply all of their reforms without caring too much about getting reelected , maybe with a mid-term election that could throw them out if they are n't doing well . 
  i do n't think there 's a magic formula though , we 're either eager to see them out or a bit sad that they have n't had time to do everything they wanted but it depends entirely on our political views and how great / crap the current president is . 
   men will ultimately be judged by their deeds ; charisma , good demeanor is accessory , and fades away . 
  if they were , chirac would n't be that popular . 
  yeah , marine got a very friendly reception at the whirlpool factory because it was a mix of employees and fn members but she stayed for like 15 minutes , said some random bullshit , took a few selfies , mocked macron and left . 
  macron was n't `` talking to some people '' , he was with union representatives and he went back there ( though i think he did n't plan to before marine got there so it still made it seem like he did n't care much about them ) , got heckled and booed but he stayed for an hour , talked to them and was n't afraid to disagree with them ( you ca n't close the borders when your company exports 90 % of its products , you ca n't forbid a company from closing down a factory or firing employees ) . 
  i mean , there are obvious issues in europe he probably wo n't adress ( french workers ca n't compete with workers who are paid less than half the minimum wage , they would n't survive if their wages were that low and it 's pretty stupid that there 's such a wage gap in an union where all countries use the same currency ) but i kinda like his idea that if the country is better , there 'll be more job opportunities ... better create more jobs to replace some that are inevitably going to disappear rather than trying to save * a * job at all costs . 
  her plan was probably to attack him and make the both of them look crazy , probably hoping that less loyal macron voters and people who are on the edge do n't vote on sunday since she knows her voters are very loyal and wo n't let her down no matter what . 
  her attacks were pitiful , the same shit he has been hearing for the last few months , he just brushed it off and was clearly prepared . 
  some of her attacks were even factually wrong so she ended up looking like some adolescent going through puberty and thinking she knows it all because she has seen some weird blog article on facebook . 
  i guess if they did n't dislike marine le pen ( as did dupont-aignan right until this week , he criticized her harshly many times until he realize he needed her and jumped ship ) , they would have voted for her in the first place . 
  some of his voters probably disagree with le pen on core issues or see her as dangerous compared to their candidate , who knows ? 
  it 's still pretty funny that most of his supporters would go towards the side he 's now fighting and so few people would follow him to his new allegiance , even the vice-president of his party left when he heard the news . 
  same reason people continue voting for her and fillon because , despite serious accusations of corruption against them , they think `` they 're all corrupt '' anyway ... despite all 9 other candidates not being accused of such things . 
  people want the moral high ground but vote for whoever they like regardless of what they 've done , things their candidate have done are a `` detail '' but if any of the candidates they dislike had done 1/10th of it , it 's proof that they should rot in prison forever and quit as a politician . 
  it can be deliberate and a bad idea . 
  the problem for the fn has always been that only fn voters are sure to vote for them , voters from any other party are way more likely to vote for whoever is running against them regardless of who it is ( at least that 's how it has worked up to this point though more and more people prefer not voting at all these days if they have to choose between two candidates they dislike ) so she probably thinks she has no chance to win unless she gambles hard . 
  for the past week , she 's done some pretty weird stuff ( trying to hijack macron 's visit to the whirlpool factory by visiting workers on strike while he was talking to union leaders but she left pretty quickly and looked unprepared while he went back to talk with the workers for an hour despite the very cold reception he got at first ... visiting a factory on a sunday morning unannounced then complaining that people were working against her in the shadows ... now this ) but i suppose the idea is the more we talk about her the better , the less we talk about her project , the better . 
  and she was the one who said she was looking forward to these two weeks of political campaign so she could finally show how much better her project was ... only to end up doing one weird pr move after another . 
  i mean , they 're people who do n't mind the fn stealing money from the state ( jeanne micro-party scandal ) and from the eu ( fake jobs ) because it 's the enemy and they have to get every advantage they can over them ( despite said money being , you know , taxpayer 's money so it 's not eu money that popped out from thin air but our money ... their money ), 
  we 've barely heard anything about his wife in french media , we know he was in love with her when he was 15 , dated her at some point later and married her much later in 2007 but the age difference bothers no one ( it 's the same age difference as melania & donald trump but that somehow does n't bother them people trying to turn that against macron ) . 
  actually , the fact that so many people try to shame people into not voting for macron by implying that she 's some sort of pedophile when they seem to be quite the happy couple is way more disturbing than anything that happened between them . 
  if you really think that mlp program is going to ruin both the eu and our country , you 're not going to vote for her just because you dislike such an age gap between the candidate and his wife , it has nothing to do with his program . 
   it 's no wonder that areas with those kind of people are more likely to vote for them than some rich suburb of paris . 
  paris and its suburbs have their own issues but the far-right is n't doing very well here but i feel like the difference is that france is a very centralized country , everything revolves around paris . 
  even if things are n't going well , most big events happen around here , politicians are here , the government is here , the parliaments are here , it might feel like they 're failing but it does n't feel like you 've been abandoned . 
  when you 're in a region that relied heavily on its factories and has been declining for decades but the only time you hear about your region is when one of the last big remaining companies here is closing or the only time you see a politician is when they suddenly remember you exist and can actually vote and visit you on their once-every-5-years journey to gather some cheap votes ... 
  i can understand why they feel like anyone who shows some interest towards them is more likely to actually do something about their situation . 
  yeah , the first round of this election was a tough choice but the difference between macron and le pen is clear as day . 
  one wants to build upon what is already there and fix some issues ( though whether it 's a good thing or not depends on your opinion on these issues ) and you can hardly expect anything revolutionary from him while the other wants to gamble everything at once ( let 's leave schengen + the eurozone + the eu + nato and start pushing for more protectionism hoping it somehow does n't backfire on us ) .
