  a shame though , not sure how i 'd feel if it happened to my child , i 'd probably tell myself that the child i knew is a victim of terrorism ( was manipulated into throwing his life away ) and that terrorist is someone else . 
  i lived in a pretty poor neighborhood and we were able to provide 2-3 options for 300 + children so the state was either really generous with subsidies or whoever was in charge of cooking ( yeah , right , `` cooking '' , not sure how much preparation was needed for those hundreds of meals delivered by a refrigerated truck every morning ) was pretty good at planning . 
  i remember that we had a waste problem one year ( they introduced rules concerning finishing everything you 've taken , etc ) and the cost went up but iirc it went down the following year as they pretty much knew what was going to be more popular that day ( hint : beef + french fries , it 's always the most popular ) and ordered more of that . 
  i dunno , it 's a school so it 's not like we ordered things off the menu , you walked along the buffet and picked whatever you wanted for the starters / main dish / dessert and we always had 2-3 options for each . 
  it was n't for religious purpose , it 's not like they ca n't eat anything else or were given halal meat , they just had one less option when it was pork day but it was also meant for other children , those who do n't like pork or just had pork the previous evening or even those who just did n't ... feel like having pork i guess ( i love pork but it 's not like i * always * jump on whatever looks pork-ish , sometimes you 'd rather have fish or beef or whatever is available that day ) . 
  part of me agrees that schools should stay out of the whole religion business but when you tell a kid to go against everything he was ever taught since birth by his parents by eating pork or do n't eat anything at all , it 's not staying neutral , it 's fighting against religion which is an entirely different matter . 
  why not give all kids different options like ... we have always done , it 's not like they 're going out of their way to cater specifically to some kids , all kids can eat / not eat pork when it is available . 
  back in my days , you had multiple options for your meal and muslim kids just ... did n't take the one with pork . 
  it has worked for decades without any problems and suddenly we start a year-long debate about whether or not we should provide vegetarian meals , pork-free meals or only offer pork , like , why ? 
  was it that complicated to buy both pork and something else and offer both for whoever does n't want one or the other ? 
  i 'm talking about [ posted workers ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=471&amp;langid=en ) you can be a romanian working in france and the company which hired you would pay the much lower romanian taxes on top of your salary rather than the french ones , thus making them way cheaper than french workers while they actually end up with the same amount of money at the end of the month . 
  on the other hand , you can hire eastern european workers and pay taxes as if they were still working in their home country , and since those taxes make up a good portion of the salary , there just is n't any way for french workers to actually compete with them without taking huge cuts . 
  true but on the other hand , germany is only 80 of the 500 + million people in europe ( 16 % ) so while it would be unfair to give countries with way less people the same power / influence as germany , it would also be unfair to ignore the remaining 84 % of europe . 
  for example , some germans are trying to push more immigration for europe because they have low unemployment and a birth deficit but your french neighbours have a birth surplus and a high unemployment so it would n't benefit us at all ( not that we should n't help refugees , it 's just an example ) . 
  our president has a 20 % approval rating and the only reason the others are n't as low as him is that they are n't in power and/or are n't hollande , trust me we 'd enjoy it too . 
  at this point ( at least in france ) , democracy is just throwing a vote every 5 years at whoever looks like the least worse presidential candidate and hoping they actually do what they promised us this time around ( which , they never do since every single one of the candidates likely to get in power has lied through their teeth time and time again for more than a decade ) . 
  other campaigns ( local , departmental , regional , european ) are usually seen as either a vote of confidence or a way to lash out at whoever is in power by voting for the opposition regardless of their program . 
  on the other hand , having brussels in france would probably force us to stop acting like children and wasting millions per year moving the whole parliament from strasbourg to brussels every few weeks . 
  the problem is that it feels like an illusion of choice , there are only a few parties likely to push a candidate in power and all of them have been around for 50 + years in one form or another and have total control over the political landscape and so many ties with the industry and medias that it 's pretty much impossible to go against them . 
  like , sure , i can throw my vote at any of them every 5 years but how much power have our politicians compared to what the eu forces upon us ( they say `` force '' when they push an unpopular decision upon us but they often vote for something they are pretending to fight at a national level or the other way around ) ? 
  how do i know whether or not once in power they will actually deliver on their promises ( hint : they never do ) ? 
  how many times do they meet with lobbyists , powerful unions or their rich influential friends when working on projects that will change the landscape of our country compared to your average voter ? 
  presidential elections are coming up soon in france ( 2017 ) and it 's a disaster , every single likely candidate has proven , either when they were in power or interviewed in the media proved that they were morons ... but the skills required to be elected and the skills required to lead a country are so widely different i do n't think a competent leader * could * get into power . 
  dissection is fine if it actually serves a purpose ( knowing the cause of death so you can heal other animals that have been in contact and are starting to look sick , medical research , teaching future students about that animal 's anatomy ) but i 'm not sure it 's the kind of happy / fun activity you expect when you go to a zoo . 
  i would n't watch one anyway , we had to dissect a mouse back in high school and i absolutely hated it , it 's not like it had a terrible impact on me but i ca n't say it was a positive experience overall . 
  i agree but i think that makes things even worse . 
  governments , regulation agencies , private companies , investors , consumers , everyone knows and yet everyone likes to pretend there is nothing wrong until the issue is brought up and then we all have to act surprised , feels pretty dumb and it really feels like whoever is in charge thinks we are pretty dumb or worse ... if they know we know and yet continue to lie , it 's insulting , it feels like they 're saying `` and what are you going to do about it ? '', 
  does n't make it any more legal , it 's probably even more disappointing that we are at a point where this is n't even a surprise . 
  hmm you 're right , your link does say that the high number was for the whole of europe but it still says 70k, 
  also , [ germany benefited a lot from the greek crisis ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33845836 ) but germany always benefit from other countries being weakened , that 's how they want to run europe . 
  i remember greece taking new loans so they could pay , er , the interest on their previous debts which did nothing to reduce the amount of debt they had ( quite the opposite actually ) nor to improve their situation ( no investment , government sold for a penny valuable companies / infrastructures to rich corrupt greeks who do n't even pay taxes ) . 
  he 's also forgotten that france had 70,000 heat-related casualties during the 2003 heat wave and is facing more frequent drought problems and illnesses / dangerous insects coming right up from africa and adapting nicely to our new weather . 
  i mean , he * does * raise some interesting points as a warmer climate creates both new opportunities alongside the new problems we 'll have to face but i would n't call it positive overall :(, 
  does n't really matter how much we protest against it , governments will keep pushing the law until it eventually passes . 
  plus there are probably things that are yet to be made legal but are totally done by our surveillance / secret agencies anyway , hard to trust the government these days . 
  at least the referendum is real , i still have bitter memories of the last referendum we ever had in france , we voted ` no ' and refused a treaty that ended up being signed anyway a couple of years later and we learned afterwards that there was only a referendum because our politicians were told the ` yes ' would easily win . 
  just ... how little choice do we actually have ? 
  yeah i think there is a huge difference between understanding things that you see / hear and coming up with things on your own . 
  my spanish classes are far away but i can still read spanish newspapers or watch tv shows with spanish subs ( i 'm actually trying to get back into it ) because the context helps a lot . 
  speaking spanish ? 
  i ca n't translate my ideas into spanish , i ca n't recall the words or come up with proper sentences . 
  but then again , it is also often easier to understand things than to explain them so the brain is just like that x ), 
   plus , all three languages are romance languages , so learning one helps as a pivot to learn the others . 
  yeah it 's true , you can even add italian to that list , visited malta a few years ago and tagged along an italian tourist group and could understand most of what the guide said without having ever learned italian , it sounded like a more romantic french language . 
  not that italian is really useful outside italy but it * is * a beautiful language . 
  spanish would allow you to at least explore spain + parts of south america , french covers some parts of africa + parts of europe + parts of canada and english ... pretty much everywhere because it really is taught in every country . 
  chinese is probably one of the biggest one , at least if you look at the number of people who speak natively but its usefulness outside of china is kinda limited . 
  that 's a shitty argument , raffarin was much better at convincing people to vote for something : [ `` win the yes , need the no to win , again ( st ) the no '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orj3wimdhlk ), 
  you have to be a special kind of stupid not only to assault the people you are trying to convince them they should not lay you off but to do it in front of the cameras , when you are being followed by dozens of people filming everything with their phone, 
  yeah they 've upgraded my street with led and it 's powerful stuff , much better than i expected since when people talked about leds , i always thought they were talking about these tiny-ass low-light thingies . 
  at least they 're not wondering if you 're a country in the first place :(, 
  does n't matter , it 's just more quality food for both our countries , life is pretty good in this continent of deliciousness . 
  from what i understand ( and i could be wrong ) , cars pollute more in cities because they keep changing speed ( you stop at red light and start again , accelerate then slow down when you get close to a vehicule then switch lane + accelerate to get past it then slow down once you 're in front because there are other cars in front of you , etc ) . 
  maybe it 's switching gears that consumes more fuel or maybe staying at a particular speed is less work for the engine than forcing it to accelerate every 5 minutes , idk . 
  some people claim that a gluten-free diet is healthier or that gluten has a negative impact on your body/mood even if you 're not allergic to the point it is an actual threat . 
  i honestly do n't know anything about it but it would n't be the first fad that has tried to change our eating habits for ridiculous assumptions that are later proved to be false . 
  yeah i 'd hardly call it a ` puzzle ' if real-world performances are worse than those announced by car makers , then they are lying about it . 
  letting private companies organize their own tests without any supervision or control and taking their results at face value was naive , at best , i would n't be surprised if most countries where the car industry is important ( france , germany , italy ) did n't create tests specifically designed to allow their companies to lie about car performances . 
  couple of weeks ago there was a report about diesel cars , they were tested in ridiculous conditions ( ca n't remember the exact numbers but it was something like going from 0km/h to 30km/h over 12 seconds , averaging 14km/h while completing a circuit and then concluding that they were n't actually emitting that much pollution ... ), 
  it 's not entirely meaningless , if you look at trends , a country with a growing gdp is probably faring better than one where the gdp keeps failing ... but i agree , there are limits to what numbers can say . 
  for example , gdp-wise , a fire burning down my house and forcing me to repurchase everything is a good thing and so is having to repair my car every months because it is a piece of shit , planned obsolescence is a godsend , hiring thousands of policemen to reinforce security in zones where people are being tormented by drug dealers is a net gain . 
  buying a single dog from a pure breed is probably generating more money than 10 families adopting dogs which would have been euthanized otherwise , spending $ 150 on steam sales to get 20 games is a big no-no as buying 3 games at retail price for $ 210 is much better for the economy , trading movies between friends is awful even if everyone involved gets new content and gets rid of dvd they did n't care about . 
  idk , it 's obviously a bit exagerated for the sake of discussion but you can definitely have a pretty good life ( and a lot of savings ) without contributing more to the gdp than someone who spends more even if he ends up having less goods . 
  on the other hand , the government supports gulf air companies which are maaaaassively financed by their respective governments with open arms in order to get some juicy deals ( eg . 
  we sold rafale war planes to qatar and in exchanged allowed qatar airways to compete with air france on more lines ) but then tells air france that if they can not compete then the free market dictates that all employees must work more / get paid less / get laid-off and refuses to help them financially ( a. because we ca n't refuel them for free as we do n't have oil fields and b. because we forbid ourselves to compete with our most direct competitors with the same weapons that they use ) the people who attacked the air france managers are wrong , you just do n't do that but the situation is really complex and pretty stupid , it 's not black & white . 
  also , people are n't hypocrites , if you look at farmers for example , they 're just selfish , they want to export ( more revenues ) but they want to limit imports ( less competition = more revenues ) , they 're pretty coherent if you think about it , even if they do n't make much sense because if each country did that or our government endorsed it , nobody could export . 
  poverty ? 
  lack of food , parents divorcing , fighting over the bills , water or electricity being cut , i dunno i guess kids can figure it out but to the point that they 'd kill themselves , it * does * seem kinda strange . 
  snow ... during the winter ? 
  who could have predicted that ? 
  there is a 1cm layer , all flights are being cancelled , children crying everywhere , car accidents all over the place , the country is stuck , what can we do , how can we prevent that from happening , what did the government promised last time , why did n't they actually do anything about it this time around , truly a mistery !, 
  if you lived in france , a better question would be : what is actually covered in the news ? 
  and the answers would be a disappointing `` not much , actually '' . 
  it 's poop , local stories , local death , politicians saying some bullshit , others politicians getting angry , a reporter live god knows where asking people who know nothing about a topic what the government should do , a 30-seconds clip of what 's going on in the world without any explanation , maybe one main story being covered as long as it is a tear-jerker ( until another ones comes up and they forget all about it , leaving us with no conclusion ) ... a true analysis of the republican primaries is waaay too much work for them . 
  he 's a rich campaigning for the rich and has what seem like insane ideas , at least he 's honest about it . 
  in a way i can understand the appeal , it 's kinda refreshing to have someone like him in the politicial landscape and be part of public debates ... now , putting him in power is probably not the smartest idea , it would n't even benefit the vast majority of the voters there . 
  a shame it 's rarely discussed in france , we are often reminded of the terrible stuff that has happened in our colonies but i 'm sure there are a lot of countries out there we could have deeper relations with and we 're missing that opportunity . 
  it 's true , france is kinda amazing in a way , we 're doing well considering all people in charge are pulling the country in different directions and are pretty much incompetent at every level where it matters ( regional / national politics ) , we have no plan , no vision , no politician above 20 % approval rating , no syndicate that is actually trusted anymore , our army is a shadow of its former self , we 're the most pessimistic in europe , our agriculture is only surviving thanks to subsidies , our industry getting destroyed every year , our service industry not doing so well , our culture / influence slowly eroding . 
  and yet , somehow , it 's pretty much fine , it could be worse , hell if we listen to our media , it should be worse but we 're trucking along, 
  reminds me of this oss117 quote ( a comedy movie ) where the hero ( an incompetent racist mysogynistic spy ) and the female lead ( a rather competent israeli spy ) are talking about brazil 's situation during the cold war  * dolor\u00e8s koulechov * : life here is n't easy for everyone , as in most dictatorships . 
   * oss 117 * : dictatorships !, 
  listen to you . 
  you 're sweet , but spare me your politics . 
  you know what a dictatorship is ? 
  people are communists . 
  they 're cold , with gray hats and boots with zippers . 
  that 's a dictatorship . 
   * dolor\u00e8s koulechov * : what do you call a country with a military leader , secret police , one tv station , and censorship ? 
   * oss 117 * : i call that france , miss. 
  not any france : de gaulle 's france . 
   all languages change ; it 's not like french has n't changed and is n't still constantly changing . 
  yeah , the [ french language has changed a lot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_french ) during the past 2000 years , even the words which survived up until now often have had their spelling change over time , it 'll obvious continue its mutation as it incorporates new english words or as we come up with new words to describe things that simply did n't exist before . 
  a shame those borders , they 're right , they were drawn a hundred years ago and they have no choice but to kill each other , we turned the most peaceful people on earth into bloodthristy maniacs but it 's understandable , right ? 
  i mean , living with people you hate so much you can not help but kill them , being in separate countries would have never led to a war . 
  we ca n't even understand that , i mean europe has always been at peace for the last 2000 years and i can not think of a single event around 1916 that would have caused people to hate each other in europe . 
  it 's a good question , are the radio stations only broadcasting songs people want to hear or are those songs the only ones they want to hear because those radio stations never broadcast anything else ? 
  i stopped listening to music radio stations because it basically had the same songs over and over again every day ( 1h-1h30 cycles repeating ad nauseam ) , every week ( the same top 50 ranking ) and throughout the year ( a popular song will just not disappear and even if you love it in january , comes september and you feel nauseous just hearing the first few notes ) . 
  i can not say whether or not those quotas are a good thing or if our french culture is in any danger to disappear , i love foreign songs / shows / book / movies so i can not really criticize those who do the same , 
  i know someone who lives there , the windows are custom-made ( some are tear-shaped or something ) and not easy to replace , rooms have weird angles so it 's hard to place furnitures without losing too much space , it 's a pain . 
  still , it 's an interesting concept , they look quite unique , it 's just that ... it does n't seem like they cared about people who would live inside when they made those towers .
