  the law was removed in 2013 though and it was barely used before that ( the dude who insulted sarkozy got a $ 30 fine and even that made the european commission unhappy ) . 
  seems like the only president who really used it was de gaulle but he was an authoritarian so it makes sense . 
  that was too greedy , you ca n't just give both the world cup and/or the olympics to russia , brazil and qatar while pushing aside all the non - or less corrupt countries and expect people to believe that there was no corruption involved . 
  i do n't think what hungary did or what its leaders said really mattered , some european leaders thought they would benefit more by siding with germany and it meant siding against hungary . 
  looking at french politicians , it 's obvious there are no plans at all and we knew it would be bad because we already have a lot of trouble integrating french citizens of foreign origins ( both sides make it pretty hard ) , trouble dealing with previous waves of migrants and trouble helping our own citizens who live below poverty line ( 13 % ) or those who do n't even have a decent accomodation ( 800,000 accomodations are needed to provide a decent one to everyone in france ), 
  it 's weird though , people seek asylum because their lives are in danger if they stay there * because * they belong to a minority ( yazidis , christian , kurds or whichever branch of islam is n't in power at the time , homosexuals ) but we should both accept the oppressed and the oppressors so that , after fleeing their home country , they can continue to live in constant fear of some murderous lunatic dickheads wanting to kill them ? 
  that 's some fucked-up logic , they ask for help , we lend them a hand , if they start causing trouble in the very country that is helping them and importing parts of the conflict others are fleeing then they are a threat to both other refugees and their new country , who puts up with that ? 
  and even then , looking at how greece was unable to go against europe 's pressure or how crazy was the backlash some countries have faced in eastern europe when they tried to keep control of their borders , changing the course of europe 's history is pretty much impossible at this point . 
  i agree with those who say that the skills you would need to get in power and the ones needed to lead a country are widely different so the people we need are probably never going to be in any position to lead us . 
  one thing i admire though is that people in power have convinced people that they were to blame to the oligarchy they have established , hell ... people think they have to blame themselves for our country being so much in debt thanks to stupid decisions at the top and that they have to be the ones footing the bill and that them getting paid and barely making a living is still earning too much and preventing our country from being competitive ... and now if you disagree then people blame you for voting for the wrong person even though that person did nothing he promised us , ah x ), 
  who would have thought wishful thinking and positive feelings are n't enough to face reality ? 
  yeah , just ... like , create a new party , got ta find a few thousands people and a few millions for your political campaign and i 'm suuure you can get in power despite all existing parties controlling all aspects of the political life , being well-established and omnipresent in the medias . 
  or just join a party and climb the ladder up to the top so you can turn their policies around , just got ta get past all those people who were there first and have connections , it 's so easy anyone could do it !, 
  haha but , seriously , do you expect ukraine to get crimea / independantist regions back , rebuild them and live happily ever after ? 
  i 'd have supported a tough stance on the obvious russian interception at the beginning and un forces getting between both sides while things calm down and we organize elections but i do n't see how ukraine could return to its pre-war state , not after a few thousands deaths ... maybe give it the yugoslavia treatment and divide it between minorities ? 
  if the life on the russian side sucks , they 'll crawl back to the west at some point i guess . 
  but what do i know , we 're just on reddit speculating and throwing ideas around , it 'll only become obvious in hindsight how good / terrible are the decisions we 'll have to take to end the conflict . 
  and hoping they turn against their leader when said leader controls the media , lives a happy life without caring about sanctions and can put the blame on the west for everything ? 
  punishment is a nice feeling for the one doing the punishing but i doubt it actually does much . 
  i want to agree but then again , have sanctions and embargos ever worked ? 
  we 've tried everything from threatening a country 's existence ( urss , north korea ) to economic sanctions ( iraq , cuba ) to overthrowing their dictator ( libya ) or democratically elected leader ( iran , congo , guatemala , chile ) to supplying rebels ( afghanistan , syria ) to supporting their military forces ( vietnam ) to walling them ( urss ) to take over their territory ( colonization ) to supporting both sides ( israel/palestine ) but ... in the end it 's always pretty ugly and does n't end well for the people on the ground . 
  is it impossible for the west to influence russia while accepting it ? 
  like dangling a pretty good-looking carrot in front of them and giving them a strong incentive to change , be firm but give them options that would benefit them . 
  i 'd say , support whoever is against isis while negotiating with assad a peaceful transition even if he 's probably the one who deserves it the least , let 's call it the cost to prevent further casualties and total chaos in the region ( where the minority assad belongs to would be exterminated ) , give russia crimea and let regions which want their independence decide who they belong to ( can we expect them to live in ukrain at this point ? 
  after all this bloodshed ) but reinforce ukraine and other russia neighbours to appear stronger in that region or something . 
  not sure , if you write in both english and a language i wo n't understand , i 'll only be able to read the english part . 
  if you write in both french and english , i 'll also only read the english part since there is no point reading the same message twice because it provides no added value . 
  i do n't really care about what people do but they should at least put the english title first , it would be a pain if the first thing that catches your attention is some gibberish you ca n't read on every post . 
  i 'm not sure if they really understand what ` atheist ' means . 
  they might be so certain that god exists and that every positive values they have ever been taught comes from god through religious teachings that an atheist would be someone who rejects these values and goes against god 's teachings . 
  eh , who knows , you do n't really need to go to church to understand that being a dick to others is n't cool , not doing to others what you would n't want them to do to you probably makes you better than the average in some countries . 
  some germans are quite happy about it because they have a low unemployment but a real need for cheap labour , especially with an aging population and a low birth rate . 
  it 's probably one of the reasons that pushed merkel to welcome migrants with open arms , the ones who made it across the sea are the ones who could afford it so they 're probably somewhat educated . 
  nowhere , in france only 1 out of 10 asylum seeker whose application has been rejected is deported back to his country , hell a few years ago we even paid romas to go back to their country and some used that very money to pay to get back here . 
  last week we learned that the government was paying 1,5 millions euros a year to use a little plane that could carry migrants all over france so they could be tried ( ... and freed 100 % of the time due to policemen not following the proper procedure ) and it has only been used for 100 migrants in the last 6 months . 
  i have mixed feelings when i hear migrants refusing to come to france , they talk about high unemployment , fewer opportunities , a asylum process that takes way too long , too much administrative bullshit to deal with , etc. 
  if the whole thing goes sour then we 'll be able to say that we have been saved by the sheer incompetence of our politicians , it 's a weird feeling . 
  one can dream but i doubt those who introduced it would ever admit they were in the wrong even if daylight savings was already deemed dangerous and did n't actually save much energy back in the 70s, 
  yeah but pushing for more buses while we 're organizing the whole cope 21 where we 'll be trying to convince the rest of the world to stop using so much fuel and emitting too much pollution is ... poor timing at best . 
  trains have a better coverage though and i really enjoy the whole `` being on the ground '' aspect even if it 's more expensive . 
  when i visit my grandparents , i can either take the subway ( 20 minutes ) then the train ( 2h ) and end up 5 minutes away from their house or take the plane but it 's a 1-hour flight to lyon and i 'd still have to use the train ( 1h ) to get there and i 'd have to leave much earlier since the airport is further away from home and usually requires you to be there earlier than a train . 
  but we could afford the train before they were ... hmm , let 's say `` encouraged '' to make terrible investments : investing millions in high-speed lines and new stations where there just were n't enough people to justify such an investment . 
  some train stations are just barren deserts when they 're not actually closed and some lines have half-empty trains and because they 're not really profitable , the price on all lines has increased . 
  so ... thank you all of our politicians for wanting your own line regardless of whether or not it would be useful ( the same way each and every one of them wants to leave a mark in history by building new airports or highways in the middle of nowhere ) and thank you to all the geniuses out there at the sncf who overestimate potential gains of new lines every single time regardless of previous failures just so they can receive public money and spend it with their private contractors . 
  my father worked at the sncf and told me many times that things went south as soon as the company started ignoring engineers and started listening to financial / commercial experts regarding the management of their network , not sure how true it is ( he * is * an engineer after all ) but bad decisions can certainly explain the current state of our train network . 
  and that is exactly why i can not understand why the french government is currently pushing hard to developp the bus market as a good alternative to the train that many can not afford these days . 
  i 'm sure a lot of countries have problems with trains but they 're pretty great in france , accidents are few and far between and often ( the last one was pretty scary though ) and there would be even fewer of them if people actually stop trying to get across roads when a train is coming and if the sncf properly maintained its railway . 
  not so much , too many drivers on the road , too many vehicles without proper maintenance , too many variables , a longer route and freak accidents that are just terrible to think about ... 
  i remember polish pilgrims falling down a ravine ~ 10 years ago , it , that 's a shitty way to go . 
  i dunno but we 're in the eu and we 're not planning to go at war with each other , i 'm sure the younger generations ca n't even imagine going at war with each other . 
  so it 's not that bad having to rely on each other and living together within the same union regardless of who was behind it . 
  it 's human nature i guess but after decades of peace , it is now taken for granted , we want more , we crave for more , we ca n't be happy just because someone else has it worse . 
  it reminds me of those american who always reassure themselves by saying they 're in a much better situation than somalia or syria , when did they get from `` we 're # 1 '' to `` at least we 're not dead last '', 
  i agree , the eu has done a lot of good ( peace within europe was unthinkable 70 years ago ) but it has no goals , no vision , no clear leadership and no idea what it 's trying to achieve so it 's no wonder individual countries are pulling the eu in different directions . 
  it 's a shame too but how can we expect our leaders to pull us back to our `` glory days '' when they are ashamed of how europe looked at its peak and spend their days weakening themselves and relinquishing powers to other countries in repentance or can not see beyond their own interests ? 
   i 'd like to think it 's because of cultural hybris , with a lot of people seeing swedish as some sort of post-modern next-level world culture , which all immigrants would easily adopt , since it 's so secular and rational . 
  sweden is n't the only country guilty of this . 
  i 'm sure the roman empire and every kingdom that has ever existed thought of itself as something that would last forever and only move according to its founder 's will , republics are n't that different . 
  france is the same , when you look at what defines us ( language , culture , borders , constitution , political organization , etc ) , it can be improved upon but nobody thinks it could go backwards or change so much you 'd hardly recognize our country in a few decades ... even though it has already changed so many times in the past that we have little in common with our ancestors . 
  this is what people at the bottom will have to deal with for decisions made by their delusional leaders so ... yeah , business as usual i guess . 
  it 's like in syria , the french president did n't want to hit isis too hard / other rebels in areas where they were fighting the government because they want assad to be weakened , but he 's a dude living in a probably overprotected palace/bunker , he 's not weakened , hell he 'd probably flee at the first sign of actual trouble ... people on the ground who would be annhilated if he fell are dying fighting for him and their families but nobody really thinks about them . 
  on the other hand , how much power do you have against your government ? 
  sure you can throw a vote at whoever looks the least insane every 5 years and then what ? 
  if sweden is anything like france you have to choose between people who will never get elected in your lifetime , the mainstream parties who have proven their incompetence times and times again and the people on the far-right who might or might not be totally crazy . 
  france is the country of demonstrations and strikes and even our people are getting largely ignored by our politicians . 
  hell , you even start hearing politicians say they 'll move forward regardless of our union 's stance on their new projects and that they will do so with those who agree with them so how much can those who disagree expect ? 
  we can delay the inevitable but they 're doing as they please . 
   the establishment in sweden are still delusional about this , they think that it will actually be economically beneficial in the long run . 
  so they are waiting for the jackpot to fall down on their heads , therefore it is n't a problem to rack up debt now . 
  even if it had a positive impact on numbers ( i say `` numbers '' because while trends are useful , they never really show the whole picture ) , a huge shift in demographics is a long-term committment that will change the nature of a country . 
  it will be a shift in government priorities and public spendings , it will change the political landscape of your country ( extremes will become more appealing , a gap will be created between pro- and anti-migrants , rise of communautarism on all sides ) , it will change your culture and what will become the focus of your medias for the next decades and probably create more / new problems that you had n't even considered yet as well as force your country to reinvent itself as it 'll try to come up with solutions to those problems . 
  not saying it 's a bad thing , i live in a city with plenty of foreigners and the vast majority of them are just average people trying to live the life doing what they can do ... but it 's different , the atmosphere / culture is different than in other areas of france where french natives are living on their own . 
  i do n't understand how politicians can throw that away so lightly and not even have a plan for dealing with well-known consequences of a lack of proper integration . 
  hard to say since the government likes to keep those investigations more or less secret but they have made some arrests in france and have upped the security in many places . 
  in paris every museum has now 2-4 security guards people looking in your bag + metal detectors , they 're also present in some malls ( eg . 
  la d\u00e9fense ) and high-value targets are protected by military personnel ( synagogues , trains stations , airports , etc. ), 
  in april , our prime minister was talking about [ 5 terrorist attacks that had been prevented ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2015/04/23/cinq-attentats-dejoues-en-france-ces-derniers-mois-selon-valls_4620981_3224.html ) during the 3 months following charlie hebdo ... probably more ever since . 
  i also remember a small company owner being beheaded by one of his employees and a yoga teacher killed by a wannabe terrorist who stole her car aaaand ... shot himself in the leg and had to call for help before he could carry out his plan + the thalys hijack attempt so it 's not like they have n't tried, 
  there are a lots of actual racism-related problems in france and a lot that needs to be done to improve the situation but associations like the licra or sos racisme are known for being massive trolls who will sue anyone and everyone for pretty much anything . 
  if anything , it 'll give her a boost in popularity as the sillyness of the trial makes her opponents look like fools , i do n't like the girl and do n't agree with some of her ideas but this is the least productive way to fight against her . 
  i love it too , the sheer amount of people singing the chorus makes it much better . 
  it 's probably one of those things where it 's better not to really know what 's going on and not being able to see the flaws of it if you really want to appreciate it  edit : fixed x ), 
  i think it 's a chicken-egg problem , they see themselves as different because are treated by others as different but they are also treated as different because they see themselves as different and it is reflected in their behaviour . 
  you could say that the way their parents raised them caused them to see themselves as different but their parents themselves probably felt different because they were treated as such while interacting with other adults . 
  in the end , it does n't really matter , it just does n't work i guess , probably never will ... most 3rd gen migrants i know are pretty cool though so being different is n't always an issue , it 's just part of the relationship . 
  i 've seen adults and college students go mad with power when given less power than that ( no , monitoring the classroom while the teacher is going to the bathroom does n't mean you are now a dictator who can boss people around ) , ca n't imagine how a bunch of kids are going to handle that with maturity and responsibility . 
  the ones willing to leave their country have seen first hand how terrible the local dictator / government / religion has fucked them up and slowed them down in many ways so i understand them being somewhat liberal ... if they agreed with the ways things were being managed in their country , they would have stayed there in the first place . 
  third-gen migrants ? 
  anything can happen , they live in europe yet are seen as foreigners by the natives even when they 've been born and raised here but back home ? 
  they 're also foreigners who have been raised differently and do n't understand the local traditions / values / way of life . 
  i 'm sure a lot of them struggle with their identity and obviously , there are people out there who prey on that and people gullible enough to believe them . 
  yeah but when you got a few migrants in one area , then it 's not really the same city / region / country anymore . 
  if you look at paris , the 16th or 8th districts ( rich people 's districts ) have a different feel to them than the 13th ( chinese community ) or the 3rd/4th districts ( lgbt communities + jews ) and i feel the same way looking at differences between muslim-dominated areas ( 93 , east of lyon ) or christian-dominated areas ( where my great-parents live so i wo n't tell that one but it 's all old folks songs , hunting , agriculture and local saints when you go there ) . 
  it 's not a `` bad '' thing per say , i live in an area which has improved a lot overtime and while we have a lot of foreigners , people are really integrated ( both 1st , 2d and 3rd-gen migrants i went to school with ) but the city is n't the same as it could have been without them , it 's different , the landscape is different , the restaurants would be different , the people you meet in the street or the languages you hear while they are on the phone are different , the people you know are from different cultures ( like they watch foreign shows , always go on holidays to their `` home '' country where they are treated as foreigners , care more about the politics from there than ours , etc ) , the products you can buy at the local shops / market are different , etc. 
  sometimes it 's a good thing , culture changes over time and it would have changed even if we had sticked together and closed up all our borders but while it 's going forward , we ca n't deny that it is also influenced by people from different cultures living with us and pulling it in different directions . 
  it 's not a decision you can take lightly because it 'll change how the country will shape up to be in the next few decades / centuries , it 's not just pretty number you can throw at the press during your annual report and i honestly understand why some people would rather stay with their own community outside of any foreign influence because they 'd rather live with people they can relate to rather than people they do n't really understand but what do i know , my stepfather is turkish and aside from his annoying turkish flags he ca n't help but put everywhere he can , after a few years i can say he 's a really great guy . 
  why not push pro-child policies then ? 
  french people are n't wizards , we have more children than our neighbours because our government provides a decent childcare , because the government helps women who do n't want to make a compromise between their family and their career , because we protect them from employers who want to get rid of them the minute they hear they are pregnant , etc. 
  the whole society has also changed overtime , you do n't * have to * get married when you get pregnant , you do n't have to stay together * for the kids * if your mariage is going sour , going out and have fun while giving the kids to their grandparents or a babysitter is n't a sin , juggling between family and work is seen as a good trait ... it 's flexible , none of that `` oh you got kid , better settle down , stop living the life and enjoy being stuck in the same situation for the next 20 + years '' bullshit some people have to deal with , especially in asia ( not sure how true it is but all my friends in china are expected to become mothers and stop working before 30 , studying was only there to make them more attractive to possible partners and while most of them are going against their families , they are n't really happy about it ), 
  makes sense too , you 're probably eager to prove yourself and who knows who pushed you into it and whatever nonsense he taught you ... plus , as a convert , you do n't have your own family , sharing the same religion as you , being there to tell you that you 're a moron .
