  french government did it too , they organized a referendum because all polls pointed out to an easy `` yes '' win but their campaign was terrible and the `` no '' won . 
  they signed the treaty a few years later anyway and that was the last referendum we ever had . 
  let 's not pretend the dnc and the media did n't give an unfair advantage to hillary during the debate and the primary campaigns , debbie wasserman schultz even had to resign because of that scandal ... and was offered a seat in hillary 's campaign staff as a reward for her work against sanders . 
  sanders lost in the end but people who were organizing and covering the primaries clearly sided against him despite their job requiring them to remain neutral during the elections . 
  and then they did nothing to keep the voters sanders brought to the democrats by shitting on them right before the general elections . 
  i 'm not saying sanders would have been a good president or would have won if things had been more fair , but do n't you think that rigging the elections and the dnc presenting clinton as the `` natural '' candidate you had to accept because it was `` her '' time to be president made people sour about the whole thing ? 
  trump did n't get more vote than previous republican candidates , hillary got way less than obama . 
  will this work every time though ? 
  if it 's something absurd like hollande ( the most disappointing president we 've had ) or sarkozy ( the most openly corrupt and second most disappointing president we 've had ) versus le pen , do you think they can continue telling people `` we 've heard your concerns '' , have an easy win and then the winner can go on for another 5 years of totally ignoring their concerns ? 
  i mean , it was a good tactic when the fn surged to unprecedented heights in 2002 and everyone was caught by surprise but they only made things worse in the 14 following years , i can see people voting for whoever seems like they actually care about them , even if their program is terrible ( because who reads programs these days and who actually delivers on their promises once elected ? ), 
   if the ruling elites take away all the relevant candidates , they are left with awful candidates that disfranchise the electorate . 
  it 's like they did n't understand what was the point of primaries : let people decide who will best represent the party during the presidential elections . 
  instead , they had already chosen hillary as the next president and wanted to use those primaries to give her an easy win , keep the media talking about her during months and use momentum to easily win the actual elections . 
  that 's what happens when you 're surrounded by yes-men . 
  i did n't think he was going to win but it was obvious he was gaining momentum throughout the year ( going from the guy with the least chance of being the republican candidate to someone who was able to go toe-to-toe with such an experienced politician ) while she was in a downward spiral ( health issues , the fact that there was an email scandal to begin with , she did n't follow simple security measures that would have cost anyone else their career , the content of her email is damning too , rigging the primaries , media campaigning against a candidate , etc ) . 
  sanders is n't the messiah but he had some great momentum during his campaign , if they had let the primaries run their course ( instead of handing hillary an easy lead at the start by making votes states where she had strong support and rigging it ) , sanders would have come out of it with more popular support than she could even dream of but instead we got someone who just screwed half her voterbase for personal interets . 
  yeah the only time i hear people ranting about the police , it 's when they are associated with laws that are unpopular with the general public ( like traffic enforcement cameras put at strategic places to maximize profits or the government trying to ban cars made before a certain year or filling their quota by arresting as many people as possible who have done little instead of going after the most dangerous people because it looks better on paper ) . 
  since they 're the ones on the ground enforcing those laws , they 're the ones people hate when they get fined but i 'm sure they do n't like it anymore than we do , it 's part of their job but probably not the part that made them become policemen . 
  otherwise , unless you 're a criminal or an anarchist , policemen have a good reputation . 
  there * are * problems with a few of them being violent or incompetent , it 's something you expect from any group with 140,000 + members but as a whole , we appreciate their work , they mean well , they just ca n't do much these days given how understaffed they are , how little budget and equipment they have and how often the people they catch get released despite ruining people 's lives . 
  most fights these days sound stupid , extremists on both sides blowing each other up , dragging thousands of civilians with them , ruining the lives of innocents without achieving anything long-term ( isis is never going to be a proper state , world domination is just not going to happen , an independant kurdistan is less and less likely to happen and is never going to get international support now that they 've resorted to suicide bombing , etc ), 
  would n't it be awkward for men who have done nothing to apologize to women who have n't suffered for all the bad things a minority of men did to a minority of women ? 
  it 'd be like someone apologizing to me for what his ancestors did to my ancestors , it 's pointless . 
  it only matters if the guilty people apologize to their victims , otherwise you look like you 're fishing for compliments or guilt-trip people into liking you . 
  i 'm sure that this is their reasoning though : whoever ends up being the lr candidate will become president as a ps victory is impossible and a fn victory is unlikely , left parties are divided and unable to agree to send a candidate representing them all , the lr primaries will decide whoever becomes president . 
  which explains the sheer amount of lr candidates . 
  but you 're raising an interesting question , is a le pen victory actually impossible ? 
  especially against someone who promises us an austerity hell or someone that is hated by the vast majority of voters ? 
  in 2002 old le pen got crushed but that was a good warning : there are some issues voters are worried about and are n't adressed by mainstream parties ? 
  what do you offer ? 
  nothing , just tell people it 'll be worse if they vote fn then make things worse when you get elected , repeat at each and every election ... there might be a point where it turns against them but it probably wo n't be thanks to a genius fn strategy as much as other parties destroying themselves . 
   if he had n't pushed economic reforms so hard , i think he would have had a good chance at reelection . 
  he was really unpopular before he pushed the last ( really unpopular ) batch of economic reforms but you 're right it pretty much sealed its fate . 
  it 's the kind of thing you might be able to push at the very beginning of your mandate when you still have some support but the labor law he tried to pass this year is everything socialist voters did n't want from a socialist president , it was a pretty good way to turn his own allies against him . 
   the ps winning in 2012 was more of a statement to how hated sarkozy is than anything else . 
  true , hollande won simply for not being sarkozy and whoever ends up against le pen in the second turn of the presidential elections next year is pretty much guaranted the win ( unless le pen finally breaks the glass ceiling and/or people get really upset about the lack of decent choice and decide `` fuck it , let 's try these idiots '' ) , which explains why every person we hate and would never vote for if there was actually a decent candidate are out there trying their luck, 
   during the campaign , his ideas wo n't be acceptable economically for the left and societally for the right . 
  i dunno , people are weird . 
  most people ( especially people who usually vote for the left ) oppose the labor law hollande was trying to push this year , we had weeks of strike , a president exploring new depths of unpopularity and that project was hardly game-changing yet when polled about which candidate from the right they could vote for ( if the elections end up with a far-right vs right-wing duel ) , jupp\u00e9 seems quite popular and jupp\u00e9 's proposals are far , far more liberal than the tiny law hollande got destroyed while trying to push , it 's worse than everything hollande ever dreamed of . 
  couple of my friends were robbed during their absence : people entered their house and stole some cheap jewelry plus a laptop and despite not being attacked , despite never seeing the thieves , they were quite traumatized by this event . 
  their home simply was n't a safe place anymore and thieves were n't a `` could happen but probably will happen to someone else '' thing anymore , it had happened to them and could happen again . 
  even after they left their house and moved to another flat , they do n't feel quite safe either . 
  ca n't imagine what it feels like to actually be robbed at gunpoint , i can understand them leaving . 
  there are many shop in paris where they hire people who can speak a specific foreign language , i heard about vendors from the chinese diaspora being there to help chinese tourists so an arab-speaking decorator does n't sound unlikely . 
  we 're not as terrible with foreign languages as our reputation says and we have a lot of people who come from families that emigrated from arab-speaking countries . 
  not sure why but he 's trying very hard to be the french donald trump these days , it 's a good way to be the center of attention and force other candidates to react to what he says instead of pushing their own agenda but he sounds so ridiculous it 's actually hard to imagine this man was once president . 
  the good thing is that when he was in power , he said a lot of things , promised a lot of things and was ready to introduce life-changing laws at every occasion ( laws that were often deemed unconstitutional or were already existing or useless as we lacked the tools to enforce them ) so britain can rest assured , he can promise to stop the brexit as much as he wants , it does n't mean he 'll do anything about it . 
  same way hollande went to meet merkel and put a stop to austerity measures at the beginning of his term , went there , said hello , merkel said `` no '' , came back and was like `` well , i tried '', 
  the last two decades of french politics have proven calling the far-right `` nazi '' does n't help at all , it obviously wo n't push people who directly oppose them or disagree with them on every issue to defend them but it 'll push many people who are on the fence or sympathizers to vote since they feel insulted . 
  it worked in 2002 in france ( le pen was 2d in the first round of presidential elections , actually got more votes the second turn but was crushed by a panicked majority ) but they did n't change anything afterwards . 
  i thought they were buying time and would adress the issues fn voters were raising but instead they just watched the fn rise and told voters times and times again that `` they heard us '' , that democracy was in danger , that we should continue voting for obviously incompetent people we hated because not doing so would destroy the country and allow for the rise of the 4th reich , etc. 
  turns out nothing has changed , same old people presenting the same ideas , people who criticized the same things they were unable to adress once in power but if they wanted the fn to stop rising , all they had to do was to do their job correctly or gtfo . 
  primaries are already underway , presidential elections are coming up next but i 'm not sure what his game plan is . 
  people hate on the left because they are too liberal ( they seriously pushed reforms the right never thought were possible in france ... then opposed them because they can never agree with their opponents ) and most right-wing candidates are promising us a liberal hell . 
  he 's also taking a tough stance on immigration but he did n't do anything when he was in power except making things worse ( disbanding sangate camp near calais , reforming our secret services and making a mess of it , reducing budget and personel for both the army / justice / police systems ) and the far-right has always been better at it anyway . 
  it 's also the same strategy that made him lose in 2012 but sure , why not . 
  we should . 
  at this point , it 's pretty much private companies dictating our politicians what they have to do because there are billions of dollars/euros at play and it does n't matter if they have to throw millions of their citizens under the bus or jeopardize the the future of their nation , short-term profit is what matters in hopes that they get something in return later down the road . 
  and sure , people could do something about it but we 're not educated on most issues and the same people lobbying to prevent anything to be done are also the ones controlling the media so they tell us what to think or tell us we ca n't do much even if we disagree and that 's it . 
  and i do n't even think it 's a conspiracy , it 's not like they have a secret room and discuss things cloaked in black robes , they all share the same interests and make the same decisions because doing otherwise would mean letting their competitors get ahead or miss some sweet profit . 
  some days it looks like our president is nothing more than a glorified salesman : touring the world with businessmen , putting private companies interest above everything else , talking contracts but refusing to discuss actual issues . 
  even our own media would rather talk about the contracts signed than what was discussed in his meeting or press conference . 
  well , they 're not exactly going around with an isis flag and isis membership cards asking the police for directions towards their target , i suppose posing as a random migrant is what they call a `` secret '' since you do n't know who 's a threat and who is n't . 
  you 're right though , we 're at war , we 're letting millions coming from a warzone controlled by our ennemies , they promised to strike at the heart of europe , we opened every border between here and there , does n't take a genius to see an opportunity , we laugh at the trojan for their naivety but at least they did n't know enemy soldiers were hiding in that horse . 
  this is something morons from all over the world should be more aware of , they 're not as different from foreign morons as they think , hell , they even share the same hobby !, 
  maybe we can put aside our differences , one brawl at a time . 
  i even see people do it in peak hours where there 's a train every 2-5 minutes on the subway lines i use , is it ever worth the risk ? 
  i see people running down the escalator when the train is signaling its doors are closing and they 're not even halfway-down when the train has left the station , the only thing they did was risking their safety and the safety of others around by rushing like madmen . 
  before they were attacked , charlie hebdo was on the brink of bankruptcy and the number of readers was at an all-time low , which means enough people had seen it and decided they did n't like it . 
  a bit ironic that the attacks have made them famous worldwide and given them more exposure than they would have otherwise and people are now waiting for their next release just so they can find something to get angry at . 
  i 've looked at a few issues , it 's not my type of humour , it 's childish , gross , crude , sometimes a bit lazy but , on the other hand , it 's obvious they 're doing a lot of research for their jokes / issues , they are n't targeting any specific community , i 've seen them bash pretty much every group you can imagine ) , they 're not bad people , they 're sometimes pretty on point with how the media portrays similar incidents in different ways but i think they 're above all the part of your brain you do n't want to acknowledge , the laugh you do n't want to be seen in public , etc. 
  they 're a bunch of morons but they 're our bunch of morons and we ca n't abandon them . 
  people who want to sit on the throne and prevent anyone else from doing so too , while having no idea what to do with the power they 've been entrusted ( except , shower whoever helped them get here with money and positions ofc ), 
  and on the other hand , you have people who visit places and attend crimes tours just so they can see places where terrible people did terrible things to those unlucky enough to cross their paths . 
  i would n't be surprised if there was a terrorism hotspot tour someday , people are just weird like that . 
  but i agree , part of my family lives in nice and i was there this summer , the mood was pretty weird even if you avoided the promenade , it was obviously something everyone had in mind . 
  true , paris might be safer than a lot of locations , there are also equally interesting cities that are safer than paris . 
  the risk of any particular individual being involved in a terrorist attack might be small , the risk of a terrorist attack happening really is n't so you ca n't blame people for choosing other locations if they look even slightly more attractive . 
  yeah , 50-70 $ is what you 'd usually get for a night in smaller cities in the countryside , seems pretty low for an hotel being in such a good location . 
  when you think about it , with nearly 50 % abstention and 5-10 % voting for small parties and only casting their votes for bigger ones when they want to prevent the party they like the least to get in power , the remaining three parties having more or less the same amount of supporters ( 20-20-20 ) , it 's no wonder our president is never popular , 80 % of the population is n't actively supporting whoever wins and that 's before they start doing stupid stuff that makes them even less popular . 
  true , and the fn did n't even have to do anything . 
  other parties pretty much destroyed themselves both by showing their incompetence once in power or their foolishness as part of the opposition ( the same way the republicans in the usa shot themselves in the foot by opposing obama for the sake of opposing obama on pretty much eveything ) and when the people just have had enough on them , instead of a change of leadership , they promise us ... nothing , nothing we have n't already seen before . 
  having the fn in power is a huge leap of faith ( none of them have had a major role in governing the country unless you count their mediocre performance at the eu parliament or the few cities they manage here and there ) but since people have realized hellfire did n't rain from the sky when a fn member became mayor , then maybe they wo n't be more dangerous for france than the others . 
  still , it might be their biggest/only chance but i 'd be pretty surprised if they won it , i 'd enjoy how the other two biggest parties would just implode when they realize they 're responsible for it too ... who the hell wants a hollande vs sarkozy : round 2 anyway ? 
  it 's usually said that le pen biggest challenge is a glass ceiling ( her supporters might not vote for other candidates when she 's out but lr/ps supporters will vote for whoever is against le pen even if they do n't agree with their ideas ) she might actually beat them in the 1st round simply for not being hollande nor sarkozy ( same way hollande won because he was n't sarkozy ) the two more likely candidates for lr/fn are also the two most recent disappointing presidents we 've had but the 2d turn is a hard one to win for her . 
  media started reporting on it long before the nice attack . 
  i remember journalists repeating many times that terrorists should use any and every tool available at their disposal to strike innocent . 
  obviously someone who is being fed isis propaganda 24/7 already knew that but it has to give some dumbass ideas . 
  ofc now that they have become somewhat common , you ca n't not report on it but i do n't like the way we have handled isis propaganda from the start , often doing exactly what they wanted ( traditional media ) and doing little to nothing trying to stop them ( social media ) then acting surprised when they gained traction and a lot of followers . 
  isis urged their followers to do that and our media was dumb enough to relay the message hundreds of times in the last two years . 
  it would n't have prevented all attacks and they can get the idea from somewhere else ( this is more common in attacks against israel , right ? ), 
  but i 'm not sure why we are relaying ennemy propaganda and giving some of our dumbest people ideas . 
  i agree , it sounds like things do n't exist until we have discovered , which does n't make much sense . 
  i do n't think ghosts exist ( though i did hear a disembodied voice as a child coming from my closet one afernoon , could be an hallucination or my brain playing tricks on me ) but all we can say is that , if there 's such a thing as ghosts , the lhc found no trace of it . 
  someday the onion will become the go-to newspaper people read to know what 's going to happen in the near future unless even they can not keep up with how ridiculous things are going . 
  it 's even worse than that , charlie hebdo might have made a lot of enemies with their actual drawings but some of the biggest protests were incited by people who just made stuff up - i remember one imam going around his country with a video of a man imitating a pig ( yeah , competing to see who can make the best pig imitation is apparently a thing ) and claiming that this man was pretending to be their prophet and mocking their religion plus he had some badly photoshopped drawings that made things look way worse than they actually were . 
  it 's not like they lose their temperament and give in to hatred , some people and unfortunately they seem very good at inciting other people to join them , seem to be hateful by nature and then look for an excuse to become violent . 
  yeah , there 's no public data on race or religion but if you look at the numbers here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_france#religious_membership_statistics - you can get * some * ideas of our demographic data . 
  it hardly looks like we have 12 % practicing muslims , we might have people with muslim-sounding names ( and i think a fn mayor got sued for using that as a statistic to prove how many students were muslims in a school ) but if you read the notes below the table , only 4.5 % of people show up to church every sunday despite 45-65 % of the population being catholic ( `` catholic '' as in they were baptized once , enjoy religious weddings and go to church for burial ceremonies but more because that 's how it is rather than because they 're hardcore believes ) so even if 3-8 % of the population consider themselves muslims , i doubt many of them attend their local mosque on a regular basis or share the views of extremists . 
  yeah it 's pretty weird considering their turkish family living in turkey is anti-erdogan and they are surrounded in france by people who are mostly anti-erdogan - i suppose it 's easier to believe propaganda when you do n't trust the french news and do n't live in turkey where people can easily see that glorious life in turkey is n't as glorious as dear leader claims it to be ( unless you 're dear leader or one of his friends ),
