  a snatch team putting themselves at risk and violating another country 's sovereign territory . 
  i agree , it 's a war , he 's a soldier in the ennemy side , he ca n't just expect not to be killed by the coalition forces , people die in a war , surprising . 
  sure , he 's a criminal and a traitor to his country , and if he surrendered , a proper trial , as a war criminal and a murderer would have been fair , if he had surrendered and was executed on the spot then i 'd side with corbyn because there are rules regarding prisoners of war . 
  but he never did , right ? 
  stayed right in the middle of syria having some fun killing people , his life is one life , the single life of someone who was proud to be a butcher and a murdered , if even one of our allied soldiers had been killed capturing him when we could have killed him , it would have been a tragedy . 
  it 's war , corbyn is naive , you treat pow well but you ca n't capture every single ennemy soldier while refusing to shoot at them while they shoot at you or plan their next move . 
  some news are reporting up to three ongoing shootings ( one at a restaurant , one at the bataclan theater and maybe another one at the stade de france where the germany vs france friendly is playing ) . 
  still pretty confusing atm but it seems like there are already casualties :( and maybe some explosions at the stade de france but they 're not evacuating it and hopefully it 's just some firecrackers and a lot of confusion . 
  not in sweden but in france , being a worthless politician has never stopped anyone 's career , you ca n't vote for a more capable politician because all the options are terrible and because the skills one would need to be elected have nothing to do with the skills needed to lead a country . 
  also , nobody cares about your votes , they can promise you heaven but what 's one vote compared to a few millions euros ? 
  the ones who are in position to get elected are the ones with the most connections and financial support , everyone who is afraid to use others as a stepping stone to get into power was used and discarded by those who are now competing to get into power . 
  so we vote for the one who looks the least terrible i guess , not that they fullfil any of their campaign 's promises anyway . 
  yeah , well , there * might * be reasons as to why other countries were n't as glad as sweden to welcome hundreds of thousands of refugees with open arms , reasons which will become obvious when they realize how much of a burden they 'll be on their economy and how much of a headache those who refuse to integrate can be . 
  i do n't want to be a dick towards refugees , fleeing war zones is the sensible thing to do and going for the most welcoming country is a nice goal but this new batch of refugees are n't the first ones we have to deal with , we failed at integrating some from previous waves of migrants ( and our politicians are partly to blame for that one , the sheer level of their idiocy is staggering ) and fail at helping our own population so of course we 'd be overwhelmed by new migrants . 
  even if you can live alone , the question is : should you ? 
  splitting the rent or local taxes with your parents is probably more profitable even if it ... it 's probably a great source of tension , there is a reason people want to live on their own at some point , 
  yeah but there is a clear celling atm , they might be the party with the most voters but they are also the party with the most people who do n't want to see them get into power . 
  which also explains while both mainstream parties are racing to the bottom and try to make their opponent look as bad as possible ( not that they need much help to look like morons ) as they think getting pitted against the fn for the 2d round is a certain win . 
  but it 's really playing with fire , how long until the fn actually ends up in power ? 
   are the french people that mediocre too to allow such a mediocre political elite to rule them ? 
  that 's the question . 
  amongst all the potential 2017 candidates , amongst all those who will ( probably ) run for both mainstream parties primary elections , who would you vote for ? 
  the problem is that we rejected pretty much all of them , we told them they were failures and useless , which is why they are all at such a low approval rating but they just do n't care . 
  otherwise i agree , people around calais might be harsh towards migrants but the inaction of our government / police / justice has made their life way , way worse than it was pre-migrants . 
  french president has been dipping as low as 15 % and is barely above 20 % and he 's still considering running for the next presidential elections , they just do n't give a fuck . 
  europe expects another 3 millions refugees next year and we 've been unable to deal not only with the 800,000 that have come this year ( unless predictions have changed since september , it should be 800k right ? ), 
  but also those that came before them and our own natives . 
  looking at my country , france does n't need a cheap labour , france has a problem with high unemployment , a housing crisis ( the abb\u00e9 pierre foundation claims that we 're missing 800k decent accomodations for our own people ) , a poverty crisis ( 14 % below poverty line ) , ever-increased taxes ( that were supposed to hit the top 10 % but ended up making hitting 80 % of the population including our poorest who had never paid their taxes before this year ) and massive cuts in public spending ( overcrowded prisons , understaffed everything , overburdened justice system but still enough money being wasted for stupid projects ) ... and we have no plans to integrate refugees beyond claiming on tv that this is the right thing to do for easy points . 
  it 's not like there is a facebook employee behind each internet user , monitoring their individual traffic but even if you do n't have a facebook account , if there is a way to create a dummy profile of you ( based on which websites have been browsed from the same ip or some internet wizardy shit ) , it 's still useful data for advertisers , they can probably guess your age/gender too and that + your browsing habits are all they need . 
  haha and on the french one they call it something like `` when love and politique make do n't mix well '' but they use the word 'm \u00e9nage ' which is also a household . 
  it does n't really have the same feel to it , 
  sounds a bit stupid but i 'm not sure people care too much about lyrics , i know i did n't as a kid , not sure how many people do/don ` t. 
  music is pretty much the one thing you can enjoy even if you do n't understand it , i enjoy korean / japanese music the same way i enjoy guitar / bass covers or classical music , it 's just nice to the ear . 
  hell , given how shallow are the lyrics on most songs , it * might * be for the better , i 'd rather keep believing the stuff i like is not totally appaling . 
  my company had an employee-only restaurant and stuff there was cheap because both companies using it partly paid for it so i guess it would ... somewhat make sense for them to refuse non-employees ? 
  or they could make an employee discount , allow employees to pay with a company-only card and make outsiders pay the actual price , i 'd never say no to one more customer x ), 
  i actually have no idea . 
  we start learning english pretty late , at the beginning of middle school ( 10-11 years old ) , we have no exposure to the english language in our medias ( no subbed movies nor tv shows , you have to visit specific bookstores to purchase english books ) , we learn two foreign languages at the same time ( actually learned both german and spanish in school + english with a tutor back then ) , we love translating stuff in french ( not as much as our cousins from qu\u00e9bec though and it will hopefully stay that way because some of the words they come up with are ridiculous ) , there are enough french-speaking people around that you can spend get all your news and discussion on french websites and forums , the way we 're taught things is often not really practical ( sure , you know the verbs , the grammar rules and have a lot of vocabulary but how often are you asked to talk in english or write essays ? 
  in my school it was pretty rare ) , too many children per class ( in my school it was 35 + ) , younger and less experienced teachers are sent to the toughest schools , etc. 
  it 's starting to change though , popular movies are sometimes shown with english subtitles , american culture is more popular than ever and watching their newest shows with subtitles is often quicker than waiting for them to be translated , people travel abroad more than before ( erasmus program + french people love going to australia , the usa or london , big french community there , will probably be even bigger now that all the countries we used to visit are full of people willing to kill us ) , american websites are often a quicker and better source of information , etc. 
  who knows , i think the truth is somewhere amongst these lines , there is nothing that really screams `` this is the reason we suck at english '' , none of our issues are france-specific but we suck , all of them at once sucks and tbh , our education is really not what it used to be , the government is pushing a lot of reforms but nobody really seems to know what they 're doing . 
  it * might * actually be the problem , french politicians like looking at how other countries are doing it buuuut , we ca n't copy them , we have to start from scratch and pay politicians and their friends a fortune for them to come up with something often pretty similar to what you can find abroad except we ... you know , we 'll never spend as much on things as sweden does so it ends up not working ( most well-known example are second-offenders who have just been released out of prison , shorter sentences and getting help to find a job works in nordic countries where 1 person monitors 10-15 ex-prisonners but in france , one person will have to manage 400 + people and has no idea what everyone is doing or who needs help ) . 
  we already have a franco-german tv channel , [ arte ] ( http://www.arte.tv/ ) and it 's actually a pretty cool one , often way more interesting than our national channels even though they sometimes broadcast the most obscure stuff one can think of . 
  there are only a few dual languages programs as they often broadcast movies or documentaries you watch in your own language but the core concept is there , i 'd love to see europe-wide channels appealing to all people and available in more languages  honestly , i got the english basics from school ( some grammar , lots of vocabulary ) and i would n't have been able to do shit without that but understanding written and spoken english and then being able to speak and write it on my own was impossible until i started watching movies / tv shows with subtitles , reading mangas in english and later playing all my games in english , practice is king . 
  i remember watching subbed tv shows while visiting denmark and i think it 's amazing , you get used to hearing people speak english ( and no amount of grammar / vocabulary lessons can give you that ) and you get used to reading ( and thus writing ) your own language . 
  we suck at speaking english but lots of people also suck at writing french , i know a lot of people who write french like they say it , they have no idea how the words are meant to be written , it 's awful . 
   i do agree about the bragging thing though . 
  drinking might have been cool when we were 15 years old , but that 's about it . 
  it 's as pathetic as the `` i 'm so high right now ! '', 
  people online . 
  it 's definitely an age thing . 
  as a teenager , i was really proud of being able to hold alcohol despite only being able to drink light stuff ( cider , champagne , panach\u00e9 which is ... a beer-lemonade mix ) , there was some appeal to being able to do adult stuff but once i was actually allowed to , it lost all its appeal . 
  as a college student . . well i guess there is the whole party / fraternity mentality we imported from the usa , people brag about the stupidest things but it 's our first steps towards independence , experiencing new stuff is understandable ( still stupid ) . 
  as an adult i can guarantee you nobody will be impressed by your drinking , some people enjoy it but i 've never seen an adult brag about it , being drunk in public is a big no-no but i guess it 's the same everywhere , disturbing the peace is never seen as a positive thing . 
  if you do n't say hello to someone and they do n't bring it up then nobody is forcing anybody to do anything . 
  but when you enter the bus , the driver will say ` hello ' to you , it 's common courtesy , the same thing happens when you enter a small shop or a restaurant , it 's a greeting , if you do n't return that greeting then it 's rude because not only are you being impolite by not greeting them , you also ignored their greeting . 
  it 's like ... if someone holds out his right hand to shake hand and you keep your hands in your pockets , it would be considered incredibly rude , almost humiliating if you shook everyone else 's hand and refuse to shake his for a few seconds . 
  it 's not like people will investigate your drinking habits and judge you based on that but ... 
  i mean , france is n't that different from other countries right ? 
  we got a alcohol addiction issue , especially with the youngs , we got a lot of drunk driving road accidents , people wo n't say that drinking is bad but if you crash some place completely smashed and brag about how much you drank last night and how you ruined someone 's carpet or vomited all morning , people just ... do n't want to hear about your drunken exploits . 
  not saying ` bonjour ' is your definition of an exciting life ? 
  is n't it the same system all over france ? 
  you enter through the front door , you exit through the back door and you say ` hello ' because we 're not savages living in caves and it does n't cost much to at least adress the person driving you around . 
  that being said , not saying anything is not ` humiliating ' , especially during rush hour if you enter along with a lot of people but i did see a couple of drivers get angry when someone entered an almost empty bus and did n't return their greeting . 
  we can set up refugee camps outside europe , it 's not like there are a few relatively peaceful countries around syria and between syria and the schengen area . 
   career politicians have corrupted the whole notion of being represented by the one you voted for . 
  it 's a shame , at this point it seems that the only ones who ever have a chance to get elected have good political skills ( climbing up the party ladder , making compromises left and right , making pacts with all the influential people , using every nice dude as a stepping stone and crushing your opposition ) but none of those skills are particularly good when it comes to leading the country or at least leading it in a way that benefits its population and not the few that got you in power . 
  never let facts and common sense get in the ways of feeling good about yourself !, 
  it 's like that poor kid who drowned at sea , it sure was a shitty way to die but instead of telling refugees to stop coming here , making our borders tighter than ever and picking refugees ourselves in the camps at the border , we opened those who made it across with open arms , luring more people into making the dangerous trip at sea and killing even more kids ( and non-kids as i 'm not a kid but still a huge fan of not being dead ) ... awesome results . 
  i agree , him being in position of power means that you can not get around him if you 're dealing with the federation so gays and jews would have a harder time . 
  it 's like people who refuse to apply the law and marry homosexual couples , your opinion is one thing but you 're not doing your job by refusing to deal with a small percentage of people using your services . 
   well , colbert did some of that stuff in the late show , for like every debate there was , he also had e.g. 
  jeb bush on his show . 
  but in my opinion , the quality/entertainment value is lower than it used to be in the colbert report . 
  is it still `` in character '' pretending to be an absurd republic out-of-touch with reality or did he go back to his normal self ? 
  i feel like i actually do n't know the real colbert at all so i 'm not sure i 'd enjoy his new show ... which ... 
  i 'd know if i actually took 5 mins and watched the show :p edit : ok , cheers for the feedback , i 'll watch a couple of episodes tonight , see if the magic is still there , 
  loved watching daily show / colbert shows reports on the previous elections but it seems that both shows are over so there i 'm a bit disappointed i can not watch all the weird shit some candidates are saying before they get out of the race . 
  i 'm really surprised by the amount of bullshit some candidates can say without being ridiculed by the press and looking at the elections from france , i 'm always surprised by the lack of left-wing candidates , republicans and democrats would both be considered right-wing ( our socialist government has gone full retard and is now pro-liberal anti- `` everything the left has always stood for '' so i 'm not sure i should laugh at you though ), 
  never heard of african democratically elected presidents who refuse to give up their post when their term is over or nazi germany putting a dictator in power or rigged elections in eastern europe and the middle-east ? 
  also people can vote against their interests , does n't take much to convince people to vote for them or against others when you are in power and control every aspect of their lives . 
  if we blame the turks for not standing up against erdogan or listening to the man who controls all national medias then we should probably blame our ancestors for not standing up against our kings earlier . 
  but it 's pretty stupid , you ca n't just decide to be a democracy overnight . 
  doing things that sound nice in theory while ignoring the reality and without having a proper plan to deal with unforeseen consequences ( that anyone with a lick of common sense could foresee ) definitely is our trademark . 
   i wonder how many fucking times this is going to happen before people realise how dangerous it is to set of amateur pyrotechnics indoors . 
  so many people have died thanks to this . 
  probably my biggest nightmare : closed space with few exits , unfamiliar place , huge crowd which can also be pretty indisciplined ( especially late at night and/or drunk ) , adding pyrotechnics to the mix would make me really uncomfortable . 
  true , getting rid of it was a good idea , especially if it can be abused by a shitty president . 
  on the other hand , i ca n't help but cringe a little when people mention the maximum possible sentence for something silly like that ... serious crimes aside , you often hear the media say `` up to $ 50,000 + 3 years in prison '' for a minor offense and everyone is shocked and panicking but then somebody gets sued and gets a $ 50 fine + a warning . 
  always reminds me of this oss117 quote :  dolor\u00e8s koulechov : life here is n't easy for everyone , as in most dictatorships . 
   oss 117 : dictatorships !, 
  listen to you . 
  you 're sweet , but spare me your politics . 
  you know what a dictatorship is ? 
  people are communists . 
  they 're cold , with gray hats and boots with zippers . 
  that 's a dictatorship . 
   dolor\u00e8s koulechov : what do you call a country with a military leader , secret police , one tv station , and censorship ? 
   oss 117 : i call that france , miss. 
  not any france : de gaulle 's france .
