  it 's the same for my french-turkish friends - they 're all rooting for erdogan but their family only watch government-controlled info channels ( well , i 'm not sure if they are directly under their control but given what happens to those who criticize the government , they do n't even need to ) so every criticism is western propaganda , the coup was backed by the us and erdogan did nothing wrong / is the greatest human being ever . 
  you mean the one who was actually found guilty of corruption and was barred from holding public office for a decade when the party he led used public funds to pay employees who were actually working only for the party . 
  sure sounds like a great alternative !, 
  plus getting 100k after editing 3 articles as a stringer in a newspapers owned by one of her husband 's friends . 
  the scandal is poor timing for him but i think it 's excellent timing for us voters , it 's good to know that someone whose program is basically 100 % blood and tears for the working class ( cut benefits , cut public services and fire 600k public employees , make people work more for the same pay , etc ) because public finances are his # 1 priority does n't give a shit about spending our tax money on his wife for work she has n't done . 
  plus he kept talking shit about people living on minimum wages or people surviving on financial aid from the state as if they were parasites , and while there are people abusing the system , he 's a massive hypocrite for talking about it when he has done not only the same but with much bigger amount of money than any of them get . 
  and one they will need to negotiate with if they want to retain some of the benefits they have gained when they were a member . 
  even if israel welcomes jews who want to migrate there with open arms ( and annoyingly keeps inviting french jews to migrate there as if a war zone where the culture is nothing like the one they have been raised in for decades sounds like a great alternative to france ) , jews who frequented this synagogue are german citizens , right ? 
  you ca n't just burn down a church because you do n't approve the politics of italy or beat up a random jew who might or might not share the views of israel but just happens to have the same religion as the people who live there the same way you do n't boycott your local turkish kebab because you do n't approve of erdogan . 
  i dunno , obviously those examples are a bit ridiculous but i do n't see how you can target a local jewish community in germany and pretend you were protesting against a government thousands of kilometers away from there . 
  you do n't even need to get your ears pierced with clip-on and magnetic earrings so it 's not like you 'd be missing much . 
  i do n't know a single white-collar worker who only works 35h , working overtime is expected and i know a lot of people who are n't even paid for it ( especially when you 're a manager or an executive ), 
  he has tried to distance himself from this image recently though and his campaign is doing terrible because of it . 
  he had this image of being tough , caring about identity and security , not being afraid of angering socialist deputies who opposed him , even using the 49-3 to push laws through the parliament if his allies were n't cooperative enough . 
  some people hated him for it , some people liked it but those who hated him have n't forgotten how he acted under hollande and wo n't vote for him just because he pretends to have changed - those who liked him when he acted tough are probably disappointed by the way he acts now , not sure what he 's aiming for . 
  at least he 's not american because there 's not center nor anything that sounds remotely left-wing there ( maybe bernie sanders but he was ridiculed for it ) when you look at it from a french pov . 
  i suppose if there 's a messy divorce and one parent is fond of spanking their children , it can be used against him/her as to who should get custody or you could get in trouble if you do it in public and a witness calls the police on you . 
  it 's not the kind of law you can just decide to apply , spanking wo n't disappear overnight but if there 's a messy family and someone has witnessed spanking , it 's another law they can throw at the perp hoping something sticks during trial . 
  the goal is probably for spanking to slowly disappear over generations as people hide the fact that they 're doing it ( social stigma ? ), 
  or at least stop being proud of doing it . 
  were n't some parents actually sued for starving their baby to death when they tried to give him a vegan diet ( soy milk instead of milk plus apple juice ) ? 
  one could argue that calling it `` milk '' is misleading , even if it 's obviously not used to feed soy babies , it kinda implies that it is a viable alternative or a very similar product when it really does n't give you the same benefits as milk at all . 
  for an individual , killing as many people as possible and dying a martyr 's death is probably good enough , that 's a ticket straight to heaven for these weirdoes , right ? 
  for the organization behind them , any successful attack is a good pr move for recruiting new people , convincing others to do the same , reassuring their supporters that they are still holding strong against the western devils or some bullshit , plus we talk more about an attack on our soil than the ground they 're losing in syria . 
  and it increases tensions between communities here , even if politicians pretend that nothing has changed , probably * because * politicians like to pretend nothing has changed and people hate being told that when the opposite is obvious . 
  which makes the policies of the last decades even more ridiculous , all in the name of protecting minorities , we abandoned them in ghettoes where a minority of them ( radical muslims , gangs , drug dealers ) made their lives a living hell , made getting a job outside of ghettoes harder and will make them the prime target if there is a backlash against mass immigration , great job !, 
  one of the charlie hebdo attackers also lost his id while fleeing the police . 
  it 's stupid to carry an id if you 're robbing the place and hoping to live to see another day and enjoy the money you 've stolen but i suppose they want their name to be known or something , they 're actually proud of what they 're doing . 
  the saddest thing about it is that there are probably of lot of people living there who ca n't afford to move elsewhere ( these ghettoes are often full of social housing projects where people who ca n't afford a proper accomodation are sent ) and who would rather live in cities where women are treated better , where their kids have a better future , etc. 
  not saying they 're all innocent , the gangs controlling the areas , the people spreading their intolerant culture around are part of their group but they 're stuck with them and they see their children being influenced by them and embracing sometimes the very kind of culture they fled in their home country decades ago . 
  but the government has done little to protect them , all in the name of social peace , preventing unrest , allowing themselves to be easily re-elected , the fear of being seen as racists or intolerant if they acted tough on the minority amongst them who caused trouble . 
  and they have condemned the 90 % + of people who do n't cause trouble to a living hell all in the name of tolerance , they failed to protect minorities just so they would n't be seen as being too harsh on minorities . 
  every group or a vocal minority in every group ? 
  if they were n't complaining about this , they 'd be complaining about something else , there 'll never be a society without asshole trying to impose their vision of society on the others . 
  the funny part of this is that it 's sometimes the same vocal minority treating people with a different skin color like shit when they do their best to integrate or live an average life like any other without causing trouble and use those who do n't as proof that they all deserve to be deported because none of them tries to integrate . 
  we should be tougher on those who cause trouble , the state has done little to take care of the population stuck in gang-infested areas with no hope of their situation ever improving but there 's also much to do to help the majority of them when they face that kind of racist bullshit . 
  let 's be honest , even if she was born in metropolitan france , had been a french citizen from birth , with parents and greatparents who were also french citizens from birth , you 'd read the same racist comments , it 's all about her skin color . 
  guyana being far away from france is no excuse . 
  people do n't complain when white women whose parents or greatparents come from other european countries and win it . 
  most candidates are white women , which makes sense since france is mostly white but it 's not the first non-white woman to win ( sonia rolland , corinne coman ) and not the first non-white woman to rank high , it 's pretty neat - means that people who watch this show are more open-minded than some redditors out there . 
  you ca n't win though , this year people will complain about miss france not being white , last year minorities complained about miss france being centered around white women , that kind of shows brings the worst out of people when it 's nothing more than a family-friendly amateurish cabaret show , candidates seem to be having fun , people seem to enjoy watching it , who cares about results ? 
  the article does n't call them `` zombies `` in a derogative way or even says that it 's okay to use that word . 
  it explains a phenoma that was discussed and somewhat predicted in a controversial book a few years ago . 
   these men and women are , in the controversial term coined three years ago by the sociologists emmanuel todd and herv\u00e9 le bras , les zombies catholiques of france . 
  in their book le myst\u00e8re fran\u00e7ais , todd and le bras tried to explain why , in a country where barely five citizens in 100 attend church , the weight of catholicism is still evident . 
  they are n't called zombies because they follow the teachings of the church mindlessly or because they 're dumb , they 're called zombies because they somehow rise again and become so vocal on certain issues that you 'd think they make up half of the population when there 's only 5 % of people who actual go to the church on a weekly basis . 
  there are also way more conservative who agree with the church on certain issues than you 'd think if you only watched tv or listen to the radio , hence the surprise when they rise against it or passing a liberal law is somehow harder here than in the more religious uk or spain . 
  i 'd agree it 's not a good term though but i do n't think the article is insulting them . 
  thanks , guess we learn every day , 
  but , but ... 
  i want a moon base !, 
  plus they 've learned what kind of people the anti-establishment crowd was . 
  i 'm not saying people should put their trust in the establishment or those defending it but the brexit campaign was pretty weird : the outrageous lies on the negative effects of staying in the eu , the lies on the positive effects of brexit , the lies regarding how much eu citizens benefit from the uk versus how much uk citizens benefit from the eu , how the uk will still have to adhere to a lot of things to keep a lot of the benefits they want to keep , the total lack of a plan b on all sides when the results were announced , as if even the people who led the campaign to get out wanted no part in it , etc. 
  it 's like trump . 
  hillary 's campaign was a disaster and as much as democrats like to claim `` fool play '' when talking about wikileaks , the content of these emails does n't seem to be fake , the way they were working behind the scenes to pretty much hand her the throne no matter what was a huge turn-off . 
  but then you got trump elected and you look at him and you start listening to him going backwards on lot of promises ( especially the anti-establishment ones , he 's not exactly draining that swamp ) before he 's even president , it 's hardly reassuring . 
  and maybe you look at the shitshow in those countries and you think , maybe our establishment is terrible and the anti-establishment parties make the correct diagnostic when pointing this out but they do n't seem to be better , and the le pen drama between her and her father , her and her niece during the last few months makes them look like just like any other politician , people who care little about the country and way more about their own power / career / etc. 
  i think it 's even worse than that : only people who approve renzi as a leader and approve the reform will vote `` yes '' while people who might like renzi as a leader but oppose the reform will vote `` no '' , those who dislike renzi as a leader and do n't really want or care about the reform but not necessarily would have gone out of their way to vote `` no '' if he did n't put his resignation on the line will vote and obviously those who oppose both will vote `` no '' . 
  he pretty much doomed himself by putting his resignation on the line , there were a lot more reasons to vote `` no '' than `` yes '', 
   furthermore , the ps is in bad shape right now , nobody would want to associate with them as they will clearly lose the next elections i think they know the left ( whether it 's the ps or the far-left ) are going to lose the elections but i think their goal is to decide who 's going to be the main opposition to the next government past 2017 . 
  if the ps is crushed by m\u00e9lenchon then it 's pretty much over , is n't it ? 
  they ca n't keep throwing at us the same people we reject over and over again . 
  when in doubt about a referendum , just [ ask raffarin what you should do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv3l2y7uwnq ), 
   the comment ( either true or not ) was made in a private setting and we do not know the context . 
  then he was mocking people but i mean , yes , she 's not the most honest person there is but remember that he denied having ever said it before acknowledging it in his own book , which means he was n't really being honest either . 
  then he pretended that while he did call them toothless , he was n't mocking them but when she released the full text , he did n't even try to deny it , which makes him look even less trustworthy . 
  [ here 's a source ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/french-probe-on-defense-secret-after-president-met-reporters/2016/11/21/300888da-b01c-11e6-bc2d-19b3d759cfe7_story.html ) if anyone wants to learn more about it , the book was a disaster . 
  he even lost what was left of his voterbase to the left by stating that france had a problem with islam and that there was too much unwanted immigration ( even though he often publicly tried to convince people it was n't ) but no matter whether you agree with him or not ( i think he 's right though you can endlessly debate who 's responsible and what would be the solutions to these issues ) , the fact that he spent that much time with journalists and barely talked to some of his ministers probably did more damage , it looked like his legacy mattered more to him than his job as president ... or his country . 
  i think it was in a text he sent his wife at the time ( the one who wrote a book where she spilled the beans on him when she learned he was cheating on her ) , he denied it for a longtime despite her having screenshots of the conversation but i think he acknowledged it in his own book a few weeks ago ( the one where he pretty much destroyed his own reputation by letting 2 journalists spend more time with him than members of his government , letting them see top secret documents they were n't cleared to see like a potential syria invasion plan to overthrow assad amongst other ... sensitive information ), 
  called them `` toothless '' because when he visited poor areas , he saw plenty of people with missing teeth or crappy ones ( yeah , people who ca n't afford to fix it really enjoyed some rich asshole laughing at them ) . 
  punishing our current government by turning against them and pushing them to the bottom of polls once they 're in power is as close as we can get to our old guillotine-days . 
  tbh , with the sheer amount of people dissecting your every moves on social media and the media talking politics all day long , i do n't think we 'll ever have a popular politician ever again , no matter what you say , there 'll always be people explaining why you 're wrong before you finish your sentence . 
  i do n't think they 're that different from us , we change our minds and make mistakes all the time but others are too busy covering theirs to really care about ours while politicians are too much under the spotlight . 
   some people were afraid that hollande was going to skip it and declare himself candidate for the ps , but now we know it 's not going to happen . 
  unlikely , primaries have been announced a long time ago , if hollande decided to cancel them and make himself the official socialist candidate without going through primaries , it would be proof that he knew he was going to lose there and if he ca n't win * that * , how does he expect to do better in the actual elections ? 
  losing during the primaries , cancelling the primaries or being crushed in the presidential elections was going to be a huge humiliation ( plus it would have been awkward for the last 4 months of his term , if you 've been crushed in your own primaries , how can you represent the country ? 
  ) , might as well move on to something else entirely . 
  sure , some people will laugh at him but at least he took the hint , not like sarkozy who thought of himself as some sort of messiah the people wanted to put back on the throne as if his 5 years as president did n't disappoint the vast majority of us . 
  they already went for it , mohammed merah killed 3 jewish kids in 2012 and the group behind the bataclan/restaurants attacks last year was actually planning to attack a kindergarten near paris . 
  police only stopped them because one of their relatives called the police on them . 
  the key words here are `` how to '' , 
  yeah people have a difficult time with sex , gender & sexual orientation . 
  in today 's society , lucklily most people have all these things aligned in the expected way ( eg . 
  biologically female , considers herself a woman , is attracted to people of the opposite sex ) so they are easily accepted by the majority but those things are hardly a choice . 
  it should n't be that hard to imagine that if you were born and developped a certain way ( nature + nurture ) then there are people who were born and developped another way . 
  i mean , yeah gender is a bit of a clusterfuck if you really study it deep but which part of the human mind is n't ? 
  we had the same problem in france when the government tried to have some classes regarding gender equality . 
  nothing too exciting really , stuff like : is this something girls / boys do ? 
  do you think girls / boys ca n't do it ? 
  do you know that there are women in this male-dominated field and men who work in women-dominated fields ? 
  ... common sense really , like there are a lot of men in fashion , you can be a man and you can like dancing , you can be a girl and want to be a mechanic , it did n't tell you what to do , it just told you that you should n't think some things are impossible because of your gender . 
  and then there were people protesting against these classes because kids would be taught they could switch gender at will , that there was no boy nor girl , some fake news even pretended that kids would be taught how to masturbate . 
  it was nowhere in the program ( tbh if it was , i 'd be worried about the sanity of our politicians ) and the education minister had to refute it every week for months and there are still people who refuse to believe there 's no conspiration to turn their children into genderless demons . 
  he probably thinks he could save money by investing in the new-remain campaign since a brexit would cost him more in the long-term , not sure he ever cared about the future of the uk or any of its inhabitants . 
  funny thing is that if jupp\u00e9 did indeed get a lot of votes from left voters who wanted to prevent sarkozy from reaching the second turn of the primaries , with fillon that close to 50 % ... it 's not unlikely that they actually prevented fillon from winning the primaries during the first round . 
  there was no need to lie their way into that primary ( since you have to sign a document where you swear that you share their values ), 
  well , if you repeat it enough times and there 's no dissenting voice calling you out on your bullshit , i 'm sure it can work . 
  takes a few years but works , at least works enough for a tabloid like the sun to stay afloat for way longer than it should have . 
  said only reason he was n't pushing for more is that it 's the maximum number of hours authorized by the eu . 
  tbh , many people work more than 35h , especially white-collar workers but there has to be some sort of compensation for it ( increased pay , more rest or a salary so high people can earn a lot before they burn out and move on to an easier job ) .
