  should they ? 
  honestly i do n't know , i do n't think i 'd be able to enjoy the matches without thinking about what * could * happen and if something actually happens then we 'll all look in hindsight and say that we should n't have allowed the euro 2016 to stay in france and it 'll appear obvious . 
  it 's supposed to be a festive event , nobody should go to a match and fear for their lives but nowadays ... no matter where we organize those events , something can happen ( unless we put said events in the middle of nowhere , set up a fortress and not allow people with luggages but that 'd be ridiculous ) . 
  people can work and not being able to afford housing ... at all . 
  see , your message is exactly what i was talking about , why do we have to choose between offering everyone and anyone a nice house and not give anyone anything ? 
  we could have decided to give decent ( decent meaning access to water , electricity and a roof , it 's not that great ) accomodation to our natives , force them to either work or give back to the community through ngo or by working for the local government in exchange , be stricter on social housing rules ( plenty of people stay in social houses despite earning way more money than those who actually need it ) and refuse those accomodations to migrants , war refugees can stay in camps whether it 's in france or in safe zones in the middle east and economic migrants are to be sent back home if they are out of work for more than 3 months . 
  look at canada , they did n't close all their borders but they use a points-system so that they can ( in theory , i 'm sure it does n't really work like that ) accept people they actually need and refuse to let others in . 
  main problem in france is that both the right and the left have identified some causes of the problem and offer some good solutions but neither side acknowledges what the other is talking about and rejects everything they say . 
  refugees fleeing war zones ? 
  legitimate refugees ? 
  yes , we need to do our best to help them . 
  what about our native , why did n't we help them if we have the money to provide accomodation to all those people ? 
  also very true , the 10-years waiting list to get a decent accomodation is awful . 
  do people who look like foreigners face discrimination in their daily lives ? 
  yes , absolutely , the left is right . 
  do white people also suffer to a lesser extent ( not in the scope of discrimination but in the percentage of people affected by dicrimination ) from discrimination ? 
  yes , the far-right is right and if you 've lived in a neighborhood with lots of foreigners , you know it 's true . 
  do we have a problem with racism that affects totally innocent people ? 
  yes , it 's terrible and people should be ashamed of it . 
  is the justice too lax towards those who get caught , sometimes on a daily basis ( looking at you , roma ! ), 
  by the police ? 
  yes , the right is ... right i guess . 
  i mean , you can come up with thousands of examples , i agree with the left when they say we need to spend more on teachers , have less children per class and a different way of teaching but i agree with the right when they say we also need discipline and be ruthless towards children who cause trouble or parents who refuse to educate their children ( better nip any trouble in the bud and i 've had a couple of years where 30 + children had to suffer from a couple of awful twats all year long ) the current system does n't make sense , they all have parts of the solution but are unwilling to accept the other parts their opponents have so it 's a never-ending list of half-assed measures that ended up achieving nothing ( eg , regarding migrants : we will neither be tough on those who disturb the peace and will never send them back home but we will also do nothing for those who really really want to integrate so we end up with the worst from both worlds ) . 
  yep , remember some people taking selfies in front of the jewish supermaket after the attacks being really happy about it . 
  saying that integration has failed is an understatement , there are thousands of people out there who consider themselves foreigners first ( even if they only visit their home country a couple of months a year , `` if '' they even went there once ) , then whatever religion they belong to then somewhat french or just happening to live in france at the time . 
  i live near [ la d\u00e9fense ] ( http://www.melia.com/fr/hotels/france/paris/melia-paris-la-defense/img/meliaparisladefense-carrusel1.jpg ) which has many towers , my father even worked in one of the towers so 9/11 was pretty shocking bad then . 
  i guess this made less sense to those living in the countryside or younger kids but people in my class were definitely aware that the world had changed . 
  of course terrible stuff had happened before ( bombings in paris in 1995 , a genocide in rwanda ) but we were too young to really hear about it , 9/11 was on an unprecented scale and did n't make sense , bad guys that look like normal people , victims who looked like our family , why did n't the good guys win ? 
  why does this war look nothing like the books we read when we know who 's who and everybody goes back home at the end of the day . 
  i 'm not sure a mass surveillance system would put us all under surveillance , if they ca n't monitor the 5,000 people who have a s-file then they ca n't monitor the other 60 + millions living here but collecting everyone 's data and then being able to look up everything that has been collected about you if your name comes out during an investigation makes sense . 
  but yeah , it takes time and does n't have a 100 % success rate , all the attacks we are aware of are the ones that have n't been prevented so while they lack funding / personnel and have probably made some mistakes , cancelling those programs would only lead to more attacks . 
  it 's like spies , you only hear about those who get caught but it does n't mean the other 99 % of spies are n't competent . 
   cant decide how it will impact refugees : on the one hand , they can be blamed and some people will definitely blame them , on the other hand , people may express solidarity with them as they are escaping from the same horror in their own country . 
  despite our cultural differences , i 'm sure the vast majority of refugees are just normal people fleeing a war zone and trying to rebuild their lives here ( even going for the best countries like sweden or germany , something i do n't approve , makes sense ) so we ca n't `` blame '' them , they 're victims like us . 
  problem is , if 1 % of these 800,000 refugees support extremism and some of them are willing to carry out attacks , how many is that ? 
  if 1 % of the 3 millions expected next year are also extremists , how do we deal with that ? 
  we ca n't even monitor the 5000 on our territory who are already well-known by our services and i 'm not even sure all of them are willing to die for their causes , how will we monitor another 8000 and next year another 30,000 ? 
  so the obvious solution in some people 's minds is to throw them all away , terrorists and their victims alike and throw everyone who already got in away , extremists and perfectly normal people alike , which does n't make sense but is , i guess , slightly better than welcoming everyone with open arms , refusing to even acknowledge there was a problem pre-charlie and doing nothing to fight radical preachers or people who spread isis propaganda and recruit their fighters . 
  it happened in my capital so it 's hard not to relate this time around but i felt the same when terrorists carried out attacks in london , madrid and in belgium ( and to some extent those attacks in tunisia since i visited the place ) , it 's our people , it 's people who look like us and share similar culture , it 's cities we travel to or are familiar with . 
  deaths in the middle-east or africa ? 
  tragic , obviously , but it 's does n't look like home , it does n't look like a direct threat to our lives , we do n't say `` it happened there , it could happen here '' and it happens often enough that if feels `` normal '' . 
  logic ? 
  no but the brain does n't always makes sense , it 's like the band playing at the bataclan , i 'm sure fans of the band were more worried about them than faceless people and it makes sense , they know those people , they 're not simple names or numbers . 
  not sure if they will never recover but a thousand families could have easily been affected , each dead has two parents ( two families ) andso do the wounded , the people who witnessed these events first-hand and must have been traumatized ( police , emt , civilians ) . 
  i 've been to a few concerts / spectacles there and the amount of people leaving the stadium at around the same time at the end is mind-blowing , there are only a couple of subway stations around it and most people avoid coming with their cars as parking them is a headache so that 's thousands of people packed like sardines slowly walking home . 
  i do n't like mass surveillance but i agree , they could n't prevent that one attack and they will not prevent other attacks but it does n't mean they have n't prevented any or would n't prevent some if further laws were passed . 
  it 's like a good surgeon or an hospital , yes , that surgeon will never be able to save every patient but while there are things he could improve ( ex : better techniques , better products , robotic assistance or a few centuries ago , better hygiene ) , not having a 100 % success rate does n't mean we should fire him, 
  were the us pulled into a war or did they use 9/11 as an opportunity to jump into a war ? 
  it certainly benefited a lot of people in the military industry and lots of money vanished in the reconstruction effort in iraq / afghanistan so i would n't be surprised if the us weakened themselves to help some private companies get that sweet public money . 
   i 'm not being the world 's most sensitive person making this argument to you when your country is in the middle of a coordinated terrorist attack . 
  i hope you and yours are safe . 
  thank you , we are all safe atm , my father was close to one of the shootings but was watching a movie and completely oblivious to the situation , did n't even notice the event and the missed calls until he got in the subway ... 
  otherwise i think you 're right , i throw random ideas out there because it 's a good way to sort my thoughts but at this point nobody is really sure what 's going on , what can be done about it and how long it can continue until everyone descends into madness and goes into a frenzy . 
  not [ the first terrorist attack in france and not the first committed by islamists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_in_france ) but it seems that it 'll be the one with the most casualties so far , also the first suicide bomber apparently and the first time we have an attack on multiple locations . 
  another argument , which maybe makes sense , is that it 's better to support the country and have at least some of its leaders on our side fighting against terrorism or at least not financing it than letting them fend for themselves or be overpowered by more conservatives members of the royal family . 
  still , looking at what saudi arabia is doing , i 'm not sure how much good it 's doing us , maybe it would have been worse if we did support some of the royal factions , who knows . 
  post/napoleonic wars were bloody for sure ( there are some awful quotes about him saying how he could field soldiers faster than his ennemies could kill them ) but i do n't feel like it 's always been the case , some `` wars '' were actually skirmishes between two small armies in fields and did n't involve civilians . 
  still sucks for anyone involved of course but it seemed they had a clear end in sight , a purpose , people willing to negotiate , etc. 
  not really , i 'm not advocating killing random innocent muslims as revenge for terrorists killing random innocent french people . 
  the people i hate are the people who carry out these attacks and those who support them , nothing more , nothing less . 
  and also killed if they try to leave their religion as this is an offense punishable by death , right ? 
  i ca n't help but think that we should have been way , way harsher on that tiny 1 % of people who started causing problems decades ago before it became too widespread ( i 'm talking insecurity problems , migrant integration issues , radicalization of migrants , etc ) when you 're too afraid to ruin someone 's life by being too harsh on him and he goes on and kills 10 + people , you effectively chose to sacrifice 10 + perfectly integrated and innocent people so you could feel better about not sacrificing one pro-terrorism dude . 
  a more accurate analogy though is that you 've read on the internet that some people you have never met have killed people in a country you have never been to so you get out of your home and kill random people who have n't done anything either . 
  so , you know , these soldiers are sure terrible and killed innocents , and killing innocent civilians makes my blood boil so hard i 'll go kill other innocents . 
  it 's a touchy subject and to be honest , i 'm not knowledgeable enough to offer proper solutions . 
  but i agree with the concept , we need to draw a line somewhere and the muslim community needs to say : this is how we read the quran , this is our interpretation , these parts are parts we refuse to follow , anyone who says otherwise is deported . 
  it 's stupid , i 'm sure someone is reading my message and facepalming but how many thousands of innocent people will die just because we do n't want to feel too bad about how we treat the ones who dream only to kill us all . 
  an army for a war they ca n't win ? 
  for a war nobody wanted , even people belonging to their communities ? 
  i know it 's been said to be their plan and for a bloodthirsty lunatic it sounds like a great plan but it 's such a stupid one . 
  it 's like israel and palestine , it 's been going on for what , 70 years ? 
  both sides had/have terrible leaders and did terrible things and killed innocents and honeslty i do n't give a shit who 's responsible for what , they tried war , they tried war many many times and it did n't lead to victory , it only worsens the lives of people in both camps in a war with no end in sight . 
  i miss the old wars , as stupid as they were ( seriously , kings belonging to the same families or having ties with each other fighting over territory they would win they lose a decade later ) , one army would win and then the survivors would head back home . 
  i have no idea how their propaganda works , they do n't even hide , they butcher people in the most horrible ways one can think of , men , women and children alike and rape and steal and ... do pretty much everything a vilain would do . 
  how do you convince someone that what they 're doing is n't good ? 
  i mean , every argument and proof that they are the most despicable people on this planet , they present it themselves , and they 're proud of it !, 
  if someone thinks it 's cool and wants to join them then there is no hope ... they lack common sense , the whole `` oh , i would n't really like to see my friends and family murdered in terrible ways '' part everyone else got . 
  it 's madness . 
  i mean , even 9/11 was a drop in the bucket population-wise , the usa have n't been weakened and france is still going strong after 2000 + years of war , famine and various plagues . . we almost lost 2 millions people in ww1 , 600k in ww2 , you ca n't destroy a country like that . 
  but we ca n't win either because they 're hiding amongst the population , and we ca n't negotiate either so they 'll ruin everything they touch until they get bored of it , making the lives of their muslim brothers more difficult ( talking about the 99 % of people who have n't done shit yet will face increased discrimination because these events always send everyone in a frenzy ) and making us live in fear for god knows how many decades . 
  great , highly constructive . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  aks are the weapons of choice for french thugs and terrorists , seems like you can easily get them since the balkan wars , pretty much every shooting or murder in marseilles involves these weapons . 
  already up to 18 dead and shootings are still ongoing :(, 
  no , he means `` s-files '' , as in they are well-known by intelligence services who studied them and put their files in the `` s '' folder . 
  the `` s '' folder is n't terrorist-only , there are a lot of people who are both classified s and have no affilition to terrorist movements ( left-wings nutjobs , dangerous criminals , etc ) but on the other hand , all the terrorists who successfully carried out attacks on our soil had a s file . 
  so , our first thought is that , as usual , they were weeeeell-known by secret services both for being criminal , radicalized members of islam and supporting terrorism yet nothing was done to prevend said attacks . 
  could be different this time around but it would n't be a surprise . 
  honestly ? 
  one shooting could be the mob , it happens every couple of weeks in marseilles and sometimes around paris . 
  and you 're right , it was also somewhat common in corsico or in the pays basque a few years ago when their independantist movements too arms and went coo-coo . 
  but 3 + shootings and two explosions at the same time , a coordinated attack against civilians ? 
  who else can it be ? 
  disappointed vw owners ? 
  sour german fans ? 
  french royalists ? 
  drunk people ? 
  c'mon , the thought of muslim extremists being behind those attacks must have crossed your mind . 
  [ lib\u00e9ration ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/direct/ ) is saying ( it 's a french source ) that two snacks have been hit by explosions outside the stadium , not sure if it refers to these little shops that sell junk food to peopl around the stadium or actual fast-food restaurants . 
   i too would have preferred a trial by jury , but at what cost ?
