everything is so shady in the east ... sure , in the west we are influenced by the usa , but it 's not like most our media in world issues is super influenced by the usa version of events ... but at least we know they could never use cyber-attacks to spy on us ... well , but who can imagine having prominent euro politicians with shady connections to american entities ? ... 
  so fitting , the representation of `` european spirit '' is the eu flag ... with 5 times its size in germany right next to it ( and 3 times france ) , just in case you thought we were all equal . 
  i know which flag was the best in / place , it was portugal caralho !, 
  sounds like a successful strategy for life , good luck and keep following everything that is bad for you , as long as it does n't kill you right away . 
  like climate change , it 's not that bad right ? 
  couple more floods and droughts , but we 've always had those , no biggie ... 
  i 've never been much of a fan of the `` leftism `` meme since i actually consider myself a leftist ( it 's a flawed description , but overall ... ) , but it 's true , some people just do n't want to open their eyes and really see whats happening . 
  at least here in portugal we have a saying that fits like a glove for this : o maior cego \u00e9 aquele que n\u00e3o quer ver -  `` the blindest men is the one who does not want to see '', 
  so the basis of your argument is now `` yes it 's bad for the hosts , but not that bad '' ? 
  and you are still to show me an advantage , despite all these losses which you are trying to downplay by saying they do n't affect the areas not riddled with migrants ... brilliant . 
  and it 's clearly temporary , it 's not like any of these attacks are being done by people born and raised in european countries but culturally muslim , right ? 
  it 's not that you do n't know these migrants are bad , but you just ca n't pinpoint the exact moment when they become worse , so you just assume it 's never that bad , because it slowly worsens . 
  it 's just an allegory , but you are the frog slowly being boiled alive while arguing `` well , there has n't been any drastic change , everything must be the same '' . 
  no drastic change , but look ahead where the trend takes you . 
   if you can implement your alternatives without affecting anybody 's social or economic freedoms or hindering businesses and the economy , i do n't think anybody would have a problem with them . 
  do n't you see this is happening already with the current politics ? 
  the most obvious loss is in safety and in the tourism industry which is being destroyed in some cities , but it goes beyond that . 
  these politics are changing europe , and you are afraid of the alternative because it might change things ? 
  what i 'm suggesting is we make the changes which will lead to a europe where we want to live . 
  maybe you want to live in a neighbourhood exactly like a middle-eastern one but in the middle of europe , or maybe you think all these migrant routes are a good thing ( financing smugglers and all ) , i understand that despite disagreeing , but if you do n't desire that change , and you do n't think that sort of community helps , you are not forced to bow down and accept this ... 
  well , if there is no gain , but there are losses , and you can control the phenomenon , it seems self-explanatory that you should pursue what 's best for yourself . 
  i 'm not blaming the migrants for doing what 's in their best interest , but do n't the host populations have the same rights ? 
  so many europeans approach this crisis as if they had no choice at all over their futures , as if even considering alternatives is impossible . 
  the question he is asking is , what makes it worthwhile to simply lower your head and acknowledge these `` unfortunate chain of events '' ? 
  where is the gain in moving towards a more `` multi-cultural '' society and having the possible formation of foreign gangs , neighbourhoods not integrated with rest of society , etc. 
  iberia forte !, 
  am i the only one who cringes by seeing this measure called `` fertility '' ? 
  there are people who are actually infertile , and it 's a very different thing from what 's being measured here , which is number of children conceived . 
  makes it look biological , when at least in the last of the list ( portugal ) the reason it 's so low is mostly economical . 
  yeah , you are getting downvoted to hell , but you are not alone ... all this fuss about fairy tales thousands of years old while we are taking samples of other planets and talking to people in real time across the world , it 's crazy . 
  cuteness overload , but i kept thinking : `` all natural water sources dry '' before the end of the first week of august ? 
  brutal, 
  the left image is so useless , it 's only there to indicate the colors associated with each country on the right-side image , a simple table country -  color would be enough ( uma legenda , como \u00e9 que se diz essa merda em ingl\u00eas ? ), 
  but why tho, 
  whats wrong with pdfs, 
  i dont get 50 c in lisbon and i do n't work outside , but i love most of the weeks with 35 + , feels relaxing and perfect for beach/drinks, 
  almost everyone i know who admires him is for those reasons : he kept peace and order above everything when the world was in chaos , and was still able to create some basis for the future . 
  the college i go to today was built in the beginning of his leadership, 
  the title is factually incorrect , he did not begin the regime he later led . 
  you in the rest of europe can call him a scumbag all you want , looking at what happened across europe i 'm very happy and proud to have had him leading my country during those years , as i am of the revolution that ended the dictatorship . 
  i get that , but as a mid 20s living in lisbon , ive found every group of people smoking weed . 
  i 'm not saying the majority smokes regularly , but ime people from all socioeconomic backgrounds smoke weed casually , like you drink beer and wine with mates and smoke a joint at a concert . 
  what ? 
  in lisbon very regular students and workers , from engineering to hotel service , smoke weed casually , it 's not a drug addict thing, 
  poland is considered central europe ??!? 
  so ee is just the baltics + russia ? 
  for me that axis scandinavia to italy just splits europe so well , that 's is central , to the east eastern , to the west western . 
  that 's why they 've always used horses and camels in those countries . 
  because , just like / u/nextgentactics said , heavy use ruins peoples lives and the addicts themselves realize it . 
  we are not a rich country , if we had more money to expand operations and give more support we could do even more . 
  when you sit , does you ass sweat leave a mark on the backside of those longys ? 
  other than that , seems pretty cool and simple , how can i make and roll a sheet like that ? 
  what 's missing ? 
  do we need to have a significant ( majority ? 
  part of the population regularly exposed to memes for them to become of cultural importance ? 
  the_donald / pol memes , in a way , are revealing of some of the issues that lead to one if not the most surprising presidential election in us history ... 
  even whatsapp/facebook memes must be a breath of fresh air and insight into the lives and priorities of the younger generation for someone who 's not in those social circles . 
  most people do n't validate them as expression forms , but they could help them understand different points of views . 
  as a portuguese , do i have the same benefits as these economic migrants ? 
  do i have a home , and pocket money , and free healthcare for some months before i find a job ? 
  please link me such programs , i 'd appreciate it, 
  it just started clouding up , some thunders and rain , this is weird shit but it 's becoming more and more common here . 
  it never lasts long though , we sure love our ocean , 
  7 degrees in portugal hurts more than -10 in norway, 
  if the trend continues we will have several tropical storms every year in a decade, 
  not at all, 
  so , now i have no special reason to have my mobile phone with a service provider operating in portugal , right ? 
  there needs to be a european list of providers by cost vs free minutes vs mobile data, 
  it 's not stupid , it 's relative to the origin of immigrants, 
  it does not need to become mainstream for it to be growing , and the effectiveness of said programs is questionable ( have you noticed the article we are commenting on ? ) . 
  besides , it 's only partially related to immigration , if people come from countries where it 's not practised why would they start doing it ? 
  your defensiveness is pathetic , please be reasonable if you want to have a productive discussion . 
  you start prevention of fgm by not creating the environment for it to spread to your own country . 
  then you deal with it where it came from . 
  make sense ? 
  have you ever traveled outside a western country and wandered beyond your hotel resort ? 
  i 'd bet not , people make communities, 
  i ca n't find info about nazi ideology on portugal ( in other countries around germany it is illegal to spread it though ) , but would not be surprised , at least denying the holocaust is also a crime here . 
  and even in brasil there are bans on the use of the swastika symbol . 
  ca n't i be arrested for having and sharing nazi propaganda ? 
  how is that not incitement to hatred ? 
  do you at least understand the german point of view in not sharing that ? 
  and that it 's not really against turkey but due to their interests in the region ? 
  if you really liked cats , knew i killed them , went to my house and saw one in my backyard , would you tell me everything about it ? 
  because erdogan shares all the info he has on germany ? 
  get a grip , no one shares intel with another country if it doesnt benefit them . 
  believe it or not , not all the effort against poverty in the world since 1820 came from deregulated action by economic groups !, 
  i agree with increase in cooperation and integration globally , but today it can be done at any level , even here in europe i believe the best integration is one where i can buy products directly from your neighbourhood and you from mine , not when we both buy from the same copy-cat shop which has chosen which one of us ( or wherever in the world ) they can get it for the cheapest price . 
  i could too spit out the scenarios where big companies have destroyed entire villages in africa and asia until they have no where to turn but the agricultural and food products the same big corp control . 
  btw , that graph shows poverty over time , not over big corporation presence in area , so it 's meaningless , loads of things correlate with time . 
  funny you mentioned global warming , so you think this trend of centralising in few companies the production of basic things for human life in the entire world is a sound strategy for the environmental and humanitarian crisis incoming ? 
  i 'd agree ... if i had big shares in one of those companies . 
  before neoliberalism people who work for 3 $ a day would work for 0 $ but be totally free to grow their own food and trade locally like they have done for centuries . 
  but it 's much better they instead spend that time working at a foreign factory or extraction mine so after their shift they can buy the things they once grew themselves , but which are now grown in specialized , industrial scale farms . 
  it 's overall much efficient . 
  all that positive spin you identify is , directly or indirectly , the work of the muslim brotherhood which has even infiltrated european news outlets . 
  they are despicable , but they work well . 
  to ease the population , after manchester it 's not desirable ( for political , social and economic reasons ) to spread the fear that people in europe/uk are still in danger of follow up attacks . 
  the necessary measures must still be taken and justified , but this is about narrative control and for the population it 's very different to know that there is a `` threat '' whatever it might be ( could be a guy who went to syria a couple of years ago but has n't done anything ) , or that we are actually still having attacks . 
  one is the possibility , the other is the reality .
