  but if he gets a loan for the 100 % value of his assets he will get the same rate than a `` deadbeat boyfriend '' for 100 % of his assets . 
  for christ sake , no !!, 
  i work in securities , i know how the financial market works . 
  - a businessman has assets and can actually triple his wealth in a decade . 
  that 's why they quite often get leverage and are able to be in debt for almost the totallity of their asset if they want to . 
  and banks will have no hesitation in throwing their money at them . 
  - a deadbeat unemployed person has no asset and no garantee that he will be able to pay back even a small % of his current wealth if they both get in debt at the same % of their income , you can be sure they will not pay the same interest rate !!!, 
  japan debt is 220 % of its gdp . 
  according to your logic , they should pay interest rate far superior as every other countries in the world , and should be bankcrupt by now , totally dead and buried . 
  let me check : - jeapan 's 30 year yield : 1.40 % that 's right , one of the lowest in the world . 
  because japan has assets . 
   we are talking about debt/gdp ratio , so debt proportional to income . 
  ** even ** proportional to income . 
  a wealthy businessman with asset can easily borrow huge amounts , because banks are sure they 're going to see their money back . 
  you have really no idea how the debt market work . 
  your deadbeat boyfriend has no prospect . 
  france has a lot of valuable assets . 
  are you saying investors on the capital market are dumb for lending money to france , and you have all the information to prove they 're doing a mistake ? 
  why do n't you disclose or use this information and make billions ? 
  oh right , because you know nothing . 
   poland has never had double digit growth . . 
  i said `` china 's '' and then used `` growth '' in singular . 
  learn to read . 
   that is a bullshit argument . 
  they let me , do i did it , therefore it 's their fault for letting me . 
  where the fuck did i say that ? 
  where the fuck did i mention who was to blame ? 
   debt is debt . 
  bill gate 's debt and your unemployed deadbeat boyfriend 's debt is n't valued the same on the financial market . 
  free til for you today . 
   false cool , now try with poland and china 's double digit growth . 
  you know , because `` growth is growth '', 
   citation needed . 
  said the guy who did not link to anything . 
  if you do n't understand the euro crisis , do n't except others to dig the information for you and do some actual research . 
  tdlr : with the euro , greece was able to borrow at germany 's interest rate , so they went overboard . 
   greece 's debt started skyrocketing in 1981 and crashed several times . 
  it 's normal for countries in development . 
  france is not a country in development , therefore the comparison does not stand . 
   comment on a graph of france showing the biggest growth among a bunch of countries . 
  cool story , bro . 
  yes , because all those said countries did not grow at actual huge rate . 
  want to adds poland or even the usa to the graph and see what happens ? 
  yeap , they will dwarf every one of those countries . 
   because they live in a fantasy world ? 
  * i 'm not saying they 're right * . 
  i 'm saying what they want , and what they expressed is exactly the opposite of what / u/cute _ gorilla claimed , saying they 're willing do have any job , including working poor jobs as long as they could work . 
  it 's not the french mentality at all . 
  your opinion on their way of thinking is irrelevant and should not be adressed to me . 
   but its constant increase year after year . 
  but ... 
  it has constantly increased year after year in every countries ? 
  the british & german debt also increased slowly over the year , year after year . 
  you 're not pointing at anything peculiar . 
  indeed , debt did not appear all of sudden out of the blue . 
  big news !, 
   i wish i was as sure as you seem to be about the fn never winning the presidential election . 
  be a little realistic or just look at the numbers . 
  they have been stuck under 30 % forever . 
  whoever goes to the second round against le pen will be elected with high scores like chirac with his 82 % . 
  moreover a president alone can not rule without the chambers . 
  how many deputies did they manage to have elected ? 
  2 ... how are you suppose to vote bills with 2 mps . 
  but it 's consistent with your fear mongering comments . 
  yes the growth is actually good this year . 
  better than the uk & germany . 
   the debt is now approaching 100 % which is not a problem if you can pay it back . 
  investors still lend money to france at no interest rate because they 're certain france is able to pay back . 
  and once again , france debt is at the same level as germany & the uk . 
   maybe the trigger for this will be when the fn gains power , hahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahah, 
  wrong . 
  it did not took three decades for greece to collapse . 
  greece 's fate was sealed when the implemented the euro . 
  so , far from thirty years . 
   the fact that it has been two decades alone , does n't mean it 's not a `` bubble '' or that it can not collapse france 's economy is not a bubble . 
  there has never been a very strong economic growth , which is the main `` feature '' of an economic bubble . 
  there is no real estate speculation like in spain , there where no big recession in 2008 like in anglo saxon countries . 
  on no criteria can you make the assumption that there is a bubble in france . 
  it 's something i 've never read anywhere even in the economist . 
  it 's a very silly thing to say . 
  if anything , it 's the opposite of a bubble that 's happening in france . 
  a slow morbid unexciting growth . 
  people ( and when i say people i mean , the economist magazine ) have been talking about `` borrowed time '' for over two decades now . 
  france was one of the less impacted countries of all of europe during the 2008 crisis , the country recovered faster and the growth is good this year . 
  pensions are sustainable with little adjustments as long as we keep the natality as high as we quite exceptionally currently do . 
  the french system preferes unemployment over masses of working poors , and deficits & debt over austerity . 
  france debt is reasonable and less high than the uk 's debt for instance . 
  sure , unemployment is a big issue , but it wo n't bring down france , come on . 
  except when you listen to unemployed people , they tell you they do n't want shitty `` working poor '' jobs . 
  they want good jobs , jobs they 're qualified to do etc. . . 
  otherwise , why did they protested when sarkozy implemented a new law that allowed unemployment benefits to be cut as soon as the unemployed person refuses a certain number of job offers ? 
  the bailouts were the consequences of the crisis , not the causes . 
  if nothing had been done , the world would be better off now ? 
  sure ... what a sweet naive little world you 've created in your mind . 
  must be nice to live in there . 
   also , it is not the point how much they contribute , i yes it is . 
  because it means they get less eu money on other sectors , so stop whining about it if you have no point to make . 
  all countries protect their agricultures . 
  did n't the 2008 crisis taught you that `` free market '' is n't necessarily the solution to all problems ? 
  that they do n't regulate themselves ?
