   `` small fridge sized '' still not as small as i wish it to be actually . 
  i went to darty , they only had fans with the proper size , the air conditioning units were way too bigs and expensive . 
  i do n't want to cool an entire office , just a one tiny studio apartment . 
  they have nothing inside the 100e-300e price range like in the link i put . 
  i said ** small ** unit , those are n't small . 
  i went to darty , those are the size of a fridge and 3 times more expensive than the product i 'm talking about . 
  you meant 2003 * but i do n't see anything outdated in this image . 
  this is how a middle age woman looks like if you ever wondered ... 
  i tried to buy a small air conditioning unit , [ something like this ] ( http://www.homedepot.com/p/honeywell-150-cfm-3-speed-portable-evaporative-cooler-for-100-sq-ft-cso71ae/204104301 ) , the product simply does not exist in france . 
  it 's either fans or huge air conditioner the size of a couch . 
  so right now two fans are blowing hot air at me like i just opened an oven . 
  this dude is looking like he 's heading to his own wedding ceremony , you do n't want to be the asshole who prevented him from going there in time . 
  that 's why he keeps writing in both languages , he said he expressed his mind better in french , and people can correct his english . 
  but the debate is really not about him . 
  and anyways making fun of people for their `` second language '' skills is stupid as well , especially coming from r/france , . 
  maybe it 's not for the french people but for the many others who are learning french ? 
   just think you do n't need to bother yourself with writing everything multiple times . 
  and why the way he decides to spend his time any of your concern ? 
  you called in out for doing something you think is weird ? 
  you had nothing else planned that day or you just happen to have very low self-esteem ? 
   it disrupts the flow of reading yeah sure . 
  i have no problem reading all the multilingual comments in this tread . 
  maybe you should get that checked by a doctor or something , it 's very weird . 
   sure , though given that it 's only one guy doing it ... it 's really only people learning french . 
  nobody prevents you from doing it too . 
   and preferably language/culture related topics and out of sticky threads on a terror attack ... 
  i did n't learn english by sticking up to only language/culture related topics . 
  that 's not how you learn languages sorry . 
  i never you still have n't answered why it 's offensive to you but you already hinted at your dislike of the french ... so i guess i get it . 
  and that bothers you because ? 
  you 've decided you would stop at english and not learn other languages . 
  fine . 
  i 'd really like the spaniards and italians to follow the trend so i can learn their languages . 
  reddit helped me a lot with my english writing skills . 
  why take offense in something that has no impact on you ? 
  seriously . 
  what if i fucking want to learn other languages ? 
  why are you so offended by something that does not impact your comprehension of the comment ? 
  grow up . 
  let 's stay on the subject of your comment and this thread , which was writing in two languages , not about the articles he posted . 
  i did n't follow the events on the megathread , but once i got there , comments were bashing him for his use of two languages only , making fun of him , saying this is an `` american website '' , that french people are `` arrogant '' and people should only speak english , `` this is n't canada '' ... etc. . . and now every one of his comment get downvoted including in other threads , for instance : [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b7h16/has_anyone_else_noticed_a_sudden_rise_in_islamic/csjljl8?context=3 ) ( this is one without any insult , because others got very very nasty with personal attacks and upvoted insults toward all french people ) . 
   but like you said 3 languages is unnecessary - we are n't in switzerland after all - and i also do n't think the way / u/dclauzel does it is the way to go . 
  dclauzel got attacked for speaking two languages , not three . 
  and it looks like you could actually use his comments to improve your french =p ( sorry i had to do it again ) . 
  i massively improved my english skills on reddit . 
  so yes , this is the way to go if you want to improve . 
  you should support it instead of making fun of him or caricaturing him . 
   after all , this is a primarily english forum , and english is the lingua franca worldwide and in europe . 
  are you allergic to foreign languages ? 
  why is it bothering you so much that dclauzel writes both in french and in english since you can obviously understand english ( and even maybe both ) ? 
  it 's a forum , it 's open , it 's free . 
  people should stop dictating how others should express themselves , as long as it 's understandable to the majority . 
  and people should really stop taking offense for things that have no impact on them whatsoever . 
  '' * reddit is an american website * '' mentality is really against the core concept of the internet . 
  it 's very sad . 
  because ultimately , it only makes * you * look arrogant . 
  i was trying to make a joke , sorry if feelings are hurt !, 
  it seems like you just wanted to make a multilingual comment that would look very bad . 
  i think that caricaturing the issue like you did was n't really helpful . 
  we 're having a debate surrounding `` english + native language '' comments . 
  english-speaking people or others , learning another language should try it but no need to go as far as three languages especially in this case . 
  two languages is fine , three starts to be a bit too much when you do n't really master any of the foreign languages ... =p, 
   i do n't need to see french forced on me on reddit too . 
  i do n't mind reading it when they talk amongst themselves , but every damn post ? 
  and so ? 
  i really hate that new chicken attitude of taking offense for things that have nothing to do with you . 
  why is something that other type in their comment bothering you so much since they also type in english for your comprehension ? 
  ca n't you let people do what they god damn want ? 
  ca n't you see the benefit for people who want to learn languages or are just `` language curious '' ? 
  the shitstorm that fell on u/dclauzel mocking him and french people with very nasty comments etc. . frankly made me upset and disgusted by this sub . 
  very not welcoming at all . 
  during the eurovision a post got upvoted for simply saying how ridicule it was that the singer for france sang ... . in french ... 
  seriously ? 
  some of the highlights included a scottish guy denouncing the french language oppression ( overstatement of the year ) . 
  also :  it 's an european subsection of an american forum it 's a forum , it 's open . 
  my car is german , i speak whatever language i want in it with whomever i want in it as long as they understand it . 
  it 's the core concept of the internet !, 
  facebook is american too , that does n't prevent people from using it in their own language . 
  * are you really allergic to languages other than english ? 
  * i 'm learning other languages and would really like the italians and spaniards to double their comments so i can learn while staying on reddit . 
  my own english skills were lacking before i joined this site . 
  i improved my writing skills thanks to reddit . 
  i do n't have exposure to english elsewhere in my daily life . 
  so trust me , that 's a very good way to learn languages . 
  unless you 're an arrogant stuck-up native english speaker , you have no reason to oppose those initiatives . 
   also the french + english for every post ? 
  it 's an international english forum , not canadian parliament . 
  you can even taste the arrogance . 
  this was really an excuse to release some bitter french bashing . 
  made me really sad . 
  the jokes against islamic terrorists , offended `` normal '' muslims yet they were not the butt if the joke . 
  a hard core dumb greek extremist would get offended by the image of someone asking to murder a greek . 
  it 's not about analysing the jokes , dumb people do n't do that . 
  several '' moderate muslim '' charities tried to sue charlie for libel against a joke denouncing terrorism . 
  do n't over analyse things because they do n't . 
  did wikileaks reveal that russia had put bugs under the desk of the white house ? 
  did they reveal obama 's phone calls were being recorded by china ? 
  i do n't think i miss that piece of news . 
  you ca n't compare with something that did not happen yed . 
  the closest you 'd get is when the covers of russian agent were blown a couple of years ago it made a big fuss .
