   is that he is american ( and thus should not be mod ) as if being from outside europe would automatically mean that one can not hold an interest in a region . 
  holding an interest is n't enough to me . 
  i have an interest in america . 
  i know a lot about american culture ( read most of the classics ) , know all the declared presidential candidates etc. . . 
  but i 've never put a foot in america , never experienced it firsthand yet and do n't intend to live there . 
  the books i have read does n't evock my childhood and the laws the next president will vote wo n't have any impact on me . 
  i only kow the vitrine image of america but i have never experienced it . 
  it 's clearly not enough . 
  therefore i 'm pretty sure / r/america would not be welcoming of my application as a mod and they would have legitimate reasons to oppose it . 
  i also have an interest in science & space stuff but i have a degree in economics therefore i do n't think i 'd be suitable to moderate r/nasa . 
   this is just fucking silly to berate someone being on the mod team just because they are american . 
  it 's not fucking silly . 
  we can have american mods , on the condition that they know europe firsthand , because they 're living here or have lived there a significant amount of time ( not just for a unversity exchange ) . 
  would you accept an art major as a mod of a demanding sterm sub ? 
  would you accept to vote for a politician who does n't know your country ? 
  it 's not a case of obama 's birth certhificate or witch hunt , it 's about having mods who know and understand the thing they 're monitoring . 
  i think you have to know a little about europe , either be a european or an american who is living in europe or who has lived there . 
  otherwise , you 're moderating a sub you know nothing about . 
  like a political science major moderating a sterm subreddit ... no way in hell . 
  in this particular case , the mod had no interest in / r/europe . 
  he was only interested in power . 
  look at all the sub he 's moderating . 
  i counted 140 , with big time consuming ones : - / r/bestof - / r/food - / r/getmotivated - / r/history - / r/gentlemanboners - / r/scifi - / r/engineering - / r/biology - / r/politicaldiscussion - / r/progressive - / r/liberal - / r/socialscience - / r/askhistory - ... etc etc etc ( about 120 more subs !!, 
  that 's a shit tons on interests !!, 
  i do n't understand how he got the job at r/europe in the first place . 
  dude is way too buzy and do n't know much about europe . 
   is this what this is about it is . 
  just read op 's comment , save yourself some time and learn the topic of the debate before commenting . 
  i ca n't believe you just asked that ...  you described migration as the antonym of immigration nope , never said that , and emigrant is n't the antonym of immigrant either . 
  you 're really mixing up the definitions i see ... 
  moreover i do n't understand why you kept refering at emigrants , a word op did n't use . 
  i corrected op 's comment who was being offended that someone would use the word migrants over immigrants . 
  then you arrived out of the blue not knowing what the conversation was about obviously . 
  be pedantic elsewhere , preferably on a comment thread you have read before . 
   and taking your irrational reactions out on others with downvotes . 
  i 'm actually not downvoting you , maybe it 's my downvote-godmother-fairy . 
  frankly , the thing you care about . . that 's pathetic . 
  use the word immigrant if you want to use it so badly i do n't care . 
  it 's simply is n't the most appropriate in this case since they have n't reached the country they want to settle in and are still in migration/transit . 
  the only thing we know is that they left their original country . 
  that 's why immigrant makes the least sense of all the options , i do n't understand why you want to defend it , but i do n't fucking care anyways . 
  i do n't need bold characters i can read just well . 
  ofxord dictionnaries :  migrant : a person who moves from one place to another in order to find work or better living conditions . 
   immigrant : a person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country . 
  since they did not make it to the uk and are not settled permanently in france , `` immigrant '' does n't seem to be the right word . 
  migrants and emigrants are interchangeable . 
   while immigration means for an individual or a family to move to a new country from their country of origin with due formalities at the embassy , the word migration denotes the act of moving from one place to another - within a country or across borders , for people or birds , and usually refers not to a single individual or family but a a larger demographic . 
  * in other words , you `` migrate from '' a place and `` immigrate to '' another . 
  * they are * migrating * from their country of origin , or from calais , and are trying to * immigrate * to the uk . 
  since they 're not yet in the uk , * migrants * seems to be a better word . 
  `` immigrant '' referes to people who are settled in a country that is not their native country , they do n't intend to settle in france . 
  it 's not about being politically correct or sugar coating facts . 
  i live in paris and it 's the only place i can see myself living in france . 
  i need big art , big culture , big history , big events , big concerts , big shopping ... any other city in france seems less exiting to me . 
  i do n't understand why you would n't recommend people to visit notre dame , the saint chapel , the louvre , the mus\u00e9e d'orsay , le marais , le canal saint martin etc. . etc. . . 
  there are few cities in the world that have the thousand years old history of paris , its monuments and its arts . 
  well , it 's a silly article whose numbers i 've seen quoted in so many articles over the past few years . 
  first , yes french people might buy less soap . 
  we use shower gels or creams . 
  people who use soap every day must have very greasy skins . 
  i never use soap to wash myself or i dry out and my skin crackles . 
  i personally shower once or twice a day depending on the season as i was told when i was little and i do n't come from the upper class . 
  france is pretty well known for it 's shower products ( l'oreal , savon de marseilles ) , i send them to my dutch friends and it 's very likely that you have already used a french brand . 
  every couple of months you have an article like this that quotes a study ; quoted a billion times before by other magazines and blogs and you realize at the end that the source is not reliable . 
  in this case it was commissioned by the british gutter press , no surprise . 
  so , here 's my answer to the british :  `` four out of five women do n't shower every day ( ... ) only 21 per cent of females take the time to shower or have a bath every day , with 33 per cent admitting to leaving it as long as three days from wash to wash . '' and that 's in britain . 
  [ source : the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/11427875/four-out-of-five-women-dont-shower-every-day.html ), 
  wet ? 
  same in french . 
  me it 's because his full name is actually joseph * robinette * biden , jr. 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted for pointing out that laurent fabius is not a `` eurosceptique '' . 
  he definitely is n't and he cricticized david cameron 's stance using the word `` dangerous '' as well . 
  fran\u00e7ois hollande & laurent fabius ' opinions on the british referendum are the same , no sensitive disagreement at all . 
  i do n't think / u/sarmatae attacked your culture , no need to go full patriot . 
  some people like mild , `` lukewarm '' politicians , while other people are greek or italians . 
  protestant * not christian . 
  catholics are christians too . 
   baby steps man . 
  you 'd think after the disgusting things the catholic church did in ireland they would have the decency to shut up on this issue . 
  that 's the virus of the moment . 
  apparently `` plague '' is less trendy and clickbait . 
  or the british redditors to reddit . 
  and now we 're making fun of people for singing in their own language ... well , i 'm glad we 're not merging culturally . 
  yes , and they just follow you around every time you visit to make believe . 
  source of the actual data :  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/oct/29/todays-key-fact-you-are-probably-wrong-about-almost-everything as far as my country is concerned , there are some errors and gross simplifications . 
  in france it says that when we ask french people to guess the number of christians remaining in france , the average guess is of 49 % while it fact it is 63 % . 
  it 's false . 
  63 % of french people are actually atheists or do n't identify with any religion . 
  only 37 % of french people are religious . 
  moreover , the number of immigrants is overrated because people do n't make the difference between actual immigrants and the second and third generation of immigrants . 
  i 'm the son of a north-african immigrant but i 'm of french culture and perfectly integrated . 
  it 's not the case for everyone . 
  it 's not because you 're born in the said country that you become automatically integrated and avoid cultural clash . 
  nah , it 's 1789 , period . 
  one of the longest most established monarchic regime in europe got shaken and then overthrown which started an almost never ending series of republics , constitutional monarchies , empires etc. . . france became the incubator for new political ideas . 
  it shaped french culture and the national sentiment . 
  but it also showed that the people can be a dominant actor in modern history . 
   forget about owning a car ( ... ) people begging ( ... ) tiny appartments everywhere . 
  this describes every european capitals . 
  i disagree , there 's a fantastic park on the hill with little tourists there .
