well for instance i think assange 's `` rape '' case could only be persecuted in sweden . 
  the women agreed to have sex but said assange deliberately torn the condom before using it . 
  if the claims are true , it is definitely something that should be held as illegal , but counting it as rape or sexual assault is a different thing ... 
   how about we tell them to face the russian cutting power themselves or go f. . . themselves ? 
  we 'll need energy independance and quickly if things continue that way . 
  saving polar bear and radioactivity baseless fears are good and nice at peace but we ca n't exactly risk the entire infrastructure and a blackout/brownout causing thousands of deaths just for their green bullshit . 
  and the sad thing is nuclear is much `` greener '' than russian gaz . 
  i considered myself very ecolo friendly but i think the nuclear criticism is very unfair . 
  ecologist spokeperson need to set their priorities better . 
  also , eletric cars do n't run on gaz . 
  nuclear-powered nation can more easily adopt electric cars if they 're willing to do so . . 
   m\u00fcller frequently travels late at night , although she tries to sleep at the apartments of relatives or friends . 
  often , she is accommodated by her boyfriend , her mother or grandmother . 
  more accurate title : '' * the woman who is n't really living on a train because she crashes at her relatives ' place every nights . 
  when others get off the train to finally go home , leonie m\u00fcller also has to leave the train as she is not allowed to stay behind in the train . 
  that 's why she has to go to her relatives ' home to shower , eat and sleep there . 
  the train is n't her apartment but we twist her story so that she can pretend she 's actually deeply questioning standard ways of life while actually totally relying on themn that 's cuz she writes her thesis about it . 
   the sophisticated plots get broken up all the time and are n't really feasible anymore i think the intelligence services should let one big sophisticated plot slide , just one , let it happen , just so we know we do n't massively overspend times and ressources into counter-terrorism and that they do a good job the rest of the time . 
  because it 's quite pernicious ar the end , since we 're massively paying people and investing in state of the arts technology into ensuring that * absolutely nothing happens * . 
  also because it really looks like there 's a major overspend into fighting terrorism . 
  the other day i was visiting the pere lachaise cemetery and they closed secondary entries because of the `` vigipirate '' plan ( national security alert system ) and had militaries at the main door . 
  well it seems to me that targeting cemeteries , ie people who are already dead , would appear rather counter-productive to a terrorist . 
  ^ ( joking ), 
  terrorists used to put a lot of thought , effort and passion into nice sophisticated bombs and now they can barely hold a kalachnikov . 
  where 's the craftmanship ? 
  the added value ? 
  that 's just plain lazy . 
  everything gets lost . 
  it 's just a shame really . 
  how much planning , years in advance did the 9/11 attacks took ? 
  and now we have wallmarty last minute terrorism that just reeks of improvisation you know what , it just shows a lack of commitment . 
  makes you wonder , do they really love allah ? 
  i 'm not saying they do n't but just asking the question ... 
  it 's not that the problem , it 's the `` we '' as if you took part in anything and are untitled for a share of the pride ( and as if they were much pride to take in colonization ) , also , the totally dry tone you switched to showing that you take it all very seriously . 
  your comments went from `` ignorant but funny '' to total british arrogance . 
  lol is the only answer that comment deserved . 
  bye ' sir most influencial redditor in history ( arguably ) . 
  lol, 
  no it 's easy . 
  what 's worthy of praise is maintaining it for as long as they did . 
  well , to my defense and because you 're a filthy brit : it 's much more easier to make an empire out of empty lands and third world countries than actual countries which can defend themselves . 
  sorry , did n't see the flags in my box . 
  taking credit for romans ? 
  the stuff that happened before the italian culture and nation were created ? 
  is n't it going a little bit too far back in time ? 
  should you take credit for your ancestors killing mammoths as well since we 're at it ? 
  or mastering fire ? 
  italy as a nation spent most of its history not even being able to make a country out of itself !, 
  ( sorry joking as well ), 
  he could ` nt be the leader of france , yet he became the leader of france . 
  he was of small corsican noblety , yet he bet the odds . 
  when he won in italy he did n't stay there and made made himself emperor of italy . 
  he had a french education and french aspirations . 
  who cares what language his nanny spoke and his 6 year old self . 
  its worse than saying something like manuel valls is not french . 
  stop fantazing over other nations ' historical icons and conquer your own europe . 
  only french aspirations . 
  he went to paris , and when he went to rome , it was as a french leader of a french army . 
  i understand italians when they speak ... 
  napoleon was corsican by blood . 
  the unified italian nation did not exist then . 
  and the italians can thank france for helping them make a country of themselves . 
  actually they did thank france and it was nice . 
  not sure if it 's in bad state or it 's just picasso . 
  it 's a good place for a jewish freemason qatari banker . 
  [ outrageously relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcykqau5bp4 ), 
  still waiting for your explanation about japan . 
  6 bullet points and nothing about my counter example . 
  weird . 
   you said greece 's fate was sealed with the euro . 
  you provided no source . 
  you were wrong . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8xaxjx9wj8 it 's simplified but at this point , i think you need simple explanations and wording . 
   you said that greece went overboard with borrowing at germany 's interest rate . 
  you provided no source . 
  you were wrong . 
  see above video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8xaxjx9wj8  you are now claiming that somehow gdp is the same as assets . 
  you are again providing no source . 
  and you are wrong . 
  i 'm not going to teach you a 101 economic classes right now . 
  i explained to you how the gdp can be considered assets . 
  you want a proof ? 
  they compute a `` bank assets to gdp '' ratio . 
  you can only make ratio of the same thing ( basic mathematics knowlegde , you do n't divide oranges by apples ) . 
  bank assets to gdp means : what is the weight of financial asset per comparison to the total assets of the economy . 
  and anyways , it was just a comparison to help you understand but it seems like you 're hopeless . 
   you said poland had double digit growth never said that . 
   you said usa gdp growth will dwarf `` every one of those countries '' and i was right , usa 's growth is superior to france . 
  and china 's double digit rates dwarf france growth rate . 
  still waiting for your explanation regarding japan 's gvt bonds having interests rates lower than african countries . 
  yes , gdp measures the total working capital , investments , factories , technology , labor value/human capital etc. . . present in one country that can make profits and are therefore assets . 
  you 're so hopeless , and can actually vote . 
  we 're doomed . 
  you still do n't understand anything at all . 
   a-s-s-e-t-s . 
  if the poor person has 100 $ of assets and 0 $ income , you can not take the interest rate they get for a 1000 $ loan and compare it to a 100k $ loan to a guy who has a net worth of 2m $ and an income of 300k $ . 
  what i 'm trying to make you understand is that a guy with $ 100 of asset and no prospect will not borrow an ammount half of its wealth at the same rate as a rich person with assets also borrowing half of its wealth . 
  ** explains to me why japan , with debt equal to 220 % of its gdp , pays less interests than african countries with debt around 60 % of their gdp then . 
   if all the people that work in `` securities '' are as dense and have reading comprehension as low , i am not surprised about the economic meltdown ... 
  if the persons who do n't understand anything at all about the economy still think they can give lessons , spread misinformations and vote , no wonder we have the politicians we have right now .
