  the schengen area only made travels easier for europeans . 
  illegals were illegals before and still illegals today . 
   l'observatoire des transferts d'armemen organization which purpose is to denounce firearms and their traffic . 
  you call it `` lobbies gunsmiths '' ? 
  really ? 
  but whatever , my point was not to prove that everyone owns a gun in france , but simply that it 's possible that those two idiots easily found one without being terrorists or mafiosos . 
  obviously , there 's at least one firearm in france since this accident happen , so that 's enouhg to prove my point . 
  stop being butthurt . 
  it 's not because it 's not a tradition in france that those two retards could not have came up with this idea on their own . 
  they used a hunting rifle , many french people own them ( 32 % ) . 
   `` the suspect took the hunting rifle to fire in the air to ` add to the atmosphere ' , '' that worked very well . 
  hope they will be able to bring their unique sense of party planning to a jail very soon . 
  you 'd think such kinds of `` accident '' would detere him from using guns but no , not him . 
  he sured loved his guns and shooting big living things . 
  it 's an ironical statement based on how people react when a terrorist attack or aggression is perpetrated by a muslim . 
  a lot of people say that '' * the muslim community 's duty is to condemn and disengage themselves from the actions that were commited * '' as if they were commited on their behalf , as if they were not also offended by the attacks . 
  in france for instance i remember a female journalist of north african origins ( and of muslim faith ) getting very angry against another journalist who asked her to do exactly that . 
  she took offense because she considers herself a french citizen before a muslim woman and `` of course '' she was disengaged from those extremist movement , she should n't have to `` d\u00e9solidariser '' herself from it , and she felt offended by this suspicion . 
   unless you are playing a game of sid meier 's the word civilization has a pretty broad definition . 
  or unless you use the proper definition of civilization . 
   so if you really want to you can put them can group all egyptians in the same civilization . 
  that would be the stupidest thing to do . 
  being born in the same geographical place ( at thousands years of interval ) does n't mean anything at all . 
   currently we might group peoples into civilizations by religion , ethnicity , or by geographic location no . 
  geographic location is not the definition of civilization . 
  people can move . 
  their culture and civilization stay with them and are not left on the ground . 
   are egyptians the same civilization today as they were three thousand years ago ? 
  it 's that simple . 
  will the tenant who rent my appartment after me become me ? 
  french people are descendant of romans as well . 
  france only exited after clovis . 
  italy took even longer to emerge . 
  this is middle school geography & history knowledge . 
  you just look at a map and assume that people in the paleolithic were italians , germans , belgian etc. . based on their geographical position ? 
  come on . 
  because the party ump has been tainted by major corruption scandals ( it even caused the party to go `` bankrupt '' ) . 
  it 's a different name so anything bad uncovered about the ump belongs to the past !, 
  les republicains are totally different !, 
  ump was already kind of an attempt to whitewhash the rpr back in the days . 
  also , nicolas sarkozy has a huge boner for america even though he ca n't speak english to save his life . 
  sure , and inhabitants of egypt are exactly like ancient egyptians , not arab monotheist muslims . 
  same word so same civilization right ? 
   / u/quirite says he 's a roman roman as living in the city of rome , italy , in 2015 . 
  not roman as `` citizen of the roman empire '' . 
   franko-gallo-roman indeed , but the franks arrived later so i did n't see the point of mentionning them . 
  i was not giving an extensive list of france 's ancestry , just saying that french people are as much descendants of romans than italians . 
  and that the gauls were not french people at all . 
  drink daily ? 
  you wan na talk about that ? 
  ( kidding ) you 're right though , the video is from 2010 and i did n't realize how long ago it was . 
  maybe they cleaned the buildings facades recently . 
  it 's the city center after all . 
  but the city center of paris has always been clean , yet is visited by millions of tourists . 
  check the islands on google street view or le marais or le quartier latin . 
  you ca n't conlude that paris is dirtier than bucharest . 
  i do n't believe this . 
  now i did n't bring up the suburbs . 
  other parts of bucharest are n't that [ tidied ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@44.389502,26.077485,3a,75y,234.93h,84.08t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1snzkjauouhlahjqmywdjtjq!2e0?hl=ro ), 
  well , it 's not just the construction , especially around the 5 minutes mark . 
  i picked this video because it 's shot in the city center and you see a lot of the buildings are not well maintained ( graffitis , cables , posters , grey facades . . etc. . ) . 
  other people on this thread have posted google street views of the suburbs which are more appaling but it 's not the touristic parts . 
  i 'm not sure azerty implied it was immigrants . 
  i saw cars of tourists dumping their shit on the sidewalk around the seine in paris ... whereever tourists go , it 's always dirtier after they left . 
  as regars london . 
  no , not from my experience . 
  they 're equally dirty/clean . 
  i was even surprised during my first visit in london that in the rich neighborhoods ( belgravia ) they do n't use bins and tie the garbage bags together on the street for the the garbage men to clean it . 
  sometime the bags were teared or totally open ( cats ? 
  homeless ? ) . 
  weird thing to see next to a raw of porsche 911 ... 
  not just the nature . 
  i 've never been there but brasov and sibiu look like two beautiful romanian cities i could see myself visiting for instance . 
  the problem is that the capital , the most famous city , is n't beautiful and gives a bad reputation to the image of the country . 
  french people are of gallo-roman ancestry . 
  and you 're going back in time a little too far . 
  the gallo-roman wars are `` not italian vs french people '' . 
  both cultures and nation did not existed until a very long time , specially in the case of italy ( and they should thank france for helping with that btw ) . 
  french cities are dirtier than [ bucharest ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m66nyg2oyb0 ) ( look around the 5min marks precisely ) . 
  i challenge you to find similar pictures or videos of the old towns of paris , bordeaux , lyon etc. . . let 's not exaggerate please . 
  if you really want to trash france , at least use an example we ca n't fact-check like the `` personality of french people '' . 
  apparently we 're terrible . 
  which cities did you visit and in which parts did you stay ? 
  [ i disagree with that ] ( http://imgur.com/a/givrf ) . 
  it depends on the stations you had to use . 
  at the moment , chatelet les halles for instance is exactly how you described and it 's the one of the most visited station ( by tourists as well ) . 
  but it 's because they 're doing construction work on it . 
  i avoid this station like the plague . 
  at the end of the day , paris ' metro system might be the densest in the world with 245 stations within the 86.9 km2 ( 34 sq mi ) of the city ( so i do n't really believe you 've stopped at most of them ) . 
  it 's incredibly practical . 
  there 's always a station one corner away from your street , you never have to walk long distances to find one . 
  the trains are also large and less narrow than the london 's tube for instance . 
  it depends on what kind of mods you 're looking for . 
  a bot or someone who will create and support initiatives and projects surrounding european topics . 
  i worry of the intentions of a non european who does n't know anything about europe and yet wants to be a mod of r/europe . 
  why ? 
  seems like he 's only doing it for power and adding a new entry on the list of subs he moderates . 
  or even worse , he could be doing it to enforce an outsider perspective and censor things that do n't fit his agenda ( which is what happened here ) . 
  it shouls be / r/europe 's choice at the end of the day , candidates should reveal their link to europe , explain their motivations and intents as a mod and people should be able to vote accordingly .
