  you seriously want your food price & supply regulated by wall street ? 
  you think it 's a good thing to be dependent on foreign nations for both energy * and * food . 
  how badly do you want to suck putin 's dick exactly ? 
  i think it 's kind of a bad idea sorry . 
  your fandoming over perfect free markets make glad france and germany rule over europe so they can keep such naive vision of the world out of the picture . 
  oh , look an anecdotal argument !, 
  that 's actually proves the exact opposite of your opinion ...  regardless of common or free market policies there are competition laws in europe and the french gvt has to comply with them . 
  if they 're not being sued , what they 're doing is legal . 
  plenty of french firms have been brought my foreign firms without problem . 
   if the points hold true today , how are they outdated ? 
  because they 're not . 
  have you not read the part where i said '' * france is the second net contributor to the eu budget in the past 15 years * ( at least ) '' . 
  is that fact hard to digest for your french-bashing mind ? 
  you can make such accusations against any country in the eu . 
  was n't the monetary policy designed by and for the germans for instance ? 
   or how about when it comes to those argricultural subsidies ... france is the second net contributor to the eu budget in the past 15 years . 
  right behind germany . 
  brits get their money back in the 80 's , the case is close . 
  stop milking this cow in 2015 . 
  you 're such an outdated demagogist . 
   a french lecturing about the evils of nationalism ... can you please explain what you mean by that ? 
  no , just the realization that for every tschaikovsky there are thousand if not millions of disrespectful , stupid & small people . 
  not all of russia like ballets and read tolstoy . 
  you 're describing the elitist culture of russia . 
  not everyone in france is either moli\u00e8re or voltaire either . 
  russia has a prestigious past . 
  it does n't excuse the country for its recent disgusting actions on the international scene , and its justification by its mass media . 
  moreover , i 'm not sure putin 's russia is the fertil ground to the next gorky or baryshnikov , so it feels hypocrite to still be milking them in 2015 . 
  you 're naming people who certainly rolled over in their graves decades ago . 
  you know , both good and bad things can be part of a culture . 
  i do n't believe there is a reason to use different words for the same legal contract except arrogant bigotery . 
  well , she divorced and married twice . 
   people are using term `` gay marriage '' as it is , clearly discriminating it apart form just `` marriage '' no , people do n't want a `` gay marriage '' , they want marriage for gays . 
  equal rights , no specific treatment . 
  they simply ask to change the pronoms written in the law . 
  yeap , the population was on his side before he tried to join austria to come back with an army . 
  got caught at the border by a guard who recognised his face from a coin . 
  the positives : - `` kendji '' is the number one best selling singer in france at the moment . 
  he 's roma . 
  [ he use roma music that he mixes up with pop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ug6e6bvku0 ) , not my cup of tea , but very successful . 
  - my sister had roma friends , from a specific group ( i do n't know the name of their ethnicity ) . 
  they were nice people . 
  never met them but they have jobs and even houses . 
  they were perfectly integrated , but still active in their gypsy community . 
  they participate in the pilgrimage of `` saintes maries de la mer '' , which draws a lot of tourists and cultural events . 
  it 's quite popular in the south of france . 
  the negatives : - now , the only roma people i 've ever met were scamers in paris , children-pickpockets in the subway during the day instead of being in schools , roma teen girls with fake petitions who tried to steal my wallet more than once . 
  roma teen girls smocking in the metro , yelling and assaulting passengers ... 
  i think it 's aboutdesouffle who is totally out of line and should apologise . 
  well , to begin with , there is n't as many people living in the balkans . 
  and yes , it was definitely a genocidal massacre . 
  not all genocides get to use proper extermination camps to kill millions . 
  what happened in srebrenica is very similar to many events of ww2 . 
  they took people from shelters and mass-murdered them . 
  it 's not a competition . 
  do n't disminish the horror of one genocide because it was n't as bad as another . 
   and as far as i know they did . 
  they still deny it was a genocide . 
   come on , now . 
  wow ... 
  the complaisance of some people , seriously ... 
  i appreciate that it 's being posted . 
  i 'm not going to watch it , but it 's necessary to remind people that proof of the massacre and of its genocidal nature exist . 
  some people and most serbian officials are still defending the massacre as being justified ( hello / u/drgeorgy ! ), 
  you can take calais and all of the nord-pas-de-calais for all i care . 
   as of july 2012 , 6,838 genocide victims have been identified through dna analysis of body parts recovered from mass graves ; as of july 2013 , 6,066 victims have been buried at the memorial centre of poto\u010dari . 
  you can actually see the pic of poto\u010dari in the article , count the graves and realize there 're more than 1800 . 
   men who were fit for military and who would have raped and killed unarmed men and boys . 
  women were deported , sometimes tortured and raped . 
  all innocent people . 
  you ca n't massacre in mass people who have not commited crimes , how can you defend such a disgusting idea ? 
  of course it 's genocidal . 
  you 're such in denial . 
  ** thank you for proving the point of the article . 
  keep in mind that we 're only seeing the few hundreds or thousands who want to go to the uk but we do n't get to see the other thousands who stay in continental europe . 
  i posted this [ article ( would calais migrants really be better off in the uk ? 
  ) ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33268521 ) earlier , but it got very downvoted as soon as i posted it ( weird ) . 
  you can get similar benefits in france and the uk . 
  however migrants are not well informed . 
  moreover , they want to go to a country where they speak the language , already have relatives there and an established diaspora from their country to help them find a job . 
  communities of afghans & syrians are bigger in the uk . 
  [ contrary to what most people think , greeks work the longest hours in europe ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/niallmccarthy/files/2015/03/20150313_greece_fo.jpg ) . 
  ahem what the badly chosen article ( seriously guys , dailymail ? 
  again ? ), 
  doesnt say it 's that it 's a ferry crew strike !, 
  they 're slowing down the traffic at the entrance of the tunnel to avoid competition alternative during their protests , and get most of their demands answered . 
  it 's exactly that . 
  job quality is measured by the qualification required for its workforce and the tools and infrastructure required to do the job . 
  that 's the main two things that define a job quality actually . 
  if the job requires no skills and uses outdated capital , then it 's low quality . 
  not exactly because it says `` area : 4,324,782 km2 '' and france is not that big . 
  ^ yet . 
  indeed , falling unemployment that only creates cheap & unproductive jobs :  data show that in 2013 , output per worker in france was 13 per cent higher than in the uk . 
  but because britons work longer hours than the french , on a comparison of gdp per hour , the difference jumps to a whopping 27 per cent . 
  ( ... ) output per hour worked in france was roughly on a par with germany and just below the us . 
  in the league of the world 's seven most advanced nations , britain is behind every one except japan . 
  over the past two decades , french workers have , on average , been 20 per cent more productive than their uk colleagues . 
  but the gap in output per hour worked has grown wider since the crisis . 
  while labour productivity in the uk in 2013 was exactly where it was in 2008 , in france it rose by about 3 per cent . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/c413ca76-ce3c-11e4-86fc-00144feab7de.html#axzz3ex6fxkga ),
