  in front of the sacr\u00e9 coeur there are scammers but fuck them , do n't answer them and just profit from the amazing and unique view on paris . 
  the interiors of the church are uninteresting but the village of montmartre nearby is worth visiting , specially at night . 
  i also really love [ gabriel faur\u00e9 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpgytl8yqbw ) and the magical [ camille saint-saens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6rbf_j5y7a ) . 
  it applies to any other european country . 
  well , that is just for q1 of 2015 . 
  it 's not bad news at all , it 's twice germany 's and the uk 's growth ( both 0,3 ) . 
  but 2013 started the same way and ended up being disappointing at the end of the year . 
  thank you england for making * us * look good . 
  see , i 'm playing on the second meaning of * looking good * . 
  france makes more babies . 
  the uk gets more immigrants . 
  `` wikipedia '' . 
  every thing you said after the questions is not true . 
  you need to divide this figure by two . 
  the succession of dictatorships seeking militarization and stealing money from the people are responsible for today 's debt . 
  i fail to see where people are getting the information that it 's the same debt . 
  that debt was paid a good while ago . 
  france since then lends money to every countrizq in the world , haiti included . 
  it 's a different debt . 
  the way the article is badly written makes it confusing . 
  this is new debt . 
  the debt was refunded more than a century ago ( 1883 ) and the last agios were paid in the beginning of the xx century . 
  as every struggling poor countries , haiti has a huge debt . 
  the sucession of us sponsored dictatorships in the xx century , the recurrent natural disasters , and the booming populations count among the many causes for this debt . 
  it 's not the debt of the independence . 
  this was paid a long time ago . 
  this is new debt . 
  not necessarily bought no . 
  i have a fb fanpage that recently lost many fans due to fake profils beind deleted . 
  fake profiles `` like '' a big number of page to not appear suspicious and leaving links and marks everywhere behind them . 
  it 's funny because the holocaust deniers are so antisemitic that they would actually like the idea of the holocaust really happening . 
  translations : - christian dior/christian dehors ( christian outside ) - yves saint laurent / yves sans logement ( yves without housing ) - jean paul gautier / jean paul gal\u00e8re ( jean paul struggles ) tagline : `` let 's have the elegance to help those who have nothing '' personally , i feel mixed about the use of antagonisms that simple ( expensive high fashion vs good helpful behaviors ... ) . 
  it 's kinda aimed at making us feel guilty . 
  u/kooienb and you , u/escaday , were actually supposed to be funny ? 
  and i thought germans were the unfunny ones !, 
   what the foreign minister actually said still is a bit ridiculous though . 
  france is n't the only one with foreign missions and if we decide to exclude foreign missions from the public deficit we should do it for all the countries in the eu . 
  that does not contradict what he said , to the contrary ... 
  you are exaggerating . 
  the last similar riots happened in 2005 ( and was big ! ) . 
  i ca n't remember any other riot of similar scale and violence in recent years . 
   i believe northern europeans work more efficiently . 
  not what the graph is showing though . 
  you sound like you do n't fact check and rely on stereotypes to form opinions of others . 
   it is unbelievably arrogant to say such a thing except nobody said that except op in his title . 
  maybe u/fraelop can defend his opinion himself , that only regard him and is not `` france '' position . 
  or maybe he could explain why he is so bad at translating french ... that 's a textbook example of sensationalized editing . 
  edit : and u/escaday never loosing an opportunity for french bashing right ? 
  i thought it was not in the spirit of this sub . 
  indeed , so how can you know ? 
  you said you studied in both countries ? 
  you 're not answering my question . 
  so how can you know ? 
  you did middle school and high school twice ? 
   to say nothing of france 's total absence from global politics since the arrival of hollande . 
  excuse me ? 
  france dealt with two conflicts in africa and is fighting isis in the middle east . 
  if anything , it 's the only thing he did right and gained status and popularity from . 
  i ca n't think of any same-sized country with this much presence and willingness to act on global politics . 
  had to come back ,  although france and germany have similarly high productivity per hour worked , the french start work later and stop earlier . 
  this is an overused lie . 
  [ french people work more hours . 
  ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2013/02/25/french-workers/ ), 
  [ nothing new under the sun . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pjjax1w.jpg ) the economist does n't like the french model , france does n't like the model defended by the economist . 
  the magazine is starting to look like a crazy stalker with that many articles about the '' * so imminent fall of france we 've been predicting for 15 years * '' . 
  i have no idea but have you also tried this other sub : http://www.reddit.com/r/iwantout i hope the best for your mom !, 
  that some very weak arguments . 
   we 're admittedly kind of unwelcoming ( rude ? ), 
  compared to others . 
  i 'd say colder and more formal than americans but not more than brits , and far less than some scandinavian people who do n't even dare to get close to other people they do n't know ... 
  but i do n't think it 's being rude or impolite , to the contrary . 
  * `` instant best friends '' * mentality looks fake to me . 
  women too right ? 
  because the only non-anglo-saxon style of capitalism is france . 
  what about germany ? 
  what about scandinavia ? 
  etc. . because the uk and france are totally comparable even though the uk is not part of the eurozone and has its monetary policy at hands . 
  it 's not because the french system is flawed and currently sick that it does n't have good things . 
  it 's only very recently that the uk has done better . 
  what about the prior decades ? 
  you 're quoting data that do n't necessarily have a link to the issue here , and that are * short-term * indicators as opposed to structural ones . 
  you failed to mention that the uk was hit extremely badly by the 2008 crisis and the growth rate you see is only the uk catching up its pre-crisis level . 
  a level france and germany had already recovered years before because they were not hit as hard as the fragile uk . 
  * want to know which one of those two countries ( france , uk ) has the highest poverty rate and the highest income inequalities ? 
   germany does n't control the eu ( it would only take a coalition of say uk and france to topple their influence ) and the uk/france power couple would agree on what exactly ? 
  i do n't know how many time i 'll have to explain it . 
  being refused a job you 're the most qualified to do because of your sexuality is being insulting . 
  refusing to accept someone qualified to do the job because of his sexuality is being insulting to him . 
  wheter you justify it by faith or not does n't change anything . 
  the catholic faith is insulting if you prefere . 
  the insult only goes one way . 
  ** the only person being insulted here is this man . 
  ** pointing at somebody 's blatant homophobia is not being insulting . 
  period . 
  the fact that you consider the nomination of someone gay as `` an insult '' simply because of his sexuality is disgusting . 
  it 's the vatican who is insulting this man . 
  not the other way around . 
  my comment is not vitriolic , your the one dropping `` insults '' around . 
  insult them ?
