  i meant if wikileaks found out , and exposed it , the us gvt would get pretty mad and go on a pr rampage against the french gvt . 
  i can already imagine the republicans going crazy on french cowards on fox news . 
  however plenty of spy covers have been blown over and their discovery made public in the past . 
  let 's be real , france does n't have bugs in the white house and in the pentagone like the us put bugs in european administration buildings and france does n't spy obama 's cellphone like the americans did with francois h. and nicolas s. . 
  if it turned out the french intelligence agency did manage to do just that i would not even be mad , i 'd applaud them . 
  it 's out of their league . 
  he just meant to say that greeks can take a joke unlike some others ... 
  of all the currently released files this one takes the cake :  '' * us intercepts of france complaining about us intercepts of france * '' . 
  the dudes at the nsa must have felt extremely productive that day . 
  if tomorrow we learns that france has been spying bush & obama cellphones the us gvt would get pretty mad and let it know . 
  i 'm sure they 're not anyways , they do n't have the nsa over the top budget . 
  you ca n't blame david for fighting back goliath . 
  goliath got caught . 
  the thing is to not get caught . 
  people downvoting you , taking you seriously and others saying this cover is not funny really needs to relax . 
  the world `` statire '' apparently flies above the heads of many around here . 
  it was a corporate taxes , paid by big firms who wish to pay employees more than 1 million/year . 
  the idea was to sanction top executives who reward themselves with more money than their skills and accomplishments should entitle them to . 
  it was always meant as a temporary measure for duration of the crisis . 
  it brought $ 420million , only 470 firms paid it . 
  how it became a `` crazy confiscatory socialist tax '' in anglo saxon medias ( hi cameron ! ), 
  and on reddit is quite a mistery to me . 
  you make it sounds like the number is very high but not much higher than france & germany . 
  because the oil and gas supply stopped during the revolution . 
  the operation restestablished it . 
  moreover the uk , france and italy only sent air strikes . 
  no forces on the ground . 
   france decided overnight to attack libya and as the airplanes already took off italy had to decide whether to join along ... yeah sure , totally rewrite the chronology of events that are only 4 years old , nobody will call you out for that . 
  read the wiki article at least . 
   have a chance to defend its interest in libya or watch from afar and let france and england split the loot among themselves not what happened . 
  france and the uk did n't take libya 's oil . 
  it was only air strikes . 
  no presence on the ground , read the article . 
  italy 's oil and gas supply was cut * before * the operation , during the civil war/revolution . 
  italy bombed hopping to re-establish the supply . 
   italy warned against eliminating gaddafi because chaos would 've ensued soon after but no one listened and fast forward ... guess who was right ? 
  link your sources . 
  moreover , the libyan situation is not worse than before the operation at all . 
  yeah sure , they warned and then immediatly bombed the country . 
  they 're really committed to their opinions !, 
  france warned about iraq and did france bombed iraq ? 
  no they stayed out of it . 
  stop trying to find excuses . 
  i already answered that twice . 
  libya is n't experiencing the heavy combats that are happening in syria . 
  moreover it was n't my main point . 
  the top comment is blaming france while italy is just as guilty . 
  italy actively participated in the conflict with military forces . 
  they could have been more `` german '' and let it go without participating or even clearly vote against it . 
   it 's no mistery that we were pretty cosy with gaddafi so was sarkozy . 
  did n't prevent him from stabbing gaddafi in the back . 
  it was actually in sarkozy 's interest to have him out of the picture , considering all the things he knew about european/french politics . 
  indeed , 3 years later , there are still conflicts . 
  it 's terrible but not as terrible as syria . 
  you 're talking about a conflict with 2,500 casualties . 
  the syrian civil war caused around 300,000 deaths . 
  having gaddafi and his military forces ( air , missils etc. . . ) destroyed could not have worsened the situation , it prevented the remaining lunatics from playing with bigger weapons . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do you honestly think the situation would have been peaceful today and not actually worse without the intervention ? 
  and if yes , why is it more france 's fault than italy ? 
  what ? 
  who denied that france participated in the libyan war exactly ? 
  the top comment is blaming france and strangely avoiding to mention that italy shares the blame as well . 
  also , i 'm sorry to repeat myself but you ca n't guarantee that the operation worsened the migration situation , you 're not a psychic of hypothetical future . 
  it ended a * civil war * . 
  the situation in syria is undeniably worse and yet nobody intervened there . 
  i 'm not sure a continuing libyan civil war would have made the situation better . 
  still horrible indeed , but you ca n't argue it 's worse than actual civil war . 
  also , blaming france for an operation italy actively supported with military forces seems extremely hypocrite . 
  from the wiki article :  ( ... ) the italian government committed four tornado ecrs of the italian air force in sead operations , supported by two tornado ids variants in an air-to-air refueling role and four f-16 adf fighters as escort . 
  after the transfer of authority to nato and the decision to participate in strike air-ground operations , the italian government increased the italian contribution by adding four italian navy av-8b plus ( from giuseppe garibaldi ) , four italian air force eurofighters , four tornado idss under nato command . 
  other assets under national command participated in air patrolling and air refueling missions . 
  as of 24 march , the italian navy was engaged in operation unified protector with the light aircraft carrier giuseppe garibaldi , the maestrale-class frigate libeccio and the auxiliary ship etna . 
  additionally , the orizzonte-class destroyer andrea doria and maestrale-class frigate euro were patrolling off the sicilian coast in an air-defence role . 
  at a later stage , italy increased its contribution to the nato led mission by doubling the number of av-8b harriers and deploying an undisclosed number of amx fighter-bombers and kc-130j and kc-767a tanker planes . 
  the italian air force also deployed its mq-9a reaper uavs for real time video reconnaissance . 
  well , they were in no position to stop them because they were following them duh !, 
  they did n't have to vote in favor of the operation and send their own military forces . 
  do n't try to sell the story as if italy did n't want to help the revolution , and only did it half-hearted against its will . 
  italy is a grown up country able to makes its own decision . 
  indeed , but the situation in today 's libya is very different than the civil war syria is going through with heavy combat zones . 
  i believe europe should have helped the libyan government , if not by human generosity , at least for its own security . 
  they did not want to settle there probably to not write another precautionary tale of europe & american imperialism . 
  last time i checked , italy also actively participated in the libyan operation . 
  moreover , libya is only part of the problem . 
  if the un operation had not happened , the country would have ended up with the same situation that is syria today . 
  isis would have joined the party . 
  not sure it would have solved the refugee situation very well ... and moreover , gaddafi was not immortal . 
  this was bound to happen one day or another . 
  the europeans who suddenly are nostalgic of gaddafi probably were not living under his distatorship . 
  you were fine with a bloody dictatoship as long as it helped solve the migration problem using means of extreme violence ? 
  is n't it egoist ? 
  there were no ideal solutions , you ca n't garantee it would have been better if the un did not intervene . 
  `` if ifs and ands were pots and pans there 'd be no work for tinkers ' hands . '', 
  edit : spelling, 
  they already made it to europe illegally . 
  i do n't know what europe you remember but before schengen , it was n't all 5 meters tall walls guarded with tanks between each european countries . 
  the schengen area did n't create illegals . 
  look how many south american illegals there are in the usa , and how difficult it is to cross the mexican border !, 
  blaming the schengen area here is stupid .
