  sure enough , within 10 seconds he had his lights on . 
  we were a group of four returning to pa from a wedding that had taken place the day before and were just eager to get moving . 
  but this guy was * sure * something more was going on . 
  the part that freaked me out was when he asked me to step out of the car . 
  i mean , most cops shit their pants if you open the door , but no , this guy wanted me out . 
  he patted me down and asked me to take a seat in the back of his cruiser while he ran my docs !, 
  i could n't believe it . 
  he wanted to make sure that his work was half done once he found the dirt he was looking for . 
  he ran several queries on his computer and came up with nothing . 
  failing that , he asked me to follow his pen with my eyes while i was still sitting in the back of his cruiser . 
  i was a little freaked out , and actually quite angry , but i maintained a `` whatever , have at it '' attitude , lest any sign of nervousness prompt him to refer me to the dhs or god knows what . 
  he let me go with a warning , but there was no disguising his disappointment at his failed intuition . 
  hemorrhoid and diarrhea, 
  i 'll grant you pre-suck risk factors on that one , and believe me , i see your point , and i generally agree that they made much better albums in the past . 
  but i think rag doll is genuinely good , for example , and they can still -- ok , well , 10 or so years ago they could still -- put on a great live show . 
  took my answer . 
  great hobby , and you do n't have to break the bank to get started . 
  i find the notion of fapping oneself awake bewildering . 
  i work from home , so i wake up by letting the guilt set in , without the fapping . 
  we would n't call it slavery , but we 'd exploit the shit out of that situation . 
  that 's for sure . 
  needs more upvotes . 
  in my state , you ca n't get anything less than a case of beer anywhere but a bar or restaurant , and liquor is only sold in state stores . 
  i get really pissed when i visit a neighboring state and get reminded that its people can get a beer in a grocery store or a cvs or whatever . 
  guess i 'd have to sit there and write copious amounts of ridiculous science fiction . 
  driving with parking lights on , return to driver 's ed . 
  left lane hoggers , though . 
  they get neutered . 
  first time i flew in a helicopter . 
  it was over the grand canyon . 
  it was such a smooth ride , with a really talented pilot . 
  absolutely breathtaking . 
  writing . 
  burritos , man !, 
  tortillas , refried beans , good cheese or bad cheese , depending on your preference . 
  magic !, 
  i do n't know . 
  it costs me so much in gas to get to the petrol station , i do n't even bother . 
  i was doing my student teaching semester and was having a conversation with my cooperating teacher about the universities in the area . 
  we have one private college surrounded by several state schools ( one of which i attended ) , and i floated the question of why anyone would send his or her kid to this one private school when there are plenty of good , less expensive schools nearby . 
  before he answered i said `` probably just so people can say ' i sent my kid to [ that school ] . ' '', 
  well , he sent his kid to that school . 
  whatever number five superbowls ago was . 
  `` do you know why i pulled you over just now ? '', 
  `` no , sir . 
  no idea . '', 
  it was me . 
  i kicked a kid out of class and he slammed the door behind him . 
  i went out and called him back in , and then slammed the door about an inch from his ass . 
  then i went in and kicked him out again . 
  perhaps the douchey ones were communists . 
  opera does , if it 's supported on the other end . 
  sheriff came with papers . 
  especially with the unrestricted visibility . 
  ca n't say i was particularly scared , but there was some uneasiness for sure . 
  `` we 'll make you an offer you ca n't refuse . '', 
  look at human history , including the present , and ask yourself whether benevolence or exploitation would be the more likely outcome in this hypothetical situation . 
  i 'm not saying that it would necessarily involve wanton cruelty or violence , although it might . 
  and beyond the narrative of history , just look at our dominant economic systems today . 
  in the u.s. especially , we have corporations making profits in the billions that barely pay their workers a living wage . 
  i 'm sure we 'd figure out something similar for mars . 
  but then again , maybe i 'm being u.s.-centric . 
  perhaps the swedes would go up there and build spas . 
  this -- at least last i knew -- is a matter of debate . 
  there are two camps with opinions on this matter : one that places them with modern humans ( i.e. , homo sapiens neanderthalensis or something like that ) , and another that classifies them simply as homo neanderthalensis ( or something like that . 
  time for reddit , but not for google ) . 
  ha , i 'll bet . 
  not sure if i 'd trust myself , though !, 
  and it was about time , after all those books !, 
  there are two immediate things that come to mind : 1 ) national interests that are not introduced into the public , moral arguments for intervention , and 2 ) fear of a `` domino effect '' whereby , in theory , one nation or region is allowed to succumb to this or that terrible outcome , and that outcome spreads to a greater region , causing a much bigger problem that actually becomes a threat to the western countries ' national security . 
  although you do n't hear it talked about much in open debate , there are geographical considerations and natural resources that are of vital interest to western countries , in the remote countries that they `` police . '', 
  think , for example , oil and trade routes . 
  the `` domino effect '' theory was largely disproven after vietnam , but it still comes into play when western nations make their case for intervention . 
  `` um , dude , how could you * possibly * let yourself reach 230 lbs . ? '', 
  * misquoting jesus * by bart ehrman , because it lends a lot of insight into the new testament and contains much information of which the layman is unaware . 
  * the rise and fall of the third reich * , because everyone should know how all that nazi madness was possible . 
  love hdt , but had a hard time getting through walden . 
  possibly because you need to learn some of its lessons before gaining the patience to read it . 
  angelina jolie . 
  she just does nothing for me . 
  hey , rhyme . 
  domestication of crops . 
  so we 'd all still be nomads and go around and pick fruit and stuff , instead of worrying about being unemployed or getting blown up by something . 
  instead of winston smith loving big brother , i 'd have him do an `` a-ttic-a !, 
  a-ttic-a ! '', 
  scene ( you know , or the equivalent ) , and then finish things off with an m-60 like rambo in first blood part ii . 
  i mean , not really , but it would just feel better than reading about his defeat . 
  in the u.s. ? 
  the fact that we 're behind just about every other western nation in measures of health and happiness , and that our public discourse is full of empty talk about principles and ideals , when money , and the people who have it , are what really run the country . 
  oh , yeah : and we 've become a police state . 
  what can we do to stop it ? 
  mass public movements , which are highly unlikely . 
  it would require people to set aside superficial differences and accept that some people will benefit in ways that others do n't like . 
  want to roll back the police state ? 
  then some people wo n't be punished in a way that satisfies the public bloodlust . 
  want to restrict the influence of money ? 
  well then , when * you * get money , your influence will be restricted too . 
  and so on . 
  to me it 's a price worth paying for a higher quality of life . 
  i do n't see it changing anything .
