  if anything it was a program of forced inequality , as it called for the expulsion and later extermination of `` inferior '' classes of people and sought to enslave the slavic population to make life easier for ethnically pure germans . 
  i know wikipedia is n't an authority , but the idea is well expressed there , so here it is :, 
   the use of the name `` national socialism '' arose out of earlier attempts by german right-wing figures to create a nationalist redefinition of `` socialism '' , as a reactionary alternative to both internationalist marxist socialism and free market capitalism . 
  this involved the idea of * uniting rich and poor germans for a common national project without eliminating class differences * ( a concept known as `` volksgemeinschaft '' , or `` people 's community '' ) , and promoted the subordination of individuals and groups to the needs of the nation , state and leader . 
  * national socialism rejected the marxist concept of class struggle , opposed ideas of equality * and international solidarity , and sought to defend private property . 
  ( emphasis mine ), 
  the biggest numbers for atrocities committed under the communist banner come from stalin 's reign , and so it 's fair to single him out . 
  that is why the term `` stalinism '' exits . 
  i agree wholeheartedly with the idea that `` forced equality , '' at least of the type attempted by the communist movements of the last century , has resulted in atrocities , has only functioned under totalitarian regimes , is bad for a nation 's people on the whole , and after all that , does n't even work . 
  but that 's a far cry from being the `` single greatest horror that man has inflicted on man in the history of the world . '', 
  for me , three things :, 
  1 ) high school political science class where we had to read the constitution of the u.s.s.r. , which guaranteed freedom of speech , association , and so on . 
  from that i learned that what 's on paper is n't any good unless you collectively insist that the protections are enforced . 
  2 ) living in germany , where i realized that the way of life in the u.s. is n't necessarily the `` best in the world . '', 
  and, 
  3 ) undergraduate and graduate courses in political philosophy , comparative politics , and international relations , which cured me of my fact-poor right-wing assumptions and gave me the tools i needed to analyze things in a dispassionate way , which led me to abandon libertarianism through my own self-criticism . 
  i apologize if i overstepped . 
  i made a joke response to a joke , and did n't realize at the time that i was doing something against subreddit rules . 
  the jury is back , and it thanks you for changing `` history of the world '' to `` 20th century . '', 
   ok listen : i can see how you may think that my comment was rather hostile . 
  then we 're done here . 
  i love america the beautiful !, 
  thank you !, 
  42 , not offended . 
  this is going to be a tough one , because language evolves . 
  i ca n't help you with the articles directly , but i can suggest an angle . 
  you may consider offering criticism of reference works such a the oed , which modified the definition of `` literally '' to include a figurative connotation . 
  you could say we 're all going to hell for that or something . 
  generally , look for `` prescriptive '' commentary . 
  i hope this helps a little , at least . 
  somehow i was under the impression that this had come about in a recent edition . 
  perhaps it was n't oed , or perhaps i 'm just wrong . 
  i do n't disagree with your contention that the idea is horrible -- at least if what we 're talking about is communism . 
  i disagree with lumping communist atrocities together with what has been done in social democracies under the catch-all banner of `` forced equality . '', 
  one could argue reasonably that there is some overlap in the thinking , but i do n't think it 's reasonable to do so without acknowledging the important differences between the two approaches . 
  extremism is bad for any society , but that does n't mean that elements of any given extremist program ca n't be used for the greater good . 
  alcohol is a poison that can kill you , but in certain measures and forms it can have beneficial effects . 
  it was n't your well-grounded disdain for communism that caused me to respond . 
  it was your identification of the forced equality element , coupled with the statement that it represents the greatest horror man has inflicted on man in the history of the world . 
  i really do n't know if i can identify a `` single manifestation of an idea '' that represents an identifiable `` greatest horror . '', 
  i mean , i could , but it would n't do much to help us today . 
  i could say that the concept of permanent settlement as opposed to hunting and gathering has enabled industrial scale killing , but that would ignore the amazing benefits civilization has brought . 
  i can say , though , that the reasons for the greatest horrors in history can not be blamed on any single ideology , but rather the unrelenting drive for dominance of people and territory that every government has engaged in . 
  communism just heaped a whole lot of bad on top of something that was already bad . 
  hulu has a limited , web-only free account , and then there 's hulu plus . 
  i do n't know , but i could sure use a coke . 
  quickdraw 's awesome . 
  that first season was too short . 
  and of thousands of sperm cells competing to fertilize the egg , yours succeeded . 
  you 're a winner !, 
  louis ck says he 's always within a 48-hour window of having diarrhea , so you 're probably right . 
  i think your third point has the most merit of the three , but it does n't mean the parties are `` working together . '', 
  it means they 're both corrupt in the same way . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/2013/dec/26/opinion/la-ed-congress-worst-ever-20131226 ) some information about how well they 're working together . 
  well , you have made a good point there . 
  i 'm just going to guess that claims about congress getting nothing done have been controlled for `` administrative '' type legislation , but i 'll look into it further . 
  i want to see if i 'm understanding you correctly . 
  i 'll rephrase what i think is your point , and you can tell me if i got it or not . 
  you 're saying that if zimmerman 's behavior was motivated by racism , in whole or in part , that it does n't serve as an example of hispanic-on-black racism because the underlying sentiment originates from a white-supremacist worldview , or structure and/or because zimmerman , as a hispanic , did not act from a position of privilege . 
  i 'm sure i 'm missing a nuance , but that 's how i read your comment . 
  whether or not i got it right , i think that much of what is taken as a given among people who frequently read about and discuss topics like this seems counterintuitive to people who are interested , but not thoroughly immersed in the literature and vocabulary . 
  it takes time and effort to absorb information that is n't particularly self-evident , * especially * if you 're coming from a position of privilege , and so i think it 's really counterproductive for op to have been treated like he 's an idiot for having made a valid observation , even if that observation was ignorant of a concept that is taken for granted in the `` community . '', 
  it 's like someone who is trained in quantum physics telling someone who says `` something ca n't come from nothing '' to fuck off and read a physics textbook , instead of taking a little time to explain why things are n't always as they seem . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , it actually makes more sense to me when it 's put this way , because i can relate to it in a different context , namely politics . 
  what i 'm still trying to learn is whether it 's primarily a human thing , a male thing , an american thing , or something else . 
  i 've done my share of eye rolling and have reacted with impatience more than once . 
  i 've just found that , as painful as it can be sometimes , it 's better in the long run to grit your teeth and make small gains where you can . 
  ( for example , i recently got into a thing on a facebook post my tea party sister made , which blamed obama for the price of gas . 
  i pointed out what was wrong with it and ended up in a back-and-forth with some of her friends . 
  they made a number of unrelated and indefensible claims , and it could have been all-out war if i had chosen to engage . 
  instead i stuck to the gas issue and made peace , and i think that led them to accept that one point , whereas it would have otherwise likely resulted in their dismissing me * and * my arguments altogether . ), 
  it just seems that in order to make progress we sometimes have to exercise patience beyond our comfort level . 
  my all-time favorite onion article . 
  same here . 
  we 're happy with hulu . 
  i think people are comparing apples to oranges . 
  hulu has * lots * of new content available the day after it airs . 
  the commercials are short . 
  i mean , i can see what people are saying if it does n't matter to them if they wait a year to watch a show , but if you want current stuff , hulu 's awesome . 
  it 's the only way we watch the daily show and colbert . 
  can confirm . 
  lived in germany for 3-1/2 years and am married to a german . 
  my father-in-law , who is a conservative ( what germany calls conservative , not the crazy that we have in the u.s. ) , always laments the fact that there 's really no acceptable outlet for expressing pride in being german . 
  then he comes here and somewhat mockingly points out all the flags he sees . 
  eh , pretty overstated here . 
  your point about church taxes is the only one that carries much weight as far as i know . 
  it 's controversial there , especially since reunification . 
  bavaria is * very * catholic indeed , and there 's a social stigma for not being part of the church in some places , so you have a point there , too . 
  the right-wing thing , though , is completely overstated . 
  it 's not popular anywhere in germany . 
  look at the numbers in your own source . 
  the reason they get any representation at all is because germany has a multiparty system that represents minority opinion far better than we do in the u.s. 
  as for healthcare , i ca n't comment on what the rich get , but i can say that the national system is far from second rate . 
  we had our daughter there , and my wife spent five days in the hospital , not because anything was wrong , but so she could be observed to make sure nothing went wrong . 
  cost : zero . 
  we lived in a little village and still could get prescriptions filled 24 hours a day because of the law . 
  i never heard one complaint about the healthcare in the years i lived there . 
  anecdotal , yes , but that 's our experience with the system . 
  finally , the spying : germany can rightfully be criticized for collaborating with the nsa .
