  i also share your aversion to engaging with one . 
  and i agree with you !, 
  how 's that ? 
  the thing is , i 'm trying to do * my * part to engage with people in good-faith discussions . 
  one of the most frustrating experiences in internet discussions is people not giving ground where it ought to be given . 
  if i want to put my head through a wall after a two-day-long exchange with someone who ca n't bring himself to concede that the free market sometimes fails or does n't address important societal concerns , then i should n't expect a productive exchange if i wo n't acknowledge the truths that i wish were n't true . 
  so yeah , tricky dick there is being a little disingenuous with what he 's presented , but he 's not wrong . 
  so why fight him on the points he made , or do what everyone else seems to do every time , which deflect and/or point out an unrelated flaw on the opposing side ? 
  lately especially i 've been trying to deal more with what 's been said than what seems to be implied . 
  i think history will treat obama well , and i think the nutjob critics have dug their own hole by making the stupid claims and predictions they have . 
  but if someone from that side says something valid , my view today is to offer some praise for it , because it 's an improvement on the bullshit we 've been hearing and i 'd like to encourage debate about actual things and not cartoonish apocalyptic fears . 
  well , yes , i suppose ? 
  the comment i responded to suggested that obama was doing nothing . 
  so even if he was rounding up jews for a second holocaust , he 'd be doing something , and that comment would be incorrect . 
  as for your claim that obama 's actions ( in the form of an executive order , which i doubt you characterized as `` decrees '' when they were made by bush , but i digress ) `` go directly against u.s. law , '' i would remind you that there is a federal case on the matter that has not yet been decided . 
  i will assume for now that you are not an immigration lawyer or a constitutional scholar . 
  but since you made the claim , would you kindly tell me which law obama 's executive order goes `` directly against '' ? 
  i had a gay budgie who died of grief when his partner flew away . 
  the reasoning checks out . 
  tyt and cenk are the shit . 
  i want wolfpac to succeed . 
  he could still be the antichrist , though . 
  i agree with the sentiment , but what you 're describing is no accident . 
  the democrats who distanced themselves from obama were certainly weighing the consequences of this against standing with him and virtually assuring a defeat and therefore a loss of a seat in congress . 
  it 's a tough spot to be in for candidates with precariously divided constituencies . 
  well , given the brevity and tone of your comment , i do n't think i formed any unreasonable impressions . 
  and really , one would hope that incorrect assumptions would be based on a little information rather than a lot , do n't you think ? 
  anyway , what you 're describing are policies worth debating and criticizing , but i have two points to make about what you 've said :, 
  1 ) what you 've described are mainly enforcement priorities , which on a smaller scale are constantly made at the discretion of the executive . 
  triage is a matter of routine when it comes to enforcement . 
  there is more than that going on here to be sure , but it 's not inconsistent with other shifting priorities that are made when matters are in limbo . 
  for example , we have a conflict between federal law regarding marijuana and many state policies . 
  `` going directly against the law '' in this case ( through selective enforcement , that is ) is prudent , i would argue . 
  the immigration battle is political . 
  both parties have said publicly that the system is broken , so selective enforcement of * some * kind seems reasonable to me . 
  2 ) context matters . 
  as i said , both parties have called for reform . 
  boehner even indicated that he 'd make it a priority before somebody nudged him and reminded him that doing so would benefit obama . 
  obama , for his part , has repeatedly asked for a bill . 
  the gop has refused to put one forward . 
  ( edit : and the reason they 've given for this -- namely , that they do n't trust obama to carry out the provisions of the bill , the elements of which they 've never defined -- is breathtakingly disrespectful and a completely bullshit , unacceptable answer . ), 
  if immigration is solely within the purview of congress , then congress is doing an extraordinarily shitty job of managing it . 
  the specific actions of the justice department can be criticized , but to characterize what 's happening as `` obama making decrees that go directly against the law '' is misleading given the full context of the situation . 
  thanks . 
  i totally understand your point . 
  the title alone from your first link says `` consumers are n't spending even in a booming job market , '' so there 's some more good news , and yet another fact that goes against predictions made by obama 's opponents . 
  the point , again , is that obama 's presidency has n't killed jobs or ruined the economy , as the gop has claimed it would . 
  also , you might have a point about the `` parabolic rise in the dollar '' having `` nothing to do with the regular economy , '' although i would n't bet my life on the `` nothing '' part . 
  but throwing `` markets and '' in front of it is so patently incorrect that my saying as much hardly requires a defense . 
  markets have quite a bit to do with the regular economy . 
  as for a coming collapse . 
  well , you go ahead and hold your breath if you like . 
  i 've heard too many such predictions in my time to take them seriously . 
  there are problems worth combating , and it 's important to identify and deal with them . 
  but when we look at them and just conclude that everything will go to hell , we put unwarranted faith in our own prophetic ability while ignoring the fact that historically we have a better record of solving problems than such forecasts acknowledge . 
  as calling them `` decrees '' makes a person sound ignorant . 
  i question obama all the time and have yet to be called a racist as a result . 
  ( i did so in this very thread , as a matter of fact . ), 
  i think that avoiding accusations of racism when it comes to criticizing obama will depend on the criticisms . 
  obama has had an outrageous amount of baseless criticisms leveled against him , not just from the certifiable nutjob contingent , but from the mainstream conservative base . 
  if you look at * any * news site that allows reader commentary it 's plain to see . 
  so when people have said he 's not a citizen when he * is * a citizen , and that he 's a muslim after he 's said plainly that he 's not ( and has done nothing to suggest that he is ) , and that his election will be `` the end of america as we know it '' ( and not in a good way ) , and that he 's a socialist ( which is plainly , demonstrably false ) , then it 's reasonable to find an ulterior motive for the criticisms . 
  ( my sister 's boyfriend in 2008 referred to him as a `` som-bitch '' before he 'd even done anything . ), 
  so really , if people would stick to things he 's actually done and actually said instead of what they think he stands for and think he will do , and if more of his detractors would do their detracting without using every insult * short of * racial epithets , then fewer people would be accused of being motivated by racism . 
  thank you . 
  that 's fine . 
  but on reddit we can only know each other based on the words people use here . 
  i made two assumptions about you based on your comment . 
  one of them was that you probably never referred to executive orders made by bush as `` decrees . '', 
  the other was that you are not an immigration lawyer or constitutional scholar . 
  if you did in fact refer to a bush executive order as a decree , or if you are an immigration lawyer or a constitutional scholar , then i 'm sorry i assumed otherwise . 
  for what it 's worth , my assumptions were tentative and the language i used to express them reflects that . 
  have a good weekend !, 
  hey , someone noticed !, 
  i did n't see the date at first , but i started to wonder when the article said paul ryan * is * mitt romney 's running mate . 
  i thought , * wow , they 're still friends ? 
  exactly !, 
  because if we ca n't torture a guy like that , how are we supposed to get away with torturing * other * people ? 
  most ? 
  i would love to see a table or a graph -- or even a credible source -- that would demonstrate how `` most of the conspiracy theories '' turned out to be true . 
  this sounds like reasoning that supports the comment it responds to . 
  you could practically remove the `` no , '' replace it with a `` yes , '' and have a better argument . 
  for all freedom and human rights we 've become accustomed to grandstanding about since the cold war ( when doing so held some water ) , there 's hardly a civil right in the united states that is n't better protected in germany ( and in other eu countries ) . 
  what an unfortunate irony for us . 
  i 'll bet he would n't have realized his error if you 'd left that last sentence off . 
  is n't that what the comments are for , though ? 
  i 'm constantly seeing stuff on the front page that looks like bad news to me , wherein the top comment is some variation on `` hey , that 's bad news !, 
  i do n't like this ! '', 
  to me that offers more room for substance than a `` dislike '' button or whatever you 're proposing , if i understand you correctly . 
  yeah , people forget funny farm !, 
  the funniest scene in that movie ( that i can remember ) was n't directly chevy . 
  it was when he brought the dog home as a grand gesture and the dog promptly ran away upon getting out of the car , never to be seen again . 
  haha , that shit kills me . 
  this is why society ( ours , anyway ) is constantly putting out civil liberties fires . 
  we love the letter of the law when it comes to our rights , but we consistently fail to embrace the underlying principles behind it . 
  it 's basically a c. so , a notch higher than just passing . 
  it all sounds like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy_yf4zz-yo ) to me . 
  well , and there 's probably a concern about liability . 
  no one wants to be the guy who was providing therapy when someone goes off the rails and actually commits a crime . 
  maybe liability is n't so much the issue , either .
