  she 's a poor example and a poor choice for the left . 
  i would like to see our own side bring about the end of her public career , and for her presence in american politics to fade with haste . 
  i hope this is enough for you . 
  sincerely ,, 
  eh , maybe i 'm splitting hairs here , but i do n't recall the two of them coming as a 2 for 1 deal . 
  during the first campaign i remember hillary playing the part of the southern wife in interviews , with her slight southern wife drawl and her political wife haircut . 
  in my recollection , hillary took a beating for her uncompromising stance on the health care initiative , and generally for overstepping her role in secret , and then being evasive when legitimately questioned about it . 
  she later got a lot of sympathy for putting up with bill and being a solid figure through the whole lewinsky thing . 
  people were buzzing about `` president hillary '' before she 'd ever held a public office . 
  she rode that wave into the senate and then nearly won the democratic presidential nomination . 
  i agree with everything else you 've said here , though . 
  i just do n't think that voters in 1992 were seeing the two of them as some kind of package deal . 
  in fact , iirc , during the campaign there seems to have been an effort to avoid presenting things that way . 
  at least that 's how i remember things . 
   it might be a biased sample of their data because google picked it out, 
  yes , this was my point . 
  it 's google 's presentation on google 's blog . 
  does n't mean they do n't have a point . 
  it 's just not likely the final word on the matter . 
  i 'm not unwilling to hear google 's side of the story . 
  i use their search and services like most people , and have for the most part been supportive of them from the start . 
  and that 's why i made the comment above . 
  the eu 's actions make me wonder what 's flying under the radar over here . 
  ( if anything , yes . ), 
  if you write a primer on american politics for your cat and then post it where people can see it , the people will probably benefit from it . 
  possibly even more than your cat would . 
  edit : ah , so i guess i 'm wrong . 
  a primer on american politics written for a cat and posted where people can see it * would n't * benefit anyone . 
  duh , how could i not know this ? 
  what it tells me is that she does n't have a firm understanding of her audience . 
  it 's a lie , of course . 
  even if you could n't have multiple accounts on one device , what takes more effort : having an email server installed * in your house , * or carrying another device ? 
  her excuse is insulting , but it might have some sway with people in her own demographic . 
  not insofar as her job entails following certain rules and conducting the nation 's business with transparency . 
  these things are * part * of the job in a democratic society . 
  i understand your point in the context of `` just anyone . '', 
  but the secretary of state is n't `` just anyone . '', 
  she not only flouted the rules , but went to the trouble of having a dedicated email server installed in her home in order to flout them . 
  when the data was justifiably requested , she securely erased the stuff * she * felt was n't necessary for the government to have . 
  that 's not the kind of behavior one wants in a public official -- least of all the president . 
  and just so you know i 'm not just a conservative beating a drum , let me say that i 'm not a conservative beating a drum . 
  i 'm a democrat who wants a better person to be the party 's figurehead . 
  i never heard this , but i have no reason to doubt that it 's true . 
  i mean , it fits with how i remember things . 
  the unfortunate thing is that there * were * republicans and conservatives who criticized her irrationally , just as there are with obama today , but hillary was harder to defend than obama because she * actually did * some of the things she was accused of doing , and her behavior fit the image her accusers painted of her in more ways than one could legitimately defend . 
  that 's why i do n't want her at the helm . 
  if the criticisms were baseless i would n't care . 
  but putting hillary out front is * asking * for criticism from the right -- criticism that , unlike much of what 's been said about obama , would likely have enough merit to harm democrats for years to come . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but i do n't want to end up having to defend a national figurehead on this level . 
  if this were the * only * thing of its kind in hillary 's history i might consider defending her on that basis , or putting things as you have here , because it would n't be part of a pattern that plays right into her/our opponents ' hands . 
  instead , though , we have someone behaving in ways that are dangerously close to what her critics have been saying about her for a long , long time . 
  after eight years defending obama against baseless stuff , i do n't want to put someone out there who will run the risk of vindicating all the histrionics . 
  well , okay . 
  as i said , this is not how i recall things , and recollections can be faulty . 
  i will say that your sources seem to be latching onto something that did n't strike me as a dominant theme of the campaign . 
  there 's no question that she was recognized as accomplished in her own right , but also in her own realm ( i.e. , law , not politics ) , and that the public and the media made a theme of it . 
  i just do n't recall the `` 2 for 1 '' thing being a major selling point , but your sources indicate that it was more of a thing than i 'd remembered , so there 's that . 
  your nyt source shows how this approach was tempered , anyway :, 
   she told reporters again and again that she did not dominate her husband -- `` he has a real core of toughness '' ; -- that her husband would not offer her a cabinet post -- `` that 's not going to happen , and i would n't take it if it did '' ; -- that she would not sit in on cabinet meetings -- `` i never did that in arkansas and i 'm not going to start now , '' -- and that she would not be a pioneer first lady making radical changes -- `` i do n't think so ; i hope i 'm going to be myself . '', 
  i remember their making a point of putting hillary to use in a way that was more than just symbolic , but i do n't think they were selling the idea that she 'd have a decision-making role . 
  still , point taken . 
  sorry , i had buttloads of work to to and i was already behind on it when i wrote the last comment . 
  i understand your point . 
  but the piece i think you 're missing is that this email thing is n't something that can be considered in isolation . 
  yes , if you draw a box around it and just look inside the box , there are plenty of things that are much , much bigger problems than this . 
  what makes this a bigger issue than what it seems at face value is the long-term viability of the party and the party 's goals . 
  there are bigger problems , yes , but we have to choose a president in the meantime , and it 's a rather big deal whether we spend the next eight years defending , as opposed to celebrating the president 's actions . 
  dammit , i typed an answer to this , got really busy , and then lost track of the damn thing . 
  i had at least three paragraphs and they 're gone . 
  shit . 
  seriously , shit . 
  i ca n't reconstruct it all and it 's the middle of the night anyway , so i 'll just summarize . 
  generally , `` ideal '' can mean several things . 
  you can have someone with an ideal skill set who has zero chance of winning , and you can have someone with a high chance of winning who will absolutely suck at getting things done . 
  i think hillary would have a chance at winning , and i think she could get things done , too , but not necessarily what * should * be done , and with what i consider tremendous risk involved . 
  to cut to the point , there are n't many stand-out alternatives at the moment . 
  sanders seems to be ready to jump in the ring , but i 'm not sure how electable he would be on a national scale . 
  i also think a lot of center-right voters will reject him . 
  he appeals to the left 's base , but i 'm not sure how far it goes beyond that . 
  there 's also the party issue with him . 
  if he runs as an independent , we 're kinda screwed . 
  warren has potential , but she still says she 's not running . 
  there 's been some talk about gore and biden , and i 'd put my support behind either one of them , with a preference for gore . 
  sorry for the delay and the hastily written reconstruction of a response . 
  pedophiles are n't the # 1 perpetrators of kidnappings anyway . 
  most kidnappings are perpetrated by family members , who would n't be swayed one way or another with a nametag . 
  and imported cheeses . 
  the # 1 cause of kidnappings is domestic cheese . 
  you know , i have a hazy memory of anti-kidnapping stuff they used to give parents and kids , that * included * nametags . 
  my kids are grown , though , so it 's been too long to remember exactly . 
  i work from home , and then this is me every single day . 
  the decision usually hinges on where the nearest pair of pants is , and and whether they 're sweats . 
  no , barry zuckerkorn is an old fonz . 
  glad to help . 
  thanks . 
  haha !, 
  this is great . 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  you can argue that outcomes are similar downstream , but it simply is n't the same thing . 
  buzzfeed is a news organization that sells news .
