  that 's why * smart * christians * favor * secularism . 
  they recognize that if they create justifications for allowing their beliefs to enter the public sphere , those same justifications can be exploited by their opponents . 
  the * real * issue is that the christians and the satanists are * both * full of shit in this argument , and it 's likely that between the two parties , only the satanists recognize this fact . 
  this story is n't about secularism losing . 
  it 's about secularism * winning . 
  * listen carefully : it 's * only * in a secular society that the satanists would be able to launch their challenge on free exercise grounds . 
  let that thought sink in . 
  non-belief is not being offended here . 
  that comment makes this about secularism versus belief when these two things are not at opposite ends . 
  secularism is the tool being used by the satanists . 
  religion is just the pretense . 
  an analogy might bring this into better relief . 
  imagine we had a rule that says `` you can be any color you want , but your color will not give you an advantage in the public sphere . '', 
  if the green people say `` we should be exempt from motorcycle helmet laws because helmets cover our greenness , and the law says we can be any color we want , '' and the blue people say `` well then we do n't have to wear pants , because they hinder our blueness , '' the blues are using secularism to teach the greens where the limits of their argument ought to be . 
  secularism is a public sphere that does not favor any religion . 
  i understand your position , but the argument is n't between secularism and religion . 
  the argument is over the free exercise clause having a place in secular society . 
  our secular society protects the private right of individuals to freely exercise their religion . 
  it 's a civil right . 
  you can advocate for a society that * does n't * protect the right to freely exercise one 's religion if you want , but since that right exists here , it is just as incorrect to label the enforcement of that right as `` pro religion , '' as it would be to label enforcement of the right to free speech `` pro douchebaggery '' on the grounds that douchebags are allowed to say whatever they want . 
  if the constitution guarantees the right to free exercise , and you ca n't freely exercise , then there 's a problem . 
  addressing that problem is pro-constitution , not pro-religion . 
  atheists should stick to arguing on establishment grounds . 
  that 's where the threat really lies . 
   you 've taken the most nit-picky , technical argument to claim the phrasing makes no sense to you . 
  your position on this is * pointless * . 
  it 's not a nitpicky , technical argument . 
  it 's what the constitution says and it 's how the law works . 
  and i find it funny that a person arguing for specific , narrow interpretation of the constitution would say such a thing . 
  when people argue for a strict , plain-text application of the constitution , they are most often doing this to create a philosophical justification for eradicating specific policies they do n't like . 
  it has the effect of `` raising '' the argument from `` i do n't like this '' to `` this is fundamentally wrong . '', 
  but people should be careful what they wish for . 
  there are quite a few policies very much favored by so-called constitutionalists that would have to go out the window with this approach . 
  but even so , the point is moot for reasons i 've already made clear . 
    the courts have the authority in this area, 
   no , they do n't . 
  they have 1/3rd the authority in this area . 
  each branch of government equally gets to interpret the constitution . 
  this is incorrect . 
  the branches are coequal broadly , but not in every specific area . 
  if you 've ever made the argument or heard it made that `` the president has no authority to make law '' then you understand what i mean . 
  the branches check and balance each other , yes . 
  congress has the primary responsibility of making laws . 
  the other branches are coequal , but they do n't have equal power to make laws . 
  the executive and the courts have checks on this power . 
  the executive executes , with checks from the other branches on that power . 
  and the courts * interpret * the law . 
  what checks do the other branches have on this authority ? 
  well , the executive has the appointment power , which is n't much of a check , frankly , and congress can pass a constitutional amendment . 
  it can also restructure the court system . 
  it can not reinterpret law . 
  it can only amend the constitution or pass a different law and hope it gets past the courts . 
   cruz is interpreting it more strictly to the written word than others have been doing lately to restore constitutional order and restrictions . 
  and cruz can interpret the constitution any damn way he pleases . 
  but neither he nor anyone else can `` restore '' anything without a constitutional amendment . 
  the only other thing that can be done is to make court appointments with people who share your view . 
  but there are checks on * that * too , and even a successful appointment of this kind is no guarantee . 
  if you think i 'm being nitpicky , then just tell me what you think cruz or anyone else can do to `` restore constitutional order and restrictions . '', 
  you 're allowed to believe what you want about how the constitution * should * be interpreted , but it 's a hollow thing to campaign on , and a rather misguided basis for choosing an executive . 
  if you like cruz , then consider him for the things he can do , and not the things he would do in a world where he had the authority to do them , because we do n't live in that world . 
  what you 're calling `` pandering '' is what others might call `` accommodating , '' and they 're not the same thing . 
  each of the practices you mentioned can be weighed against compelling state interests , and each would probably weigh differently in the analysis . 
  laws do n't have to * intend * oppression to be oppressive . 
  and it 's not about accommodating any old damn thing . 
  it 's about evaluating a claim of oppression against compelling state interests . 
  religion loses in this comparison all the time . 
  this is why we have courts . 
  again , the question is between a society with a free exercise guarantee and one without that guarantee . 
  if you have the guarantee , but no mechanism for evaluating claims under it ( or religious interests * always * lose under the mechanism you have ) , then you do n't really have much of a guarantee . 
  remember how republicans have tried to suppress democratic voters by enacting `` voter fraud '' laws to combat the non-existent threat of voter fraud ? 
  the same could be done to suppress religious freedom in the absence of a system of redress . 
  and so the argument comes full circle : secularism allows one religious interest to compete against the other on equal footing . 
  if our society were not secular , a satanist challenge to christian interests would not be possible . 
   i did n't say in every specific area , i said in interpreting the constitution . 
  the court does n't have sole dominion over that . 
  several of the founding fathers have stated as much and cases like the dred scott case show why the supreme court does n't get final say . 
  it absolutely does get the final say , short of a constitutional amendment or a reversal from the court itself . 
  if i am wrong , then please provide an example of a scotus interpretation that was reversed without a constitutional amendment or the court 's own rulings . 
  even the civil war resulted in new amendments . 
  if you fight a war over a legal principle , win the war , and then * still * put amendments in place to make your interpretation stick , then that suggests something about the power of the other two branches to interpret law . 
   you 're describing basics of our system like they change the argument . 
  your position basically boils down to `` why even try ? 
  just agree with everyone else , nothing can be done . 
  it is what it is , there 's no point in opposing with differing opinions . 
  there are checks on those opinions . '', 
  when one side of the argument ignores the basics , the basics do indeed change the argument . 
  and my argument boils down to nothing of the kind . 
  my argument is that if you favor cruz 's ideas about the constitution , then support an effort to pass a constitutional amendment , because that 's the only way you 'll be able to achieve your goal . 
  the other part of the argument is that it makes more sense to support a candidate for what he can do as opposed to what he wishes he could do . 
  laws can not be secular . 
  only the society or the government can be . 
  the law you say favors religion is known as the free exercise clause of the first amendment . 
  if you want things to be different , you have to repeal that part of the first amendment with a new amendment . 
  a guarantee of the right to free exercise means little if it ca n't weighed against state interests . 
  to eliminate weighing religion against state interests , you have to eliminate the right to free exercise of religion . 
  i have no quarrel at all with what you 've said here . 
  christianity is a dominant religion here , and some christian interests are abusing the free exercise clause for political reasons as opposed to religious ones . 
  that 's the problem . 
  but civil society is built on the accommodation of competing interests , so we probably should avoid feeling a sense of total victory or total defeat when favor is granted one way or the other . 
  it 's not as if i do n't understand or sympathize with what people are saying here .
