  people want to have the label they want , and some people would rather torture the definition of that label than admit to holding ideals that fall under a different one . 
  ( or to sharing one with any of history 's villains . ), 
  i was downvoted in a discussion once for pointing out that support for marijuana legalization is n't a conservative position . 
  i mean , jesus , i do n't * care * if your beliefs do n't all fall into a neat , consistent package . 
  but do n't pretend that * that * policy preference is a conservative one . 
  interestingly , in some ways it 's the opposite in the u.s. , at least when it comes to defamation , libel , etc. 
  here , anyone who is a `` public figure '' has a higher burden to meet in order to win those cases . 
  this is one of the very few disadvantages the wealthy face in the courts here , though . 
  in just about every other way their legal advantages are enormous . 
  exactly . 
  as an american , i would n't expect mexicans to know that betsy ross wrote the star spangled banner , either . 
  oh , yeah , he 's good . 
  his brother is pretty good too . 
  neither one of them is black , though , so i do n't know why they call themselves that . 
  but their anthems are definitely good . 
  i ca n't say so with authority , but i think it 's likely that this has something to do with the u.s. being so young in comparison , coupled with the upward mobility so many people were motivated by when they came here over the years . 
  i also think it 's a sort of mythology that helps explain and justify the inequality that has always existed here ( that is , in the face of our `` all men are created equal '' narrative ) . 
  wow , this is a frighteningly twisted explanation of what happened . 
  it 's a lack of government regulation of * private financial firms * that allowed the bubble and subsequent meltdown to occur . 
  and none of it had anything to do with `` government handouts . '', 
  also , your telling makes the banks seem like responsible parties here . 
  you know that a whole bunch of them recently pleaded guilty to criminal wrongdoing in the matter , right ? 
  the part you get particularly * correct * is where the whole thing is tied to loose money , but the loose money itself was n't the result of any one person or party . 
  wo n't go there for now because that 's a whole other story . 
  the problems , though , stemmed from what investment firms ( which , due to * deregulation * were linked to the banks -- or * were * the banks ) * did * with the loose money . 
  first , they bundled these loose-money mortgages into securities . 
  then these securities were given aaa ratings ( which you also get right , although the real money makers were the investment firms , not so much the rating companies , but that 's also another subject ) , and sold to unsuspecting investors , including individuals , retirement investment funds , and so on . 
  meanwhile , the big firms holding these investments began purchasing credit-default swaps on them from mega-firms like aig . 
  a cds , for those who do n't know , is an * unregulated * ( though that may have changed somewhat ) insurance-like instrument whereby the holder of a security pays the `` insurer '' a rate for the life of the security . 
  if the security defaults , the cds provider pays out the par value of the security to the holder and then takes ownership of the security . 
  ( and there are forms of cds that do n't even require the purchaser to hold the security in question , opening up the market to wild speculation . ), 
  anyway , these bundled mortgage securities had been fraudulently bought , sold , and insured through cds deals up the wazoo before their toxicity inevitably settled in , leaving the unsuspecting buyers with garbage and the fraudulent sellers with all the money . 
  and the cds sellers like aig now had * trillions * in worthless securities . 
  massive firms like goldman sachs and aig had such gaping holes in their assets that to prevent a complete meltdown , the government had to bail them out . 
  keep in mind that even this is a simplification of what happened . 
  the really important point here , though , is that it was loose oversight of the financial sector and not `` government handouts '' that were responsible for the financial meltdown . 
  the biggest government handouts came after the fact , and they went to the firms who were responsible for the disaster in the first place . 
  edit : clarified a point . 
  he 's pretty wrong too , though . 
  edit : okay , downvoted . 
  now , here 's where he 's wrong :, 
  -- the credit rating agencies were wrong , but they were n't the ones who had the most to gain from the ruse . 
  the banks and investment firms were . 
  -- the banks were n't forced to become picky as people failed to pay off their loans . 
  they did not play a passive role in this fraud . 
  banks are responsible for the loans they give , and the terms of those loans . 
  the banks gave out loans irresponsibly because they stood to make short-term gains on the securitization of those loans ( i.e. , bundle them and sell them as derivatives for quick money instead of waiting for people to pay on them , which they knew would n't happen ) . 
  -- no government handouts caused the banks to behave in this way . 
  the banks took advantage of loose credit and lack of regulatory scrutiny to commit a huge fraud against investors , homeowners , and the public . 
  i am quite interested to hear anybody 's defense of the narrative i criticized , over the information i 've provided above . 
  you 're right . 
  and the home ownership angle is really just a corollary rather than a cause . 
  the whole thing is too complicated to understand with sound bites and headlines alone , so it 's understandable that people wo n't get all of the facts right . 
  but it still surprises me the way people fill in the gaps of their knowledge with completely inaccurate information . 
  what ideology are you referring to ? 
  also , what incentives ? 
   the one that defaults to government action whenever a `` problem '' is identified . 
  i think they mean well , i just think that their default action is ... highly suspect , and has a record of terrible , terrible , long drawn out failure . 
  you 're entitled to this view , of course , although i disagree with it . 
  in any case , it 's not ideologically driven ignorance to recognize that the proximate cause of the meltdown was the banks , not the government . 
    also , what incentives ? 
   the strengthened community reinvestment act in the 1990 's , the increased leveraging of fannie and freddie mac , and the easy money policies of the federal reserve in response to the dot-com bubble . 
  the only part of the cra that played a meaningful role in the meltdown was the change made in 1999 , which repealed the portion of glass-steagall prohibiting banks from getting involved in selling certain investment and insurance products . 
  what you 're referring to as the `` strengthened '' cra , insofar as it does n't refer to prohibitions on `` redlining '' loan applications for real estate located in high-minority areas , involves the * removal * of regulations for banks . 
  in other words , government deserves blame here only if you blame it for getting out of the way . 
  loose credit policies do not force banks to issue bad loans and then lie about their viability as investments for the sake of short-term gain . 
  banks took advantage of loose credit policies to commit fraud on a massive scale , and no act of the government forced them to do this . 
  anyone who focuses on the government 's role in the meltdown is placing the blame on the entity that stepped aside , instead of the positive actors who actually committed the fraud . 
  and i do n't think it 's the people who recognize this that are viewing events through an ideological lens . 
  i think that if you evaluate the policy preferences of * most * left-leaning people fairly , you 'll find that few of them would preclude you from enjoying your well deserved reward . 
  i think it 's a shame that our political culture leads people to make extreme conclusions about their political opponents . 
  i 've made sacrifices and realized gains , too . 
  i 'm not willing to go to the extremes you did , but i have no quarrel with your being rewarded for your success . 
  there are also people who have ten times what you do and worked half as hard for it . 
  i do n't even have a quarrel with * that . 
  what i have a quarrel with is the attitude ( whether or not you hold it ) that suggests that skill , hard work , and informed decision making are the only factors that influence a person 's success . 
  consider , for example , how things might have gone for you if you 'd been convicted of a crime related to the amphetamine use you admit was a factor in your success . 
  ask yourself how sympathetic the people supporting you in this thread would have been if your comment had been something along the lines of `` i would have been amazingly successful had i not been convicted of a drug felony . '', 
  please continue to enjoy your success without guilt . 
  i do n't think many people would expect anything different . 
  but please do your best to recognize that things could have easily gone wrong for you , notwithstanding your hard work . 
  and for many people , things * have * gone wrong , for reasons that do n't necessarily justify the loss of their dignity . 
  `` you would have to crush the sun to the size of a small town . '', 
  which small town ? 
  why , manhattan , of course . 
  ah , missed that bit , thanks . 
  to me that only makes sense relative to the population . 
  i live in a real small town , and i have underestimated manhattan 's scale several times because of this idea ( i.e. , it 's a small place with a lot of people in it ) . 
  math is math , of course , and i sure did n't do any before i said all of this , so i 'll just say that compared to the environment i spend my most time in , manhattan is a pretty big place to me . 
  wow , this is great !, 
  i just moved my whole setup to an adjacent wall and i thought * that * was a ton of work . 
  everything is still in a functional but ugly state . 
  i 'm going to try to use some of these ideas to make it look as if somebody cared . 
  thanks for the post !, 
  it 's funny how the gun lobby and its allies will pull out every stop in their effort to render any proposed gun regulation all but meaningless by the time it gets through conference committee , and then later cite the absurdity and ineffectiveness of those laws as evidence for why they should n't exist in the first place . 
  how about throwing your support toward a law that would actually have a bearing on the problem , and then we 'll see how poorly they work . 
  i do n't know either way for sure , but i 'd be inclined to suspect the hate speech before the jailbait when it comes to germany . 
  the hair triggers on these issues between us and them are somewhat flip-flopped . 
  has the media claimed that crime is up from 20 or 30 years ago ? 
  i 've only heard messages consistent with what you said here .
