  quotes in context mean quite a bit , though . 
  no , this does n't cut it . 
  look at article iv , sections i and ii of the constitution . 
  telling people they 're full of shit should take points away !, 
  context , man . 
  people who say that about soldiers are n't trying to push an agenda other than to point out the relative youth of the people who are expected to risk their lives over decisions made by people two and three times their age . 
  most soldiers just finished growing up , more or less , and now they face death . 
  i 've heard them referred to as `` babies , '' too -- not as an insult or anything other than to highlight what i said above . 
  edit : apparently i 'm wrong , and people refer to soldiers as children to make war look worse , because war is really not so bad , and a 20-year-old has lived all the life one should expect to live . 
  also , the fact that i and many others have children older than 20 plays no role . 
  it 's all just about someone 's political agenda . 
  i feel ashamed to have thought otherwise . 
  you know that 18 is generally both the legal and journalistic standard , right ? 
  i know what you 're saying , but you said `` torture , '' so i expected to see a claim that they referred to people under 25 that way . 
  in journalism , generally `` boy '' and `` girl '' are used for anyone under 18 instead of `` man '' or `` woman . '', 
  and in contract law , for example , generally a contract is n't valid if made with anyone under 18 . 
  it 's an entirely reasonable distinction if you 're only interested in two categories . 
  i do n't live on the internet , so the lack of a reply reflects that and nothing else . 
  and i did n't downvote this comment because i only saw it just now . 
  i also said nothing about the headline . 
  i said that 18 is generally the threshold for journalism and for the law in making that distinction , which makes your claim that the cdc was `` torturing '' the meaning of the word rather specious . 
  not everything revolves around some kind of nefarious agenda . 
  people and organizations have their standards and their interests , and it 's good to be aware of them . 
  but a government agency that divides people into children and adults at age 18 is n't torturing anything . 
  i agree that a further breakdown of categories for younger people is meaningful . 
  i understand that the use of the word `` child '' can be manipulative . 
  i disagree with the idea that the cdc was being manipulative or straining credulity by separating adults and children at age 18 . 
  i also think this thread is loaded with people tripping over one another about agendas and manipulation . 
  the title of the article seems to have been sensationalized , and that would be crappy journalism , but that 's about it . 
  thanks for the new word . 
  it 's my new word of the month . 
  [ * snort * ], 
  just a very lazy troll account . 
  it matters if you care about adhering to standard rules of grammar . 
  you 're hearing about it here and will probably hear about it again on reddit because there was a short moment of comic relief on game of thrones in which stannis muttered the correction `` fewer '' after somebody misapplied the word `` less . '', 
  but yes , the distinction matters . 
  they 're not interchangeable in standard usage . 
  it 's always more complicated than a simplified rule states . 
  that 's one of the reasons why writing instructors say it 's important to learn the rules before going out and breaking them . 
  there 's often some kind of nuanced exception that does n't lend itself well to inclusion in an otherwise functional , simple rule . 
  to me it 's part of what makes language both interesting and frustrating . 
  i do n't mean to be impolite , so i apologize in advance if i come off that way , but i 've gone through rounds with people who say things like this before , and i want to be clear that none of what i said has any bearing on this linguistics stuff you trot out every time questions like this arise . 
  i 'm not saying that there is some transcendent god of language who declares these matters objectively right or wrong . 
  but standard english is a thing and , right or wrong , some people want to know about it and some people will be judgmental about it . 
  i earn my living writing and my editor does n't give a shit about `` dialects , '' for example . 
  so , as i said before , there 's a difference , and it matters if you care about it . 
  i get it , yeah . 
  thanks for not taking my comment personally . 
  i know * you 're * not the one i keep exchanging comments with on the topic . 
  it just feels that way when it 's all text , over and over . 
  so , like minecraft turned on its head ? 
  lesson : do n't stop to smell the trucks !, 
  it 's called `` talking funny . '', 
  definitely worth watching . 
  holy crap , can you imagine louis ck doing his routine in the 80s ? 
  well , it can . 
  the resources ca n't , though . 
  how so ? 
  edit : i love this . 
  downvoted for asking `` how so ? '', 
  anyone else care to weigh in on how `` capitalism can be sustained in a world with finite resources if we abandon keynesian principles '' ? 
  that is , if you can explain what the fuck that 's supposed to mean in the first place . 
  the world is actually filled with sane capitalists who understand the need for a regulated market . 
  anyone who 's trapped in reddit would n't know it , though . 
  i think our current problem is that capital itself is controlling the conversation . 
  the belief that an entirely free market is the answer to all the problems is just as crazy and dangerous as one that demands a classless society . 
  for whatever reason , it seems as if waning religious faith is being met with a rising adherence to the `` religions '' of political ideology . 
  somehow , thousands of years of recorded history demonstrating that we 're far more likely to be wrong than right about * most * things , does n't inhibit people from insisting that they 're right about * everything . 
  * it would be comical if it were n't so deadly . 
  edit : paragraphs . 
  we have fans , though . 
  and nuclear technology . 
  we could use nuclear power to spin fans that would move the heaviest ships on earth , all with wind . 
  then they should power the ships with the prius batteries too . 
  problem solved . 
  you 're welcome , world !, 
  well , yeah . 
  economics itself rests on the concept of scarcity . 
  money , thankfully , is a substitute for other things ( including speech , i 've been told ) . 
  imagine if , instead of money , the 1 % controlled 40 % ( or whatever the figure is ) of the world 's arable land . 
  or potable water . 
  we can be glad this conversation is about oil . 
  weird for me to see this reference . 
  i 've never heard anybody talk about this place specifically other than the friends of mine who live there . 
  i guess i just do n't know nj enough to have picked up on any distinguishing characteristics of the place , other than being more expensive than pa. 
  i imagine it would be a pain in the ass to manage a place from so far away , but that 's just me . 
  i 've also never done it , so i would n't know . 
  whoops , misunderstood , sorry . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm going to give your argument a fair shake rather than reflexively downvote it , because i think you call attention to an issue that is a * huge * problem on reddit , and probably on most internet forums ( and in my view , one that is a little cumbersome to articulate ) . 
  namely , it 's often difficult to understand where people are trying to `` go '' with the comments they make -- what the motives are and what the implications are of taking a comment at face value . 
  to be clear , i should also say that i do n't think the jokes you mentioned are funny . 
  they * sound * like the kinds of jokes people make when they want to blame black people collectively for these problems , and that irritates me , because it 's really shitty of people to cripple an entire population through bigotry and then later point to the aftermath as evidence of what 's `` wrong '' with their community . 
  to be fair to your point , though , bill maher ( whose politics are well understood ) recently made a joke about black people not being swimmers , and it got one of those `` oooo '' laughs . 
  why ? 
  because it * sounds * racist , but people know bill maher is n't using the joke to mask a more nefarious premise . 
  when i first became active on reddit , my first impression of srs was a bad one because it seemed as if they would n't know a joke from a nazi tirade . 
  but in time i began to understand why the people there lost their patience with jokes . 
  i still think they might be a little too sensitive , but that 's neither here nor there . 
  but i think this is a problem , especially in a place like reddit .
