  in fact , your news flash is kinda the point . 
  the comment you responded to is just another way of saying `` damned if you do , damned if you do n't . '', 
  it has no implications whatsoever as to how many people are involved , and also does n't need to . 
  how is the comment you 're talking about `` random '' ? 
  for now i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume your question is genuine . 
  random means [ proceeding , made , or occurring without definite aim , reason , or pattern ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/random ) when it 's used in its normal sense , and that person 's comment was n't anything close to that . 
  and even if you used the word in an informal sense it does n't fit . 
  a random comment in the informal sense would n't be recognizable as an actual reply to the parent comment . 
  so that 's how the comment you were talking about is n't random . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  it 's what i figured you meant . 
  i 'm not trying to be a dick . 
  it 's just that i work with words for a living and that word is misused a lot , so i sometimes feel the need to say something about it . 
  check your insurance . 
  i think they can be replaced . 
  just to clarify a point , impeachment is n't adjudicated by scotus , as such . 
  the chief justice presides and the senate acts as the jury . 
  certain members of the house prosecute . 
  it 's a weird little circus where all three branches participate but the senate really has the lion 's share of authority ( once it gets to the point of adjudication , that is ) . 
  well , first let me say that i appreciate your attitude . 
  a lot of people have a hard time with being corrected about things . 
  people have a tendency to prefer arguing over learning . 
  also , i get the impression that you might be somewhat young , certainly in comparison to me . 
  and probably 9 out of 10 young people ( say , school age ) would n't see a problem with the way you used the word . 
  just want to make that clear . 
  so , to answer your question , there is n't necessarily a `` replacement '' word that fits , but there are some possibilities :, 
  `` how is some unverified comment enough proof . 
  `` how is some anonymous comment enough proof . 
  ( problem here is the guy gave his name , so in this case it was n't really anonymous . 
  but in many other cases it might be . ), 
  ways to say what you meant without a one-word replacement might be :, 
  `` how is a single comment with no proof of its own , proof that op is bullshitting ? '', 
  `` a claim is n't proof . 
  proof is proof . '', 
  this could go on forever . 
  it 's way past my bedtime , though , so i hope this helps !, 
  sure thing !, 
  good response and i generally agree . 
  i do question whether it was ever really a `` good idea , '' though . 
  i get what inspired it . 
  there 's a high-risk guy in the neighborhood and the only ones who know are police . 
  he of course does n't just touch a girl inappropriately or whatever , but also does all of the horrible , violent , nightmarish things that most people ca n't imagine anyone is capable of doing . 
  the public is outraged not just at the behavior , but at the idea ( perhaps correct and perhaps not ) that it was preventable , and so there are calls for putting something in place that would give communities the information they need to protect kids . 
  that 's about as far as one can go with the `` good idea '' in my opinion . 
  there are many , many reasons to criticize what happened from this point forward , but the fundamental flaw with the idea as far as i 'm concerned is that it 's extremely difficult to implement it in a meaningful way . 
  it uses erroneous assumptions about offenders , first of all , that are not unlike those made about drug users in the past . 
  we were told for generations that marijuana was a gateway drug to more harmful and addictive substances , and we know now that that 's bullshit . 
  having all sex offenders in a public registry for the sake of protecting the public is like having a list of all marijuana smokers for the sake of identifying potential heroin addicts . 
  behavior a does n't inform fear b very well . 
  and so we have a registry that 1 ) serves to do little beyond public shaming and 2 ) creates a false sense of security for people who do n't realize that most offenses are committed by people who are not on the registry ( i.e. , first-time offenders ) and that relatively few of them are committed by strangers . 
  i see , yes . 
  i was focused more on the public registry part of it . 
  i think the usefulness of police awareness is limited in its own ways ( for example , probable cause is still a requirement , so it would n't do much in the way of preventing anything , although it could help narrow a list of suspects after something occurred ) , but i think that portion of the law has more going for it than the public registry does . 
  the only time i ever see the word `` slander '' on reddit is when it is used incorrectly and followed by a correction . 
  haha , no judgment , misutasatan-san . 
  ha , same here . 
  i would have said it was the timing , but . 
  yeah , whatever . 
  besides that , the college part is as much a defense as anything . 
  who expects a scammer to walk straight into a college class and start ripping people off ? 
  i think it 's a normal thing not to apply the same level of scrutiny to someone entering a college class as you would to someone trying to sell you a cd in times square . 
  you know that thing where you read a bunch of paragraphs and then realize you were n't even paying attention , even though you actually read it ? 
  well sometimes you actually do pay attention and still do n't know what the fuck 's going on . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm not saying i know or anything , but go ahead and look it up . 
  it 's safe . 
  just bring donuts . 
  damn , second one i 've seen in this thread . 
  i think it 's an age thing . 
  i 'm going to guess that you 're somewhere between 40 and 50 . 
  we were kids back then , and waiting for your 16th birthday took forever when you were 14 , and so on . 
  my adult life began in earnest in the early 90s , and today i 'm in middle age and my kids are grown and i 'm wondering what the fuck happened , because i feel like the same guy . 
  well , except for the gut and the diverticulitis . 
  and that , folks , is the only politically correct way to refer to a gay man as a `` fairy . '', 
  so one presidential term does n't qualify as relevant experience for a second ? 
  it 's nice to see someone address the issue of culture vs. belief , and especially the way the two are intertwined . 
  i think this angle is overlooked in * most * discussions . 
  the `` religious community '' rails against matters that have little to do with religious doctrine and the nonreligious attribute these policy positions to religious belief , when religion is n't so much the source of these ideas as it is the glue that holds the culture together . 
  hell , culture and religion are so conflated that even * within * the community it 's not clear to many people which is which . 
  ask someone inside to explain how certain expected or frowned-upon practices ( cursing , dancing , abortion , praying before meals , and on and on ) are linked to doctrine or scripture and you 're usually met with something fairly unconvincing . 
  understanding this goes a long way toward explaining why many of the policy preferences of the `` religious right '' not only lack a scriptural basis , but often contradict scripture entirely and unambiguously . 
  ( note : i was raised in the community but was wholly separated from it by the time i was in my mid 20s . ), 
  or admit to one another that they know it 's a thing . 
  `` so , stewart , how about we include searches for ` interracial milf bukkake ' and ` brazilian fart smelling ' in the study ? '', 
  a plop twist ? 
  yup , no need for a squatty potty . 
  but please allow me to show you our selection of toilet lid underside shitproofers . 
  i was actually blown away by the civility everyone maintained throughout , not to mention the way they were able to stay on topic and avoid straw men , hyperbole , and all the other crap that has become commonplace in american `` debate . '', 
  we could n't have done that here on the topic of school lunch , let alone islam . 
  it 's nice to catch a glimpse of civil society in action . 
  definitely not what reddit would lead us to expect !, 
  i 'm interested in seeing more of what they do as well . 
  i also wonder what else the netherlands has ( have ? ), 
  to serve up in the way of people behaving like adults on television . 
  they did n't seem that way to me . 
  but i do n't speak dutch so i 'm probably missing some nuances . 
  even so , i was speaking to their ( and their guest 's ) handling of a politically and religiously charged topic , not whether they giggled or did something silly or whatever it is you believe i missed . 
  i spoke in reference to what one would see if such an exchange were conducted on a program in the united states . 
  if you have never seen political discussion play out on american television i wholly forgive your criticism . 
  if you have , then your comment is intellectually dishonest .
