  how in god 's name is this irrelevant when it addressed a comment in which you specifically linked standards to techniques ? 
  the state says `` teach x , y , and z. '', 
  how this is done , and what might be taught in addition to x , y , and z , are not in the purview of state standards . 
   competition is determined by fighting for the consumer 's dollar . 
  the consumer does n't have a choice here . 
  if i live at 123 xyz street , i have to send my kids to school a , because government education costs too much money to give parents choice . 
  many people , including myself , have either moved to or selected a place to settle based on the reputation of the school districts involved . 
  people request specific teachers ( or request * not * to have certain teachers ) and have their requests honored . 
  people homeschool and enroll in cyberschools at the district 's expense . 
  competition is n't confined to the narrow paradigm of multiple for-profit enterprises . 
    what you 're talking about is opening the door to private competition that is exempted from having to fulfill some of the most cumbersome mandates placed on public schools ( i.e. , allowing for selective enrollment , not having to provide the `` least restrictive environment '' for special needs students , etc. ) . 
  if these same burdens were lifted from public schools then they 'd be just as competitive as anything else . 
   not remotely true . 
  public schools are beholden to teacher 's unions , and use tax dollars . 
  those factors alone will contribute to higher costs from public schools . 
  lol , please tell this former teacher and union officer more about how what i 've said is `` not remotely true . '', 
  it is absolutely true . 
  providing a free and appropriate education to all * is * expensive , and any private enterprise that is required to fulfill the same mandates as a public school , is going to be expensive as well . 
  i 've personally participated in meetings where it was explained that a * single * special needs student was breaking the budget . 
  you ca n't open a charter school that is exempt from mandates of this type and say `` told ya so '' when it achieves good results at a lower cost . 
  as a person so well versed in economic theory i expect you to know what happens when you lower the attractiveness of the teaching profession . 
  public schools are beholden to teacher 's unions the same way any two parties are beholden to each other under contract . 
  school districts can and do renegotiate matters when the term of a contract is over . 
  are you suggesting that parties to a contract should be free to behave outside the provisions of the contract ? 
  because the mutually agreed-upon contract is the only way anyone is beholden to another , outside of the provisions of state law . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but people really tend to overestimate the sway of teacher 's unions . 
  and besides , i expect we 'd want conditions to be good for teachers . 
  private companies attract the best talent when they compensate talented people appropriately . 
   but you are required to teach the standards , thus your techniques will always reflect that . 
  you are still confusing techniques with content . 
  look , when i was involved we all had stuff to say about state standards . 
  i think it 's important that we not confuse what 's being argued here . 
  on this point and elsewhere my aim is not necessarily to argue that the way things are is best , or sacrosanct , or whatever . 
  the truth is that there are state standards that do n't make sense . 
  but guess what ? 
  districts * do * make their own standards . 
  it was only when no child left behind kicked into gear with its high-stakes testing that we made a serious effort to bring our own standards in line with those of the state , because what do you think the state would use in its tests for nclb purposes ? 
  so yeah , state standards can be a problem . 
  but not having them would create a host of other problems , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  also , there 's no reason to assume that were the state not involved in writing your standards , you would not have been required to learn things that you find unnecessary today . 
  the point i wish to make here , though , is that if the state says `` teach the causes of the civil war , '' it does n't matter if i do it with magic markers , play acting , or standing on my head and farting in morse code . 
  state standards do n't dictate techniques . 
   why is it that when libertarians suggest that policies should be pushed down to lower levels of government ( state , local ) because `` it 's easier to move , '' that 's an unacceptable answer -- but if you want to tie your child 's education to the place you live , it is ? 
  you realize that i could make the same argument in reverse , right ? 
  here again , my point is not to argue that the status quo is the best possible arrangement . 
  it is to explain that competition is already a factor in the way things are . 
  you mention average teacher salaries ( and i 'll readily agree that , by and large , they are decent . 
  they 've come a long way since the 80s ) , but it 's important to remember that `` average '' is not what everybody gets . 
  in my state we have districts that start new teachers in the high 20s and we have districts that start teachers in the mid 50s . 
  where do you think the best talent sends their applications first ? 
  which districts do you think get to pick from a large pool of highly competent , professional people ? 
  i 'm not defending the status quo . 
  i 'm pointing out that `` public education '' is not suffering from a lack of competition . 
  it suffers largely from an inequitable distribution of resources . 
  kids who need the most help tend to live in areas with a lower relative tax base , but the * mandates * are the same across the board . 
  richer districts absorb the mandates . 
  those in the middle deal with mandates at the expense of kids who do n't demand such a high share of resources . 
  those at the bottom are constantly putting out fires . 
   the state will almost always accede to their demands, 
  this and so much of what you said about teacher 's unions is just not true . 
  i confess that the dynamic among district , state , and union players is not uniform across all states , and that there are states whose laws are more or less friendly to unions relative to others . 
  but i also know , as a former union officer in my local and as a repeat delegate to state-level union governance events , that the public understanding of what really goes on where the rubber meets the road is severely lacking in nuance . 
  some of it , of course , is exactly what it appears to be -- genuine arguments made by parties with conflicting interests . 
  a lot of it , though ( on the state level in particular ) , is political gaming that plays on the public 's shallow understanding of the issues . 
  the best example i can think of is probably the trope about unions `` making it difficult to fire bad teachers . '', 
  what the union actually does is ensure that no one is fired for manufactured or arbitrary reasons , and that the district adheres to the requirements of state law and the contract when it seeks to fire one of its members . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with this . 
  in fact , it 's extremely important when teachers are subject to conflicting interests and demands made by students , parents , the district , individual administrators , the state , and the public at large . 
  if someone complains that a `` bad teacher '' ca n't be fired , the real issue is that a ) the district failed to demonstrate that the teacher was actually a `` bad teacher , '' and/or b ) the district failed to follow the provisions of state law and the contract regarding dismissal of a professional employee . 
  but what you most often hear is the highly distilled anecdote about how this-or-that teacher did this-or-that ridiculous thing and still ca n't be fired . 
  it 's rarely that simple . 
  i know this thing is stupidly long now , so i 'll just leave it here . 
  the important thing to remember is that a free and appropriate education is a public burden under the law . 
  there is nothing magic about private competition under these circumstances that would make it ipso facto better than what the public is already doing . 
  again , if you remove specific burdens , there 's no question that a private endeavor would enjoy success in such a circumscribed environment . 
  but those `` special needs '' kids are still the public 's burden , so no , you * absolutely can not * compare private success without this burden to a public system that will always have it . 
  if we turned all the special needs kids over to private enterprise and exempted the public schools from having to fund them , i can tell you right now how things would work out . 
  anyway , that 's it for me . 
  i have to put food on my family . 
  so if i want to move to mexico , i should just avoid the north and the south . 
  what would i have to look forward to in the east and west ? 
  joking aside , as an american who 's never been to mexico , i 'm guessing my impression of the place is similarly skewed to the way europeans sometimes view the u.s. 
  ( i.e. , as a place full of gun-toting , fat , religious racists who would rather die too soon than trust the government to do anything ) . 
  i mean , they 're right , and they 're wrong . 
  i pretty much see mexico as a dangerous place where only money talks -- where power is far more important than justice . 
  i imagine i 'm both right and wrong too , i just do n't know in which ways . 
  i know what you mean , but anything you finish that phrase with will be a noun , unless it 's a gerund , which in such a case would be playing the role of a noun anyway . 
  maybe `` war on [ abstraction ] '' ? 
  this makes perfect sense , thanks . 
  i 've lived in europe and i have family there , so i 'm quite in tune with how perceptions get mixed up between here and there . 
  i know very little about mexico , so i just assume that what i * do * know is nowhere near enough for an informed opinion . 
  the silver lining here is that i 'm aware of my ignorance . 
  unfortunately too many people here in the u.s. are not . 
  i really wish more people here would see how things are in other countries -- both the good and the bad . 
  that way we 'd know what we actually have a right to be proud of , as well as what we really , really need to improve . 
  haha , thanks . 
  they should put your comment on tourism posters for travel agencies . 
  of course , yeah . 
  it 's one of those things you know that does n't really change anything , because the knowledge is n't there to fill in the gaps . 
  i think you 've just hit upon something that could be the beginning of a fresh new political party .
