  the crime rate has actually declined significantly ! '', 
  i found that response strange , and i find yours strange , because nobody said anything about crime rates . 
   the last thing we need to do is to scare the population into thinking that there 's a psychopathic killer lurking around every corner, 
  this is precisely the strawman you 're arguing against . 
  again , strangely , you seem worried about people interpreting things in a way that only you ( and only hypothetically ) are interpreting them . 
  i find it strange that you 're responding to a real problem with an expression of worry over a non-problem . 
   i strongly disagree . 
  it has not always been the rule . 
  it has been the rule for a long time , but the problem seems to be even more pronounced today than it was even 30 years ago . 
  your impressions are your impressions . 
  i remember crime being the major media focus of the early 90s -- particularly with regard to `` superpredator teens . '', 
  i have also seen plenty of media reports in recent years calling attention to the declining crime rate . 
  cheers !, 
  i do n't have a complete answer , but my understanding is that turks were invited into the country to fill gaps in the labor pool during the postwar period . 
  the caricature ticket \u2122, 
  not sure about that . 
  it sounds more like a measure that puts people 's information within russian jurisdiction , so russian authorities can have access to it without jumping through international hurdles . 
  but that 's just how it comes off to me . 
  i do n't really know much about the subject beyond what 's here . 
  thanks . 
  your point is clear enough and i think it 's a valid critique of the information . 
  the only thing i 'd add is that it merely points to an unanswered question . 
  as i said in my comment , we 'd really have to apply * whatever * metric to both the past and the present to determine the presence or absence of an upward trend . 
  from my own anecdotal perspective , an upward trend indeed exists . 
  ( fwiw ) whether every example counted * ought * to be so classified is another matter -- but again , as long as the same metric is applied across time , it should n't harm the conclusions . 
  sounds at least as good as ramen . 
  i agree with a lot of what 's here , and maybe something that takes some of these notions into account would be a good stepping stone toward having a society where people do n't have an inherent sense of the need to arm themselves with deadly force . 
  you 're not allowed to make this point . 
  the guardians of free speech have spoken . 
  hey , guys :, 
  i was trying to find a conversation , but i got lost in here and i ca n't find my way out . 
  there was this one thing about a toaster , then somebody pulled the ol' reddit switcheroo and i was knee deep in furries . 
  i beat feet out of there , only to find myself wading through buttcoins and shit-tons of drama , until i found you guys . 
  can somebody point me to something spirited but friendly ? 
  not necessarily an argument -- just a conversation . 
  i * need a fucking conversation , please . 
  dickheads will ruin actual free speech . 
  i 'll have to ox you what you meant by that , unless you meant yolk . 
  is that like when temples appear spontaneously ? 
  same thing , dude . 
  it 's like jackdaws and crows . 
  twatter \u2122, 
  bart ehrman has written a number of excellent books about biblical scholarship . 
  very accessible and absolutely fascinating . 
  edit : forgot to mention , he 's a real biblical scholar himself , of course , and he has an interesting bio . 
   latvia ( a rouge part of the ussr, 
  i thought the ussr was * all * red . 
  you know it 's a new day when someone has to qualify his comment to make it clear that he 's not besmirching satanism . 
  seems like a good reason to hold off on doing that windows 10 upgrade for a bit . 
  i 'd love to know what they 've built into it . 
  i think the concept is essentially the same . 
  usage is just different . 
  also , i think the term hivemind has fallen out of favor here for the most part . 
   / r/circlejerk is the most content fresh subreddit . 
  i agree , but they also beat old stuff to death long after it 's ceased to be a thing . 
  ( the use of `` le '' is a case in point . ), 
  still a really fun sub with some clever satire at times . 
  sometimes when i 'm in there i just think about how crazy the place would look to an outsider . 
  now , who the heck downvoted this guy ? 
  wow actual redditors in my area . 
  i figured this would be a virtually reddit-free zone . 
  he was a vegetarian . 
  could be myths associated with that fact , but it 's true that hitler did not eat meat for most of his adult life . 
  same here . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't have specific links at the moment , but do n't give up on the idea . 
  there are resources out there for adapting dobs for tracking . 
  i 've been looking into some of them recently . 
  as someone who just got his feet wet with vba , i think i 'll just go kill myself now . 
  well that was interesting . 
  and confusing . 
  may i go back to thinking that the king and queen are just a married couple in a castle , now , please ? 
  i 'll skip the kansas trip myself . 
  but the sun filter idea is pretty cool . 
  when i was a kid i had a little screw-in thing for the eyepiece . 
  the thing i have now is full aperture . 
  what a difference !, 
  it ran me a little over $ 100 , so i 'm guessing you should be able to find one for a 10 '' at under $ 150 . 
  well , lawnmowers get hot , so there 's that . 
  okay , i did n't expect such a quick response , so i 'll just add that for example , hitting `` download in background '' requires a wait almost as long as some games used to require when they downloaded right away . 
  it used to be fast , which makes sense , * because you just said do it in the background . 
  * and going from page to page is like reading a pdf server side or whatever metaphor works . 
  ok , got ta go . 
  thanks for the input . 
  that 's good redditing . 
  that 's good captioning . 
  dude , consider yourself lucky . 
  i got a plastic cat . 
  thanks for this advice !, 
  i totally agree . 
  i used to go zip , zip , right to the stuff i wanted to check . 
  now i have to wade through a shit-ton of marketing to even find my category . 
  i do n't know how accurate that commenter 's information is , but even if accepted at face value , it 's not referring to anything other than being * accepted * into med school . 
  once in med school , the requirements for achievement would be the same for everyone admitted , and once the program is finished , the requirements for licensure would be the same for everyone . 
  getting in is only one step in the process , and there 's no affirmative action for actually earning a degree or qualifying for a license . 
  edit : not sure why you deleted , but here 's the reply i wrote in the meantime :, 
   i ca n't speak to the medical aspect specifically , but i 've been on committees for reviewing grad school applicants and i know that state requirements for licensure of any kind are wholly neutral . 
  it 's comparing apples to oranges , really . 
   affirmative action is a largely misunderstood concept , mainly because it involves some counterintuitive aspects . 
  but generally it 's not a simple matter of lowering the bar for a given group . 
  it 's just one aspect of a decision-making process that nevertheless seeks to find highly qualified people .
