  it 's a weird thing , but i ca n't avoid reacting to any genuine selfless , benevolent acts of one person toward another ( or depictions of such acts on television or in movies ) . 
  i 've become so cynical over the years , it just kills me to witness an act of compassion , even if it 's a fictional portrayal . 
  this is going to seem a bit contemporary next to all of the `` legendary '' references , but in that episode of the walking dead , when rick saw the others come out of the building with the baby and his wife was n't with them , his reaction was one of the most moving bits of acting i 've ever witnessed . 
  suspend judgment . 
  try to understand the other guy . 
  yes indeed . 
  a trip to oz for the both of you !, 
  thank you for sharing this moving story . 
  even if the guy had been guilty , the consequences are too much . 
  as it was put in another comment further down , this country wants people to suffer interminably for mistakes they made early in life . 
  what happened to your friend is twice as bad , but the guilty do n't deserve to have that stuff follow them forever either . 
  how appropriate that i already had [ this ] ( http://redd.it/1dazje ) made up . 
  did n't get much attention , but it 's the truth . 
  i was in some kind of public service commercial with governor dukakis when i was in elementary school . 
  chuck palahniuk 's `` guts , '' which you can find [ here ] ( http://chuckpalahniuk.net/features/shorts/guts ) . 
  there are have been over 70 incidents of people passing out during public readings of this . 
  it 's part of his novel * haunted * . 
  [ this ] ( http://redd.it/1dazje ) , during a little wave of such posts . 
  i thought it was pretty funny , and it 's absolutely true , but it fizzled . 
  i did n't expect it to get upvoted like crazy , but the downvotes confused me . 
  the life of brian, 
  one might call it getting fired , but i think technically i still work for mcdonalds . 
  it was 26 years ago . 
  i got a ticket for running a red light on a motorcycle i was n't licensed to drive . 
  it was $ 104 . 
  so my high school friend needed someone to take his shift , and i jumped at the chance because i needed to pay off that ticket . 
  as it happened , the register i worked that day turned up 103 dollars and some odd cents short . 
  i was called to the back room during my next shift , and there was a cop there . 
  they accused me of taking the money ( i absolutely did not ) and , since i would n't admit to it , put me on `` suspension '' until the `` matter was resolved . '', 
  they never called me back . 
  i still have the uniform , and it really , really does n't fit . 
  guess i should check in too . 
  there 's a scene ? 
  for me , once the seattle grunge thing dissolved , the whole thing devolved into a free-for-all . 
  no `` scene '' defines itself for me after that . 
  but maybe that 's just when i stopped paying attention . 
  totally took my answer . 
  i 've always thought this . 
  i was about 14 and used to ride the train from my dad 's house , where i lived , to my mother 's house in another state , where she and my siblings lived . 
  i had a couple of weird things happen , but the weirdest was when i ended up sitting next to a well-to-do middle-age man who owned a * massive * sailboat in massachusetts . 
  he invited me to be part of his crew for a summer-long journey down the atlantic coast . 
  i told my family and we actually visited the guy ( in retrospect , it baffles me that we went so far , but it was the mid-80s , if that makes a difference ) , but we declined . 
  i 'm afraid i could have become a real ship 's mate if you know what i mean . 
  turned 18 in basic training . 
  what a party . 
  optimism . 
  influence and substantive , to name a couple . 
  comfortably numb . 
  hard as it is to miss the meaning of this song , i 've known a number of people to interpret the lyrics as if the singer were portraying his condition favorably . 
  unless it 's for a brief request for clarification , i go batshit when people interject when i 'm in the middle of articulating a thought . 
  my sentences have commas , and people increasingly have no patience for commas in speech . 
  thank god i never had a thing for semicolons . 
  seems like a lot of people are recommending their favorite stuff , whether it has existential significance or not . 
  my recommendation covers both bases , though : kurt vonnegut . 
  try * slaughterhouse five * , * cat 's cradle * . 
  * breakfast of champions * if you want to share in * his * existential crisis . 
  i am useless at home improvement , both from a motivational standpoint and that of skill . 
  as long as his diabeetus does n't get in the way . 
  megan 's, 
  galaxy . 
  ftfy . 
  sorry , i 'm a fan as well . 
  slaughterhouse five , of course . 
  but galapagos is near and dear too . 
  he actually would seem believable in that role . 
  anthony weiner , it should be clear by now . 
  when people are completely unwilling to acknowledge any validity in a point with which they disagree . 
  it 's just hyperbole and a downvote , like something you 'd see on fox news . 
  i 'm just really impressed that my cat knows his name . 
  taking a six-figure income for granted . 
  since someone already mentioned dropping the kids off at the pool , i feel it 's my duty to add `` taking the browns to the superbowl . '', 
  they really , really could n't stop fighting each other . 
  [ why do all these homosexuals keep sucking my cock ? 
  ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/why-do-all-these-homosexuals-keep-sucking-my-cock,10861/ ), 
  jumping off the roof of a detached garage . 
  at 10 , good fun . 
  at 42 , inadvisable . 
  i do n't hang up . 
  i just ask them to wait while i [ put my brother on the phone ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dy9lujjgqi ) . 
  [ my pillow ] ( http://www.mypillow.com/my-pillow-premium/standard-queen-mypillow-premium.html ) . 
  saw an infomercial about this thing about a month ago . 
  the `` host '' told her story about getting this pillow for her kids , and how she feels like a better mom because of it , fighting back tears the whole time . 
  it was unbelievable . 
  but probably a necessary tactic for selling a pillow for 90 bucks . 
  i would gently point out the futility of the scratching gestures my declawed cat makes several times a day , and ask her if she 'd like to talk about it . 
  since i 'm not gon na spend the money to find out , perhaps an askreddit is in order . 
  saw that thing years ago and it still cracks me up when i think about it . 
  `` wow , '' without an exclamation point . 
  ca n't tell if the listener is subdued , or bored . 
  model k-mart clothes . 
  was n't peewee 's playhouse kind of dark and eerie from beginning to end ? 
  sovereign . 
  do n't ignore the other stuff on that album . 
  titles escape me , but i pretty much like that new album . 
  it 's more than i would have expected from a reunion effort . 
  i would n't use as strong a word as `` sucked , '' but there was definitely something missing . 
  and part of me suspects that it had less to do with getting off drugs than with the fact that they began working with hit-making collaborators . 
  saw him in hershey a few months ago and it took several songs for him to graduate from grunts to growls , to the accompaniment of very same-sounding rockabilly background music . 
  i was passing a less-than-completely-honestly-marked state police car at about 75 mph in ohio , and did n't realize who it was until i was halfway past . 
  so i completed the pass and pulled in front of him .
