  you came across just fine . 
  and just to be clear : civility is encouraged here , too , culturally . 
  but politically charged topics are too hot to touch in many school systems , so our experience with serious debate comes largely from radio and cable television , where shows are tailored to an audience whose opinions are already formed and nobody is really trying to `` learn '' anything . 
  thank you . 
  and i did n't intend to communicate that american political discussion is unique . 
  but as someone who can only speak to what goes on here ( with any real substance , anyway ) , that 's the comparison i made . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  but i 'll take that any day over the anger , shouting , red herrings , and overall dishonesty we 've become accustomed to in the u.s. 
  well , then . 
  speaking of civility . 
  since i am american myself ( by birth and by culture ) i 'm not sure why you think i would look forward to doing such a thing . 
  there are many things in american history and culture i am quite proud of . 
  but we have no shortage of cheerleaders here . 
  moreover , i see no value in pretending there 's no room for improvement . 
  the things we do well , we do well because at some point we were able to identify a way to do them better than we had in the past . 
  you ca n't do this by convincing yourself that you 're already great . 
  if you believe that everything about the united states is beyond criticism then you are contributing to our inability to overcome the things that genuinely ought to be criticized . 
  few people , if any , have become great through praise alone . 
  yeah , well . 
  this is a sub meant to * criticize * the circlejerk phenomenon , right ? 
  just checking . 
  because i thought fair punishment was kind of a normal , desirable thing in a modern democratic society . 
  fair punishment for fair crime is not how it works , i 'm afraid . 
  crime is , with few exceptions , inherently unfair . 
  i mean , most of the time it 's probably not fair to shoot someone in the face , but it 's still a good idea to want a fair sentence for someone who does . 
  you know , it 's like so many other things : people will get different signals from the exact same message . 
  yesterday there was a thread about a dutch program where the three female muslim hosts `` interrogated '' a guest -- a well-known comedian over there -- after he did a joke that was insulting to muslims . 
  overall i found the interaction civil and productive , in fact remarkably so . 
  many people agreed . 
  but many did n't . 
  the ones who did n't for the most part were using a different basis of comparison than i was . 
  i measured it against what i see typically on political shows in the u.s. . other people measured it against a more objective standard of civility or what they 're used to in their own societies . 
  let me pull from that quote : `` obviously it 's totally shitty what he did . 
  least a child predator got caught . '', 
  i see these phrases as intentional qualifiers . 
  i have n't seen the full context of the exchange , but as i see the comment i would paraphrase it this way : `` i 'm not trying to defend his behavior , but see what happens when you come clean about something like this ? 
  people really jump your shit . 
  that 's a different take . 
  and it 's admittedly harmed by the * do n't ever confess * tone , but i think it 's closer to what he meant when you consider the whole thing . 
  anyway , sorry for the wall of text . 
  i really only wanted to address your `` fair '' comparison . 
  but your response was better than what i 'm used to seeing on reddit so i figured the words would n't be wasted . 
  same here , because they made gluten dirt cheap and now it 's all i eat . 
  you can safely double that number . 
  right . 
  gregor mendel . 
  recessive genes and whatnot . 
  how do you know what i eat ? 
  okay , if i 'm honest , i do put honey on it from time to time . 
  sometimes you just need something to jazz it up . 
  this sub has a mol , guys . 
  bahaha , i did n't know anyone was still saying that . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does make guys grow breasts , though . 
  holy shit . 
  i guess i 'm done here . 
  but . 
  but you 're a pretty taco . 
  oh , jesus , it 's so weird to laugh like that in the middle of such an immensely depressing thread . 
  i suppose it would depend entirely on your aim . 
  reminds me of carlin 's take on the phrase `` it 's the quiet ones you got ta watch . '', 
  this is interesting . 
  i think it really speaks to the power of subjective experience , though . 
  i do n't wish to detract from this perspective , and i ca n't speak for all men of course , but i think that few men would realize this unless it were spelled out for them . 
  ( outside of a well defined description of objectification , anyway . ), 
  and i do n't mean to drag out the old `` men are visual '' apology , but form * is * a highly influential component of attraction for us , and i can see how misunderstandings could occur where men are conflating worship of the body with worship of the person and women are better able to see that that 's what 's going on . 
  from what i 've gathered , women do like to have their bodies appreciated , but when that appreciation occurs i 'm not sure if each party is fully aware of what 's going on in the mind of the other . 
  it 's okay , i was just goofing , but that 's not easy to see in plain text sometimes . 
  especially two words of plain text . 
  come to think of it , it 's not always clear to people in person when i 'm joking . 
  but hey , thanks for the link . 
  i believe i 've actually read some of the pearl years ago . 
  well you surprised * me * and i do n't even know you . 
  and perhaps that 's a corollary of your point ( the one you actually made , not the one i thought you made ) . 
  but okay , i understand now . 
  so thanks for the clarification . 
  and for the imagery . 
  thanks for that too . 
  you have to go where the mattress deals are * in-sane . 
  as our second eye grants us visual depth , this view is like a `` third eye '' that provides us depth of understanding . 
  already plenty of good replies here , but to dovetail on the reply from / u/illtwinkleyourstar , i 'll just say that for americans the very idea of being able to study in a foreign country in their own language is thrilling to say the least . 
  i certainly understand and actually agree with your point in general . 
  i just think that for many americans , who for various reasons are already at disadvantage when it comes to foreign languages , learning a language like german on a level suitable for academics is terrifying . 
  i 've been married to a german for 24 years . 
  not long after we moved to the u.s. she enrolled in school and not only survived , but excelled . 
  my german is good enough for following conversations ( and participating when the other participants have a modicum of patience ) , but even at my level of comfort and experience with the language i 'm doubtful i could achieve the same success my wife did if the situation were reversed . 
  wow , that 's the equivalent of over 200 cmv deltas . 
  yeah , there seems to be some misunderstanding of what is meant by dark humor . 
  top comment is on the mark , though . 
  yeah , this stinks to high heaven of bullshit . 
  the tone of the interaction is as juvenile as it is unrealistic . 
  if people can at least learn to make this distinction it would be a great starting point toward dealing with this issue rationally . 
  i was watching a bit on the daily show the other day where they were making fun of russians who conflated homosexuality with pedophilia -- something that seems obviously wrong to us today but is n't terribly far from ideas that were part of mainstream american culture in the past . 
  so much of the satire and sarcasm employed in that bit could apply to our ideas about child sexual abuse and pedophilia . 
  i have no problem with the idea that a pedophile is more likely than a non-pedophile to abuse a child , but this does n't mean that all of them do , or will . 
  moreover , regarding sex offenses generally , we do n't know that an adult who has engaged sexually with a minor is * necessarily * any kind of `` phile '' any more than we know that people who have had homosexual encounters are actual homosexuals . 
  if we 're really interested in dealing with sexual abuse in a productive way then we need to get away from facile labels and apply ourselves more to understanding why people offend . 
  this is not to say that the stereotypical pedophile does n't exist . 
  of course he ( usually he ) does . 
  it 's just unproductive to apply that stereotype generally . 
  i think people often talk past one another in these discussions , and that sometimes people read more into a comment than the commenter meant to say .
