  and then i remember that a house costs half as much here as it does there and i feel better again . 
  i really have nothing against nj . 
  i have great friends who live there and you 're right , there 's lots of stuff to do . 
  i just do n't know how anyone can afford to live there . 
  or move there , let 's say . 
  i ca n't answer for him , but answering for myself i can tell you that while streaming is adequate for a lot of routine viewing , it does n't come anywhere near physical media in quality , especially with blu-rays . 
  i ca n't cite numbers from memory , but the audio and video bitrates for physical media exceed those typical to streaming by far , and if you 're viewing and listening on a decent system , to say it 's noticeable is an understatement . 
  the fact that there 's no concrete information about this makes me wonder if the news is n't the result of netflix floating a `` trial balloon . '', 
  just a way to help plot their course based on public reaction . 
  the technique is sometimes used in politics so it would n't surprise me if it 's done in business . 
  the station is a business , of course , and the talking heads on the news represent the station in a sense ( that is , in the same way a celebrity spokesperson represents the company that makes whatever product they endorse ) . 
  once a person has tarnished the station 's image the way this broadcaster did , the station has no choice , from a business standpoint , but to jettison that poisonous element . 
  not to mention the crassness of the statement itself . 
  it 's just not the same as a person expressing an opinion privately in a `` normal '' work setting . 
  of course , we 're also talking about a private business making a business decision . 
  the only way to prevent such a thing from happening is through government regulation , i suppose . 
  the boss cares about the station 's business interests , and those interests would be harmed by keeping this guy on the air . 
  is that how it went down , though ? 
  did he say `` boy , the cost of public assistance is becoming a problem '' ? 
  if he 'd said that , i doubt people would be so appalled . 
  never mind that the point is a political one that is subject both to distortion and debate . 
  you 're right , except for the part about it not being about the `` bad '' word . 
  it 's about that too . 
  it 's not a matter of whether the public is really offended by that word , but rather the fact that you ca n't broadcast it on television . 
  even if it was an accident , it 's easy to argue that the anchor is culpable . 
  well , okay . 
  hyperbole . 
  i get it . 
  so , bringing it down a notch or two , what you 'd probably see instead are advertisers pulling their sponsorship so as not to be associated with a station that would tolerate such a thing , as well as public pressure that would bring negative attention to the station and more than likely escalate the issue to the point where the station would have to dedicate resources to dealing with that attention . 
  so they have a choice between dealing with that or getting rid of the guy who caused the problem . 
  numerous stories have been floated in the news ( and consequently , here ) about objective measures that were used to gauge how well informed the respective audiences of various news outlets are . 
  the fox news audience trails every time . 
  this is a red flag for shitty journalism . 
  it 's important to remember that `` boomers '' ca n't be easily generalized . 
  part of the reason so many people speak about them as if they had a unified voice is that the counterculture narrative dominated in time . 
  there were many conservatives around , too , and * they * mocked and feared the cultural changes that were taking place , the same way they 're doing it today . 
  this group , i think , is the core fox news demographic . 
  do you believe that every case of someone above the age of consent having sex with someone under the age of consent is ipso facto one where psychological and emotional manipulation was involved ? 
  you know , i do n't want to apologize for a manipulator or victimizer any more than anyone else , but part of the problem with our collective attitude about this topic is that we make assumptions about the kind of person who does this sort of thing when we do n't * really * have the knowledge to make such assumptions . 
  we imagine a calculating person who sees underage victims as low-hanging fruit and uses a combination of trickery and force to get what he ( usually he ) wants . 
  and i do n't doubt that plenty of this type of perpetrator exist . 
  but when we take for granted that everyone who commits this or that specific act can be so described , we fashion remedies that are wholly unjust when applied to some people . 
  it 's not just bad for the perpetrators ( who , i feel it necessary to state clearly , ought to be punished and/or treated in a just way , as circumstances dictate ) , but it 's also bad for society , because it means that we 're comfortable with prejudice , which we should n't be if we 're actually living up to the ideals we espouse . 
  edit : hey , single downvoter , do you care to substantiate your objection or are you content to say `` nah , it 's not right . 
  i can feel it in my gut . 
  you ca n't say things like `` bury the person under the prison '' and then complain about having to defend the idea of `` not fucking your students '' when people push back at your obtuse position . 
  you make a valid point , but you leave no room for circumstances or facts unique to a given case . 
  if i say we should cut off the right hand of anyone who steals , i should n't be surprised if people object to my barbarism . 
  nor should i protest with a rhetorical , whiny lament that people have to be told `` stealing is wrong . '', 
  now here 's a thought : * what if * that sense of shame and/or regret were exacerbated , if not wholly caused , by society 's expectations concerning what a person should feel in these circumstances ? 
  what if we did n't attach so much shame to sexual behavior in general ? 
  why is shame something so many of us assume a person in that girl 's circumstances * should * feel ? 
  orrrr someone who does n't think too critically about emotionally charged topics . 
  somehow , when one person ends another person 's life , we 're able to take a number of factors into account before we pass judgment . 
  and somehow , when it comes to this topic , the circumstances of the case do n't matter . 
  i 'm an adult who understands that you do n't touch kids , just like you are . 
  but i also understand that when we apply a blanket label to a given category of behavior without regard to the circumstances under which that behavior occurred , we 're embracing prejudice . 
  i remember when it was still okay to see this as a bad thing . 
  sure , i agree with this completely . 
  and i would never argue that having the age established this way or that is * the * absolute right answer . 
  my argument is that culturally we foster an environment that is unbearable for both the perpetrator * and * the victim . 
  we declare the perpetrator a worthless sack of flesh before we even consider any of the particulars in a case , and we constantly remind the victim that she ( or he ) is a victim who * ought * to feel crushing shame and trauma from the experience . 
  do n't get me wrong ( and thank you for not getting me wrong the first time ) , i 'm not arguing that such sentiments are never legitimate . 
  i just think we should take a look at the attitudes we have toward cases like this culturally ( and toward sex in general ) when we talk about the people involved . 
  thanks for the rundown of the case . 
  my comment was n't really aimed at the particulars of this case , so i do n't wish to make any sweeping statements about it specifically . 
  i mean only to say that we speak with such certainty about the shame a victim experiences when these types of things happen , without considering that `` we '' ( culturally ) are the source of that shame . 
   edit : wow downvotes for not defending a man who fucked his 14 year old student, 
  for the record , i did n't even downvote you , but i think it 's important to draw a distinction between what you 're saying and what really happened . 
  i would normally think you 'd be able to see the distinction yourself , but it does n't appear that way . 
  you were n't downvoted for `` not defending a man who fucked his 14 year old student . '', 
  you were downvoted because you made glib statements about him and anyone else in his circumstances . 
  you declared certain things to be fact without justification . 
  take the statement `` he is a predator . '', 
  when people throw the word `` predator '' around the way you did it cheapens the word 's real meaning . 
  a predator stalks his prey and sees the victim as an object . 
  if you want to make the point that a girl like the one in this story ca n't meaningfully consent ( which is n't necessarily a fact , although it 's a reasonable point to argue ) , then you 're working with a defensible position and can participate in a civil discussion . 
  when you say that the perpetrator 's behavior is no different from that of a person who stalks , physically and psychologically intimidates , beats , and forcibly rapes his victim , you 're wilfully ignoring facts that ought not to be ignored in a just society . 
  i 'm not nitpicking your comment to be jerky , because i believe i understand your point , but just to be clear , op was satirically attempting to be * less * partisan in his remarks , and those remarks were n't `` straw men '' so much as they were mockeries ( i.e. , satire ) . 
  a straw man argument would involve , for example , a claim that conservative policies would result in the rise of a killer straw man , and a rant about why killer straw men are bad for the country . 
  what op did was the literary equivalent of using caricature to exaggerate a person 's features in a way that makes them look ridiculous . 
  well , the good news is , you did n't fan the flame . 
  your response is reasonable . 
  but i do n't think op intended to be inflammatory . 
  he made his politics clear by mocking conservative policy preferences , but his tone was light and the remarks were n't the focus of his post . 
  the equivalent going the other way might look something like this :, 
  `` do you believe that people are n't capable of thinking for themselves , and that they need a big nanny in washington to tell them how they should and should n't behave ? 
  if you think we should tax politically incorrect speech and use the money to pay for kindergarten sex education , you need to vote ! '', 
  the lack of nuance is intentional . 
  you make a fair case for the behavior 's seriousness and for the need to address it as such , with full consideration given to the power dynamic and betrayal of public trust . 
  but you offer nothing to justify its equivalency with the physical violence of forcible rape . 
  that equivalency is a legal construct and nothing more . 
  it 's there to relieve the state of the burden of having to prove that a perpetrator was being manipulative or acting with malice . 
  holy crap , you had me until the last two words of your comment . 
  listen :, 
  i have no quarrel with you or with your distaste for what that man did . 
  my issue is with the assumptions people make about people who commit these acts . 
  we like to assume that perpetrators have perfect knowledge and that victims are hapless . 
  you know , victims . 
  but i guess i 'm drawing on one of the `` big revelations '' that came with achieving adulthood ( a while ago , in case it 's relevant ) , namely , that there 's no magic enlightenment that comes with sitting around while the earth revolves around the sun .
