  it 's not that it 's more expensive , they 're just using canadian dollars . 
  sorry if i 'm stating the obvious . 
  the comment just struck me as a misunderstanding . 
  edit : nope . 
  misunderstanding is right here . 
  right here on me . 
  ah , yes . 
  i see i totally missed the point . 
  durr . 
  this is exactly what i think about 220 lines . 
  why the hell would they reinvent the wheel and come up with separate plugs for 110 and 220 vac in the u.s. ? 
  i get so pissed when i bring my toaster to the laundry room and all i can find are those stupid , fat receptacles . 
  people do n't often realize that regulations usually are the result of something unforeseen going terribly wrong . 
  i 'm sure there 's overkill at times , but it 's probably because of x-too-many injuries happening during this or that operation , and someone saying * fuck it , everyone wears a fluorescent beanie from now on * or whatever . 
  i 'm sure it sounds ridiculous to anyone who does n't see aggregate accident reports . 
  what / u/humanityextension said is correct , but a circlejerk is also that thing where a bunch of guys stand together with one guy beating off the guy next to him until a circle is formed . 
  so it depends on what you 're looking for . 
  i 'm pretty sure both versions can be found on reddit , so you 're probably in the right place either way . 
  sjw is already a meaningless term that itself is easily ridiculed . 
  anyone who uses it without irony looks like a child . 
  it 's basically become a synonym for `` liberal '' or `` leftist '' by now because it 's applied so broadly . 
  if someone uses it in a debate with me i get instantly happy because i feel like i 'm dealing with a fool . 
  except when you 're in an anti-circlejerking sub and find a massive circlejerk taking place and you say * hey , what 's with all the circlejerking going on in an anti-circlejerking sub ? 
  * just wanted to clarify that . 
  i remember it too , and i remember seeing his comments in political subreddits . 
  my impression is that his claim to be an engineer is genuine , and that his engineering expertise makes him feel qualified to speak with authority about other things . 
  this may be a telling event for americans . 
  if google is behaving abusively in europe , where privacy and consumer laws are generally stronger than in the u.s. , what are they getting away with in the united states , where the system is built around protecting their interests to begin with ? 
  i 'd love to know how so . 
  please explain . 
  i expected someone to come along and say this , actually . 
  see , they 're being charged with antitrust in europe . 
  that 's the story . 
  this is after a long period of discussion on the matter . 
  here , we do n't even have an investigation . 
  this is my point . 
  if they 're pushing their luck in a place where something like this is more likely to happen , what are they doing in a place where it 's not ? 
  that 's not what the article says , though . 
  it says they 're still looking into that part of it , but right now it 's about this :, 
   the abuse charge focused on accusations that google diverts traffic from its rivals to favor its own products and services , particularly websites for shopping . 
  that led the european commission to issue a set of formal charges , known as a statement of objections . 
  how does this `` not have anything to do with '' the things i mentioned above ? 
  it 's about using its power as a search provider to favor its own services . 
  is google being investigated in the united states for `` diverting traffic from its competitors in favor of its own services '' ? 
  pick whatever statute applies , if any in fact do . 
  i 'm not trained in antitrust law , and i do n't think one needs to be before making the observation i did . 
  my point , again , is that europe is bringing formal charges against google and we 're not . 
  europe is generally tougher on business than we are . 
  they 've been tough on google , too , in the interest of protecting individuals . 
  ( remember the european right to have certain search results about yourself removed ? 
  do we have that right here ? ), 
  so the question is , what is google doing here that we 're giving them a pass on ? 
  again , not the point . 
  i 'm not saying they 're violating any laws here !, 
  maybe they are and maybe they 're not . 
  i 'm saying that europe has identified a behavior that we 're likely tolerating here , and it makes me wonder what else we 're tolerating that perhaps we should n't . 
  why is it so difficult to understand my point ? 
  i can accept having to clarify something , but i do n't think my writing was * so * unclear as to require going over this repeatedly . 
  you do n't need to know jack about u.s. law to make this observation . 
  and no , i do n't know about every investigation . 
  but i know about the one in europe because it was on the front page of the new york times . 
  if such a thing were happening in the u.s. , we 'd know about it . 
  no , you do n't . 
  you only have to look at behavior . 
  for example , europe has much stricter privacy laws than we do . 
  that means less of a european citizen 's information is available for sale than an american citizen 's information is . 
  so if google or anyone else is selling information about americans that would be illegal to collect and sell for europeans , that company is `` getting away '' with doing so * without * breaking any laws in the u.s. 
  just because something is n't illegal here , does n't make it an ipso facto honorable thing . 
  that 's why some things * become * illegal that at one time were not . 
  you seem here to be equating what is legal with what is moral . 
  it 's legal in some countries to block internet traffic altogether . 
  your response here is the equivalent of asking `` well , what law are they breaking ? '', 
  when someone criticizes this practice . 
  sometimes things are legal that should n't be . 
  no , you need a suspicion . 
  and that is again part of my point . 
  if we have no law to suspect google of violating , then what are they getting away with here that they 're being held accountable for in europe ? 
  thank you for helping me find multiple ways to articulate this very , very simple idea . 
  except that i 'm not questioning any law . 
  i 'm making a statement about consumer protection in the united states . 
  and you know that by now . 
  i gave you the benefit of the doubt at first , but it 's clear to me that you 're trolling at this point . 
  i wo n't be goaded into an emotional response . 
  my train stops here . 
  well , the `` if '' at the beginning of the sentence negates the assumption angle , but even without it i would n't call such an assumption `` huge , '' if one is willing to accept that the eu would n't pursue something that is patently frivolous . 
  i wo n't dispute your information . 
  i 've glanced at it and will read it more carefully in a little bit . 
  i will note , however , that your source is google . 
  and that 's fine . 
  google would know about what google does . 
  but it 's also true that google is unlikely to call attention to anything that might damage its case . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing the details of the eu 's case to hold up against this information . 
  i get the joke , but this is not an example of facts having a republican slant . 
  there is nothing `` republican '' about hillary behaving in an entitled , aloof manner . 
  yes , the facts help republicans . 
  but the phrase you 're parodying is n't about the behavior of individual players . 
  it 's about how the world works and how the economy functions . 
  and i say this as a democrat and a so-called `` liberal '' who does not support hillary and will not defend her behavior . 
  no apologies for hillary here . 
  she does more harm than good , and does n't represent the things she 's credited with representing .
