  to reject lending for these tuition hikes '', 
  so wait . 
  the cost of education goes up , and boomer financiers are in collusion because * they do n't reject requests for loans ? 
  * understand something : i 'm not a fan of the high cost of education . 
  i 'm not a fan of student loans over direct subsidizing of higher education . 
  i would vote any day for someone who would forego a few nuclear submarines , fighter jets and bombers to make university education free in the united states . 
  but if the choice is between an expensive education and no education , i 'll take the former . 
  in the meantime , if you want to blame anyone , as i 've said , blame the political/socioeconomic class that makes it practically impossible to get this shit under control . 
  and blame the political culture that allows that class to have such sway in this country . 
  who are you going to blame when the boomers are all dead and a whole bunch of 20-somethings are still out there crying about `` socialism '' and calling taxation `` theft '' ? 
   picking up where our grandparents left off - debt free , exploring space , making peace , calling a spade a spade and bullshit when we see it, 
  what the fuck world do you live in where this is in any way accurate ? 
  when the boomers were in the prime of their lives mortgage rates topped out at 18 and 19 % , and inflation went into double digits . 
  by your logic , they should have decried the horrible excesses and irresponsibility of that shitty , shitty wwii generation for giving them a world where you had to take a loan at 18 % if you wanted a house . 
  and we , today should -- what ? -- * thank * the boomers for our 3.5 % mortgages and inflation rates under 2 % ? 
  oh , and that thing where boomers spent a decade shitting their pants in anxiety over their number being called to get their brains blown out in vietnam -- that was pretty self-indulgent too , i guess . 
  and when you consider that 50,000 of them ultimately did get snuffed out in a failed war that was fought for the bogus `` domino theory '' created by * their * parents , you might begin to see why some of the survivors might take issue with your generalization , whereby the people who pulled the strings in * their * lives were `` making peace '' and `` calling a spade a spade . '', 
  so put yourself in the shoes of a boomer who got his dick blown off in vietnam and then came home to a country where prices were rising at a rate that hovered around 10 % , where buying a home required taking a loan at over 15 % , where the economy was stagnating and gasoline was being rationed , and then tell me again how the `` self-indulgence '' of that generation made your college bills high , how those high bills are worse than living in fear of ( or actually ) having your number called to kill or be killed in a jungle , and how it 's somehow exclusively that generation 's fault . 
  edit : clarity . 
  i believe we are on the same side as well . 
  and i 've been guilty of making unfair generalizations myself . 
  it 's not a rare thing for people to do . 
  but i take exception to any effort made to pin behaviors or universal characteristics to an entire group of people born between an arbitrary set of dates . 
  ( i also have a bit of a problem with the accepted range of birth dates for boomers . 
  the idea , of course , is that men came home from wwii and started families . 
  how someone born in 1964 fits this description is a mystery to me . 
  my wife was born that year and her parents were toddlers when the war ended . ), 
  i mean , imagine some kid in 2030 pointing to you and saying '' * your * generation spent our money invading iraq ! '', 
  i would wholeheartedly support your decision to politely tell that kid to go fuck himself . 
  i 'm a veteran as well ( 89-93 ) , and while the first gulf war gave me a big dose of `` this is what armies do , dummy , '' at least i joined voluntarily . 
  i do n't think either of us can fully relate to the anxiety young boomers had to experience , knowing that they could be tossed into vietnam against their will at any time . 
  thanks . 
  it 's an aphorism , of course , but i kinda like it myself . 
  dude , i think * this * comment should be linked back around to the front of this sub . 
  that summarizes so well what i 've come to learn since being here this past year and a half or whatever , only without the formality of the precise terms you 've used here . 
  i 'm familiar with the most well known fallacies , but every time i see a site or a book devoted to explaining them the list seems to expand . 
  it 's as if new ones come out every year , like hummels . 
  anyway , considering that as time goes on society increasingly appears to do its `` business '' in the virtual world ( at least to me ) , your summary deserves its own category . 
  thanks . 
  i would love to know why any company with a lot of employees would want to be located there , then . 
  that 's just an incredible amount of money to have to lay out for a * rental * -- by the standards i 've become accustomed to , anyway . 
  i 'm in central pa and our four-bedroom house costs us about $ 1,200 per month , and that 's with a 20-year mortgage and taxes and insurance rolled into it . 
  so out here , $ 40,000 a year is n't * impressive * , but it works just fine for a lot of people . 
  in my opinion about $ 70,000 would be a pretty good -- even a very good -- professional salary here . 
  i ca n't imagine a company would attract very talented people in sf for salaries like that if such a huge portion of it would have to go to having a roof over your head . 
  so how does the logic work whereby a largish company would say `` yeah , this will cost us $ x million more per year than if we were to run it in , say , delaware , but it 'll be totally worth it '' ? 
  i appreciate the response , but it 's really just reinforcing the premise . 
  a person with equal talent could live better on less pay in a lot of other locations , so it would seem like a win-win situation to me if the company could spend less on personnel while that lower dollar amount provides more value overall for the employee . 
  the reply below seems to fill in some of the gaps , but it still seems puzzling to me that the cost/benefit checks out , because as i said , it would n't * just * be good for the employer to locate where the dollar stretches more . 
  i suppose the location itself plays a big role . 
  i 've never been to sf , so i would n't know . 
  but i can relate in a different context . 
  my immediate area is n't a very exciting or culturally rich place , but i 'm close enough to philly , new york , and the places i love in the northeast generally for my taste . 
  so if someone told me i could live and work in kansas for 25 % less pay , though that pay might give me 25 % more purchasing power , my only reply would be `` yeah , but i do n't want to live in kansas . '', 
  thanks . 
  yeah , it makes more sense when i give proper weight to the somewhat less tangible things like that . 
  it seems to be largely a matter of where your head is . 
  i appreciate all of the stuff you mentioned , but i 'm content to have it accessible more remotely than would be satisfying to many people -- particularly young , talented ones who came to have a higher expectation for the immediate presence of these things than i have . 
  got it . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  this helps me put it in perspective . 
  and , well , depending on what you 're looking for down the road , you at least know that if you want to bail out down the road you can get a good price for your property and apply it in a less expensive location . 
  and good luck with those kids over the next decade or so . 
  i 'm 43 and i have an empty nest already . 
  i think i 'm better informed now than before in the ways of parenting , but i simply do n't have the patience anymore for raising teenagers . 
  mine used up all i had !, 
  many parents also accept the idea that certain practices that were common in the past are both frowned upon and in some cases illegal today for good reasons . 
  we do n't allow women to vote today because we 're afraid of being called misogynistic if we do n't . 
  we protect that right because today we consider its prohibition unjust , and today 's society does n't accept the reasons that were given in the past for prohibiting it . 
  i wo n't debate the issue of physical punishment here . 
  i just want to make the point that while some people comply with society 's evolving norms out of fear , the reason those norms evolved in the first place is that a critical mass of people actually believed in and helped bring about the change . 
  edit : clarity . 
  i 'm with you . 
  mine are 29 and 22 . 
  we never had a specific rule about `` bad words '' in the house while they were growing up . 
  we just emphasized a `` time , place , and manner '' standard that made that kind of thing obviously inappropriate in most family settings . 
  i probably said `` do n't talk like that around me '' once or twice or `` you will choose your words differently when you talk to me , '' but we did n't have some kind of ironclad rule . 
  more to the point , though : my kids do sometimes swear around me today , and i never say anything about it . 
  i just maintain my own decorum and i 'm certain it has the effect of toning their language down from what they use among their peers . 
  basically it 's a two-way street . 
  i curse like a sailor when i 'm with my wife and close friends ( not deliberately ; it 's just the way the fucking words come out when i 'm not censoring myself ) , but i do so only rarely when my kids are present . 
  to me it 's just a corollary of the parent-child boundary that in my opinion * ought * to exist . 
  we 're not peers . 
  we can talk honestly and be as close and friend-like as anyone wishes in our interactions , but i 'm still the parent and they 're still the children in the relationship , and to my taste , anyway , using a style of speech that is more fitting among peers erodes that boundary . 
  this may not be the best place to do it , but i 'd like to make a point about the term `` abuse . '', 
  abuse in its purest sense involves a person or group taking advantage of a power imbalance in a manner that is n't proportional to what is called for in a given situation . 
  that 's why coming home drunk and beating my wife to take out my frustrations is abuse , while putting her down as she comes at me with a knife is not . 
  if we keep this idea in mind then we can see how a physically violent act against a child or anyone else ca n't rightly be labeled as abuse out of context . 
  that said , i think it 's still debatable whether that kick to the nuts was a proportional response , but i would n't call it abuse in this situation because the man did n't `` take advantage '' of the power imbalance to inflict pain on the kid . 
  it may not have been * necessary , * but i do n't believe it was abuse . 
  i 'll refute it then . 
  you ca n't compare the average ratings of presidents who have completed their terms to the current or current average rating of a president who has n't and draw many meaningful conclusions from that . 
  the closest proper comparison i see in these sources would be between obama 's current rating and the ratings of other presidents in the second october after reelection . 
  a better comparison would be between averages at this point in their terms , but we do n't have that . 
  anyway , bush at a comparable point in his presidency to obama today had an approval rating of 37 % . 
  so this statement :, 
   i mean , you have to try hard to be worse than bush was , but obama has succeeded . 
  is simply false . 
  actually he did n't imply that at all .
