  if the nsa did n't do what it does , though , german spying would be constrained by their own constitutional privacy protections . 
  ( that 's * why * they collaborate -- to get around their own laws . ), 
  look at the purpose and level of oversight in your second link . 
  i 'm not defending the programs as such , because i do n't know enough about them . 
  but it 's clear that a world of difference exists between the language you chose to use and the way these programs operate in practice . 
  your point is n't wrong , it 's just that people get a pass for sports events . 
  what 's being compared is the sort of general national pride that is common in the u.s. , and the absence of that kind of expression in germany due to the lasting effects of its past . 
  the clearest example is the flag . 
  it 's not that people are ashamed of it or never wave it . 
  it 's that it 's far less common to see private expressions of patriotism over there compared to here . 
  few people put a flag in front of their home as decor , for example . 
  people are n't ashamed of the flag or the country , but they shy away from patriotic expressions that do n't have a context ( such as an international sporting event ) . 
  well , the third could be a problem depending on where you live . 
  and whether you want your kid to learn science . 
  well do n't forget the urban kids . 
  anyway , there 's probably a lot of unfair generalizing that goes on . 
  i can believe that . 
  but we have some places right on our borders that do n't represent the south well . 
  my sister lives in rural maryland and the people i know from there were calling obama a `` sum ' bitch '' before he even won the election or did anything to raise their ire . 
  yeah , it 's not scientific , but that 's how impressions are made . 
  well , you 've defended stand-your-ground , but you 've provided another reason for someone not to want to live here . 
  28 years and you have n't experienced the crushing guilt that comes with eating a cinnabon ? 
  depends on what your threshold is for identifying a problem with a country 's system or national character . 
  extreme right wing groups have to disguise themselves in germany because outright national socialism is against the law . 
  but besides being against the law , it 's an extremely small minority sentiment that is looked down upon by an overwhelming majority of germans . 
  does it exist and find its place in the news there ? 
  absolutely . 
  is it a reason to disparage the country ? 
  hardly . 
  your statement that `` netflix is far superior '' explains why you had to ask the question in the first place . 
  that 's like saying hot dogs are superior to peanut butter and jelly sandwiches . 
  they 're different services with different advantages and disadvantages , and they appeal to people for different reasons . 
  yes , there are similarities . 
  but the important difference is that hulu has a wide range of current programming available the day after it originally airs . 
  if you do n't watch much current programming , i could see why you would prefer netflix . 
  i have hulu for several reasons , but i mostly use it to watch the daily show , colbert , and snl . 
  ( hulu has every episode of snl going back to the 70 's , btw . ), 
  i use netflix for house of cards and a few other shows i was n't into when they originally aired . 
  i hear a lot about the commercials on hulu . 
  i do n't care about that . 
  the service is cheap , the commercials are short , and the content is current . 
  netflix could n't do what hulu does without charging more or including commercials . 
  there 's a whole section for british tv , but not an overwhelming number of british documentaries . 
  the number of documentaries as a whole , however , is impressive . 
  i do n't think `` shall '' sounds pretentious at the beginning of a question , though . 
  others may disagree . 
  good for you , man . 
  i walked away from libertarianism 15 years ago and i have a very hostile relationship with objectivism , but i have to give you credit for acknowledging the importance of something when doing so does n't fit neatly into your politics . 
  the real world is far more complex than any ideology can account for , as far as i 'm concerned , yet it 's hard to get concessions in a discussion because no one wants to weaken his position . 
  so here 's an upvote from a guy who disagrees with your politics . 
  gave up on it before facebook , but i did let my subscription to reason magazine lapse . 
  during desert storm ( or desert shield , i ca n't remember which ) i had to `` guard '' a daycare center with no weapon and no radio . 
  it was freezing out so i had to bundle up real good . 
  i looked like a big ol' stuffed grape leaf , and was about as useful . 
  edit : i was in germany . 
  i 'm not sure you 're making a fair comparison here . 
  the nyc subway serves a high concentration of people over a relatively short distance . 
  amtrak has several routes that only serve a small portion of the population over a great distance . 
  in private hands i could see some of these routes being cut . 
  there 's a public service element to sustaining these routes that i think is a good thing . 
  i 'm also not sure why you think amtrak appeals primarily to well-to-do people . 
  maybe you have data i 'm unaware of , but in my own experience this has n't been the case . 
  when i was a kid and we were dirt poor i used amtrak frequently to travel from ct to md to visit my mother . 
  today my daughter comes home from school in the city ( about 80 miles ) for about 20 bucks . 
  we 're not well-to-do . 
  nor do i think 20 bucks is a lot to pay for that trip . 
  no time to address point for point here , but do you not agree that much of the state 's `` artificial interference '' with the market can be traced to circumstances where the market failed ? 
  or is human suffering due to market conditions not a failure at all , but rather collateral damage we should all just accept ? 
   the moral hazard of socialism eventually overwhelms even the richest countries . 
  not trying to be snarky or sarcastic here , and maybe it 's because i 'm up way past my bedtime , but i ca n't think of a single example of this ever happening . 
  i would n't count the failed communist ventures of the last century because it was n't social spending that made those systems implode , and i would n't count the social democracies that had to rein in spending because to my knowledge none of them abandoned their basic approach to social welfare . 
  i 'm trying to think of a case where generous social spending , and not other factors , overwhelmed a country , and i ca n't . 
  it seems to be working very well in scandinavia , much of europe , and canada . 
   at a time when the obama administration 's irs , benghazi and justice department scandals have understandably damaged americans ' trust in their government, 
  i think he missed the point about what has damaged americans ' trust in their government . 
  i do n't think he was defending the senator so much as explaining how his reply uses semantic sleight of hand to avoid addressing op 's concern meaningfully . 
  i could be wrong , but that 's how i read it . 
  the term is `` open '' vs. `` closed '' primaries . 
  with some caveats , there are about 20 states that allow them . 
  it 's controversial for several reasons , one argument being that it violates people 's freedom of association , another being that non-party members can sabotage the party 's efforts to choose a candidate . 
  i 'm really torn on the issue myself . 
  i do n't disagree with your point , i just ca n't dismiss all of the arguments against the practice . 
   i do n't honestly think there 's much evidence of that at all , actually . 
  or rather , the market `` failure '' can be traced back to some bureaucrat 's arbitrary definition of `` failure . '', 
  so then , when the market permitted the exploitation of children for labor in factories , mines , and sweatshops for over a century , it is incorrect to see this as a failure on the part of the market to fix a problem that private groups had been railing about for almost as long ? 
  what about the abysmal circumstances described in upton sinclair 's * the jungle * ? 
  was it someone 's arbitrary judgment that put the label of failure on the market 's production of slave-like working conditions and meat tainted with shit ? 
  you know , i really do n't have a problem dealing with facts that contradict my worldview , and i think the argument can be made in favor of the market over government intervention for some things -- maybe even many things . 
  but if you ca n't recognize that markets * do fail * in some circumstances to produce conditions that are in a society 's best interest , or conversely , that they sometimes produce conditions that are not , i ca n't help but think that your position is grounded in an ideologically formulated worldview that tortures some inconvenient facts to sustain its purity . 
  i think you made some reasonable points in your reply , but i have a hard time getting past your defense of markets and your dismissive characterization of market failures as something `` arbitrarily '' so deemed by `` some bureaucrat . '', 
  the well studied case of externalities in the field of economics , to give one example , does n't bear this out . 
  beyond that , i just have a hard time with the idea that somehow the market is something that exists outside of government , when government is the entity that makes a so-called free market even possible . 
  government grants and protects property rights , enforces contracts , protects patents and copyrights , and does a lot of other things without which the market does n't exist , or at least does n't thrive . 
  i do n't think that government is the answer to everything , but i do n't find it particularly constructive to demonize all of its interventions . 
  i deny that the current circumstances in europe represent any kind of `` trajectory . '', 
  i think that concept is misleading because it can be manipulated based on your choice of a starting point . 
  for example , i think that the social democracies of scandinavia and europe are on a * fantastic * trajectory , with truly impressive returns on investment , if we start from the immediate post-war period . 
  i also think that europe in particular is still having a hard time with the aftermath of the financial crisis of several years ago , which was n't caused by its social expenditures . 
  nor was the social welfare model abandoned as a result . 
  same here .
