  because if you can get elected governor , somebody has looked at your citizenship . 
  same for a senator . 
  if a person still has doubts , he or she can accept the burden of proving it . 
  it is demeaning to have to answer questions that are not asked of every other candidate . 
  remember john mccain in panama ? 
  well , he was a native-born citizen because his parents were american . 
  if obama * had * been born in kenya , he 'd still be no less american than john mccain , because his mother was american . 
  i appreciate your willingness to recognize that there was an irrational element to the movement . 
  i think that what we see differently from each other is a matter of degree . 
  i think you make an important point here . 
  it 's probably no small matter that when you and i discuss the `` free market , '' we are likely talking about different things . 
  or at least have different ideas about that thing . 
  that said , i have the sense that if we * were * clear on the subject , we 'd still disagree . 
  but that 's another matter . 
  as to the subject of polarization , i think there are clues to an answer in your response . 
  you picked up on my invocation of the term `` free market '' and indicated that it 's a sensitive subject . 
  i can tell you that i do n't have the same reverence for the free market as self-identifying conservatives do , and it 's likely that in any discussion , my irreverence will come off as disrespect . 
  there are also a few tells in your choice of phrasing that can be triggers for me and people who think as i do . 
  for example , when you say `` people who think the solution is to just tax the fuck out of the rich and reallocate the wealth , '' you 're using a common conservative characterization of left-leaning policy preferences that sounds really obtuse to people on my side of the fence . 
  ( remember , i 'm not saying we do n't do the same . ), 
  i wo n't unpack the whole thing here and now . 
  for simplicity 's sake i 'll just say that few people on the left ( in the u.s. , at least ) would stand by that idea as a premise for good policy . 
  to use a simpler example , i remember laughing when i read a comment that said something along the lines of `` liberals love government control , '' because that statement falls very wide of the mark when it comes to explaining our policy preferences . 
  most of us would probably consider government to be a necessary evil that can be more effective than the alternatives in certain key areas . 
  and there 's a whole can of worms here that can be opened when we consider the association of the left with totalitarianism and so on , but i think i 've at least made my point ( dovetailing from yours ) about the way the two sides often find themselves talking past each other . 
  and i agree with your last paragraph , and i know / r/politics well . 
  i feel very much at home there , if i 'm honest . 
  but for what it 's worth , if someone pops in over there with an opposing view that is supported by facts , i do n't dispute the facts . 
  and i avoid defending stuff that does n't deserve a defense ( i 'm talking to you , hillary 's emails ) . 
  it 's a starting point , anyway . 
  i agree with a number of the shortcomings of obama 's you 've listed ( not all of them ) , but my point is not that scrutiny is n't good . 
  it 's that skepticism over obama 's eligibility for presidential office was unwarranted . 
  that 's the extent of my point . 
  i 'm all for scrutiny . 
  let 's just scrutinize everyone the same way , no ? 
  we can shift gears and discuss his successes and failures if you like , but please do n't take my point about his eligibility for the office as somehow placing him beyond scrutiny . 
  funny , i tried to buy gold today and i accidentally chose a bank withdrawal as my paypal funding source , so it 'll be several days before i get to give away gold . 
  and then i stumbled upon this . 
  i believe `` human '' is proper enough . 
  `` modern human '' is a distinguishing term iirc . 
  after all , `` homo '' implies human . 
  obviously you get into some subjective and perhaps arbitrary territory the closer you get to distinguishing transitions , in much the same way you do when distinguishing living species from one another . 
  edit : okay , so i 've been downvoted . 
  if i 'm wrong , then i 'm interested in knowing how so . 
  like science itself , i 'm not afraid of being wrong . 
  but if i am wrong , i appreciate being corrected as opposed to simply downvoted . 
  not according to nirvana . 
  as for me , i 'm generally on the pro-art side of the argument . 
  but i think the antagonist here makes a good point about experts not being able to tell the difference between cutting-edge art and nonsense . 
  i 'm sure it 's only true in extreme cases , but to the extent that it is , the point seems valid to me . 
  no harm in disagreeing , and i did n't examine the commenter 's source carefully , but my understanding is that it 's the experts in the field who could n't tell the difference . 
  i completely understand and agree with your point as far as the layman is concerned . 
  there are lots of things i ca n't fully appreciate that more informed people can , and vice-versa . 
  but if you 're an expert in the field and you ca n't tell , then it seems to me that there 's a piece to this puzzle that does n't fit . 
  ah , good point . 
  i guess i was inclined to take the claim at face value because i 'd recently read about wine experts being wildly inconsistent in their ratings of various wines . 
  i guess i was predisposed toward acceptance . 
  yes , but then we 'd never get to see what they 're saying . 
  `` all in all , '' huh ? 
  haha , dammit , why could n't that have been a standalone comment for / r/nocontext ? 
  i think there 's a monty python sketch on this topic . 
  funny how a race to the bottom comes off as smug . 
  an old friend of mine and i grew up pretty much `` working poor . '', 
  he ended up with a full ride to brown university for grad school , and i remember him telling me that the rich kids all dressed like bums . 
  i agree with this . 
  i have no trouble accepting that different people will see different things in art , and that people outside of the artist 's target audience may not fully appreciate what 's being communicated . 
  but when someone creates a work of any kind and ca n't offer an explanation beyond `` it means what you want it to mean '' or something similar , that 's when i check out . 
  edit : i figured this comment would n't go over well with some , but that 's my point of view . 
  if you create art , you presumably do so for a reason . 
  for most artists , that reason seems to involve communicating a message of some kind . 
  if that message is so ambiguous that anyone can interpret it in his or her own way , then i do n't see how anything is being communicated between the artist and the audience . 
  i 'm not saying that people 's interpretations of art are invalid . 
  i 'm saying that if the artist does n't know what he or she is saying , then i do n't see a compelling reason to find a message in that person 's art . 
  if i want to create my own message , i 'll create my own art . 
  you make a good point , but i think it 's more a matter of wealthier people having the resources to devote to that level of appreciation . 
  to me it 's a maslow 's hierarchy sort of thing . 
  it may be subjective , but if you take any group of poor people and supply all of their basic needs while they pursue art appreciation , they 're probably going to learn some objective but obscure facts about art , and chances are that when you withdraw that support , they 'll retain that knowledge and their new-found tastes . 
  i can see where your thinking would apply , though . 
  i mean , the rich have managed to redefine patriotism , so why not art ? 
  still , i think that in the majority of cases it 's going to be about who has the leisure time and the resources to learn about obscure stuff . 
  it 's as if reddit has people on standby for just this purpose -- like the guy who goes after stray tennis balls during a match . 
  oh , i was n't speaking to the larger issue with that comment . 
  i was simply saying that when you have the disposable income and the free time to devote to something , you can gain insights and appreciation for that thing beyond what a person who is more concerned with groceries and rent has time to gain . 
  after you said this :, 
   what separates the ignorant from the enlightened seems to be huge sums of cash . 
  those with enough buying power get to decide what is and is n't meaningful . 
  i thought i responded with something relevant . 
  sorry if i misunderstood your point . 
  holy crap . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the same guy i had an almost identical exchange with several months ago . 
  he 's using the same phrasing and terminology , anyway . 
  it 's unbelievable how people will insist that you 're the one doing all the wishful thinking , while never once incorporating a contrary nuance into their understanding of things . 
  my understanding of marx differs somewhat from that of the other user in this exchange , though . 
  of course the foundation of marxism is philosophical , but i always understood it to have a significant predictive component as well . 
  i mean , dialectical materialism as a concept involves an unfolding process , and many elements of marxist theory are part of what would supposedly unfold as a consequence of unbridled capitalist exploitation . 
  i would say that 's predictive . 
  it would be hilarious if this was indeed the same guy . 
  iirc , he was trying to argue that marxism and leninism were the same thing , while maintaining that not a single prediction made by marx came about . 
  somehow he was unable to wrap his head around the idea that these propositions can not both be true . 
  if marxism and leninism are the same thing , then leninism is the fulfillment of marxism , and that would make at least some of marx 's predictions correct .
