  it also made the point that the greatest savings occur when preventive care is extended to high-risk groups . 
  a great many of the uninsured in the u.s. fit that category . 
  further , i did not intend in my original comment to suggest that it 's all about a dollar-for-dollar return on investment , although i can see how it could have been read that way . 
  if you take the point made by your source and , disregarding the frequent `` it really depends '' language , accept that the money part is a wash , you still have the aggregate benefit of a healthier society that comes with universal healthcare . 
  that means less missed work , less stress , increased life expectancy , lower infant mortality rates , more financial stability among the population , and a higher quality of life for more people . 
  this may not translate into dollars in the short run , but society benefits in measurable ways that translate into a variety of net gains , including , i would argue , dollars . 
  i mean , i just wanted to provide a quick example , so i used the simplest way to describe the difference . 
  point is , you should n't write `` i do this everyday , '' or `` it happens everyday . '', 
  thanks for the point , though . 
  i do n't know anything about lynne truss . 
  this is partly because the meanings of words like `` conservative '' and `` liberal , '' at least as they are used in american politics , are moving targets . 
  but it also has to do with the fact that the political alignment in the u.s. today is n't strictly along the conservative-liberal line -- at least not with respect to what those words actually mean . 
  the words have become convenient labels that certainly fit in a broad sense , but there are many cases where the labels are not congruent with the actual policy preferences of people who identify with them . 
  this is an interesting question . 
  from one aspect , the opposite should be true . 
  if we have higher rates of incarceration , one would expect to see correspondingly higher rates of crime . 
  after all , the people who are incarcerated had to have been convicted of crime to find themselves in prison . 
  i do n't know the numbers , but if what you 're saying is true , it seems that it almost * has * to be also true that more people are being put away for offenses that in the past did n't necessarily result in incarceration . 
  you know what i never see discussed in conversations like these ? 
  the fact that , while private prisons do indeed add insult to injury , even the ones that are run with tax dollars have a financial incentive to keep people circulating through the system , at least on the local level . 
  i 'm sure it varies widely from one jurisdiction to another , but where i live it works like this :, 
  the county jail charges inmates room and board . 
  now , these are people who have no money to start with , right , for the most part ? 
  so they get thrown in the can and start incurring debt to the jail . 
  if they play their cards right they can make their way to work release . 
  once in work release , their pay is sent to the jail . 
  the jail takes its current room and board fees off the top , and a portion of what remains is taken for their arrears . 
  inmates are charged weekly for drug tests that are only given to a small portion of the population ( and not weekly ) . 
  phone calls , which are almost all local , cost inmates $ 4 + per minute . 
  when a family member sends money to an inmate to be used for commissary items , half the sum is taken by the jail for room and board arrears , if any is owed . 
  when the inmate 's term is up , he is on parole . 
  if he does * one thing * wrong , such as be caught with an empty beer can in his trash , he 's thrown back in , and any street time he 's done is removed from the tolling of his full sentence . 
  when he 's back inside , his arrears from the first round is still there , and the cycle repeats . 
  i 've known guys who have rotated in and out of that place for * years * on a six-month sentence . 
  now , i grant that some of the people who get recycled are their own worst enemies . 
  they have drug problems and they do stupid , stupid stuff while on probation and parole . 
  but the county and the state have * no * incentive to do anything to reverse the trend , because the revolving door generates revenue . 
  meanwhile , these people have their credit ruined and can never hold a job because they 're always a hair 's breadth away from being locked up again . 
  they * learn * to see all employment as transitory , and so they never get out of the cycle . 
  there 's more , like how the temp agencies around here are virtually sustained by the county work release programs , but i 've made the point i wanted to make . 
  the whole thing is a racket , and as far as i 'm concerned , it ties directly to what has become the american ideal of dollars above all . 
  or maybe it 's always been that way and we 've only recently mustered the temerity to look at ourselves in the mirror and notice it . 
   are people downvoting this because you disagree with the counterarguments ? 
  if so , please observe good reddiquette and explain your disagreement instead . 
  or are people downvoting this because you just do n't want to see counterarguments, 
  it 's entering dangerous territory , submitting arguments on reddit that counter a popular opinion , even if you actually * hold * that opinion for different reasons . 
  it 's too bad , but i also understand why it happens , at least based on my experience here : discussions in most of the subs i 've seen are full of comments made by people who are not trying to contribute to the discussion so much as make an ideological point . 
  the downvotes , as i see it , are for the perceived ulterior motive , not the point itself . 
  if i say `` axe murderers are people too , '' i 'm not wrong , but people might think i 'm promoting the axe murderer agenda , which is in some circles unpopular . 
  * ducks and runs . 
  i did not deny that high incarceration rates have had * no * effect on the crime rate , although i do n't * know * that they have . 
  but remember : the overwhelming majority of prisoners are released . 
  the trend shown by op is one that has occurred over 34 years . 
  still , in order for your statement to hold true , i.e. , that putting * repeat * offenders away has lowered the crime rate , one should be able to see spikes in the crime rate showing these repeated crimes prior to the increased incarceration rate . 
  instead we see declining crime rates concurrent with increasing incarceration , which suggests instead that people are being incarcerated for lesser offenses than they were in the past . 
  your logic and your illustration are fine , but in practice , most incarcerated people are eventually released . 
  the only way to bring the * rate * of crime down through incarceration is to incarcerate people before they commit crimes . 
  that 's exactly what 's happening in your example . 
  but we do n't do that . 
  we imprison people * after * a crime has been committed . 
  so if more people are going to prison , you should expect that to correspond with a higher incidence of crime . 
  granted , one should expect to see a reduction in crime rates if everyone who committed one went to prison for life , but even then this would only be true insofar as would-be repeat offenders are involved . 
  anyone who has been imprisoned for a first offense works against this idea , and there are many , many people in this category . 
  the only way a 34-year trend of a steady decline in crime rates can be concurrent with a steady increase in incarceration rates is if people are being put away for offenses that would not have warranted imprisonment in the past . 
  well , i 'm not a criminologist , so i ca n't account for all the variables . 
  my point , rather than to say that a can be explained by b and not c , was that c ca n't be * the * answer on its own . 
  the only way to have a straight inverse correlation between rates of incarceration and crime would be to imprison people before they commit crimes . 
  this is accomplished where would-be recidivists get longer sentences , perhaps , but it ca n't be said that * the * reason for declining crime rates is increasing incarceration rates . 
  people * have * to be getting imprisoned for lesser offenses to explain at least part of the trend . 
  i am inclined to believe that this explains most of it , for less-than-scientific reasons ( just one being that most other countries in our class have comparably low , or lower , crime rates without such high rates of incarceration ) , but i 'd love to see what a more thorough analysis would turn up . 
  i have an almost identical discussion going on elsewhere in this thread , so i 'll just quote myself from there if you do n't mind ( got ta be at least a * little * productive today ) :, 
   well , i 'm not a criminologist , so i ca n't account for all the variables . 
  my point , rather than to say that a can be explained by b and not c , was that c ca n't be * the * answer on its own . 
  the only way to have a straight inverse correlation between rates of incarceration and crime would be to imprison people before they commit crimes . 
  this is accomplished where would-be recidivists get longer sentences , perhaps , but it ca n't be said that * the * reason for declining crime rates is increasing incarceration rates . 
  people * have * to be getting imprisoned for lesser offenses to explain at least part of the trend . 
  i am inclined to believe that this explains most of it , for less-than-scientific reasons ( just one being that most other countries in our class have comparably low , or lower , crime rates without such high rates of incarceration ) , but i 'd love to see what a more thorough analysis would turn up . 
  you 're right . 
  there could also be , and in all likelihood are , new laws on the books that call for imprisonment when violated . 
  [ it 's more complicated than that . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/books/first/c/currie-crime.html ) it 's long , i know , but see section iv . 
   reddit *** can *** be accurately generalised about . 
  as a demonstration , i invite you to go into literally subreddit on this site , and even vaguely imply that the theory of evolution might be inaccurate in even the smallest detail . 
  i can promise that the degree of rhetorical violence with which you will be responded to , will amaze you . 
  eh , i see your point , but the part of the equation i often find missing in these meta discussions is the role of objective truth . 
  as i 've heard al franken say ( do n't know if he was quoting someone else ) , people are entitled to their own opinions , but they 're not entitled to their own facts . 
  there 's a continuum , of course , that runs from statements like `` the earth has mass '' to statements like `` greed is good . '', 
  express an opinion falling somewhere toward the latter and you have legitimate debate and arguments that can be evaluated against personal values . 
  any statement made on a topic toward the other end is in the territory of either stating the obvious , or otherwise raising questions about the speaker 's motivations or mental health . 
  just to stick with your example of evolution : the basic truth that evolution has occurred has not been a matter of `` debate '' among the educated for what ? 
  about 140 years or so ? 
  the only `` controversy '' is a cultural one , because science , which does n't respect anyone 's feelings , has turned up a mountain of evidence that does harm to some very entrenched , long-held ideas . 
  truth hurts sometimes , though . 
  and while i grant that people who know better should exercise some respect and understanding when dealing with people who have a hard time with such ideas , it nevertheless becomes pretty tiresome in time , to have to * argue * , over and over , about issues that have been settled before the invention of flight . 
  i really enjoy a good political discussion or debate , and i do n't mind being forced to reevaluate my ideas in the face of facts i 'd previously not known . 
  but that 's not what 's really happening in so many of the threads i 've seen around here . 
  i 've actually had to argue -- not just correct or inform or remind , but * argue * -- that hitler and the nazi party were not leftists . 
  in different subs and on at least three occasions in the past few months . 
  that 's not debate , dude . 
  that 's just trying to keep the monkey in a cage .
