  it 's really frustrating because it 's so seldom that anyone makes an effort to reach common ground . 
  and admittedly this is a difficult thing to do when people do n't agree on basic facts . 
  instead of saying `` yes , that 's true , and here 's why my opinion about about that fact differs from yours , '' people deny , deflect , and so on to the point where you wonder if there 's any point at all to the exchange . 
  if i were to put a positive spin on it i 'd say , as a friend once told me regarding the `` reward '' of teaching , progress is glacial . 
  it took me years to fully admit i was wrong about certain deeply held beliefs when i was younger , so no effort of a single person at a single moment can account for my own change . 
  this is why i sometimes look askance at the cmv sub -- i.e. , people are supposed to have their `` view '' changed in the course of a single thread whereas everywhere else on reddit people demonstrate their willingness to die fighting over a ridiculous point . 
  for the record , though , i think / r/circlebroke is a little better than some of the other subs you 've mentioned . 
  they at least seem to make an effort to explain themselves in a manner similar to / r/badhistory , even though there appear to be a few `` orthodox '' positions there . 
  i think / r/circlejerk is where you 'll really find most of the kind of terminology you 're talking about , but that sub is satire , even though they continue to use spent references . 
  yeah , too bad . 
  happens to me all the time . 
  but here 's to being noticed !, 
  that 's one of the rare shows i call a `` good '' show and still prefer not to watch . 
  it 's not the quality of the concept or the writing that bothers me about it . 
  without getting into a big thing about it i guess i could say it seems to me to have a `` trendy '' vibe that detracts from its otherwise good elements -- like , somewhat what i believe happened to weeds after the third season , and what i think plagued the big c almost from the very beginning . 
  but yeah , that 's just me . 
  i think it 's a good show overall . 
  good point . 
  we should definitely work on building a more homogeneous culture around taxes and happiness in the u.s. 
  i understand your point , but in my opinion we 're talking about different scales . 
  that is , i 'd sign a lifetime contract to drink bitburger before signing a 5-year contract to drink bud . 
  unless bitburger has changed a lot in the last 5-10 years or so . 
  i lived in germany from 1990-1993 , and back then these offerings were a huge improvement over what was widely available in the u.s. and the beer brewed in the monasteries was ( and i imagine still is ) phenomenal . 
  ( not sure where you are , but we loved going to kreuzberg . ), 
  since that time the craft brew scene has just exploded here in the u.s. just from context i 'm guessing you 're probably a bit younger than me , so forgive me if i 'm stating the obvious , but the u.s. beer scene today does n't even compare to what it was just 25 years ago , and it takes awhile for reputation to catch up with practice . 
  that said , i should add that in my opinion/experience it is a rare thing to find a pilsner in the u.s. that matches those in germany in terms of that slightly sweet maltiness coupled with both lightness and fullness of flavor . 
  from the sound of the article it seems that may have changed since my last visit , though . 
  since they were in their 60s i 'm guessing it has as much to do with reputation up to the point where they stopped caring about tweaking their opinions so much . 
  it probably sounds a little presumptuous to say it like that , but it 's true that as you get older , certain things just become cemented in your mind sometimes based on experience , prejudice , your level of interest , etc. 
  i 'm in my 40s and america 's ascendance in the beer world still feels semi-recent to me . 
  i 'm sure that certain germans in their 60s just have n't cared enough to follow what 's happened to the u.s. beer scene in the last 20 years . 
  oh , yeah , that 's awesome . 
  and by the way , you made a point i did n't think to make myself until reading further in the thread , and i agree with it strongly -- namely , that it 's pretty hard to find a german-style beer in the u.s. that truly matches the quality of even the everyday beers in germany . 
  i 've actually never found one that * really * measures up , although i 've had one or two that leaned heavily in the right direction . 
  edit : and holy crap , they sell american bud over there ? 
  i guess people need an easy way to know when they 've really hit bottom . 
  it 's hard to believe there 's a market for it at all . 
  [ scratches 43-year-old nuts , yawns ] * tetanu-what ? 
  also slightly off topic : did you know that if you put half an avocado to your ear , you can hear guacamole ? 
  i think this is how it 's already seen . 
  the question is , to what end ? 
  obviously every circumstance will be different , but for the sake of keeping things simple let 's not invoke examples of particularly heinous crimes . 
  what or whom does it serve to put someone 15 years behind his peers ? 
  beyond that we should ask ourselves what good punishment is at all , but even if we grant that punishment is a good thing , who is being punished through this measure ? 
  it 's not just the convict . 
  it 's a host of innocent people attached to him and society at large as well . 
  what is better for society : the * schadenfreude * of knowing someone experienced sustained hardship , or enabling people who behaved in a maladaptive way to be more productive , self-sufficient , and adaptive ? 
  i understand that you 're not having your point addressed , so i 'll make an effort to do so . 
  i believe you have a point , but in my view there are a couple of flaws in it , drawing from across a couple of different comments . 
  the first thing i 'd point out is that your assessment of the choices people have is too generous . 
  understand that i 'm not trying to argue that in all or even most cases people who commit crimes had no choice but to do so . 
  it 's not about free will necessarily , but rather the perceptions people have of their options at any given time given the constraints of their circumstances . 
  if you 've ever made a mistake and regretted it you 'll know what i 'm talking about . 
  but trying to keep to the point here , which is that it 's difficult to imagine what circumstances do to a person 's perceptions of his or her choices , and to the real choices as well . 
  it just is n't as simple as to say `` these are the choices everyone has . '', 
  the next thing i 'd mention is that i believe you rely too heavily on the deterrent effect of prison and criminal sentencing guidelines . 
  yes , there is certainly a deterrent effect . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't . 
  but that effect is smaller than many people imagine it to be ( sorry , no sources for this right now , but if you 're curious to know more i would encourage you to check into this ) . 
  the final thing i 'd throw into the mix is that i think your reasoning applies more in situations where the philosophy is inconsistent , and this is where i see your point as valid to an extent . 
  if we were to do this in the u.s. without making adjustments to our policies in other areas , then i could see a sizeable number of people viewing prison as a better alternative than trying to go it alone in society . 
  for this to work right it could not be put into effect in isolation . 
  it would have to be accompanied by reforms in other areas that would provide more hope to people in desperate situations . 
  we 're already into four paragraphs here so i wo n't try to be thorough about which areas , but i would suggest that we should start with such things as putting limits on discrimination based on a criminal record , educational reforms , and policies aimed at reducing income inequality . 
  i 'm sure you wo n't agree with everything here , but i hope it helps in some way . 
  this guy gets it . 
  while we walked to school in the snow . 
  uphill , both ways !, 
  hey , now , this is the internet . 
  have some decency . 
  not trying to be snarky here , but see the gilded comment on the same level as the comment you replied to . 
  it * sounds * good on the surface , but selecting judges through a directly political process is dangerous in many respects . 
  judges should be as far removed from politics as possible . 
  i can understand why this part is confusing , and the reason for the confusion has to do with the different political systems involved . 
  i ca n't say much about argentina in particular . 
  but what i gathered from the people who can is that the party in control is popular because of the political favors it hands out . 
  in the u.s. the issue would be different , and not so much related to `` the party in power '' as to the `` mob justice '' mentality associated with the popular will . 
  to answer the other part of your question , appointments alone do n't mitigate the problems inherent in electing judges . 
  it has to be done with checks , as we have at the federal level in the u.s. 
  no , actually the opposite , but i understand the confusion . 
  appointments on the federal level in the u.s. are checked by the legislative branch . 
  so you do need to have controls on the appointments . 
  it 's not that appointment as such is better . 
  edit : just to clarify , i say `` actually the opposite '' because a system of appointments * with * checks * does * assume that appointments done without checks would be partisan . 
  in other words , there is institutionalized mitigation of the potential problem . 
  there is no such mitigation present for a popularly elected judge . 
  for example , imagine an elected judge in the jim crow american south adjudicating cases of people charged with lynching . 
  i 'm not saying appointments are a cure-all , but justice stands a better chance when judges gain their positions by a means not directly tied to popular political will . 
  i 'm not sure why you make the assumption that similar checks would be absent at a different level of government . 
  they could be implemented in the exact same way . 
  i do agree that it would be no better -- and probably worse -- if such checks were not put in place . 
  yeah , i get that part . 
  but `` belgium 's bud '' is orders of magnitude better than actual bud . 
  right , i overdid it with `` orders of magnitude . '', 
  and their marketing is huge , i know . 
  i 'm not really a fan either , but having had both , i 'm confident in my assessment of stella as a better beer than bud . 
  maybe it 's the rice that bud uses . 
  i get conflicting information on stella 's ingredients . 
  some sources include corn and some do n't . 
  rice never comes up , though .
