  but if a guilty verdict means that your money belongs to someone else , well guess what ? 
  we 're just gon na maybe not let you get rid of it in the meantime . 
  there 's a lot of bullshit and hypocrisy in law enforcement , but i do n't think this is an example of that . 
  now if they * seized * his assets , that would be a different story . 
  your username suggests otherwise . 
  yeah , i get shit when i suggest that we 're becoming an embarrassment over here , but i dunno . 
  we talk about principles but the truth is that we fucking love to punish people here . 
  in the u.s. you seriously need every right spelled out , because in the cases where they are n't you 'll get your ass handed to you . 
  it 's as if the rights are reluctantly granted instead of valued as principles . 
  ( or valued as principles until someone uses them in a way you do n't like . ), 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  not that i can provide the full nuanced picture , but it 's certainly a matter of international cooperation under a treaty or a framework of some kind . 
  i do n't think that dmca is specifically at play at the moment , unless dmca is part of an international framework . 
  in short , you 're right in the sense that in `` normal '' situations a person would be either beyond reach or it would be too expensive to make it worth anybody 's effort . 
  this is n't a garden-variety case , though . 
  you 've got all kinds of shit going on here with jurisdiction , treaties , and domestic laws where the complainant or `` victim '' has standing due to business activity in that jurisdiction and blah , blah . 
  i hope this was very helpful . 
  jesus , i did n't know the damn things exploded . 
  yeah , i would have expected it to be something related to his package . 
  walkie-talkie . 
  i ca n't find my way out of this comment . 
  downvotes on a comment expressing sympathy for a guy who got his throat cut . 
  that 's interesting . 
  have an upvote . 
  i 'm not sure why ideas kicked about on reddit are either hailed or dismissed as `` ridiculous , '' as if there 's no middle ground to appeal to . 
  i think if you consider the point the commenter made more broadly , it 's not dismissing the value of products that automate processes , or the `` realness '' of the work that goes into these products . 
  i think the point is , wall street has found a way to exploit the timing of trading activity that enriches people without creating or adding real value to the economy . 
  you and i ca n't do it . 
  it 's an advantage that is inaccessible to most people , and exploiting it does n't put better widgets in the economy upon which other economic actors can build . 
  i kinda think of it like spotlighting deer or fishing with dynamite . 
  if stopping the practice altogether is impractical , undesirable , or impossible , then i ca n't see why taxing those gains is at all unreasonable . 
  so a guy comes away from the lake with two tons of fish and we say * nice dynamite , man . 
  keep 500 pounds for yourself and we 'll just use the rest for people who fish the way most people fish . 
  edit : syntax . 
  well i was gon na say that i filled my mouth and my pants at the same time , so i 'm thinking your drama level is within acceptable limits . 
  / u/peanutman5 ( that you , president carter ? ), 
  got it . 
  i just wanted to add that there 's competing rationale on this topic . 
  i live in pa , which has closed primaries . 
  the idea justifying them is that with open primaries it would be easier for opposing parties to sabotage the nomination process . 
  where it hurts is when people have a legitimate reason for favoring a candidate outside their own party ( or when someone non-affiliated does ) . 
  i happen to live in an area that consistently elects republicans , so in a sense i do n't have a * real * say in who wins the office , because i ca n't participate in republican primaries . 
  i stayed registered as a republican for awhile for this reason , even after i abandoned `` conservatism . '', 
  but i dropped that idea in time because i was n't feeling completely clean after showers . 
  do it . 
  bernie did it just to run , right ? 
  you can drop it after the primaries if it means that much to you . 
  edit : although my point was n't clear , i meant that he 's willing to wear the label for a greater good , so people should n't feel bad if that 's what they also need to do -- if only temporarily -- for the sake of getting him the nomination . 
  bernie is going to need every bit of help he can get . 
  the race between obama and hillary was damn close , and there was a * lot * of money involved . 
  i want to see this thing happen , but it simply wo n't happen if people do n't move themselves from the sidelines onto the field . 
  exactly . 
  the rationale for privatization has been that for-profit enterprises will be more efficient and effective than government . 
  and while this can be true in certain cases , it 's important to remember that sometimes that 's precisely what we do n't want ( or should n't want ) . 
  when profit is the motive , `` efficiency '' can very easily cross over into `` unduly expedient '' or `` underserved and overcharged . '', 
  a for-profit prison has an interest in higher incarceration rates . 
  the people and the state most often do not . 
  plus , as more money is devoted to paying for the prison enterprise , less is available for alternatives to incarceration . 
  then you have all kinds of accountability issues . 
  parking authorities have been shown to use all kinds of abusive practices to squeeze money out of people for parking violations . 
  so people get screwed and it takes a stupid amount of time and resources to fight matters on due process grounds , so people just pay . 
  this whole thing about `` government is not the solution , it 's the problem '' was great campaign rhetoric in 1980 , and there are cases where this is absolutely true , but this idea is complete bullshit as a general principle . 
  government sometimes * needs * to run in a way that would otherwise be `` unprofitable , '' because people are entitled to due process and certain protections . 
  hey , it was just a post . 
  edit : eh , letter go . 
  thank you for the endorsement . 
  i 'm glad i did n't butcher your intent . 
  permanent exoskeletons , duh . 
  i 'm looking forward to the possibility of this criticism landing poorly . 
  i mean , for how many years can people scream `` socialist ! '', 
  as an epithet before people become weary of it ? 
  and especially after all the wolf-crying did n't bring about the fire and brimstone that was predicted . 
  this is an entirely fair point and worthy of note . 
  i think my focus on for-profit enterprise is mainly a response to the notion that private entities are ipso facto `` better '' than government in every circumstance . 
  government is charged with many responsibilities , not all of which require that type of efficiency . 
  okay , well i guess i did n't make my point with the same precision you applied to yours . 
  he 's running for the democratic nomination . 
  that is a fact . 
  so , whatever . 
  i just hope this does n't turn into some kind of thing that distracts people from what 's important . 
  some people do n't know the details of bernie 's party position , but when an independent ( or socialist , or democratic socialist , or whatever you want ) runs for the democratic nomination , the duck walks like a democrat to many people . 
  my point is that the guy is putting the issues above party affiliation , and so people should n't feel bad about doing the same if it means getting the establishment candidate out of the running . 
  to some people , long lines are worse than bankruptcy , i guess . 
  worse than * other people 's * bankruptcies , i should say . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  yeah , i think he might have a shot too . 
  the initial $ 1.5 million in 24 hours is impressive , i think . 
  but it would n't be great if that were to mark the peak of the enthusiasm . 
  the guy needs momentum . 
  you know , people have talked about the growing income gap being reminiscent of the gilded age . 
  the timing of bernie 's candidacy -- the * viability * of his candidacy , i should say -- reminds me of the story of [ eugene debs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eugene_v._debs ) , which is both incredibly inspirational and somewhat disappointing . 
  in any case , i think bernie is our debs , and i do think he has a shot . 
  wow , so the guy still has enough cachet for a keychain to be made in his name . 
  this is a good sign . 
  how about that . 
  obviously the parallel does n't elude him . 
  the first two look like sisters . 
  ( unless you 're from certain parts of the middle east , in which case i would mean the last two . ), 
  i mean the two on the left end . 
  i 'm 43 and i told my wife i wanted to start walking every day to work myself up to something more vigorous ( i work from home and i 've become tender as a veal ) .
