  you do n't have to believe that his father was a deity . 
  i agree !, 
  not gon na win too many dogliness contests , i 'm afraid . 
  my understanding of dan carlin based on the vitriol expressed in / r/badhistory is that it 's not so much about his being inaccurate , as it is about people who quote him because he 's the only source they know on a given topic . 
  it 's like the difference between someone with a graduate education in middle east history going back and forth with someone who watched a frontline documentary . 
  it 's not that one is more `` wrong '' than the other , it 's just that one involves hard-won nuance and the other does n't . 
  i 've listened to some of the podcasts and i find them to be quite good as a means of sparking interest in history and making it accessible to people who might not otherwise have crossed the traditional barriers to entry . 
  so they need a ymca . 
  or ymma , as it were . 
  `` lay practitioners '' seems particularly appropriate here . 
  they could build fjord houses and save money on three walls !, 
  edit : thanks for the gold !, 
  i 'm one of them !, 
  left home for the army at 17 . 
  turned 18 in basic training . 
  i wanted to get out of my little town and my father 's house . 
  i wanted to go to college ( my dad was n't paying for it -- would n't fill out the fafsa ) . 
  i got what i wanted , though , as well as a wife and family out of the deal . 
  i hated the army , but i 'd do it again if i had to . 
  why would he be driving his house ? 
  i wish it could be made to look more like a back-to-front comb , though . 
  non-discrimination and inclusion are not even necessary concepts in this scenario . 
  all that is needed is an understanding of how the american court system works , and a commitment to abide by it . 
  this guy 's court is bound by the decisions of scotus , period . 
  and even if he were 100 % correct in his * interpretation * of the gay marriage ruling ( i.e. , that it was an unwarranted overreach ) , his actions here ca n't be justified . 
  from his perspective , he 's arguing that two wrongs make a right . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  electing judges is ridiculous , too , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it makes me wonder whether out-crazying crazy would be a counterproductive strategy . 
  i 've seen comments in various places recently that were meant 100 % sarcastically , but that , sadly , could easily be taken as genuine by some people around here . 
  i want to know where a duck would be going dressed like that . 
  first new sub for me in a while . 
  really different and interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  this is an interesting take that i had n't thought of . 
  i dumped comcast several years ago , when streaming video was still somewhat in the `` early adopter '' stage . 
  i do n't know what they 're saying now , but at the time i had an `` unlimited '' data account . 
  one day i got a call from them saying that i exceeded what was then an unstated threshold of 200 gb , for what they called `` excessive use . '', 
  they said that if i exceeded the limit again , my account would be suspended for * 12 months . 
  * they offered * no * tools for monitoring use , and suggested that i use third-party software on my computer . 
  i said that that does n't help me much when i stream through the ps3 . 
  no argument about my account being unlimited or my ability to track use being unreasonably burdensome held any sway . 
  this was their policy . 
  i said fine , then i used as much data as i could in the next billing cycle before taking my modem * and * my cable box back to their office and telling them i was done with them for good . 
  i 'm just glad fios was available in my area ( the internet service , but not the tv , oddly ) . 
  ironically , i have them somewhat to thank for my cord cutting progress . 
  am i so old or out of touch , or what , that i neither know nor really care what the fuck this doot doot shit is all about ? 
  i 'm 44 years old and i actually pay attention to what 's going on most of the time -- at least on reddit -- and i started seeing references to this shit on / r/circlejerk and i was like `` yeah , whatever . '', 
  now i ca n't escape it to save my life . 
  i * did * google it out of curiosity and it just resulted in more shrugs . 
  so , i dunno . 
  here 's the keys to the future , guys . 
  do n't wreck it , please . 
  wow . 
  this runs deep . 
  * really * deep . 
  but for some reason it seems to have become ubiquitous in like the last six months to a year . 
  anyway , thanks for the clue . 
  eh , i 've had shitty slacks for decades . 
  `` mom , i 'm above average ! '', 
  that sounds like a commune to my english-first-then-german ears . 
  this is reaffirming , thank you . 
  i think you 've articulated my own thoughts well . 
  tya , how does anyone * not * know that a penguin costume is the only way to be sexy ? 
  ah , great . 
  thanks for the added detail . 
  solution : join military and get stationed where drinking age is lower . 
  solved my problem when i was 18 . 
  funny thing was , i 'd been drinking legally for over two years when i came home on vacation , and suddenly it was against the law for me to buy or possess alcohol . 
  weird time . 
  how can i get in on this butler gig ? 
  i 'll have to buy some new socks before i try anything like that . 
  the one you were standing on ? 
  this is why the french word for banana , transliterated , is `` potato-of-the-tree . '', 
  think of it this way : the people in / r/askscience , when asked about the speed of light , will only talk about c. here , you can learn about d , e , and f. it 's more inclusive . 
  variables a and b are used almost exclusively for cases where light is reflected rather than absorbed . 
  there are subs for this , but they are quarantined . 
  great question !, 
  you know how life came out of water , evolved to survive on land , and in some cases ( such as dolphins and whales ) went * back * to water ? 
  well , this is literally the same thing -- except for the fact that apples , bananas , and potatoes are all invertebrates , of course . 
  it 's not much to ask for when you 're forced to sit on your prefrontal cortex day after day after day . 
  this is caused by the counterclockwise motion of toilet water . 
  water flowing in that direction sucks that frequency range out of the environment . 
  a sub with a name like that might not be what you expect it to be in a week 's time . 
  what kills me about these weird versions of the political spectrum is the way they conflate and confuse ideology with government structure -- or the ends with the means , to put it another way . 
  almost nobody * wants * a government with `` total power . '', 
  most of us would probably be happy with no government at all if everybody behaved the way we 'd like them to . 
  i guess i 'd be preaching to the choir here , so i wo n't go on about it . 
  it just happens to be one of my biggest pet peeves . 
  what kills me about these weird versions of the political spectrum is the way they conflate and confuse ideology with government structure -- or the ends with the means , to put it another way . 
  almost nobody * wants * a government with `` total power . '', 
  most of us would probably be happy with no government at all if everybody behaved the way we 'd like them to . 
  i guess i 'd be preaching to the choir here , so i wo n't go on about it . 
  it just happens to be one of my biggest pet peeves . 
  god , i remember it being used unironically , but if i remember correctly , it was for a matter of months , not years . 
  if it lasted longer than that i learned about it here . 
  so * that 's * why that guy buggered me at the gym . 
  thanks !, 
  i remember having the sense that if someone had been * umgebracht , * they 'd been led by the hand somewhere . 
  you 're absolutely right about those verbs with similarities .
