  * he * said that in his experience `` fast food bathrooms were often out of order . '', 
  and then he said that in `` some cases they 'd give you a code to a public bathroom , '' and that he `` tried one once . '', 
  follow the bouncing ball . 
  edit : lol . 
  you 're a quick downvoter . 
  very genteel . 
  edit 2 : i 'm also a little bit retarded . 
  ah , good choice . 
  :-) although , it 's a bit of a treat saving that one for later -- after you 've followed his earlier work and can put boc in context with it and with contemporary historical events . 
  his frustration and exasperation make more sense that way . 
  but still , good choice . 
  do n't let * cat 's cradle * or * slaughterhouse five * get past you , of course . 
  my first was * galapagos . 
  * i was hooked from the start . 
  edits made . 
  your comment was still pretty nitpicky -- but i indeed missed the second `` often . '', 
  edit : and you missed the usernames , goldfish , even though your ninja edit does n't reflect the fact . 
  yeah , i 'll stand by that . 
  * cat 's cradle * is a relatively early book -- 1961 , i believe . 
  it 's a quick read , too . 
  i 'm glad people are still enjoying his books . 
  he was n't asking me . 
  also , this exchange is already played out . 
  they shit-through . 
  username checks out . 
  even modern dogs are tailing in that skill . 
  that would be too many people being one woman . 
  i used to eat that stuff . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/kilgoretrout71, 
  quick , somebody rejerk this guy before we lose him forever !, 
  oh , christ , this thing made me a libertarian . 
  pretty much my anus after heavy consumption of spicy food . 
  well done , op . 
  it seems to me that you 're conflating metrics here , or creating strawmen . 
  in fact , your comment reads strangely similar to others i 've seen that do the same thing , which makes me wonder whether we 're dealing with somebody 's talking points here . 
  nobody is saying here that crime rates are increasing . 
  that 's something you or somebody you 're parroting invented . 
  the article does assert that mass shootings have become increasingly common -- so common that they sometimes * do n't * make national news . 
  that 's all . 
  now , whether that 's true or not depends not so much on the metric used as it does the consistency of the metric 's application . 
  if we use the same one across time , we can see whether the assertion holds weight . 
  i do n't have that information , but you did n't present anything on it either . 
  i am one of those redditors who actually did live through the 80s and 90s . 
  most of the 70s too . 
  i 've lived in places with high crime rates and relatively low crime rates . 
  and i can tell you that mass shootings during my childhood and youth were rare enough that i ca n't remember a single one . 
  the first ones i have memory of ( the first ones that strike me are the bernie goetz shootings , which were ruled self-defense , and the ny subway shootings where the guy acted as his own defense attorney ) were reported far and wide , and for long cycles . 
  the fact that similar events are taking place * without * this level of attention is the point of the article , and it happens to contradict your claim that we 're paying an increased amount of attention to the phenomenon . 
  the tendency of the press to follow the maxim `` if it bleeds , it leads '' is not on the increase . 
  it 's always * been * the rule . 
  what strikes me as odd about your argument , besides it being against something nobody asserted , is that it decries the attention being brought to a very real and tragic problem . 
  forget crime rates . 
  forget sensationalism . 
  people are routinely getting their lives taken from them by people who have legally obtained firearms . 
  maybe we ought to see that as a problem . 
  edit : my first gilding . 
  i 'm very grateful !, 
  well , it could be one mass of people , right ? 
  one metric peoplemass ( pm ) . 
  edit : goodness , people . 
  no sense of humor . 
  i do n't reject your position out of hand , but i think the argument is somewhat strained . 
  my dad ( deceased ) was a lifetime nra member . 
  i 've heard this type of argument many times . 
  today we have information right at our fingertips , and we know with just a cursory look that other industrialized countries do n't have this problem to any degree close to our level . 
  i agree with you that we likely have a cultural problem . 
  i think it goes hand-in-hand with our historical love of punishment as a means of social control . 
  but we also have a gun problem , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  edit : haha , this comment went from +5 to 0 in the days * after * this conversation took place . 
  kinda weird . 
  yeah , take your time and work it out for yourself . 
  i 've fluctuated in my perspectives over the years and i know very well that opinions do n't turn on a dime . 
  for the record , i appreciate your honesty and the lack of dogmatism in your opinion . 
  it 's in the article . 
  sorry , it was a graphic that only appears sporadically . 
  another asked . 
  will post screen shot to him shortly . 
  sorry for confusion . 
  yeah , my mistake . 
  it 's part of a graphic that is displayed periodically when article is reloaded . 
  will post screen shot shortly ( edit here ) . 
  tied up at the moment , but will post graphic ( details of which are up to you to pursue ) shortly . 
  please explain more about how you 're all for stricter gun control . 
  please explain what kind of gun control you support . 
  edit : strange downvote . 
  okay . 
  i think you have to put it on the table as soon as you meet . 
  thanks for the reply and the congratulations . 
   is the message `` the rate of mass shootings as defined by a very narrow metric are on the rise '' ? 
  or is the message `` there are mass shootings happening every day now and you could be next '' ? 
  i really do n't see the need for the message to be interpreted as anything other than `` there have been 204 mass shootings -- and 204 days -- in 2015 so far . '', 
   i do n't take kindly to the insinuation that i ca n't formulate my own opinions , or that i have ulterior motives of some sort . 
  you do n't take kindly to this , and yet you have no problem insulting the intelligence of others by worrying about the `` message '' they will get from a simple statement of fact . 
  * you * did n't get that message , so why are you worried that others will ? 
  also , i never said anything about `` ca n't . '', 
  i said that perhaps you did n't come to your opinion independently . 
  in any case , that is why my language was tentative and left room for an alternative . 
  it happens that i 've seen your argument before , and i debated someone here on reddit who made a very similar response to the shootings in south carolina . 
  when jon stewart said ( paraphrased ) `` these things keep happening , and you know what ? 
  we 're not going to do shit about it , '' this person responded with a complaint that was essentially `` but this is misleading !,
