  look , i do n't know if you 're young or just poorly informed . 
  either way , i wo n't hold it against you , because i used to say dumb shit like that , too . 
  look : our welfare `` system , '' which is n't much of a system in the first place , and which falls short of what is available in other countries that use silverware , is not unfunded . 
  it is funded . 
  fully funded . 
  any talk of unfunded liabilities that holds any water probably makes reference to social security and medicare . 
  but frankly , it 's all bullshit , because our economic projections assume so much crap that we have no way of knowing to what degree they will actually hold true . 
  bill clinton left office with a budget surplus projected years into the future . 
  exactly how long did it take for congress to fuck * that * up ? 
  to whatever extent we have unfunded liabilities , you can place significant blame on the fact that we let high-earning people and corporations get away with paying much less in tax than they should . 
  as a person who dislikes unfunded liabilities so much , i presume you would support raising taxes on high earners to rectify the situation , because i 'll bet my left nut that when * you * turn 65 , you wo n't renounce social security or medicare . 
  ayn rand did n't even do that . 
  * site 's, 
  * led, 
  * itself, 
  * eminent, 
  well i know * that * , geez . 
  what a crazy story . 
   sarcasm * can * be an effective way to communicate , but it 's so difficult as to be virtually impossible , so the best advice is simply to avoid it forever and ever , amen . 
  yeah , right . 
  is reddit being taken over by bots ? 
  i swear this stuff is popping up more than ever . 
  yeah , i ca n't see the other comments that i know were/are there , and i know the delivery was super dry , so i 'll forgive you 100 % for not recognizing that this was sarcasm . 
  i kinda like how referring to someone derisively as `` rand '' swats two flies at once these days . 
  yeah , he and a few other characters in this sub just boggle my mind with their intransigence . 
  the most generous conclusion i can make about these guys is that they conflate this intransigence with being principled . 
  i can certainly appreciate discussion and debate with a truly principled conservative or whatever person i otherwise disagree with , but labeling your political opinion as objective fact is not principled . 
  it 's breathtakingly ignorant . 
  i have mixed feelings about the people who do things like this . 
  on the one hand i actually feel a little sorry for them , because i 've been on their side of the fence and i know that some of their stubbornness is born out of desperation . 
  on the other hand , their participation in any debate is poisonous , and even parasitic in the sense that it draws energy that could otherwise be productively employed . 
  do n't get me wrong : these are harsh words , but i would never advocate excluding someone from the conversation . 
  i just wish they would n't be so ridiculous . 
  i view people like this as the human equivalent of something like the creation museum . 
  you can almost shed a tear for the people who put so much effort into defending the indefensible because it 's so deeply important to them . 
  but then you also want to burn the place down because it 's such a huge turd in the punch bowl of human progress . 
  thanks for the links !, 
  my opinion is that questions like this are not very useful . 
  there is no single body of `` coverage '' to which we can look to even find a starting point with something like this . 
  perhaps if everyone got their news from the big three networks ( four , whatever ) we could narrow the task , but even then we 'd have different historical contexts , different people with different histories , different hot-button issues , and so on . 
  to speculate as to whether `` coverage '' would be `` different '' under two different administrations is a little weird , really . 
  should it not be different ? 
  just to pull the politics out of it for a second : was coverage of the clinton healthcare initiative `` different '' from the coverage of the aca ? 
  well , i guess so , right ? 
  because there were two different contexts involved . 
  would coverage of the snowden revelations have been different had they been made in 1995 ? 
  i should hope so !, 
  the so-called `` mainstream '' media , by and large , does n't care a shit for political points of view . 
  it cares about whether the readers , listeners , viewers , etc. 
  will pay attention to what is being said . 
  if justin bieber had been caught balls-deep in a dog on the day of the prisoner exchange , under either administration , we 'd be asking each other `` what prisoner exchange ? '', 
  right now . 
  according to the president 's statement , it interferes with separation of powers by constraining decisions that fall within the purview of the commander in chief . 
  the language of the statement is entertaining , because instead of saying `` i will ignore this part of the law , '' which itself would create a constitutional conflict , he says that his administration will `` implement the law in a way that does not cause constitutional conflicts , '' which i take to mean he will ignore it . 
  i agree with the interpretation , though . 
  til beck had a twin who had the umbilical cord wrapped around his neck . 
  it could very well be that since the da and the police usually have a collaborative relationship , the da is doing his best to offer the cop something that is politically tenable . 
  this is a tough one i think . 
  i really do n't know . 
  i 'm inclined to think , though , that with all else structured as it is , raising the number of representatives would n't itself do a lot . 
  we have two major parties and two houses that are no longer very different from each other in the ways you 'd expect to matter . 
  i imagine a congress that behaves the same way , only with less elbow room . 
  i do n't think the idea is inherently bad , it 's just that i 'd rather see one or all of the following , first :, 
  1 ) the way opened for true multiparty representation . 
  2 ) a disinterested system of district formation . 
  3 ) tweaks in the composition of the two houses that would result in a thicker line delineating their differences , and different interests . 
  4 ) something about campaign finance that i ca n't remember , but i 'm sure you can fill in the blanks for me . 
  yes , of course . 
  i do n't mean to diminish the role of the media . 
  i just think that media analysis or criticism sometimes occurs through a lens that is n't quite in focus . 
  there are biases in media , certainly , but the really * operative * bias , particularly with big news , is toward ratings , sensationalism , being `` first , '' and so on . 
  the end results may favor this or that political persuasion , but i do n't believe that they are what they are because * that * was the end goal . 
  your nixon/kennedy example is interesting . 
  it could warrant a very drawn-out discussion . 
  on a basic level , though , i think you 're on pretty shaky ground if you want to consider the media 's treatment of the behaviors you mentioned as if the public 's interest in them were qualitatively equal . 
  if boning marilyn monroe were an impeachable offense and obstructing justice were a mere sociocultural impropriety , then i am confident the tables would have been turned . 
  there 's more to it than that , of course , such as the self-imposed restraint the media exercised regarding `` private '' matters generally before . 
  yeah , whatever that lynchpin event was . 
  i do n't remember . 
  point is , the permissiveness did n't emerge until sometime in the 80s . 
  and see , part of the reason i said originally that this can be an unproductive road to go down , is that we can go back and forth endlessly with examples of the media loving this guy and hating that guy and oh , god . 
  take clinton . 
  man , they loved to put that guy on camera . 
  he could n't fart without someone wanting to feature it as a story . 
  he spent considerable time as a darling . 
  but he took a huge beating in the lead up to ' 92 , and they crucified him upside-down when paula jones showed up . 
  why the fluctuation ? 
  did they love him or did they hate him ? 
  and here enters my original point : they did n't give a crap either way . 
  they loved him when he gave great video and people watched , but they creamed themselves when the blue dress turned up . 
  i rely on president obama 's tweets for my auto care advice . 
  but do n't trust one person 's opinion . 
  there are numerous executive agencies , and even a number of foreign consulates to which one can turn for information on everything from tire pressure to getting those pesky stains out of your upholstery . 
  ambiguously gay . 
  i like this idea generally . 
  so i guess this would mean no hair splitting topics , or what ? 
  i mean , i 'm imagining that the official thread for h v. q , for example , would have a current events feel to it , but there would still be room for separate threads that ask something along the lines of `` why was n't the reasoning applied in h v. q , also applied in x v. 
  is this the idea ? 
  or am i over-thinking it ? 
  are you tucker carlson ?
