  i 'd like to think there 's a difference . 
  if there is , it might be what you pointed out , or it might be that there are much better words than `` random '' to express what the kids who use that word wish to express . 
  but anyway , i did n't start caring about language so much until i was older , so that probably explains a good part of it . 
  holiday gifting would have to be completely rethought . 
  those clips made for potato chip bags . 
  jesus , people . 
  ca n't you muster the wherewithal to eat a whole bag in one sitting ? 
  does n't sound too bad if famine is $ 30k . 
  i 'm a freelance content writer with one large client . 
  ( read : `` freelance . '' ), 
  i make 30 an hour for a maximum of 40 hours a week . 
  this is my first year doing it , so i 'm curious to know , about what percentage have you had to fork over in taxes , all told ? 
  i 've been guessing at the amounts to set aside for quarterly estimates . 
  `` freelance '' content writer with one large client . 
  $ 30 an hour , 40 hours a week . 
  the sex offender registry . 
  so many nonviolent , first-time offenses can get a person listed , it 's impossible to tell who is really dangerous by looking at it . 
  also , sex offenders have relatively low -- not high , as many people believe -- recidivism rates , and so consequently the people to watch out for are the ones not on the list . 
  i totally miss that show . 
  this is exactly the line of thought i used to formulate the comment . 
  wow . 
  my father-in-law is a big german man in his 70s with the energy of a 20-year-old , a quick temper , and little patience . 
  he and a small entourage visit us in the u.s. every two years , and we travel somewhere together . 
  i do n't know why he had n't learned or accepted , at least by then , that in the u.s. one waits to be seated at restaurants . 
  ( we 've had similar problems getting through to him about tipping rates being typically 18 or 20 % and not 15 % . ), 
  but when we were in las vegas he started yammering in german outside a restaurant , about how we need to , to loosely translate the phrase he used , `` stick out your chest a little '' or `` grow a pair , '' more or less , and sit yourself down . 
  and he just heads for a table where a waitress was cleaning up and sits down , while the rest of us follow , slowly , mortified . 
  she was accommodating , although i almost wish she had n't been , so he might have learned what bad form that was . 
  the life of brian wins . 
  i 'm not sure i would make all the assumptions you make , but i will entertain your question as asked and then tell you why i think the failure of a modern democracy could be a difficult thing to measure , unless it is completely , violently overthrown . 
  if democracy were to fail , what replaces it would depend greatly on what * caused * it to fail . 
  modern democracies have anti-monarchic foundations because monarchy is what they replaced . 
  so i would n't be quick to assume that monarchy would make a resurgence . 
  if modern democracies fail , what would be the likeliest cause ? 
  in some countries military dictatorship is a distinct possibility . 
  in the u.s. , it would seem that a moneyed oligarchy has dug itself in pretty well . 
  and that serves as a good segue to my second point , which is that it can be difficult to determine for sure when and whether a democracy has failed . 
  marx saw capitalism 's failure as inevitable . 
  and perhaps it would have been , had it retained the characteristics it had in marx 's time . 
  but instead it mitigated its own problems ( albeit with resistance ) with unions , labor laws , etc. 
  democracy has the same squirmy capabilities as capitalism does . 
  it can transform itself in name or in fact , and sustain its own life . 
  but taking our examples of failed democracy , the one ( military dictatorship ) would be fairly easy to pinpoint , but the other ( moneyed oligarchy ) would come down to the question of whether the system would adapt and survive . 
  or fail in fact and continue in name , which may happen , or may have already happened , in the united states . 
  people seem averse to the phrase `` as far as '' where i live . 
  they like to say `` all the futher '' instead , as in `` that 's all the futher he went , then he just stopped . '', 
  also in my immediate corner of the valley many people do n't pronounce `` sixth '' properly . 
  they say `` sikth . '', 
  people are mostly pretty dumb . 
  there are some skeptics here , but i can say from experience that this is not far fetched . 
  i 've taken naps in the afternoon and then woken up the same evening thinking i was late for work the next day . 
  * kilgore-trout * unimaginably prolific generator of pulp content . 
  what else would i suggest ? 
  it was a few years ago , but i remember faye dunaway doing a short-lived sitcom . 
  mommy dearest and laugh tracks . 
  it was just weird . 
  / r/secretsanta qualifies as nice , i think . 
  batteries . 
   to that end ; i had never heard of or seen `` doggy style '' . 
  turns out that my parents had , and boy , did they know what they were doing . 
  this made me split a gut and cringe for you at the same time . 
  sorry for the trauma , but as tosh says , `` for this , we thank you . '', 
  my sister and i used to ask overweight people why they 're so fat , until we were told that doing so was hurtful ( and then had to have explained to us that words can hurt too ) . 
  now i 'm 42 and i 'm asking myself the same question . 
  boy , it hurts . 
  christopher mintz-plasse as russell crowe 's bodyguard ? 
  hmm . 
  moist . 
  `` michael douglas is the only man that can make me moist . '', 
  prayer times at family gatherings like thanksgiving . 
  it does n't happen if i 'm hosting , and it feels awkward when you can tell that others in the party are expecting it . 
  it was 23 years ago and i remember falling asleep with my wife to be in my arms and waking up in the same position , laughing at all the same things , feeling like i could be completely myself whenever i was with her . 
  there was a palpable sense that the feeling of perfect chemistry was mutual . 
  most of all , though , i remember feeling like home was wherever she was . 
  we 're still married , and while things are n't as fresh and passionate as they were 20 years ago , that sense of belonging , love , and respect has never diminished . 
  believing in aliens is one thing , but believing that they 're visiting us is another . 
  i certainly believe there is life elsewhere in the universe . 
  but [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1klhim/cmv_i_believe_an_alien_spacecraft_landed_at/cbq9z68?context=3 ) is a thread wherein someone explains just how unlikely it is that we have been , or are being , visited . 
  that had n't occurred to me , but yes indeed . 
  american beauty, 
  yes , the quality is very good and it 's both well packaged and attractive . 
  the meme does n't say enough . 
  there 's stuff about the show that is stupid . 
  like the physics and physiology problems inherent in any story involving * walking . 
  dead * . 
  but the show is n't so much about zombies as it is the human drama that occurs against the backdrop of raw survivalism . 
  it 's about seeing people portray a type of human behavior that we can really only theorize about , precisely * because * it 's implausible . 
  and that 's what i think makes it interesting . 
  if you 're not into that , then all that 's left is pretty much stupid . 
  well you 've succeeded in making me cry over my breakfast . 
  i am truly sorry for your loss . 
  your username suggests a certain amount of expertise in this area . 
  to be fair , if reddit mods * were * actually censuring bears and penguins , it would be a pretty presumptuous move . 
  unpopular opinions are fine , but i think we need a new meme for uninformed ones . 
  i chuckled . 
  i was trying to make a dry joke . 
  you know , it would be a bit out of bounds for reddit mods to start rebuking animals -- a circumstance that would lend some validity to op 's complaint . 
  haha , yeah , well , we 're trying to avoid just that scenario . 
  put another way : op complained about mods taking their authority too far by censoring `` bears and penguins , '' only he said * censuring * . 
  so my comment was just that if the mods were really * censuring * bears and penguins , i.e. , pulling them aside and rebuking them , it would indeed be taking their authority too far .
