  this is indeed an issue in europe . 
  but it 's an issue , not a fundamental flaw of their model . 
  we have issues no less serious here , but without the attendant benefits for citizens . 
  well , here we 're just talking past each other . 
  i do n't disagree with what you 're saying as such , but were using different contexts in our statements . 
  when i say we have issues that are no less serious here i 'm not comparing us to * greece , * but rather to the eu . 
  greece 's economy is roughly 2 % of the eu 's economy . 
  i 'm not saying the problem is n't serious . 
  i 'm saying that our economic problems are no less serious than the eu 's problems vis-\u00e1-vis greece . 
  but then we 're comparing apples to oranges to a degree , so there 's no need to dig a trench over that point . 
  when i say it 's not a fundamental flaw , i 'm not referring to the esoterica of how the european economy is structured , but rather the citizen-focused orientation of european public policy as compared to public policy in the u.s. that 's what the original point was above . 
  having lived in europe i know firsthand what immense differences exist between us and them in terms of quality of life . 
  of course it does n't come without a cost . 
  but it 's worth it , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's almost unfathomable to most americans what life * feels * like when you do n't have to give a second thought to the cost of medical care , higher education , and raising children -- when nearly 30 days of paid vacation is mandatory and laws favor the consumer , or individual citizen . 
  the stuff people were bringing up in this thread about taxes is just another example of this . 
  there , they do the calculations and you sign off . 
  here they could do the same , but they do n't . 
  they do n't , because our government is responsive to moneyed interests and is not particularly interested in crafting public policy that makes life better for the voiceless citizen . 
  * this * model -- the one at work in europe -- is neither fundamentally flawed nor on the verge of collapse , and policymakers in europe are not interested in reversing it . 
  they 've had to make adjustments , to be sure , but their orientation toward social welfare and the individual citizen has not changed , even in very difficult times . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying they 're not on the verge of collapse . 
  and they 're not . 
  sure , no problem . 
  it 's an odd name and a common mistake . 
  i squinted at it for years until i was convinced . 
  only slightly so . 
  but that 's not really the point . 
  the thing about religious conservatism is that very often it 's just garden variety conservatism dressed in the garb of religion . 
  people who identify as christians do n't run to the bible to justify their positions unless the topic is specifically invoked , by and large . 
  many christians and christian organizations have ( and in the relatively recent past have had ) strong opinions against smoking , drinking , dancing , cursing , and so on -- none of which are specifically proscribed in scripture . 
  it seems strange , but it 's really a more complex thing than `` what the bible says . '', 
  i would refine this position further to include intangible value as a factor . 
  paying interest is not a bad thing either . 
  there 's nothing wrong with paying interest . 
  paying interest in excess of value gained is a bad idea generally , but keep in mind that value is often subjective . 
  for example , if it takes me three years to save for the couch i want and i have the option to buy it now at an interest rate that will make the ultimate price paid $ 800 higher , that $ 800 is n't money out the window . 
  it pays for 1 ) three years ' worth of immediate couch use and 2 ) the ability to use money that would otherwise have to be put away for the couch , for other things . 
  now , what these two things are really * worth * will vary from person to person . 
  that 's why it 's not easy to say with certainty that paying this much , that much , or no interest is the only sensible option . 
  it 's funny this has become a cliche . 
  i met my wife in an irish pub in germany that was called the irish pub and had some actually irish staff . 
  we 've been married 24 years , and irish pub stuff has special meaning for us . 
  console vs. pc issues aside , i 'm 43 and i ca n't convince any of my age-group friends that a ps3 is a kickass machine ( not because they know better , either ) . 
  by the way , i 'm not a `` gamer '' by any stretch , although i do enjoy some games quite a bit and still browse the new offerings in case anything interesting comes up . 
  i used to be all-pc myself . 
  the thing is , i bought the ps3 years ago as a gaming machine and it has migrated to a central position in our home entertainment setup . 
  to start with , it plays blu-rays ( i still believe in physical media for some things ) , but more importantly it has dlna support for media servers . 
  i have movies , tv , pictures , and music stored on my pc and i stream them through a media server to the ps3 , which is of course connected to my main tv . 
  yes , i know this can be done without the ps3 as a middleman , but because the ps3 does games and physical media as well , and has a simple , intuitive interface , i 'm happy with it . 
  edit : blu-rays . 
  yeah , that makes sense . 
  if all that stuff is already in place , switching to what i have only makes sense if the ps3 gaming element is desired . 
  i bought the dvd a number of years ago because i found it discounted . 
  the other day during a complete rearrangement of my family room ( i.e. , entertainment room ) i found it , still shrink wrapped in plastic . 
  i 'd bought it because i loved it , but i never watched the dvd i bought because i 'd seen it so many times already . 
  a surprising number of people i 've known have done a round in florida as young adults , only to high-tail it back to somewhere more familiar after months of shit jobs with no pay , or no jobs . 
  they should start putting leaflets in high school diplomas warning against doing this . 
  the civil war was n't about slavery, 
  this is the kind of shit that keeps me from spending more time in this sub . 
  i 've seen some good stuff happen here , but too often it 's stuff like this . 
  there 's a point being discussed , and within a few exchanges it becomes clear that the people involved do n't even agree on which way is up , let alone have the capacity to actually discuss something substantive . 
  people thoroughly exhaust themselves debating facts that * are n't even in dispute * among people who know what they 're talking about , and as a consequence `` discussion '' never happens . 
  also , the civil war was about slavery . 
  master 's degree , private institution . 
  good day . 
  i have an excellent one to add to the list . 
  the only thing is , you have to use a vpn to sign up and use the service if you 're not in germany ( or europe , anyway ) , and you 'll probably have to find a disposable sms online for verification . 
  but if german tv is what you want and you 're comfortable with the tools i just mentioned , this place is excellent . 
  it 's called magine and you can sign up at magine.com . 
  it 's a swedish service that compiles a number of standard german television streams into a single interface . 
  check it out !, 
  do n't know why you got downvoted . 
  just about every other state allows alcohol to be shipped to its residents directly . 
  there * is * no local supplier for linie aquavit in pa. 
  the only reason for this shit law is that the state has a monopoly on liquor sales and relies on the revenue from it . 
  technically , you can have alcohol shipped to a wine and spirits store or some stupid shit , but fuck that . 
  and fuck pa and the stupid reasons it gives for not eliminating this stupid practice . 
  i believe that traditionally , `` college '' referred to smallish , more specialized institutions ( e.g. , `` teacher 's college '' ) , whereas `` university , '' as the name implies , referred to larger institutions that made an effort to educate their students more `` universally . '', 
  i guess it 's a bit like the way we use words like `` town , '' `` city , '' `` borough , '' ( or street , avenue , lane ) and so on . 
  there is a distinction in reality , but not in the minds of most people . 
  also , i believe most places that started as colleges began behaving like universities , even if they did n't change their name, 
  can we dispense with the notion that obama has ever had a `` leftist '' agenda , please ? 
  nearly everything he 's promoted since he 's been in office is right of center in the rest of the developed world . 
  also , your comment about `` leftist '' thinking being naive and childish is interesting , considering that countries around the world that have adopted such policies are outperforming us on numerous metrics , which to me translates quite well into having a responsible view toward the future . 
  my daughter has moved to europe for just this reason , and good on her . 
  she 's better off . 
   there needs to be some sense of proportion here . 
  indeed . 
  world population at 1650 -- about the halfway point of the inquisition -- was about 500 million . 
  so , proportionally , your 3000 becomes about 42,000 . 
  just sayin ' . 
  i think the keep it 100 bit should be just one item in a larger bag of tricks , like tip o ' the hat/wag of the finger , the word , etc. 
  the show 's only been on for a week and a half and there 's already something tedious about that segment . 
  there needs to be an element of surprise to keep things interesting , in my opinion . 
  yeah , that 's a very two-ish seven . 
  without knowing the chronology , i thought to myself as i was reading the translation , * damn , the guy was being congratulated by einstein at 25 ? 
  not bad !, 
  i 'm with you on this one .
