  in short , i 'm trying to be productive in my discussions where i can be . 
  i do n't think that too many people come away from being insulted or made to feel unwelcome thinking `` maybe they have a point . '', 
  so , there you go . 
  way more than you asked for . 
  i 'm going to stop telling my wife stuff , in honor of him . 
  suit yourself . 
  i clock my data all the time . 
  edit : whadda you guys know ? 
  my data was asking for it . 
  data should know its place . 
  that 's how it 's done , son . 
  wan na fly under your parents ' radar ? 
  just hook your router up to an old satellite dish . 
  then at breakfast , ask them if people have really died from auto-erotic asphyxiation or if it 's just an urban legend . 
  no , no , no . 
  * clock * frequencies , silly . 
  no judgment , man . 
  not everybody knows this stuff . 
  because i 'm totally yanking your chain and not being obvious enough about it . 
  :-) you 're a good sport , man . 
  i was just feeling a little goofy . 
  they have canadian versions of those cities . 
  not a math guy , so i 'm sure my use of the terminology is n't quite right , but i want to say that the algorithm favors sustained upvoting and weighs upvotes according to a logarithmic scale . 
  put more plainly , x upvotes in 10 minutes are worth as much as 10x upvotes in 100 minutes and 100x upvotes in 1,000 minutes . 
  in other words , 5,000 upvotes applied in a short period of time to a new post should cause the post to rocket ahead very quickly , but the post would have to have equal greater than 10 times the support in the second time block just to tread water . 
  the posts you 're talking about could have been self-sabotaged through rapid initial support that ran out of steam both in real numbers and in the algorithm 's expectation of logarithmically increasing upvoting for sustained visibility . 
  edit : well , that downvote was indeed a persuasive rebuttal . 
    day 2, 
   posts were going up for like a week after the fph ban . 
  you could go to r/all/rising and posts with thousands of upvotes would n't appear on r/all . 
  first of all , both shows are `` cancelled . '', 
  that 's what they call it when the show is n't being made anymore . 
  whether it 's being * aired * is another matter , and it would depend on the market and the station . 
  there will be places where one , both , or neither are being aired . 
  notwithstanding the deep cynicism around this topic , fph was n't banned for its content . 
  the funny thing is , the same chorus of complaints about reddit `` banning politically incorrect speech '' included statements like yours . 
  the problem with this , of course , is that it undermines the ground-level assumption so many people want to make that reddit and/or ellen pao is covering for an ulterior motive . 
  the truth is that * not * banning those other subs is entirety consistent with reddit 's public statement that the ban was n't about content . 
  this question has been dealt with academically , but it 's been a long time since i was in touch with the work , so i ca n't reproduce a full answer here . 
  in short , though , it has to do with the nature of kinship , particularly among people living in poverty . 
  a person does n't `` just move '' out of such an environment -- at least not a person who understands himself to be a part of that environment and not someone who is temporarily `` stuck '' there . 
  to do so -- where it 's even possible -- would not only constitute turning your back on kin , but also cutting * yourself * off from that kinship . 
  it 's quite an interesting thing to look at , and i think it takes time for it to make sense to anyone who has n't experienced it personally . 
  i 'm an american and i 'm going to concur with you here . 
  i get the philosophical underpinnings of natural rights , but they are little more than an ideal , if we 're honest with ourselves . 
  your point is n't popular , but one only needs to look at the evidence to determine to what degree natural rights manifest themselves in reality . 
  for example , can we find an example * other * than the declaration of independence wherein natural rights have been deferred to in the u.s. ? 
  has anyone successfully asserted them over a state interest ? 
  natural rights provided an excellent basis for the declaration , and the idea is certainly poetic , but i think it 's a steep uphill argument to make that they exist in reality . 
  i 'm trying to imagine anything she could possibly say that would n't be picked apart and downvoted to hell . 
  i agree that it * might have been * a smart move early on ( it 's arguable that it would n't have been , considering that she was unpopular from the start ) . 
  but i do n't know . 
  it seems to me that there 's an argument for silence too . 
  it 's easy to make sense of what that comment says . 
  what i see is that it acknowledges that genuine mistakes have been made , but also says that a lot of the anger and indignation is unfounded , uninformed , or exaggerated . 
  there are comments in this thread , for example , that say such things as 1 ) pao did n't apologize personally ( not realizing that it was she who personally made the apology ) , and 2 ) no specific mistakes were acknowledged in the apology ( even though they were ) . 
  people are demanding things that make no sense -- like an explanation for the firing of victoria , which nobody has any right to demand except perhaps victoria . 
  or the unbanning of fph , which is a stupid thing to ask for . 
  there 's nothing irreconcilable about saying that actual mistakes were made , and that people 's reaction to those mistakes is overblown . 
  as a shapeshifter i take exception to this comment . 
  every one of my shapes belongs to me . 
  you 're leaving out the `` literally nobody except '' part , which is relevant . 
  three pillars of a movement that thrives on scapegoating and perpetual victimhood ( a.k.a. 
  tpoamttosapv for short ) :, 
  1 ) behave as if you are owed something , even though you are not . 
  2 ) make lack of communication a central theme of your victimhood narrative . 
  3 ) dismiss communication when it is received because doing anything else would undermine pillars # 1 and # 2 . 
  4 ) make new pillars , even when a specific number of pillars is given in the heading and you have satisfied that number of pillars . 
  5 ) be cynical and skeptical ad absurdum . 
  6 ) co-opt an esoteric issue between mods and admins to push your personal narrative of victimhood . 
  7 ) behave as if you know certain things to be true , whether or not you actually do . 
  they already demonstrated that , by stating unequivocally that they were n't doing so , and by not banning more offensive subreddits . 
  because the evidence supports it ? 
  well , that 's a fair place to start . 
  that 's where i started . 
  as a conservative , i really hate when my people try to level the playing field by reducing other people 's hard work and scholarship to the level of opinion . 
  this is a good mea culpa . 
  an upvote for you . 
  well , this makes sense . 
  vanilla beans are pretty hard to come by , whereas i can barely take a step without tripping over a beaver anus . 
  can confirm . 
  work in hating the same thing . 
   gentrification, 
  i 'm an american with a graduate-level education ( not in math or statistics , of course ) , and i 've never heard this term in my life . 
  it 's part of the enhancement . 
  political science . 
  we had a research methods course , but it did n't cover this concept . 
  i also finished it 18 years ago , so there 's that , too . 
  what a complete tool that guy is . 
  i thought he might be a troll , but he seems to hang around in all the subs you 'd expect him to . 
  okay , so it 's the amount of , uh . 
  the one thing is going up , and we have upside-down fucks in the market , and . 
  so he 's a dick , right ? 
  right . 
  the lesson is never `` gee , i really * do n't * know shit about what 's going on . 
  maybe i should just shut the fuck up and stop embarrassing myself . '', 
  somebody actually replied ( paraphrased ) : `` so it was * you * who made the decision . 
  does this mean you 'll be bringing victoria back ? '', 
  this place can be really weird , man . 
  wow , so a bunch of us are in that boat , huh ?
