  i gave . 
  you know , it would be nice to see running totals for the fundraising effort . 
  i see that the link has a tag for tracking the follow-through . 
  i 'd really love to see what reddit brings in , as well as overall totals . 
  will this information ever be made available ? 
  takin ' the high road , are we ? 
  there 's one in every crowd . 
  thank goodness . 
  should 've said this myself instead of asking if it was the new `` yes we can ! '', 
  / r/circlebrokebroke ? 
  * aw , here we go again with those guys complainin ' . 
  what 's with all the complainin ' ? 
  * -- came here to say this . 
  i 'm so sick of all the complainin ' . 
  * -------- this . 
  * ------------ ayyy lmao . 
  * -------- here 's the thing . 
  * this thread has been linked to another place on reddit . 
  * [ / r/circlebrokebrokebroke ] guys , they 're complainin ' about the complainin ' again . 
  can you believe this shit ? 
  but can i do it from the comfort my home ? 
  i think you misunderstand what makes us look like a joke . 
  edit : obviously someone with superlative powers of self-reflection disagrees . 
  carry on , scholar . 
  you sound like someone who cares about this place . 
  if that 's true , then ask yourself what kind of behavior reflects our highest ideals . 
  look at the complaints in the declaration of independence and ask yourself whether it 's a lack of compassion or a respect for a person 's humanity that made this place qualitatively better than the place it separated from . 
  the best and most moral authority is one that recognizes and abides by its limits . 
  we have thousands of years of brutal retributive justice in our history and scarcely a few hundred that distinguish themselves from the rest . 
  checks on authority , restraint , and due process are important parts of what makes the modern era modern . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , but if you 're talking about the riots , i do n't see a joke and i do n't believe our friends in the west do either . 
  i think there 's more bewilderment than anything . 
  at this point we 're mainly riding our own coattails of the moral authority we once took for granted . 
  we used to be * champions * of human rights ( with some embarrassing exceptions , yes ) , and we used to wag our fingers at others and demand change from them . 
  who 's going to take us seriously if we do n't get our shit together ? 
  the embarrassment -- or joke , if you want to call it that -- is that we allow our communities to deteriorate as we do . 
  the joke is that the richest country in the world ca n't muster the political will to make necessary sacrifices for its own people . 
  i 'm sure that almost everyone in this country would stand by the statement , `` blaming the victim is unacceptable , '' but in practice , when we really just want to blame the victim , we deny their victimhood . 
  dude , you want your life to change even more ? 
  get a bidet attachment . 
  i 've got a squatty potty and a bidet attachment on the same can , and it 's been nothing short of a revolution for my butt . 
  i could pinch off slices of a sushi roll that would pass an fda inspection . 
  a four-star hotel toilet seems no better than a foxhole straddle trench to me now . 
  i take it you 're young . 
  if that 's what you see here , then i understand a little better why you hold the opinions you do . 
  if i ever made an argument like this , it was no less than 30 years ago . 
  i can hold my own just fine without such appeals . 
  it 's fine , though . 
  i did n't expect you to just change your mind . 
  but you have something to think about when you 're done being angry or young or whatever it is that 's keeping you from evaluating your opinions more critically . 
  i 'm not judging you . 
  i just do n't think your opinions represent us at our best . 
  also children , apparently . 
  i did n't go to college for nothing , man . 
  cool . 
  1998 called . 
  wants its insults back . 
  yup , you ca n't go back after you have one . 
  takes some getting used to , but there 's no booty like a bidet booty . 
  no kidding . 
  well , every writer needs a stylus . 
  it takes finesse . 
  see , i got a model that does lady bits too . 
  i just kept selling her on the lady bits functionality . 
  and the people laughed at and mocked noah for building that ark , and look what happened to them . 
  what became of them ? 
  they gave us comcast , that 's what became of them . 
  and now the world has to suffer for their sin . 
  have you ever looked at your butt in a microscope ? 
  it ai n't clean until it 's bidet clean . 
  chemistry is theft . 
  it 's just a holdover from now-antiquated racial classifications . 
  i do n't know where the terms originated , but we used to classify the world 's races into one of three broad groups ( and do n't shoot the messenger . 
  i did n't make it up ) : caucasoid , negroid , and mongoloid . 
  i believe it was based on skull shape . 
  vestiges of these classifications are still present in certain parts of the language , including ( in the united states at least ) , the use of the term `` caucasian '' on government forms to denote , generally , whiteness . 
  nah , they built a bridge out of me cuz they thought i was a duck . 
  what i love most about the united states of america is that we have the freedom to make jokes and not always intend our words to be statements of our core values as human beings . 
  you ca n't do that in . 
  well , you can do it anywhere . 
  but i still love the fact that we can do it here . 
  well i did say `` anywhere , '' which is part of europe . 
  germany gives you the freedom to say that in the united states , my friend . 
  we can pretend anything we want here !, 
  edit : til humor does n't come through sometimes in texteses . 
  well he could sure draw a building better than i could ever hope for . 
  let them imprison me . 
  i ca n't draw a better building . 
  i also made a dry joke , and they 're not always obvious . 
  plus , you never know what you 're dealing with on reddit . 
  i find you not guilty . 
  it 's because i almost said something ridiculous enough to be taken seriously . 
  unless your country was reduced to rubble through the exercise of that speech . 
  look , every country in the world is full of shit . 
  we have the values we can afford to have . 
  edit : some people believe germany . 
  * germany * . 
  is being unreasonable for refusing to allow nazi speech . 
  also , some people are obtuse as fuck about the ideals they take for granted . 
  i just disagree .
