  the comment to which i responded referred to the `` early u.s. , '' and so i was under the assumption that our response to the king of england was n't part of the equation . 
  what you spoke of was the absence of the type of `` selfishness '' that brings free university education and healthcare to a country 's citizens , and my response was that our society in that time did n't call for that level of government involvement because the means by which people survived was fundamentally different compared to today . 
  nor was there a need to provide such benefits in order to remain internationally competitive , whereas today we 're being left in the dust in a lot of areas by the countries that do provide them . 
  in 1790 we had a population of about 4,000,000 , 90 % of whom lived and worked on farms . 
  it is disingenuous to compare society 's levels of `` freedom '' then and now without taking into account the fact that society 's needs in the two time periods are fundamentally different . 
  dude . 
  i 'm going to pretend , for the sake of avoiding a short circuit in my brain , that you did not just make a claim that totalitarianism is what the left , and only the left , must rely on to realize its goals , while ignoring the glaring example of the right doing the very same thing in nazi germany in order to realize * its * goals . 
  totalitarianism is not the exclusive refuge of the left . 
  it is a tool used by governments characterized by a full range of ideological persuasions across history . 
  take it out of the american context for a moment . 
  there were progressive roman emperors and conservative ones , but they were all dictators . 
  big government did n't create the industrial revolution or the information economy . 
  government `` steals '' to fulfill its responsibility under the so-called `` social contract . '', 
  at its smallest , it `` stole '' to provide a system of justice , transportation infrastructure , and other things that were necessary to allow its people to do other things than kill each other over land and food stores . 
  the social contract has evolved since then and people in modern western economies demand more from their government because a great many people ca n't provide for themselves the things that they need to be competitive in the modern world . 
  it is in the best interest of both the people and the government of this country to maximize the competitive edge of its citizenry , unless we are comfortable with the notion of regressing to a lower tier in the world market . 
  yes , i would like to put everyone i disagree with on one side too . 
  only the real world is more complex than that . 
  your scale is n't `` correct . '', 
  it 's `` correct for you . '', 
  i can say the moon is made of cheese and be happy with that , too . 
  libertarianism -- at least as it 's manifested in the american political scene today -- is an amalgam of both left and right ideologies , making it difficult to classify using the language we 've become accustomed to in this country . 
  it gets lumped in with the right fairly often because of its laissez-faire views on capitalism and the economy , and those are big-ticket issues that people focus on in their effort to label other people and movements . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qslbr8f.png ) is how we 're doing on the war on poverty compared to other nations , which undoubtedly accomplished what they did by cutting taxes and letting their people have at it . 
  now i 'm going to do some work so i can help my country buy more tanks and stealth bombers and shit . 
  sorry , but i 'm too out of the loop to understand this reference , although it 's clear that plenty of others do . 
  could someone please explain ? 
  painting with a rather broad stroke , eh , buddy ? 
  we need a new word for that same minority within the cunt population . 
  ah , thanks for bringing me up to speed . 
  when i was 15 ( yes , before i had a license ) my friend let me borrow his ford fairmont . 
  it was a three-speed manual . 
  i somehow got it jammed in second or third gear so i left it in the mall parking lot and we returned with a friend who said pretty confidently that he could nurse the thing home . 
  as soon as he made the left out of the parking lot there was a hill , and he could n't get momentum . 
  smoke and stink billowed from the car and surrounded it , causing great embarrassment . 
  thinking back , i ca n't believe what we did . 
  it seemed like a good idea at the time . 
  i got behind my friend 's car with his * mother 's * car and * pushed * him the whole 10 miles to the garage near where we lived . 
  it 's horrifying to think about , but we did it successfully . 
  yes , we can . 
  my understanding is that european ( sorry if you 're a u.k. exceptionalist ) standards for earning a license are much higher than here . 
  i know they are for germany , anyway . 
  i ca n't remember what it is , but there 's a subreddit dedicated to this vernacular . 
  seems like you might be german . 
  in german , * wert * is sufficient , but in english it 's a little different . 
  `` worth '' has to be followed by something not a verb . 
  if you want to know if a given experience was * wert * , you need the `` it '' followed by the infinitive verb . 
  i.e. , * was it worth it to drive all that way ? 
  * or , as has been pointed out , you could say * was it worth driving all that way ? 
  it 's not centralization that has caused this . 
  it 's the lack of political will on all levels to make meaningful changes to the system . 
  the system needs to be restructured , and centralized control would actually help bring this about more efficiently . 
  ideas abound , but we 're too politically gridlocked to do what would make the most sense , which is to look at who is doing it better than we are and do * that * . 
  in europe you typically find short summer breaks and tiered systems . 
  kids who show strong academic promise get routed into programs that focus on preparation for university education . 
  kids with more technical/vocational skills get sent to programs that provide * meaningful * preparation for the workplace . 
  in the u.s. there is a huge political problem with this idea because we 've adopted the notion that parents should be able to tell the school what to do . 
  and everyone wants their kid to go to college . 
  so we have a one-size-fits-all system that underserves both strong academic types * and * the vocationally minded . 
  you 're confusing a centralized system with a centralized curriculum . 
  the system , centralized , can be structured to meet the diverse needs of students . 
  this is what you see in many european countries , which outperform us in many areas . 
  the system is already decentralized . 
  that 's part of its very nature . 
  localities have become dependent on federal money , though , so the federal government has held them to certain standards as a condition , which gives the appearance of centralization . 
  so if decentralization is what you want , you have to raise local property taxes dramatically . 
  just tell your school board that and see what they say . 
  the idea that teachers ' unions give bad teachers refuge is a popular misconception , certainly supported by anecdotes that highlight the exception over the rule . 
  teachers ' unions enforce collectively bargained salaries and force district administrators to make a valid case before letting a teacher go . 
  if a teacher sucks he can still be fired . 
  administrators just have to do * their * homework to make it happen . 
  i do n't disagree with this at all . 
  i will read your links , but have n't yet . 
  i know there 's a serious problem with inequality in our school system . 
  i do n't think my advocacy of centralized control is necessarily a hindrance to mitigating this problem , however . 
  in fact , it could be part of the solution . 
  right now , the lions share of school funding comes from local property taxes . 
  naturally this becomes a serious problem in areas that do n't have a strong tax base , i.e. , impoverished areas . 
  removing the burden ( or enough of it ) from localities could help pave the way to a more equitable system . 
  the interstate highway system , the healthcare systems of canada , australia , europe , and scandanavia , bureaus of weights and measures , the fda , our military ( best in the world ) , the education systems of almost every industrialized nation besides our own , national and international standards for industrial materials and electrical components , automobile safety inspection requirements here and abroad , the european union , and on and on and on . 
  i mean , i know you did n't give that comment much thought , right ? 
  no argument with this , except the absoluteness of `` has n't been true for decades . '', 
  you 're right about states in particular having big sway over mandates . 
  the federal government has crept in quite a bit too , not with statutory authority but with the power of the purse . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean with `` beyond the financial aspect . '', 
  the federal government has no constitutional authority over state education systems , but it can withdraw federal funds from states that do n't comply with certain mandates . 
  still , the issue of * how * the various mandates are implemented is entirely up to individual districts . 
  my point is not to contradict you outright so much as underscore the reality that there are multiple levels of `` authority '' and that `` centralized '' standards are not the culprit . 
  we probably agree that the system of high-stakes testing currently in place in most districts has encouraged both cheating and teaching to the test . 
  but the problem is n't the tests themselves or the degree of centralization involved . 
  it 's that one-size-fits-all mandates are being placed on localities with vastly differing resources available . 
  i 'm not saying centralization is a silver bullet , but centralizing the resources * along with * the standards would go a long way toward more equitable outcomes . 
  well that 's part of the problem : politics . 
  we have such a diverse population in this country -- culturally , politically , and economically -- and it would be a nightmare to put a body like congress in charge of curriculum and standards . 
  privatization is an ugly concept to me because education is a sort of public good , like a state park or clean air , and infusing it with the profit motive would introduce a whole host of new problems that would take me a great deal more time than i have to get into at the moment . 
  but you can look at the disaster that has been the privatization of prisons for a hint as to what you might expect . 
  what i have to offer is an opinion based on my experience working in the system and in seeing other systems at work in other countries ( germany in particular . 
  i lived there for 3-1/2 years . ), 
  i do n't claim that it would solve all of our issues , but i think it would go a long way toward improvement . 
  i think the system should be tiered and centralized .
