  we walked for two evenings in a row and then had to take a week off because my abdomen was in such pain i could hardly sleep through the night . 
  if we end up having to resort to cannibalism in the near future , i 'm telling you , i 'm your guy . 
  you know what i like about this ? 
  it 's the part where it furthers the understanding that generations do n't have platforms , representatives , and messages that we all rally behind . 
  i 'm 43 , and i 'm young enough to feel as if my entry into middle age is recent , but i 'm old enough to be a bit of a curmudgeon . 
  high on my list of irksome things is 20-somethings pontificating about `` baby boomers '' and all the shit they supposedly did . 
  ( and for those who do n't know it , i 'm not one of them . 
  they were my parents ' generation . ), 
  to borrow a familiar reddit meme , `` it 's almost as if there were many thousands of them , with their own opinions ! '', 
  they did all the same shit we would have done had we been in their shoes . 
  also , i do n't give a shit who gets a trophy . 
  i 'm a guy who grew up in new england , spent four years in the army and went to college and grad school . 
  i 've worked hard at empathy and understanding the other guy . 
  i was a conservative republican , then a libertarian , and now what i guess most americans would call a `` liberal , '' even though my views are basically mainstream in most of the developed world . 
  and i try . 
  i * really * want to reach out to the other side and establish some good faith , because i was one of them during a period of my life . 
  but i do n't understand this . 
  i have a very difficult time excusing it . 
  i want to throw them a bone , but i ca n't . 
  sometimes when you reach out in good faith you just get met with more crazy . 
  if you have electricity and a computer with an internet connection -- if you have * any * means of evaluating your fears ( which i will refrain from judging ) -- then seriously , fuck you . 
  texas is a big place with an interesting history . 
  and i respect everyone who lives there as a human being . 
  but this shit should n't be tolerated by anyone , liberal or conservative . 
  what an irresponsible fuckstick of a governor . 
  i remember that ad very well . 
  ( i guess a lot of people do . ), 
  it 's good your dad had that attitude . 
  my parents came from a conservative line of ministers . 
  they did n't talk politics much ( most likely due to the inconsistencies that accompanied having christian values in a world where `` christian conservatives '' were doing decidedly unchristian things ) , but they sympathized with republican politics during that time , which i suppose is what `` decent '' people were expected to do . 
  anyway , the thing that made me do a double-take not too long ago was the apparently non-controversial claim among the yoots that `` baby boomers used up all the subsidies and now we have nothing and that 's why college costs so much and blah , blah , blah . '', 
  and wow , i 'm not much of a `` put 'em in their place '' kind of guy , but i could n't * sleep * without telling these people to pull their heads out of their temporarily hemorrhoid-free asses and remind them that ten-odd years of fearing your draft number coming up -- or going to vietnam and coming home with one leg to people spitting on you , only to find that a mortgage was running around 15 % or so -- is not the traditional understanding of greed and irresponsibility . 
  and also , * what subsidies ? 
  but yeah , anyway , nice to hear from someone who remembers the time . 
  ( only 70s kids will get this . ), 
  i joke to my wife all the time about the irony of being a so-called liberal while gliding into the `` get off my lawn '' mentality . 
  i 'm okay with it , though . 
  i 'll keep speaking up for the little guy , even when the little guy is a punky douche . 
  or a douchey punk . 
  or whatever you call people today who are that . 
  edit : hey , fun fact :, 
  when i was a kid my dad ran a daycare center in boston . 
  dukakis did a psa and somehow chose this place to film it . 
  i was there when they did . 
  ( i was , like , one of three white kids in the picture . 
  i guess they needed me . ), 
  all i remember was the camera woman telling us to look at the governor when he said the word `` kids . '', 
  god , is that the cheesiest thing in the history of planet earth . 
  friends at school said they saw me on tv . 
  i never saw the thing . 
  connecticut , eh ? 
  i did teenhood there . 
  my dad worked at e.b. 
  you know , i feel like this is the same shit as we had leading up to the civil war . 
  ( no , i am not saying that 's where we 're headed . 
  relax for a second . ), 
  but you know : the whole thing with the north being industrialized and the south being all not . 
  we seem to have this sensibility in the northeast that 's like * well duh . 
  secret shit happens and sometimes a cow gets inadvertently drained of its blood . 
  * kidding . 
  more like * yeah , you want a badass military , but you do n't want any secrets to be kept ? 
  we just do n't get so worked up out here . 
  i guess there are pockets of subculture that are just too much work for us to understand . 
  seriously , i 'd pay $ 1,000 more a year in taxes to subsidize month-long trips to europe or somewhere for anyone west of the mississippi who believes in some bullshit . 
  i 'd give them pocket money and let them live there for a month . 
  if they came back still believing stupid shit i would send them back with broken legs and let them get fixed up for nothing while people still treat them like human beings . 
  if they came back after that believing in stupid shit i 'd just shoot myself and let them have the country . 
  edit : this is just me being a little fed up . 
  it should be obvious , but it 's safer to make clear that i do n't mean any of this literally . 
  it 's just . 
  people need to be held accountable for being aware of the size of the planet and the diversity of the people on it . 
  not a goddamn one of us is special . 
  not one . 
  not special in a way that justifies favoritism under the law , anyway . 
  if you 're patriotic , then you love the country you have , not the one you wish you had . 
  ring a bell ? 
  i will not argue with that !, 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  what 's crazy about being this age ( for me , anyway ) is how quickly things fall apart . 
  it was only a few months ago when i was using the treadmill fairly regularly ( about three times a week , sometimes more ) , and making decent progress . 
  stuff got in the way and i took some time off . 
  until very recently i was barely getting any exercise in at all , and that 's when i told my wife that i want to get moving again . 
  believe me , i was surprised . 
  i thought i 'd have * something * left over from when i 'd been more active , but no . 
  today ( in contrast to what feels like not long ago -- but it 's really like 5 or 10 years ) , i lose ground very quickly . 
  a few years ago i had a job where i was on my feet most of the day and had to do physical stuff . 
  now i 'm at home and i can go days without wearing pants if i want to . 
  it 's just a matter of forcing myself to do the stuff i do n't feel like doing , but should . 
  i 'm working on it . 
  we 're walking again and i do n't have that pain anymore . 
  it was really weird when it happened . 
  just a reminder that at 43 , maintenance is not quite optional anymore . 
  at this age , mind and body can be in a bit of dissonance . 
  this is the sober truth . 
  for good reasons that we do n't want to change , the president 's authority is limited . 
  and generally , the american public ( including me , without question ) expects too much from , and ascribes too much credit * and * blame to the president . 
  i do believe bernie is the right choice . 
  but it will be important for all of us to recognize the limits of his authority . 
  edit : also important to reframe the conversation . 
  people need to understand that freedom and progressive policies are not mutually exclusive .
