  they must 've been flying lower than they 're now allowed to , because my wife explained that it was n't a terribly uncommon thing to have happen before reunification , but that the one i experienced was something they `` were no longer supposed to do . '', 
  it 's no joke . 
  unions ca n't use dues money for political activity . 
  they sometimes ( often ? ), 
  sponsor their own pacs and encourage members to donate to the pac . 
  source : was union treasurer . 
  itt : lots of non-americans who know * way * more about us than most americans could ever hope to know about foreign politics or political parties . 
  maybe our politics is like our language : something foreigners seem to pick up effortlessly through exposure . 
  aside from # 3 , it seems to me as if these quotes could be pasted onto an image of anyone 's favorite pundit and admired . 
  the third one is the only real `` tell '' that i could see . 
  the second is a giveaway only because * they * say it so much , but it could apply almost anywhere . 
  my sister is one of those people who post patriotic anti-obama stuff on facebook all the time . 
  she 's lived beyond her means for years by gouging the equity from her home , and she recently applied for the `` obama '' hardship mortgage restructuring program . 
  she also runs a business from her home and claims expenses that are so high that her net income is low enough to qualify her ( or at least her kids ) for state-sponsored health care . 
  she almost married a guy of a similar political persuasion whose solution to an outrageously high medical bill was to refuse to pay it . 
  i took some classes with a single mom who was collecting unemployment compensation , who said she hopes she does n't get a job before finishing her program so her tuition would still be covered . 
  when the conversation moved to politics , she told me that she 's a republican . 
  * really ? 
  a republican ? 
  * i asked . 
  `` yes , a republican '' she said with a glare that seemed to say * you got a problem with that ? 
  * well , yeah . 
  i kinda do . 
  these people are n't about the principles . 
  they 're about belonging to a social club that uses the right code words . 
  few of them see the irony in their behavior . 
  strict accounting rules and reports . 
  locals collect dues from members . 
  the state-level organization sends `` bills '' that have to be paid by the local treasurers . 
  the local treasurers distribute accounting sheets of where dues money went to the membership and they get filed . 
  the same thing happens at the state level in their treasurers ' reports . 
  every penny is accounted for , and expenditures and balances are reported and recorded . 
  meanwhile , at state and local business meetings , a small amount of * time * is given in the agenda for the person who runs the pac to address the attendees and say * please remember to take some time to donate to x-pac . 
  it 's the only way your voice will be heard in [ insert state capital or washington ] . 
  thank you . 
  it 's illegal to mingle the funds , and no union wants to get screwed up in that . 
  now , unions will openly * endorse * a candidate and use dues money to inform their own membership of who they endorse and why . 
  but they will not support a campaign or candidate with dues money . 
  only pac money . 
  also , when you sign the forms for payroll deduction for your dues , there may be a box you can check that says `` please also deduct x amount and send it to our pac . '', 
  check `` no '' and none of your money will go to the pac or end up supporting a political campaign ( other than through the internal communications i mentioned above ) . 
  it was before citizens united indeed . 
  where did you find this information ? 
  is it in the wiki or what ? 
  edit : looked it up myself . 
  the rules changed under cu indeed , but unions are still prohibited from using dues money to directly fund a candidate or campaign . 
  what cu changed is the rule that prohibited unions from spending dues money directly on * advocacy * ( i.e. , television commercials , leaflets , etc. ) . 
  now , after cu , unions may do this , but they have to disclose the source of the money , and they are still prohibited from using dues money for direct financial support . 
  it 's a fine line , i know , but it 's still incorrect to say that `` unions are funneling their money to politicians . '', 
  that 's still illegal . 
  merkel is a center-right politician in germany . 
  30-40 years ago is when nyc was a much rougher place to be . 
  times square was a dumpy place full of drug addicts and adult theaters , etc. -- not the touristy place it is now . 
  by '96 things had shaped up quite a bit . 
  merkel and her government are center-right in germany . 
  the other commenter answered your question well enough , but just fyi , it might be a good idea to be clear that english is n't your first language when you ask questions like this one . 
  i noticed that you got downvoted , and it 's possible that this happened because your question was actually worded quite well , and people might not have taken you seriously . 
  of * course * that 's what 's going on here . 
  i provided services for `` a large online retailer '' who worked through an intermediary who has several articles available on its landing page ( for clients , and only after submitting information ) about how to avoid problems with `` classification . '', 
  it even has a cost/benefit calculator for assessing the risk of walking the line regarding classification . 
  not too long ago , microsoft lost a lawsuit in which `` contractors '' sued for benefits because they were de facto employees . 
  their response ? 
  all `` contractors '' must take 100 consecutive days off a year before being assigned new work . 
  it 's very clearly the new model for skirting employment laws . 
  my daughter works for a company in germany that uses the same model ( i was surprised as shit to see this happening there ) , although the political climate there is still favorable to workers . 
  remember : the department of labor uses 20 ( or so ) questions to determine whether someone is a genuine contractor or an employee . 
  it 's not a black-and-white issue , and although it 'll take time , i believe that it wo n't be long before we see this loophole either tightened or closed . 
  ( i 'll put my money on germany doing it before the u.s. 
  does . ), 
  surprised as i was to hear about it at first , what i 've heard from my daughter leads me to believe that you 're correct about the problem being worse in germany than it is in the u.s. 
  i mean , she uses * their * method ( in which they trained her ) to conduct her work , has frequent access to a * company car , * of all things , and is basically under pressure to conduct her work in a manner that supports/promotes the brand . 
  those `` 20 questions '' asked by the dol , if you were to characterize them broadly , are about how much * control * the worker has over the work process ( time , tools , methods , ability to use subcontractors , etc. 
  ) , and i 'm all but certain that she would be viewed as an employee under u.s. law . 
  but it 's working for her right now and as you pointed out , she 's in a country where the overall supports are better than they are in the u.s. ( for example , `` independent contractors '' are not eligible for unemployment compensation in most , if not all , states in the u.s. ) , so we 're seeing it as a reasonable stepping stone for her over there . 
  still , it 's an issue that will have to be properly addressed before too long . 
  if things keep going the way they have been , eventually * nobody * will be employed in the traditional sense . 
  this is what conventional wisdom would have you ( and the indignant public ) believe , but it is incorrect . 
  many states ( if not most , by now ) that have adopted the adam walsh act ( aka sorna , under the same threat of denial of federal funds that had all states adopting a 55 mph speed limit for many years ) , as well as some of those that have n't adopted this law , have offenders classified according to the charge or charges they were convicted of , without any assessment of the person 's likelihood of reoffending , and without regard to the circumstances surrounding the offense . 
  in many states , it is not uncommon for first-time offenders ( whose offense ( s ) have more to do with the age of the victim than what most people would consider `` violent , '' i.e. , crimes that involve * actual * violence when the victim is above the age of consent , but are indistinguishable from non-coerced or what most people would consider `` non-violent '' offenses against people who are * under * that statutory age ) to be classified among the `` most dangerous , '' with quarterly lifetime in-person registration requirements for life , among other things . 
  the public likes to believe that these requirements are both necessary and just , but they 're not . 
  a lifetime registration requirement in the absence of a genuine threat assessment , for a first-time offense is as common today as it is unjust , and imo is a throwback to the kind of fear mongering `` justice '' that today we associate with joseph mccarthy and japanese internment . 
  here 's one : pa. . google `` sorna '' or `` adam walsh act '' for more if you require more . 
  look at the charges that result in those mandates . 
  recognize what they mean , and acknowledge that many people accept them through plea agreements . 
  they are not subjected to risk assessments that play a role in the registration requirement . 
  in pa , as in several other states , there are `` tier 3 '' charges that require lifetime registration that a person can acquire from a single sexual act with a person under the age of 16 . 
  one need not be a multiple offender nor `` rape a 12-year-old '' or whatever you assume to be given a lifetime registration requirement under sorna . 
  seriously , i do n't know why you 're even arguing the point anymore . 
  it 's in the plain text of the applicable statutes . 
  look at the offenses that are listed in the `` tier 3 '' category , then read what those offenses are defined as under the law , and you will discover that you are arguing an inarguable point . 
  i dunno , but all this talk has given me an appetite for some delta pi . 
  `` legal '' is a tricky term here . 
  also , what was going on is difficult to explain in brief . 
  i do n't have the time to provide sources or precise details , but i can give you a general idea of what type of fraud was happening . 
  in general , the financial services industry was taking advantage of unregulated , newly concocted financial products ( as well as poor oversight where regulation existed ) to make quick gains on dishonest transactions . 
  mortgages were being issued to people who were unlikely to be able to pay them off long-term ( that 's just the start of it , and the subject deserves its own discussion ) . 
  there was no incentive to ensure the viability of these mortgages , because the system encouraged short-term gains through quick bundling and selling of these mortgages ( which brings us to a whole other can of worms with the introduction of credit-default swaps , which was an unregulated form of insurance that was being abused throughout this whole thing ) . 
  for a quick example , a bank/broker/whatever would take a bundle of mortgages , divide them into tiers of quality , and rate them accordingly . 
  the top tier was aaa rated . 
  the bottom tier ( s ) were considered `` toxic '' and were therefore difficult to sell .
