  i think it 's kept alive , too , by young americans and esl redditors . 
  i wo n't get into a protracted thing over this . 
  i 've done it before and it 's not fun . 
  the thing is that yes , the singular `` they '' * can * be used in some cases . 
  but generally it should be avoided when a proper singular pronoun can be used without awkwardness . 
  it seems to me that people have taken the message `` the singular ` they ' is acceptable '' too liberally . 
  yes , it will be understood ( in many , but not all cases ) and yes , it it preferred when saying `` he or she '' is too awkward . 
  but a sentence like `` they 're a girl '' is like fingernails on a chalkboard . 
  it was the dogmatism that turned me away from libertarianism years ago . 
  i was fully into the label and was excited about a third party that might offer a sensible alternative to the dominant two . 
  the turning point for me came with an article in * reason * magazine . 
  the author made an offhand remark in the article suggesting that regulation of corporations was somehow inherently stupid or bad . 
  he was n't making an argument , but rather stating something he clearly expected his readership to have already accepted as fact . 
  i remember doing a bit of a double-take and from that point began noticing the pro-corporate language that i previously would have glossed over more and more . 
  i eventually became sickened by the lack of honesty about the market 's shortcomings . 
  i mean , no system or ideology is perfect , so it 's not asking too much for one to be honest about where the ideal breaks down . 
  at this point in my life i was in college and was well familiar with the practice in academic writing of outlining the weaknesses of one 's own position . 
  and the absence of any such practice among libertarians became more and more troubling to me . 
  eventually i turned my back on the whole movement because i did n't feel comfortable associating myself with a school of thought whose dominant voice utterly refused to be self-critical . 
  there are always people within any given political movement who will fight to the death defending the indefensible , but i found this behavior to be more prevalent on the right even when i considered myself to be * one of them . 
  * it was eventually a major factor in my migration to the left . 
  i would love to know if anyone was ever contacted as a result of using that button . 
  definitely late to this game , but here goes anyway :, 
  i think the problem with this question is that it suffers from an overbroad assumption , namely that `` drugs '' is a meaningful category around which to form public policy . 
  then you have to figure out where to draw the line between what constitutes behavior that affects only the individual and that which has implications for society at large . 
  i think society has a legitimate interest in containing behaviors that put an undue strain on its resources , whether that containment involves decriminalization , enforcement thresholds , or full enforcement . 
  the question for me is n't whether `` drugs '' should be made legal , but rather what society 's response should be to behaviors that cause it problems ( whether we 're talking about healthcare , productivity , enforcement , or what-have-you ) . 
  i think our greatest error is n't which side of `` legal vs. illegal '' we 've adhered to , but instead our lopsided and vengeful manner of assigning culpability to individual actors . 
  i believe that society * ought * to address the harm caused by , say , heroin addiction , but that it should do so in a way that does n't punish people as if it were their intention to cause that harm . 
  i could flesh this out more but it probably wo n't be seen by too many , and it 's my view in a nutshell , so i 'll leave it at that for now . 
  toddler in the house . 
  make the skin of others into clothing and you 're seen as preserving the traditional trades , but design self-replicating , highly infectious nanobots that place the infected under your control and people start whispering the word `` therapy '' around you while pretending you 're not within earshot . 
   what amazes me about these people ( along with sovereign citizens , conspiracy nutters , etc. ), 
  is how they never even _ consider _ the possibility that _ maybe they 've just got it wrong . _, 
   it 's hip to rebel against the status quo and to claim that because a majority holds an opinion , that opinion must be wrong , but quite often there is a _ good reason _ the majority opinion is , well , the majority opinion . 
  _ sometimes _ , we actually get it right . 
  people like this simply ignore that , and assume being different or thinking differently makes them right . 
  my completely unscientific sense is that the libertarian/ancap community skews young . 
  i can say that for myself , it was when i got a little older that i began to incorporate nuances into my worldview , one of them being that while the `` popular will '' can indeed be complete shit , things that are `` popular '' are n't ipso facto bad . 
  basically , everything needs to be evaluated . 
  when i was younger it seems that contrarianism was valuable for its own sake at times . 
  in short , i 'm saying that if my sense that their community is largely made up of younger people is correct , i think it 's possible that this might help explain its willingness to dismiss conventional wisdom that is actually wise . 
  or maybe i 'm imagining things , i do n't know . 
  it 's a thought that occurred to me , anyway . 
  see , this is what i needed . 
  it seems so obvious to me now that you 've said it . 
  thanks !, 
  ah , this is great !, 
  just as i replied in the other comment , it seems so obvious now that i 've seen your suggestions . 
  i `` knew '' the rip taylor one , but i could n't think of his name . 
  diane keaton is helpful , too , because i 'd been thinking maybe jane fonda but i did n't know much from her off camera growing up , and i thought i might be swayed by the fact that erinn hayes has some fonda-esqe stuff going on naturally . 
  thanks !, 
  this is good for bitcoin . 
  well , i asked this question in / r/elves and / r/secretsanta , so i suppose three times is a charm , considering that time is ticking . 
  anyway :, 
  if i put something in my cart during one sale , will the sale price still apply if i check out after that particular sale is over ? 
  i 'd probably like to pick up a few items from several sales and i 'd prefer to check out with everything at once if that 's possible . 
  great , thanks a lot !, 
  the government is entitled to the money in the first place . 
  the constitution gives congress the power to tax . 
  that 's the law of the land you live in and from which you reap the many benefits of being a citizen . 
  there is nothing outside the constitution but poetry and philosophy , and the constitution says the government is entitled to your money . 
  when a duly elected legislature determines the rate at which it it will tax its constituents , and through a constitutionally sound process codifies that rate , it 's not your money anymore . 
  and if the government singles you out for a rate decrease , it is giving you money . 
  i think your reasons are closer to the mark , but for the record it is true that german intelligence was/is working with the nsa . 
  iirc it was the german press that broke the story and made the source documents public . 
  * wahhhhhhh !, 
  yeah , especially the rape part . 
  oh , i thought they were trucks . 
  wait , you put pomegranates in water before peeling them ? 
  did i just * learn * something ? 
  i have a long trail of dry pomegranates leading to this point in my life . 
  [ `` the president , vice president and all civil officers of the united states , shall be removed from office on impeachment for , and conviction of , treason , bribery , or other high crimes and misdemeanors . 
  '' ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_crimes_and_misdemeanours ), 
  why are people suddenly pointing their fingers at boomers for everything these days ? 
  i 'm 43 and i ca n't make a damn bit of sense out of what 's going on with this . 
  for probably 20 of the last 25 years i 've barely heard any mention made of that generation , and now suddenly i see references to them all the time , most often negative ones that assign all sorts of blame to them for fictitious things `` they '' supposedly did . 
  the simplest point i can make about this is that the demographic typically included in this group is so ridiculously broad , one can hardly attribute * anything * to them collectively . 
  the whole thing seems silly to me . 
  sigh * unzips *, 
  i learned to use two spaces after each sentence when i was in high school and we used electric typewriters . 
  today i make my living with writing and it was only a few months ago that i noticed my editor has been reducing all of my double spaces to one . 
  i asked her about it and she confirmed that she 'd been doing it on the sly . 
  she said it has n't been necessary to use two spaces for many years now . 
  i had no idea . 
  edited for editing purposes . 
  actually i have !, 
  ( well , about 98 % . 
  i still have to backspace occasionally . ), 
  and i 'm glad you find it interesting , because i would n't have guessed anyone would . 
  but yeah , the transition was actually a little weird . 
  at first it was like derek zoolander trying to spin left . 
  i just could n't do it . 
  my thumb would just keep going `` bam-bam '' and an angel would wag his finger while the devil in my head would say `` fuck it , this is what people get when they change the rules on the fly . '', 
  then i had a phase where i 'd space twice in emails ( because that 's * my * world , man ) and not in my work projects . 
  eventually i gave in . 
  it 's a good thing i 'm not * too * old yet . 
  if something fundamental changes 15 years from now i do n't know how flexible i 'll be . 
  this . 
  i see .
