  it 's difficult to be sure with the phrasing used . 
  i like the sentiment and i 'm sure there are many areas where it can be applied , but i do think it 's important to keep in mind that the advice was given in the context of learning to play guitar . 
  the commenter does mention `` other things , '' but it seems clear to me that he meant for the idea to hold true in that context `` and others , '' instead of universally . 
  imagine my surprise when i found out about culitos . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1y6lhe/what_is_the_worst_thing_someone_has_said_to_you/cfhtedq ), 
  i really think so . 
  this is true in practically every part of human life , it seems . 
  take voting , browsing the internet , buying paint -- you name it . 
  there 's a continuum that runs from total ignorance to expert-level understanding , and most people fall into the `` general user '' category that lies somewhere in the middle , and where the ignorance level is high enough to be taken advantage of in a number of ways . 
  i have mixed feelings about people who do n't make the effort to keep their heads above that line . 
  on the one hand , i 'm judgmental because * i * make the effort , so why ca n't everybody else ? 
  on the other hand , being savvy about everything can be exhausting work , so i can understand when some people do n't bother . 
  the point , though , is that there will never be a rationally acting public . 
  people will always fall somewhere on the continuum -- most often somewhere far short of the `` expert '' threshold -- and this fact alone makes nonsense of the libertarian `` free market '' ideal . 
  the regulations libertarians hate so much are the * necessary * consequence of the rational actor 's unicorn status . 
  yes , this is the equivalent of natural selection in biology . 
  hairy chests are all the rage until the ice melts and so on . 
  just when you thought reddit had reached the limit of its innovative spirit . 
  our thinking on this is actually very much the same . 
  i just kept that part of my opinion tempered so as not to confuse the point . 
  i find this interesting because i 'm a guy who wore the conservative label for years . 
  when i started college ( political science concentration ) i began to see places where hairs were being split that i did n't know could be , or should be , and i refined my position and label to `` libertarian , '' an identity i somehow managed to hang onto for a full 18 months . 
  today i guess i would say i `` agree with the democrats , '' although what that means to me and what that means to you may be very different things . 
  the point , though , is that you refined your position after doing some bone fide learning on some topics . 
  this has always been key for me in allowing my views to evolve . 
  the closer you look at something ( with an honest effort to see what 's there and not what you want to see there ) the clearer it becomes that things just are n't so black-and-white as when we * do n't know anything about them . 
  my shift , at least as i 've come to understand it , was about following the path toward greater intellectual honesty . 
  i do n't really know , but i know that i would at least skip to the part about retirement right away , because i wan na know whether health care is going to be the factor that decides which country i finish up in . 
  oh , yeah , and whether i 'll actually ever be able to retire . 
  if i could afford silver i 'd give you silver . 
  is there an all-in-one resource somewhere that includes basic explanations of what all this stuff is ? 
  i mean , we cut the cord about a year ago and i have a setup of my own , but the components of my setup consist mainly of things the average guy has at least * heard * of . 
  i 'm moderately savvy when it comes to developments in this area , but i have to admit i did n't understand one thing about your setup aside from the hard drives . 
  yes , well , i 'm familiar with google , as i 'm familiar with the contingent of redditors who take pride in making smug , useless responses like the one you made here . 
  if i had wished to google everything i would have done so . 
  instead i asked whether an all-in-one resource exists for this sort of thing -- you know -- that would save some effort searching and which google is not . 
  but your username pretty much explains what 's up here . 
  thanks !, 
  i have netflix for the original content and for somewhat older movies and shows . 
  i have hulu plus for day-old stuff that we watch , and that one day never bothers me . 
  i have an ota antenna for the free local broadcasts , for news and so on . 
  anything not covered by these means , i download and stream through the ps3 media server . 
  all of this amounts to under 20 bucks a month . 
  i 'm done with cable and dish , and i ca n't foresee a circumstance where i 'd return to either at this point . 
  no regrets . 
  if you decide to go with an amplifier , [ here 's ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000wdr94u/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=utf8&amp;psc=1 ) the one i went with . 
  i 'm quite happy with it , and it 's made of porcelain or some other robust material that can handle the heat . 
  it 's powered with an adapter that delivers through coax , so you can plug it in at a distance from the splitter if necessary . 
  if you get it , or something like it , just remember to get the little terminators for any of the lines you 're not going to connect . 
  the guy giving cpr has it between his shoulder and his ear . 
  as a person who does n't live in philly or depend on public transit , i have to admit i 'd be greatly amused if this happened due to the scavenger hunt . 
  that 's actually a pretty cool idea . 
  if i were hiding it i 'd probably take it to that place where they sell all those semi-exotic meats like elk and alligator and post clues about dead animals you normally would n't think of as food . 
  yeah , i saw that part , which is obviously not the part i was responding to . 
  as a person who travelled all the way to madame tussaud 's and walked away without a single autograph , i 'd have to agree . 
  no problem . 
  i actually had the same thought you did at first , but i watched further and noticed the guy adjusting his phone . 
  ahh , holy crap , i did n't know this existed . 
  thanks !, 
  i think both of you are correct in this exchange because your points are n't mutually exclusive . 
  you 're actually talking past each other . 
  and i think that may be the reason behind some of the downvotes . 
  flynn is obviously addressing reporters in the clip , so his remarks are aimed at the way the media gets whipped up over hot-button stuff like this while virtually ignoring the senseless death that occurs on a regular basis in the community . 
  there 's no need to turn this into a thing where he 's accusing the community of doing or not doing anything , and where it becomes necessary to argue about what the community is or is not doing . 
  he 's saying `` you people rage on as if you care about black people , but you have nothing to say about routine black victimization because you do n't really care about them . 
  you just care about riding a sensationalist wave . '', 
  i think your use of the phrase `` in the community '' has created some misunderstanding . 
  i think he 's comparing the press to the press , and not the press to the community . 
  thank you for this . 
  i did n't even realize until finding this post that tools -- integrated tools , no less -- were being made to harness usenet for media in this way . 
  it 's pretty clever , and i 'm ready to jump in because i already have a usenet account . 
  it does n't seem to me that it 's race baiting the chief is fed up with . 
  it seems to me that he 's fed up with the media having a frenzy over `` black victimization '' only when it 's sensational ( i.e. , when white cops are involved ) , and not when it occurs routinely . 
  he 's not making a statement about race baiting or even race * per se . 
  * he 's making a statement about the media pretending to care about black people . 
  wow , it was n't until i read your point # 2 that something became much clearer to me : the friction that gives this subreddit its fuel is due in large part , if not entirely , to cultural cross-talk that suffers from the same type of degradation that occurs when you use google translate in one direction and then back again . 
  when you said that `` americans are unable to grasp that there 's not a single european identity , '' which is a complaint i see here frequently , i immediately thought of a comment / u/hadroncollidervagina ( which i 'm sure is read by many redditors as `` hardoncollidervagina , '' because , you know , it 's closer to what vaginas are actually designed to do ) made elsewhere pointing out that when we visit europe we see the similarities more clearly than the differences * because it 's all different from what we know * . 
  as a result we form a `` common european identity '' in our minds . 
  it is literally the same phenomenon working in both directions whereby europeans ( if i may ) can decry americans ' use of the word `` european '' as an adjective , on the one hand , and then balk at americans ' insistence that there 's real diversity among u.s. states , on the other . 
  i 'm * not * saying that the types of diversity we 're talking about here are equal or even comparable . 
  but i do think that when people look at each other across a cultural and geographical divide , each is going to see more readily the things that make the people on the other side alike before the differences even become recognizable . 
  this is a moment when something that seemed mind-blowing a few minutes ago suddenly seems just obvious . 
  maybe it 's just that i 'm using a tablet and typing all of this has taken long enough for it to seem like old news . 
  anyway , i learned something today . 
  edit : close quotes . 
  i 'm a person who , i confess , revels to a degree in the cynicism around `` circlejerky '' comments that is about as widespread here as the comments being made fun of , but i do want to genuinely thank you for recognizing this and for making it known that you do . 
  i do n't know if the negatives around reddit just make a deeper impression on me than the positives or not , but my general sense of my experience here is that people will fight to the death over just about anything before saying `` ah , i did n't realize that '' or `` i definitely understand why you would see my opinion as false , disingenuous , or ignorant . 
  here 's why i think you 've misunderstood something . '', 
  this post and some of the comments on it are perfect examples of how people can read into a thing what they want to read into it . 
  and we 're somehow able to know this intuitively about other people without believing that we ever do this thing ourselves . 
  not to mention that being on a team feels good , and that no one wants to be the guy on the team who gave a point to the other team . 
  so why not die fighting over whether the `` real '' italian sub gets mayonnaise or oil ? 
  at least i 'll be remembered as a hero among my friends and not my enemies . 
  yeah , too much talk . 
  just wanted to tip my fedora at you , as they say . 
  of course . 
  i lived in germany for 3-1/2 years and am married to a german , so i 'm well trained in `` understanding a different point of view '' ( germans and non-germans alike may read into that what they like ) . 
  i know the political part , too , and it can be really funny , actually . 
  my father-in-law just finished two terms as mayor of a small german town .
