  no system ever has . 
  i , unlike many , am willing to concede as much . 
  but the truth remains that a national healthcare system would be a vast improvement for most individuals and a significant step forward for the nation as a whole . 
  when you make blanket statements like `` in all of these countries other than canada where private healthcare is not banned the wealthiest 10 % or so do not use the national care system and pay outright for private care , '' and `` the same function could be accomplished more quickly , more efficiently , and with less cost by competing non-profits , '' which are either untrue , unsupportable , or ignorant of the inherent problems within them , you remind me of why i abandoned libertarianism 15 years ago . 
  i prefer to look at the world the way it is , even if it contradicts my fanciful misconceptions -- in fact , especially if it does -- because i continue to learn by doing so . 
  i stop pretending i have all the answers , and i learn . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.law.harvard.edu/programs/lwp/healthc.pdf ) is a short , sourced article from harvard that discusses the real pros and cons of canada 's system . 
  and [ here ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/06/heres-a-map-of-the-countries-that-provide-universal-health-care-americas-still-not-on-it/259153/ ) is a brief article on the subject . 
  look at the map . 
  look at the company we keep and ask yourself if it makes you proud . 
  commas can be a tricky art because there are moments when their use is a matter of preference . 
  that said , there is a bigger problem with this sentence . 
  when you use `` respectively '' this way there has to be a * respective * agreement between the subject and , oh jesus . 
  the other part . 
  here you do n't have agreement . 
  if you were to say * jim and john had undergraduate degrees in biochemistry and engineering , respectively * , you 're saying that jim has a biochemistry degree and john has an engineering degree . 
  and see where i used a comma ? 
  the names are not as important as ensuring that you have agreement . 
  you could say * the cow and the chicken lived in the barn and in the hen house , respectively . 
  * do you understand the term ? 
  the cow is mentioned * with respect * to the barn , and the chicken * with respect * to the hen house . 
  * i parked the car , the motorcycle , and the van in lots a , b , and c , respectively * , meaning that the car is in lot a , the motorcycle in lot b , and the van in lot c. does that make sense ? 
  it 's colloquial . 
  it 's like `` ai n't '' and `` yous . '', 
  it 's a bastardization of the language , but one with agreed-upon spelling . 
  based on the citation alone it looks like the first one is the right choice . 
  it seems like your course is using the mla standard , and that citation strikes me as correct , but you should google the mla format for journal articles to be sure . 
  it 's no cakewalk getting into countries that are better than the u.s. 
  i find this kind of shit embarrassing . 
  i wo n't say no one ever did anything great here . 
  of course people did . 
  and we do have things we can be proud of . 
  but mostly , we 're * lucky * . 
  you sound like a rich kid bragging about his dad 's money . 
  dude , are you in high school or something ? 
  have you ever lived anywhere but here ? 
  i know it 's only in * your * imagination , but that does n't mean that better places do n't exist . 
  i 'm not an authority , but your first two examples seem fine to me . 
  the third has problems . 
  the fact that a person can afford a better pc is not a caveat to the pc 's intrinsic qualities . 
  sorry i ca n't elaborate more . 
  it 's late for me and i 'm about to sleep involuntarily . 
  also , i think it 's perfectly fine to use per se in informal speech . 
  just do n't look for reasons to use it or else people will wonder why you say it all the time . 
  it depends , of course , on what you value . 
  if you want to live in the country with the most tanks , i 've got nothing for you . 
  but if you want to live in a country where every worker , from the mcdonald 's cashier to the corporate executive , is guaranteed four weeks of paid vacation , where violent crime and gun violence are extremely rare , where infant mortality rates are lower and life expectancy is higher , where university education and healthcare is free , where women are paid a portion of their salaries for up to a year and a half after giving birth while they stay at home and care for the baby , and have their jobs guaranteed for up to three years , where cities are clean and homelessness is rare , where people are not imprisoned for nonviolent crimes , and where human and civil rights are respected to the highest degree in the world , you might try germany , france , denmark , norway , sweden , and possibly a few others . 
  there are some runners-up that would make decent choices as well . 
  well , that * is n't * what i said . 
  saying that dogs and monkeys are both examples of mammals is not claiming that dogs = monkeys . 
  anyway , i can live with possibly having made a poor word choice . 
  but i 'm not sure why you thought that being a dick about it seemed like a better idea than simply telling me so . 
  fair enough . 
  i may have misinterpreted you because i 've become accustomed to people * actually * being dicks in other subreddits . 
  i have to remember which room i 'm in . 
  elsewhere in the thread i concede that it was probably a poor word choice , so i 'm not going to dig in here . 
  it would have been enough to call it nonstandard . 
  close . 
  you forgot to include something about obamacare ruining the country or the u.s. being better than everywhere else , but i 'll take it as-is . 
  i 'm not pissed off . 
  exasperated , perhaps . 
  i get worn out from this stuff sometimes because i remember when i clung to ideas that made sense to me at one time , and i remember seeing those ideas contradicted by facts , resisting acceptance of those facts for a time , and then asking myself what i had to gain from trying to force on a shoe that did n't fit . 
  and i do n't understand why more people do n't look honestly at their opinions and concede when something does n't fit . 
  the world is a far more complex place than many people feel comfortable admitting , for whatever reason . 
  my wife grew up in communist east germany and fled to the west . 
  she has no regrets about that . 
  she and her family hated what communism did to their country and they think that the people who wish things would return to the way they were ( yes , they exist ) are fools . 
  but that does n't stop them from admitting that there were good things about the society . 
  denying that is just doing yourself a disservice by oversimplifying the matter . 
  i do n't think libertarianism is all bad just because i abandoned it , either . 
  there are things that the market does better than government . 
  there are things that government does better than the free market . 
  is that really too painful to admit ? 
  oh , christ . 
  here we go again . 
  i would argue that he said it because he was responding to a patently ridiculous idea . 
  you guys know that mexico is a sovereign country , right ? 
  and that iraq was an anomaly , and a terrible mistake ? 
  this is why i think our education system needs to be reformed in a way that meaningfully prepares well suited young people for this kind of work , the way it 's done in much of europe . 
  we 've emphasized university education as the only good option for so long that we 're turning out people with degrees who ca n't do anything with them , and in many cases arguably should n't even have them . 
  well you 're not saying anything i disagree with here ( except for the part where you claim to know what i think ) . 
  i 've said for years that if you do n't feel fundamentally changed after taking a class , then something was wrong either with the class or with you . 
  i understand well the `` intangible '' benefit of a college education . 
  so you 're preaching to the choir ( political science master 's here ) . 
  my point is that not everyone is cut out for that kind of experience . 
  maybe they 're not interested , maybe they 're not capable . 
  whatever the reason , we should n't structure the system ( or our expectations ) in a way that suggests that college is where everyone should go . 
  if we had alternatives that led to prestigious outcomes , then maybe people would n't have to feel pressured to borrow $ 50k or more so their c-student kid can get a useless psychology degree . 
  i would have expected you guys to have something like that in place already . 
  germany does , if i understand correctly . 
  / u/carrowcanary offered a good suggestion . 
  personally , though , i see no problem with those commas . 
  but i would probably drop the one after `` simply . '', 
  that is a breathtakingly ignorant thing to say . 
  seems like she 's forcing the thesis into one sentence . 
  i do n't know what her requirements are , but from a standpoint of style i would dump those semicolons and replace them with periods . 
  her use of commas is fine . 
  a bunch of us did this too , and school grounds were fair game . 
  we attacked each other in the hallways . 
  then again , it was the '80s .
