  thanks !, 
  certainly not a bad suggestion . 
  thanks !, 
   a white student with a 3.70 gpa and 1200 sat score should not be passed over for a black student with a 3.40 gpa and a 1050 sat score if all else is equal ( extracurricular , volunteer , eric . ) . 
  this should never happen and it 's not fair to the white student who is more deserving to be denied because of his skin color . 
  where `` all else is equal , '' this is already not happening , so you can rest easy . 
  just visit the websites of some leading universities . 
  most if not all of them explain how students are selected , and what you describe does not match any selection policy i 've read or had described to me . 
  the truth of the statement that all lives matter misses the point . 
  nowhere did i dispute the notion . 
  you seem to have glossed over the entire reason i brought it up . 
  you 're doing the equivalent of saying `` rape is n't funny '' in the illustration i gave . 
  there are few people in the world who would argue that rape is funny , but more people were offended in the one case than in the other because of the power position from which the jokes were executed . 
  just to make sure . 
  you know clickhole is a satire site , right ? 
  i 'm not sure if you were making a subtle joke . 
  it changes what you said because you cited an example where those two criteria were not equal , and that 's not how affirmative action works , particularly when those criteria are paramount . 
  ah , got it . 
  this is 100 % correct . 
  the `` community , '' when confronted with ideas like those expressed in the parent comment , will be generally supportive and would applaud any school board , superintendent , or teacher who espouses them . 
  but when it comes to individuals or families having their beliefs challenged , these principles of creating `` independent thinkers '' suddenly become a big problem for educators . 
   welcome to the bernie squad !, 
  believe me , despite the fact that this is a mod macro , we appreciate any commitment and effort in both our community and the campaign in general . 
   you can gain additional ranks through the following ways :, 
   - you can donate to the campaign through our [ donation portal ] ( https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/reddit-for-bernie/ ) and with a screenshot of your receipt get on your way . 
  if you have proof of donating on 7/15 , 9/8 , or 11/11 of this year , you can get an additional level per event . 
  yes , i did this , as quoted here , where i mistook purple flair for the gold flair i 'm now inquiring about . 
  here is a quote of the response i submitted :, 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  i 'm linking to two screenshots . 
  this one is my actblue history : http://i.imgur.com/bdmnxgq.png . 
  this one shows a piece of the same history along with enough of a piece of my reddit profile to show that they both originate from the same place : http://i.imgur.com/9hgyupn.png . 
  i hope this will suffice !, 
  thanks for getting back to me . 
  i know this is a busy sub with multiple mods , but i figure i 'd at least like to have flair that reflects my real-life commitment to the campaign , and i 've provided what i 've been led to believe is sufficient proof to have the change made . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
   government interests * do n't * trump people 's rights . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  as a blanket statement , this is simply untrue . 
  the clearest examples can be found in first amendment jurisprudence . 
  the test for whether a law that restricts free speech is constitutional is whether that law is `` narrowly tailored '' to meet `` a compelling state interest . '', 
  courts on all levels are constantly faced with having to balance state interests against constitutional protections for individuals . 
  you may not be interested in how the law actually works , but if you find yourself in a contest against it , the judicial branch of our government is where the matter will be settled . 
  because there is * absolutely * no * explicit * right to privacy enumerated in the constitution , what people have come to recognize as a `` right to privacy '' is in fact a compendium of case law from centuries of judicial holdings on related matters . 
  you can accuse me of deflecting , redirecting , or whatever nefarious , ignorant , or complacent orientation toward the question you like . 
  but if you offer your reasoning in an american court , it will be dismissed out of hand , because it ignores our * actual * system of law and replaces it with something you imagine it to be . 
  i agree with your antipathy toward the people and events that have resulted in the erosion of our protections , but your understanding of constitutional law is plainly incorrect , and i appear to be one of many who have made that point clear to you in this thread . 
  `` give to caesar what is caesar 's and give to god what is god 's '' * is * something he said , though , when one of his followers suggested that they should not pay their taxes . 
  to argue that jesus ' point in the matter meant anything other than `` pay the taxes that your government requires you to pay and refrain from turning a civic matter into a religious one '' would torture logic . 
  the specifics of what `` caesar '' required were neither discussed in , nor relevant to the meaning of the passage . 
  nobody 's falling for anything here . 
  i have a master 's degree in political science and over 30 credits of assorted legal coursework , and i explained to you how the system actually works in this case . 
  that 's all . 
  i get that you 're passionate about your point , but people often have misunderstandings about these things . 
  what the law means in the real world involves a great deal more than the plain text of any statute , article , or amendment . 
  in cases where various interests collide , the courts either establish a test ( or multiple tests ) for weighing their relative merits , or rely on the tests that years of case law have established . 
  the first amendment says congress ca n't pass a law that infringes on a person 's right to free speech , but you ca n't walk up to the front door of the whitehouse and say `` i 'm here to kill the president '' without facing repercussions . 
  this is because your free speech protection -- like all of your protections -- is not absolute . 
  i do n't like everything the court has determined , but when a determination is made , it * is * law , and only a reversal or a constitutional amendment can change it . 
  and these are both difficult to achieve and extremely rare . 
  my point is that you said this :, 
   government interests do n't trump people 's rights . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  and that your statement is incorrect . 
  that is all . 
  you 're welcome to believe whatever you like . 
  well , for your sake , i hope you do n't ever have to use that argument in court , where your fate in the real world would be decided . 
  it wo n't get you very far . 
  that context is * not * important to * this * point . 
  i could offer the context that jesus spoke aramaic , but that would n't inform the question we 're looking at . 
  context matters where context is relevant , and the context you offer here is n't . 
  and yes , you said that jesus did n't command people to take other people 's money and give it away . 
  but if `` ceasar '' says you should do it , jesus ' message was `` do it , even if you have a religious objection . '', 
  if you 'd like to get that specific , i could also point out that he did n't say `` give to caesar what is caesar 's , unless caesar engages in a program of wealth redistribution , in which case by all means raise hell about caesar . '', 
  his instruction was `` give . '', 
  also , if you 'd like to involve context so much , then consider the context of every lesson jesus taught in light of his statement about paying caesar what is caesar 's . 
  jesus ' message was one of asceticism and selflessness . 
  it was one that promised a reward to the downtrodden faithful . 
  it called out hypocrisy and condemned religious posturing for personal gain , whether social ( in the case of `` public piety '' ) or economic ( as in the case of driving out the merchants at the temple ) . 
  in `` context , '' jesus was a champion of the poor and disenfranchised , so splitting hairs over his `` caesar '' comment is silly . 
  the only relevant context here is that jesus promised a reward * in heaven , * i.e. , after you 're dead . 
  he does n't * appear * to have advocated a contemporary overturning of the social order . 
  ( we do n't really know the degree to which the original movement was distorted in the texts we have , which were not contemporary accounts . ), 
  the authorities were obviously threatened enough by him to have him executed , though , so there 's that . ), 
  the problem here , though , is that the assurance of a reward in the afterlife does n't have the cachet that it did two thousand years ago . 
  this is another important bit of context i suppose . 
  edit : closed that parentheses . 
  no , i just think you 're a product of your time , like i am , and that you 've adopted a political stance that you 'd like to reconcile with christianity . 
  or at least that you 're tethering modern politics to * something * that it ought not be tethered to . 
  jesus did n't die for our sins . 
  he died for identifying them . 
  i have no quarrel with * you , * because i 've done my fair share of mental gymnastics as a christian , a conservative , and as a former member of both clubs ( only for a short time concurrently ) . 
  jesus promised the disenfranchised what they could n't hope to achieve with a beating heart . 
  to me , the message is wonderful . 
  i just do n't believe that people should have to wait until death to be given their due . 
  i was sitting on the toilet in my in-laws ' house about 25-ish years ago in the former east germany , when suddenly it sounded like the entire garage outside exploded . 
  it did n't sound like `` an explosion from the air . '', 
  it sounded like somebody dynamited everything around you . 
  it 's a good thing i was sitting on the can .
