  when i was a teenager i was within 10 minutes of getting home , driving in blizzard conditions that were quickly making the roads dangerous to drive on , and i saw this woman -- `` older '' to me at the time , but she was probably in her mid to late 30s -- with her thumb out in the blinding snow . 
  she was headed to the next town over . 
  i said lucky you , i 'm going that way too . 
  a pie chart of my motives would show a fair slice of compassion , but a much bigger share of fantasy and wishful thinking about how she might show her gratitude . 
  i was really clueless , but i thought strange things sometimes happen to people , so what if . 
  anyway , it did n't happen . 
  i mean , she was grateful and all , but my reward was an hour of sliding around in the snow and having my dad flip shit on me when i finally got home . 
  i 'm friends with that pastor who got defrocked for officiating at his son 's gay wedding . 
  have n't been invited to a single party . 
  i do n't know how many times my wife and i have sat in the car before heading out for a party , looked at each other and said '' * sigh * , ok , let 's do this . 
  the long and winding road -- beatles, 
  anything that requires me to close something to get it out of the way of what i was trying to see in the first place . 
  if i hear a fox news or rush limbaugh talking point , i know instantly that i 'll either have to get out of there , or dig in . 
  either way , hope for anything edifying is lost . 
  i do n't remember for sure , but i think i checked it out when i heard colbert say something about `` the reddits . '', 
  anyway , i stayed because it 's like a customizable newspaper . 
  you can configure just the mix of serious , funny , frivolous , important , etc. 
  it 's like a vetted rss feed , or a portfolio of mutual funds -- and there are countless opportunities to expand your knowledge in topics that matter to you . 
  cleaning and disinfecting operating rooms , when i was 16 . 
  at $ 6.50 an hour in 1987 , it was n't too bad . 
  besides the fact that she escaped from east germany before the wall came down , followed me to the u.s. and got educated and became a professional here , i 'd have enough praise to give her for her unrelenting optimism . 
  but that other stuff is pretty incredible , too . 
  maybe not quite 15 minutes , but quite recent !, 
  ( yes , i know that 's not what op was going for , but the post was n't tagged serious and that 's as famous as i can go . ), 
  there are a lot of perks to knowing frank , just probably not the kind op was interested in . 
  there was a 30-day period during which there was a back-and-forth between him and church authorities , but ultimately he was defrocked because he would n't promise not to do it again . 
  three of his four kids are gay . 
  wow , frighteningly close to home . 
  thing is , he 'd probably go . 
  he would n't hide his disagreement , but he would enjoy your company . 
  fourth cousins at least . 
  yes . 
  you sound like the perfect hosts . 
  well sorry i missed your question , but what 's here sounds like a pretty good summary of what i would have said in response . 
  it just does n't tip the cost/benefit scale the same way it used to . 
  if we could start with actually enforcing the ones we supposedly have already , that 'd be great . 
  when my parents divorced i was 10 . 
  my mother got custody of my siblings and moved to another state . 
  my father got custody of me and moved to a state 7-1/2 hours drive from where the others landed . 
  he was really just concerned with getting his own life in order at the time . 
  there was a four-year marriage and all the drama that accompanies such a rise and fall , all during my teen years . 
  i did a lot of learning on my own during this time . 
  i had to grow up fast to make plans for a better life . 
  when i was 17 i joined the army delayed entry . 
  turned 18 in basic training . 
  never looked back . 
  i 'll give that a try . 
  thanks !, 
  muffin butt has worked well for me . 
  many americans would n't like this , but an increasing number of people here feel the same way . 
  you do n't have to look too hard to discover that our freedom mantra is just window dressing to distract ourselves from the truth that we 're not as `` free '' as many other industrialized nations . 
  nor do we have anything to boast about regarding our health care system , income inequality measures , public education system , or incarceration rates . 
  we 're a backwater of the industrialized world , and our government is dysfunctional , increasingly authoritarian , and out of control . 
  `` remember , there are simple answers to complex problems and you will know what those answers are , just as you do now . '', 
  built a tennis ball cannon out of soup cans that i held together with a special kind of tape that adhered to itself , but not to the cans . 
  i ignited the thing outside my bedroom window on the second floor . 
  with a massive boom , it blew completely apart in my hand , cans flying every which way . 
  i improved my bonding scheme in future models . 
  that selling my prescription medication to her friends was a very bad idea . 
  i 'd had a few bottles of xanax that i 'd stopped taking before the prescription ran out . 
  i 'd also been taking weed pipes away from my daughter because i said i would n't tolerate her having them while she was a dependent teenager in my house , had n't yet gotten into college , etc. 
  she wanted to get back at me , so she found my `` stash '' and sold it to her friends . 
  never would have thought she 'd do something like that , but she did , sure enough . 
  raising teenagers can be a thankless job . 
  i make my own hours , never have to leave the house , and drink beer with my lunch . 
  reagan , the space shuttle disaster , the walkman , wearing thin ties to school voluntarily , and a channel called mtv that used to play music videos and was really cool . 
  dumb people have all the answers . 
  smart people acknowledge their shortcomings and do their best to mitigate them . 
  your reasons for feeling the way you do may have to do with what you choose to ( or not to ) read , pay attention to , etc. 
  you may not have the same level of formal education as the people around you . 
  but the very fact that you 're asking the question means that you 're a step ahead of people who are actually dumb . 
  you might just not be as quick , or need more saturation or time to digest things before they become second nature to you . 
  if formal education is out of the question , start with some of the more interesting subreddits to round out your knowledge . 
  try r/explainlikeimfive for starters . 
  the problem with this question is that no explicit constitutional expression , when coupled with the almost limitless grey areas that occur in real life , is without need of interpretation . 
  ostensibly , we 've * been * following the constitution explicitly all these years . 
  the judicial branch has just `` interpreted '' everything to death , to the point where we do n't know how practice comports with the plain text anymore , in many cases . 
  facebook . 
  still do n't use it much , but i still have the page that my friend practically forced me into creating . 
  `` explain '' things to myself . 
  skinny kid with glasses , red hair , and freckles named mac could n't do much about what god gave him , but he also wore corduroys that were an inch or two too high , walked with a bounce , and one time -- i shit you not -- taped his broken glasses together at the center where they broke . 
  things have gotten exponentially weirder since i started with the internet , and some of the creepiest stuff is right here on reddit , but i remember being pretty weirded out by the church of the subgenius years ago . 
  amazon , since 1996 . 
  * one * thing ? 
  ok , i 'd scrap this two-party charade and put in a parliamentary multiparty system . 
  the feeling of having so many options . 
  disarticulation at the atomic level would be ideal , i guess . 
  seems to me you 've allowed yourself to be tricked into being gay . 
  the only way back is to fool yourself again by having sex with a man you think is a woman . 
  registering for class on time . 
  you have to open a car wash . 
  social sciences help you understand your place in the world , and contribute to a worldview that informs your choices , the goals you set for yourself , your understanding and treatment of others , and how you go about making your way in this complex world . 
  the social sciences also inform each other , so that you begin to see overarching themes that are common between them and how these themes help make sense of existence . 
  political science , for example , does n't make nearly as much sense as a stand-alone subject as it does when you consider anthropology , psychology , history , and sociology , and what these subjects bring to bear for the political scientist . 
  i had a physics professor who also had a phd in philosophy . 
  the philosophy degree did n't do much for his math , but it made him a far more interesting instructor because of the context philosophy brought to his otherwise mechanical understanding of the world . 
  i think if you 're interested in becoming a more well-rounded , insightful person , you ca n't ignore the social sciences . 
  it 's one thing to be trained in a skill . 
  it 's quite another -- and far more rewarding , in my opinion -- to understand the full context in which your skills are put to use . 
  i would love to know .
