  at some point -- perhaps five or 10 years from now , who knows -- people are going to reach into their refrigerators and wonder what they were thinking when they bought a full case of 11.5 % hop-pocalypse rocket sludge . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i certainly appreciate interesting beers and will sometimes spend stupid money to try new stuff . 
  but i believe that once people start sniffing at beers like sabl and calling them mediocre , the `` movement '' is beginning to lose its way . 
  well i certainly agree with this point , then . 
  saw this after making a similar comment above . 
  i think you 've got it right . 
  i 'm willing to bet that people will drink the hell out of your sam adams if all the other choices are meant to be `` impressive . '', 
  i 'm 4 and i only listen to tribal chants on wax cylinders . 
  they sang this in the wizard of oz . 
  i prefer mobile for general use ( particularly with a tablet ) . 
  i use reddit is fun golden platinum for android on my phone and tablet . 
  damn , i got all this way hoping to see how clock would answer your question about how bankruptcy would promote personal responsibility and give healthcare providers other options for recovering costs besides shifting them to those of us who have insurance , and it never happened . 
  so disappointed . 
  i was gon na say , that would have explained a lot . 
  i do n't even know what astroturfing is , but if it 's creating those brain-dead rabbit holes like the ones i see in this thread , then it 's the reason i barely ever come to this sub anymore . 
  a sub like this has so much potential , i think , but it gets ruined by people who refuse to acknowledge the truth of anything that does n't fit neatly into their worldview . 
  * no * ideological position is 100 % sound . 
  but you would n't know it talking to some of the people in this sub . 
  i do n't think this would actually recover much , though . 
  at least in the case of student loans you have people who received an education and have some earning potential , not to mention that the loans can be restructured or deferred in cases of hardship . 
  but if you 're poor and unlikely to find yourself capable of paying off a debt above $ x , you 're just not going to pay it . 
  besides that , though , the idea of allowing medical expenses to run people into bankruptcy in this time , in this country , is a fucking shameful thing to entertain . 
  making the debt stick through bankruptcy is just barbaric . 
  i seriously do n't understand why we 're even discussing it on * this * level in this country . 
  all these people , completely spoiled by the benefits of being an american citizen , arguing from principles that have largely existed only in people 's minds . 
  it 's intensely frustrating . 
  good god , yeah . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i 'm pretty sure i encountered this in a non-political context elsewhere . 
  there was an ama by a `` social engineer '' a while back who had a podcast and i believe ran classes of some sort . 
  i found that several of the top questions were from fresh accounts with little or nothing else in their history . 
  it 's tricky around here !, 
  no , right . 
  sorry if i seemed like i was aiming my barbs at you . 
  i was actually concurring , but yours was the last comment i responded to last night after reading so much garbage in this thread , and i was a little worked up over it . 
  because you seem kind and do not seem to engage in the type of droning many of your compatriots do , i 've come back to at least acknowledge as much and show my appreciation for your ability to engage in a discussion where it was possible to disagree without becoming hostile . 
  i should point out , though , that my positions are not the product of indoctrination . 
  i actually have a master 's degree in political science , and through the years ( i 'm 43 ) i 've changed my views on a number of topics to varying degrees . 
  `` indoctrination '' is a loaded term and i think it should be used judiciously . 
  i think it 's important for anyone to remember that no single ideology has the answer to everything , including the ones i allow myself to be labeled with . 
  good luck !, 
  as i understand it , it was only the giver who was looked down upon . 
  it happened plenty , but the giver would n't be a person of higher status than the receiver . 
  just fyi , it 's `` case in point . '', 
  not trying to be jerky . 
  sure . 
  :-) my wife is esl so i 'm having to do this stuff all the time . 
  like when she had our pay stubs in a folder marked `` pay stops , '' haha . 
  i 'm not sure what i 'm looking at here . 
  what 's the difference between asking someone to justify a claim ( something i have understood for nearly 30 years to be the least one could ask of someone who * makes * a claim ) , and engaging in `` call out culture '' ( which is something i never heard of until now ) ? 
  i think this is the circlejerk within r/circlebroke . 
  if i were to form an opinion of reddit based on this sub , i 'd expect to find people all over reddit getting upvoted for defending child molestation , and i 've not once encountered such a thing . 
  i understand what people are criticizing here , and your specific point about the logical inconsistency seems valid to me . 
  but i do n't understand why people in this sub carry on about `` pedo apologists '' when all i 've seen are people pointing out to would-be lynch mobs that their understanding of the problem and use of terminology is inaccurate . 
  the funny thing about this comment for me , though , is that it 's part of a discussion criticizing people for their obtuse views on religion and islam , and yet your tone seems forgiving of people who have equally obtuse views about sex crimes and pedophilia . 
  in other words , the same type of statement you made in your comment could be turned around on many of the comments that are made in this sub ( i.e. , * they complain about redditors being euphoric and painting religion -- or all adherents to a particular religion -- with one brush , but have no patience for people who correct misconceptions about sex crimes and pedophilia * ) . 
  personally , i think `` context '' is important no matter what it is we 're talking about . 
  fair enough . 
  and i did n't mean to point fingers at you . 
  it 's just that i 've seen enough comments on the topic in this sub to view it as a recurring theme , and yours was the one that triggered a response . 
  i actually agree with your premise . 
  just found this comment today . 
  friends of '43 is awesome !, 
  i just joined a few weeks ago and got recruited into the dj clan . 
  i played the game alone for years , so it 's great to be in contact with some of the people whose names i 've seen on the leaderboard for so long . 
  yeah , ps3 . 
  too many djs is very active on the board and you 're right -- they 're a pretty good bunch of people , and they 've been very welcoming and encouraging . 
  the claim was that the girls were unambitious . 
  the person to whom you responded asked the person who made the claim to justify it . 
  you responded the way you did . 
  it 's right there . 
  i really do n't know what the confusion is about . 
  i 've made this mistake myself before . 
  i 'll be reading a comment and thinking * damn , did this guy go to school or what ? 
  * and then i 'll realize he 's esl and suddenly become impressed by how * good * his english is . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's an anglo/american thing , but i 'm pretty sure it stems from the idea that , because a native speaker really has no excuse , criticism of his english is a more `` personal '' attack than it would be otherwise . 
  what do you think of when you hear the term bass-o-matic ? 
   i think national and state educational standards calcify education , preventing alternative educational techniques from being explored for kids who learn differently . 
  competition would fix that problem . 
  i think government funding of schools stretches inadequate resources too far , costs an enormous amount of money , and does n't yield results ( costs have exploded , student achievement has been flat for * 40 years * ) . 
  competition would fix this problem . 
  state standards are about content , not techniques . 
  techniques are decided at the district level , by individual teachers , or some combination of the two , so there 's already competition -- and lots of it -- in this area . 
  what you 're talking about is opening the door to private competition that is exempted from having to fulfill some of the most cumbersome mandates placed on public schools ( i.e. , allowing for selective enrollment , not having to provide the `` least restrictive environment '' for special needs students , etc. ) . 
  if these same burdens were lifted from public schools then they 'd be just as competitive as anything else . 
  a little late here , but just thought i 'd throw this in :, 
  my wife and her family are from mecklenburg-vorpommern , and what i 've often perceived as `` cold '' among them seems to be more a culturally driven `` empathy filter . '', 
  it 's a little difficult to articulate , but to me it 's not really a lack of empathy , but rather a limit that cuts off when it comes to matters that do n't seem all that consequential in the big picture . 
  ( or , to put it more colloquially , matters that concern people 's `` feelings . '' ), 
  partially related to the topic is the stereotype about german efficiency . 
  my fil is a walking german stereotype , really . 
  one story we like to joke about is from when we all went on vacation together . 
  we 'd picked up some hotdogs from a grocery store one day to save money on lunch . 
  the next morning we woke up in our motel and my fil was going around offering cold hotdogs to everyone in our group for breakfast . 
  maybe not funny to some , but i found it hilarious . 
  i am a former teacher and my wife teaches currently . 
  i know something about this topic . 
    state standards are about content , not techniques . 
   irrelevant .
