  well , i have nothing to argue against that point . 
  sorry if i misunderstood . 
  a corollary of that point is that you pretty much have to get screwed by the law before you can argue against it . 
  i think i 'm describing how cruz calling himself a constitutionalist really is n't `` doing '' anything . 
  and no , removing the law does n't undo the jurisprudence that deemed it constitutional . 
  this is , again , showing how threadbare the idea of constitutionalism is when the constitutionality of the laws in question has already been established . 
  you can repeal a law , but the common law interpretation of that law is still law . 
  so if the law were simply passed again in its original form , its constitutionality would be supported by the case law that never went away . 
  it 's kept us out of trouble a few times , yeah . 
  let me correct one part of your point . 
  secularism is not `` an absence of supernatural belief . '', 
  secularism is the idea that underlies a religiously neutral public sphere that views religious belief as something outside of itself and without preference for any one over the others . 
  secularism does not address belief or non-belief . 
  in this sense , atheism is outside of secularism in the same way religious belief is . 
  think of it like this : any kind of belief or non-belief is water . 
  secularism is rain-x . 
  if you want to make that argument outside of this article 's context , that 's one thing . 
  this is not the issue at play in these comments , however . 
  the comments referenced `` secularism , '' and the issue this story is concerned with is not one of secularism versus religion . 
  in fact , if you read my comment for what it said and not what you seem to have automatically presumed it said , you 'd understand that the concept of `` secularism versus religion '' is inherently flawed , because secularism is by definition neutral on the topic of religion . 
  it 's like comparing your dinner to the table it was served on . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  your argument strikes me as disingenuous . 
  listen , i * do * understand what is * meant * by whichever of the terms you choose to apply . 
  my point is that it does n't matter what you call it or what the theory is behind it . 
  the task of achieving whatever goals underlie `` textual constitutionalism '' are no less difficult to achieve than `` constitutional ice-cream-sandwichism . '', 
  you say that the jurisprudence lies with the courts . 
  this is correct . 
  that is why standing outside that framework and announcing one 's own take on jurisprudence is like a fart in the wind . 
  if you 're starting a society from scratch , or advocating that ours be torn out root and branch , then i suppose there may be some merit to the idea . 
  but even then you 're going to run into trouble , because 1 ) you 'll find out as soon as you open for business that plain text very often fails to speak directly to the issue before the court , and 2 ) law is n't made in a vacuum . 
  our system , for example , was built on the foundation of british common law . 
  the courts have the authority in this area , and case law is equal to statutory law . 
  case law can be changed with more case law or through a constitutional amendment . 
  edit : phrasing . 
  this is false , because free exercise is as much a guarantee as the protection against establishment . 
  the two protections have to be balanced . 
  your point is also not relevant to my comment , which concerned a misunderstanding of what `` secularism '' is . 
  edit : i love how a comment that ignores a huge part of the equation gets upvoted , while the one calling attention to that ignorance gets downvoted . 
  you should be proud of yourselves , reddit . 
  i 'm glad you found it helpful . 
  that comment is gilded and has been upvoted hundreds of times since mine sat right beneath it , and yet it demonstrates a thorough misunderstanding of secularism . 
  as i said in another comment , it 's as if i said `` do restaurant patrons favor sandwiches over the table they 're served on , just because one is a food ? '', 
  and having hundreds of people pat me on the back because they hate sandwiches . 
  i 'm an atheist , by the way , and i believe that secularism is the only sensible model for a modern society . 
  notice how i 'm talking about two different things in that sentence ? 
  because the constitution has both an `` establishment '' clause and a `` free exercise '' clause , not just the one we like . 
  if we have public laws that interfere unduly on a person 's right to free exercise , we have to make room for that person 's right after balancing it with compelling state interests . 
  if my religion requires me to have facial hair and a regulation exits somewhere that prohibits it , a court will look at the regulation to see if the state has a compelling interest in enforcing the prohibition . 
  if the facial hair wo n't hamper a compelling state interest , then my right to free exercise takes precedence and i get to grow a beard . 
  the top comment -- gilded and upvoted over 500 times -- may mean one thing , but, 
  1 ) it says something else , and that thing it says both demonstrates and perpetuates a thorough misunderstanding of the law and the terms it uses , and, 
  2 ) that thing is not what is at issue in the linked article . 
  he 's not absolutely correct , though , so you do n't have to be sad . 
  he 's actually quite wrong , but that is a difficult point to make in a thread where people are content to upvote their sentiment and not what reflects an accurate use of terminology or understanding of the law . 
  that 's what should make you sad . 
  people hate religion so much , they engage in the same sort of false logic they accuse religious people of engaging in . 
  and by the way , i 'm an atheist and a secularist myself . 
  i just happen to know the difference between the two terms . 
  if there 's anything we do here in the u.s. consistently well , it 's hysteria . 
  every goddamn thing here is either a crisis or the answer to all our problems . 
  it comes through in our laws ( mass incarceration , mandatory minimums , sex offender registration ) , our politics ( government does some things poorly , so let 's just rally around the idea that it does everything poorly ) , and even our behavior as consumers . 
  ( carbs are bad ? 
  let 's make sure you ca n't walk two steps without seeing a `` low carb '' sticker on everything . 
  oh , it 's gluten now ? 
  well you can get gluten-free water over here ! ), 
  our sex offender laws are all but completely useless . 
  they serve a great shaming purpose , i suppose . 
  and then we pretend that 's not what it 's about . 
  they 're a product of our hysteria , and of our fetish for punishment . 
  the first part of your comment sounds great , even if that 's not the issue we 're looking at here . 
  i think you 're still misunderstanding the point . 
  `` secularism '' has nothing to say about belief or non-belief . 
  secularism is an empty building with a place for business in the center , and with equally sized residences attached where people can live and believe ( or not believe ) as they wish . 
  in the center , though , where business is conducted , the beliefs have no role to play . 
  belief and non-belief may compete with each other , but secularism does n't comment on that competition . 
  you could have a secular society with or without atheists in it . 
  some places in the middle east would probably reflect something close to this . 
  the thing is , our * secular * government protects the free exercise of religion the same way it protects against establishment of religion . 
  so if my right to free exercise ends up clashing with a public law , we have a process that balances the free exercise guarantee against the state interest for which that law was passed . 
  if i can practice my religion without substantially harming that state interest , my free exercise guarantee takes precedence . 
  because atheists do n't * have * a religion to freely exercise ( you ca n't * practice * atheism ) , the free exercise clause does n't really come into play for them . 
  that 's why atheists focus on the establishment clause . 
  atheists fight against public * endorsement * of religion on establishment grounds because again , free exercise does n't work in this scenario . 
  the bottom line is that you can argue for or against the free exercise clause , but in the presence of that clause you ca n't say that enforcing that clause is an affront to secularism . 
  balancing the free exercise guarantee against state interests * is * secularism , because our public laws both * protect * free exercise and * protect against * establishment . 
  still pretty racist against agents , if you ask me . 
  edit : downvoted ? 
  * yeeewwwww rah-seests !, 
  funny thing about google is , it does n't automatically contribute to a discussion thread when you use it , so googling benefits one person , whereas asking a question and receiving an answer in a discussion thread benefits other people who might have the same question . 
  telling people to google things , in turn , benefits people by . 
  well , it certainly allows us all to see someone telling someone else to google something . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't understand the logic whereby a relevant question is less useful than a reply that says `` look it up '' instead of answering it . 
  sometimes , information is for more than just me . 
  since all we have here are words , it matters when someone uses the wrong ones . 
  i am not at all convinced that people understand what he means . 
  and my point about relevancy was not that the * subject * is irrelevant . 
  it 's that the statement you say `` most people are understanding '' is n't the issue here . 
  the * real * issue is that when believers in a dominant religion try to use `` religious freedom '' as a means to achieving their unrelated political goals , they put their foolishness on display , because if you argue * disingenuously * from a position of neutrality you invite all kinds of shit you do n't want .
