  * but we 're talking eli5 , so . 
  okay , so you have two points of measured data , and you want to know what the data looks like between those two points even though you did n't directly measure any . 
  there are methods for figuring out what that data should be given what * is * known , and some of those methods are better than others depending on the situation . 
  for example , we can measure a person 's height at age five and again at age 15 , and we can assume that his height at age 10 was at the appropriate spot on a straight line between the two measurements , or we could make a more appropriate estimation based on what we know about typical human growth rates between ages five and 15 , which would likely show an accelerated rate during the latter half of the time interval . 
  the analogy is n't perfect for this situation , but the point is that there are less sophisticated and more sophisticated ways of filling in the blanks between two points of observed data . 
  i believe he 's referring to the point at which we typically begin seeing human ancestors that are properly called `` human , '' ( i.e. , as opposed to australopithecine or whatever other wacky stuff they had running around before the homos took over ) . 
  we are somewhat less litigation-heavy here than our reputation suggests , but some of our reliance on litigation stems from a political culture that is less friendly toward government regulation than in other countries . 
  sometimes lawsuits are the only way to get industry to take responsibility for things . 
  sometimes it 's necessary because injuries can cost more than a person 's insurance will cover , if the person has insurance at all ( which is changing somewhat ) . 
  companies that wo n't build this thing for fear of lawsuits are n't fearing frivolous lawsuits . 
  they 're fearing justified ones , because they do n't want to follow up with the due diligence that would prevent them . 
  looks like we almost had a new myth getting started right here in this thread . 
  how ironic that would have been . 
  good point . 
  thanks !, 
  i agree with your point , but i would say that drug users are just a large class of people affected by a problem that i think is both systemic and cultural . 
  if you listen to the public discourse on criminal behavior , for example , it 's pretty common to hear the discussion center around whether so-and-so will `` do any jail time . '', 
  personally , i think the conversation should be about what the hell good jail time does in the first place . 
  punishment does n't make people better . 
  jail should be for the protection of the public , not the uncreative go-to idea for addressing every type of misbehavior . 
  i was in the army years ago and i made the observation then that there 's a regulation to cover every possible behavior . 
  at any given time it seemed as if anyone could be in violation of * something , * and that 's how people got nailed sometimes -- if somebody wanted to give a subordinate a hard time , it was easy to find a regulation that person was violating . 
  yes , it would be ironic . 
  the thread is about harmful myths being created on reddit , so if one were to be created within this thread it would be ironic , not just a coincidence . 
  nothing precludes irony from coincidence . 
  the two occur together frequently . 
  i 'm not really sure if mike duncan hates him . 
  just branding . 
  who would move to buckledhatistan ? 
  the guy says you 're not gay , man . 
  i do n't know why you do n't just accept it and move on . 
  i gave the complainers a hearing because i did n't know either way and had no preconceptions about the argument . 
  i just wanted to know more about what was going on . 
  and then i read exchanges between mods and the people complaining wherein it was clear that a temporary ban or a removed post was the result of failing to comply with subreddit rules . 
  now , i 'm sure there is some inconsistency in the way rules are applied sometimes . 
  that happens everywhere , and i think complaints along those lines are legitimate . 
  but do n't run around screaming `` censorship ! '', 
  when you posted an editorial to a sub that does n't allow editorials and the post was removed . 
  it severely weakens the argument you 're trying to make . 
  pointing to cases where mods let something similar fly does n't change the fact that the post broke a rule . 
  i have an 8 '' dob and i 've never imagined i could get close to achieving what you did here . 
  nice job !, 
  i 'd really love to fill in the blanks of my knowledge to understand how this is possible . 
  my impression thus far has been that good images require auto tracking of the object , and that dobs do n't lend themselves well to tracking mechanisms . 
  obviously , i 'm missing something somewhere . 
  wow , that 's awesome . 
  thanks so much for going to the trouble !, 
  this is a fantastic tutorial , and i really appreciate your putting it together . 
  you 've just added value to my dob i did n't know it had . 
  actually , i do , and i 'm a so-called liberal democrat . 
  it 's not because i think the email thing means much in isolation , but because 1 ) it 's part of an overall pattern of behavior that suggests she considers herself above the constraints other people in government are expected to abide by , 2 ) it plays straight into the hands of critics on the other side of the aisle , and 3 ) her response insults the intelligence of the public ( which is difficult to do , but she accomplished it nonetheless ) . 
  i 'd much rather have someone in office who is n't full of shit , and whose behavior is easier to defend . 
  if someone had thought to make a cable channel devoted to them a long time ago , they probably would have made a killing . 
  it 's html 6.0 , duh . 
  i do n't think he was expressing agreement with shaw so much as pointing out that even learned people have had impressions of islam that do n't comport with the widely held view of the religion people have in the west today . 
  this is one of the reasons i find historiography interesting . 
  it sounded like a made-up word to me the first time i heard it . 
  for those who do n't already know , historiography is the study of how history has been taught or portrayed throughout history . 
  this is n't an example of * exactly * that , but it serves as an example of why such a study is useful -- namely , that people 's opinions are colored by the historical context in which they 're formed and expressed . 
  it makes me wonder what shaw or patton were implicitly contrasting with islam when they wrote what they did about it . 
  maybe it had something to do with the strong presence of catholicism in germany at the time . 
  i do n't know . 
  just a guess . 
  that 's how they make excel templates in the caribbean , which is where this would be done , for tax purposes . 
  yeah , it 's just how i read the comment . 
  i could easily have read it wrong . 
  but i think there 's value in presenting a different perspective . 
  ( not to be confused with contrarianism for its own sake . ), 
  i thought you were exaggerating when i read your comment . 
  then i checked his post history . 
  you almost were n't exaggerating . 
  actually i think the involvement of money is exactly what makes this funny . 
  they obviously need the fema dollars in florida enough that they * will * comply with fema 's requirement to address climate change issues in their request , even though for political reasons their governor is pretending it 's not a real thing ( or whatever iteration of denial he 's currently using ) . 
  without the money issue the ( darkly ) funny hypocrisy element would be missing . 
  i 'm sorry , but while i agree with your point generally , i just want to address the `` stop bitching online '' bit . 
  i see this admonition from time to time and it bugs me for two reasons :, 
  1 ) bitching online is part of the public discourse that informs voting behavior . 
  some people actually form and refine their opinions based on the quality of the arguments advanced in favor of or against the ideas at issue , so i believe that bitching online is an important part of political life . 
  2 ) the two activities juxtaposed here are not either-or propositions . 
  when people say things like `` you should call your representative instead of being an online warrior '' or whatever , the first thing that comes to mind is * what makes you think i have n't ? 
  not picking on * you . 
  * i just do n't want to let the idea stand that what 's happening right here is inherently not useful or consequential . 
  thanks for not taking it personally . 
  i just seem to have bumped into expressions like this a little more frequently than usual in the past few months , and i got the urge to address it this time . 
  define `` african-american '', 
  i 'm 43 and people still give me frog stuff . 
  i actually kinda prefer that space because moving the window around is a pain in the ass for me with so little room for error grabbing it ( especially when it 's locked to the top of the screen and i 'm trying to yank it down from there ) . 
  i 'm always inadvertently closing tabs , missing the mark , etc. 
  if you put your comma inside the quotation mark where it belongs , i will do my part to never let the phrase `` smoked drugs '' pass by me without comment . 
  kinda funny and ironic that i am here and just subscribed based precisely on this logic , in reverse . 
  i agree with the principle you 've expressed here , but to rely on it alone is to imply that it 's never okay to clamp down on a person or group for the * manner * in which they use their `` right , '' and i think that 's a shortsighted and impractical way of viewing freedom and rights . 
  the followers of the banned groups were n't oppressed for their ideas . 
  they had a privilege revoked because they abused it by creating a hostile environment for other people who were exercising * their * privilege ( or `` right , '' if you want to give it a different context ) . 
  the single greatest flaw in the reasoning used by these angry redditors ( ignoring the obvious one whereby they conflate `` reddit 's commitment to free expression '' with the first amendment ) is where they fail to recognize that freedoms are necessarily balanced against one another . 
  or to put it another way , that a * proper * limit to one 's freedom is the point at which it interferes with the freedom of others . 
  or yet more plainly : you have to live with the consequences that come with exercising your freedom , * particularly * when you exercise it in a way that is harmful to others . 
  i hope it is n't , because that 's one of the most frustrating things to have to clear the air about , over and over . 
  i think the choice of that name belongs on the list of atrocities the nazis committed . 
  the victimization of people who know something about history and politics never seems to end . 
  i think you 've stated it well .
