  and i still murder my cases . 
  sometimes when i talk , i say two or three of the articles i think might apply . 
  i remember having the sense that if someone had been * umgebracht , * they 'd been led by the hand somewhere . 
  you 're absolutely right about those verbs with similarities . 
  and i still murder my cases . 
  sometimes when i talk , i say two or three of the articles i think might apply . 
  the # 1 reason : all that killing and corralling of the left was to eliminate like-minded competition . 
  i suppose , then , that absorbing the right-wing parties was really about diluting the brand . 
  you 've got ta be a nazi to come up with a strategy like that . 
  i 've read that she is , but i do n't remember where . 
  i believe it 's because the position is an elected one , though , and she has to be removed through an impeachment process of sorts . 
  a rare occurrence for mt. 
  gretna and the surrounding area , to be sure . 
  how was she walking if she did n't have a bottom ? 
  the best i 've been able to tell is that the judge felt confident that her * office * would continue issuing lawful marriage licenses . 
  it seems to be up in the air right now exactly how her return will affect this . 
  there are a number of ways to define what a `` christian '' is , including some that do n't consider the bible ( other than perhaps the gospels ) a final authority . 
  the example you give , though , is something even mainstream christian churches recognize as no longer being a binding set of rules . 
  you 're pointing to the old testament , which -- for most christians , anyway -- is just `` back story . '', 
  i 'm not a christian , but i used to be . 
  one thing that non-christians ( particularly the ones who are hostile to religion and not merely indifferent ) seem not to get sometimes is that there 's a lot of philosophical diversity within the church . 
  it 's like anything : outsiders see the similarities and insiders see the differences . 
  [ frank schaefer ] ( http://www.religionnews.com/2014/10/27/methodist-rev-frank-schaefer/ ) , for example , risked his very livelihood to officiate at his gay son 's wedding . 
  his arguments supporting his choice are no less `` christian '' than those offered by opponents ( and are arguably more so ) . 
  not really . 
  you 're correct that i do n't support her or her cause . 
  but the cringe aspect , for me , comes from 1 ) the hackneyed use of `` eye of the tiger '' along with its connotation of hard-won victory . 
  she was jailed for less than a week and she made an entrance like nelson mandela . 
  2 ) the implication that she accomplished anything good -- or anything , really , other than embarrassing herself and turning people off to christianity , and 3 ) the theatrical demonstration of a complete misunderstanding of her role as a public official , and what it means to live in a pluralistic society . 
  besides , she * lost . 
  * if she gets in the way of issuing lawful licenses again , she 'll go back to jail . 
  this event was a political stunt , and kim davis was mike huckabee 's pawn in it . 
  what she claims as her right of conscience , if the courts had allowed it , ca n't be denied to people who * do n't * believe as she does . 
  that is , had her exemption been allowed , then it would have opened the door to , say , muslim public officials who refuse to issue a marriage license ( or building permit , or what have you ) because the applicant eats pork , or has a wife who does n't wear a hijab in public . 
  do you want that ? 
  plenty of people who share davis 's religious beliefs also disagree with what she attempted to do here , for just this reason . 
  still , we 're a special kind of nuts to people on the outside looking in . 
  christianity is based on following jesus christ , and there are many iterations of it today , and many others that are no longer practiced at least by an appreciable number of people . 
  people can and do define their own belief systems . 
  i think this * story * deserves a lot , though . 
  often it 's the attention from a wider audience that brings an end to nonsense that is allowed to go on in comparatively isolated contexts . 
  no , that music was live at the event , and imo it contributes greatly to the cringe aspect . 
  i do n't post much here , but when i saw this clip i physically cringed , so i knew exactly what to do . 
  it can be pretty surreal to anyone who does n't have at least one foot in the culture that accepts this . 
  not desperate at all . 
  i 'm not even a christian -- not of any stripe . 
  it makes no difference to me either way . 
  i 'm just trying to clarify a point about something you seem to misunderstand . 
  this is n't true for employment law . 
  i 'm not sure where else the principle applies , but when it comes to labor , effects matter as much as the letter of the policy in question . 
  i 'm sure there are hairs to split somewhere , but it 's late for me and i ca n't elaborate further . 
  what it may -- or will -- come down to is making that argument in court and seeing where the chips fall . 
  after all , that 's how we have the case law we have . 
  my sense is that it would ultimately hinge on some arcane legal reasoning and precedent . 
  fourteenth amendment cases can be pretty complex . 
  yeah , it 's a little messy . 
  they do single it out , but employment law involves an interplay of 1 ) title vii of the civil rights act of 1964 ( as you mentioned ) , 2 ) the equal pay act of 1963 , 3 ) the age discrimination in employment act of 1967 , 4 ) the ada ( 1990 ) , and 5 ) the genetic information nondiscrimination act of 2008 . 
  and that 's just the beginning of the complexity . 
  where the statutes are not perfectly clear , the gaps are filled in through case law and administrative law ( i.e. , regulations , which have the force of law ) . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure , but i believe the `` effects '' provision is an example of the latter . 
  that is , the dol has set forth that an employer is liable for discriminatory effects and not merely intent . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i tied them together because my shot-from-the-hip assumption was that the legislation we 're talking about was predicated on trending 14th amendment interpretations . 
  this stuff used to be at the tip of my tongue , but it 's been a while since i focused that closely . 
  i 'm 44 and i grew up in new england . 
  my sense of things after having watched a generation after me grow up is that we who were kids in the 70s and 80s were the first to have been raised in a `` publicly anti-racist '' environment in the u.s. . that is , we had no sense of how * very * recent the civil rights movement was . 
  * openly * racist ideas were already taboo , so learning about the racist past of the country left one with the sense that everyone had gotten wiser and moved on . 
  i think my parents ' generation was the `` whispering racist generation '' -- at least in the northeast . 
  my dad never expressed hate toward black people , but he was one of those guys who would distinguish between '' black people '' and `` niggers . '', 
  after he and my mom split , he married a woman from georgia who used to say things like `` i do n't have * aaanything * against black people , '' and then would add in a hushed tone , * `` but they do smell . 
  it took me some time until i could relate to the fact that these people * grew up * during precisely the time when this `` green book '' was published . 
  i think there was a lot of cognitive dissonance for people who bought into the prevailing racist norms of the country as young people , only to be told as adults that this is not okay . 
  strange times . 
  holy crap , me too . 
  it was instantaneous and involuntary . 
  i was like * wtf , this never happens . 
  wait , so people use babies like footballs for real ? 
  i thought that was made up for south park . 
  i got ticketed by german police for letting my car idle on some winter mornings . 
  edit : you think i made that up ? 
  why would this get downvoted ? 
  i seriously got ticketed in germany for letting my car idle . 
  wtf . 
  eh , what 's one vowel ? 
  that 's some very specific eye reading there . 
  yeah , there 's an anti-boomer trope on reddit that generally misunderstands how things got to be the way they are . 
  my parents ' generation were boomers , and growing up , i saw that they were as diverse as any other group of people . 
  the line i see on reddit usually goes `` they used up all the goodies and then voted them all away , '' and this is simply not how things happened . 
  as you mentioned , it 's not just one `` generation '' that pulls the strings . 
  the economy is also subject to factors beyond voter control , and they did n't have nearly the amount of `` benefits '' that the public has today . 
  then there 's that part about being subject to the draft , vietnam , gas rationing , double-digit inflation and mortgage interest , and all kinds of other shit they had to put up with that we do n't . 
  the bottom line is , boomers are numerous , and old . 
  old people tend to be more conservative than young people . 
  the boomers are an inconvenient voting block for progressives , and that 's about it . 
  there 's no need to weave a nefarious narrative into the story . 
  this was the first thought that occurred to me when sanders announced his candidacy . 
  i just had to laugh . 
  it was such great comic relief to so many years of screaming about obama 's `` socialism . '', 
  `` incumbent '' carries as much if not more weight than `` popular . '', 
  yeah , i do n't doubt what you 're saying .
