  `` my lipstick on his dipstick '' inspired an actual cringe in me . 
  i think she looks more like amy sedaris . 
  so i guess the same question would apply to you . 
  what draws you to participate in a community that does n't , as you say , take the time to hear your views ? 
  well , this is true , and often overlooked in public discourse . 
  it seems the mass culture wants everyone to pick one side , whereas in real life there is a significant number of people who behave like individuals and have mixed views . 
  it 's not so much a theory as what i 've observed being upvoted to the front page over time . 
  sure , there are plenty of niches , but there is clearly a dominant voice on reddit that is n't friendly toward people with views like yours , and you ca n't tell me you have n't noticed it . 
  thanks . 
  i like this comment . 
  equisite . 
  i would think that perusing the fb pages of 14-18-year-olds would be creepy if one * were n't * a teacher or someone otherwise professionally involved with people that age . 
  but to say it 's inherently creepy is just falling in line with cultural prejudice about such things . 
  it actually makes a lot of sense to me that a teacher would do such a thing when he/she has a career working with that age group . 
  i have n't measured the temp since pitching , but by now it should be up to room temperature , which is about 70 degrees f. 
  good to know . 
  thanks . 
  right , i did n't mention it , but the wort did get a fair amount of aeration . 
  i dumped it from a decent height into a bottling bucket , and while running it through my chiller i let it trickle into the fermenter from a height , too , creating a decent froth . 
  usually that seems to be enough aeration , but i suppose it would n't hurt anything to shake the stuff up a bit more . 
  cool , thanks . 
  thanks !, 
  interesting . 
  it 's been a long time since we had a baby in the house and when we did , my wife did the feeding at home . 
  so i 'm out of the loop when it comes to how much of a taboo it is . 
  i ca n't say that seeing someone doing it in public does n't make me look twice , but i 've certainly never been bothered by it or considered it inappropriate . 
  i guess a lot of people still do . 
  as someone who sees a doc for anxiety , i can relate . 
  in some contexts i have no trouble mentioning it . 
  in others i can feel the pressure not to let the cat out of the bag . 
  i totally agree . 
  i sometimes wonder what 's wrong with people who * do n't * experience some kind of mental illness ( not talking about congenital stuff , of course ) -- at least in today 's ( american ) society . 
  wow , i never knew that . 
  yes , i 've heard of it happening when some kind of tragedy has occurred , but i was not aware of this being a thing for , like , regular death . 
  it seems to be here , at least . 
  and i suppose it depends on your demographic . 
  when i was 20 i had no problem talking about my enthusiasm for certain games , but at 42 it feels a bit weirder bringing it up around my contemporaries -- although , that 's changing with time . 
  haha , i had to overcome my own prejudice in this area . 
  i never thought poorly of people with tattoos , but i did assume some things about them , until my wife and i met and became good friends with a woman who is covered with them and is one of the most thoughtful , intelligent people we know . 
  yeah , it 's changing . 
  but i get it . 
  i 'm friends with an interracial couple who live in seattle . 
  the guy ( who is black ) told me that although he 's from the east coast , he prefers the west , because he feels less stigmatized there . 
  found the right one . 
  here :, 
  this is interesting . 
  never heard the term aave . 
  i 'm interested in looking into it more , though . 
  sometimes i guess there 's a fine line between a genuine cultural development and what most people would consider simply poor usage . 
  but over time the lines become clearer . 
  i imagine the french thought and said very disapproving things about what became pidgin and/or creole in time . 
  i suppose it depends a great deal on context . 
  sometimes a `` black '' expression is much less troubling to me than someone of any background using `` your '' instead of `` you 're , '' for example . 
  other times i think `` damn , that guy went to school . 
  he should talk like he did . '', 
  live and learn . 
  i 'm gon na have to keep an eye on the obits to see if we can get a good deal on an upgrade . 
  so i 've read . 
  and if i recall correctly , the technology exists to produce stem cells that do n't come from aborted fetuses anyway , so i do n't know why there 's still a controversy . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  i assume you mean this with particular thought being given to the double standard that exists between men and women in this area . 
  you should try it with a cat . 
  for me it 's not about caring who knows . 
  it 's about letting the government get away with patently illegal activity . 
  if you do n't force the government to operate within constitutionally defined limits when it comes to issues you do n't personally care about , sooner or later one of the protections you do care about will be violated , and you will have set a precedent of indifference . 
  when i first saw this i thought you were the professor . 
  i do n't mean to belittle your experience , but i have to wonder how sitting in a lecture creates anxiety . 
  ca n't you just sit , listen , and take notes ? 
  i work from home and i do the exact same thing . 
  even posted a similar meme about it this morning . 
  have an upvote , fellow worker with good intentions and no self-discipline !, 
  ah , more in the spotlight . 
  i get it . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rz6xyan.jpg ) is a screen cap of what he posted , for the curious . 
  it was taken down -- by whom i 'm unsure -- not long after it went up . 
  but a constituent got a cap of it before it happened . 
  to your first question my answer is no . 
  he 's just the president giving a sotu address and not a campaign stump speech . 
  to the second i say only that every president has a `` political slant . '', 
  having it responded to by `` the '' other side is a media practice that lends credence to the notion that there only is one other side , and that is harmful to meaningful political discourse . 
  well , i can certainly see your point . 
  i guess i 'm not so much against responses as such , but rather the media airing such responses along with the event itself and by doing so , ratifying the idea that there are only two sides to the issues discussed in the speech . 
  rand paul is a republican . 
  the tea party is not a real party , but rather a subgroup within the republican party . 
  i did n't watch the address on a major network this year . 
  was the green party response aired on a major network ? 
  if so , it would do some damage to my point . 
  but typically the major networks only give time to the big parties in opposition . 
  and this is where i think the problem lies . 
  any niche political interest can do a circlejerk in its own forum in response to something like the sotu , and this they do . 
  but a lot of people who rely on major network coverage of the speech wo n't be exposed to these arguments , and giving a voice to an already-powerful party to the exclusion of others only strengthens the perception that there are only two sides to choose from ( i.e. 
  liberal or conservative ) , when reality is far more complicated than that . 
  the truth is that what has evolved in the u.s. as a * de facto * two-party system , with both parties rigging the game to make participation of outside parties very , very difficult , and the media ( and to an extent , the public itself ) reinforcing the rigging , public discourse about important issues is reduced to choosing one of two options , instead of being elevated to something that might possibly transcend ideology . 
  the problem with using charter schools as a model is that they are frequently exempted from having to bear the cumbersome burdens that are placed on the public school system at large . 
  moreover , the kids that end up attending the charter schools do n't comprise a representative sample of the general public . 
  so the public schools get saddled with having to make very expensive accommodations for the kids with the greatest challenges while the charter schools are free to get the biggest bang for their buck . 
  it 's no wonder the charter schools do better . 
  they probably are , by and large , objectively better learning environments . 
  but they ca n't serve as a general model without giving consideration to what happens to the kids who would be ineligible to attend them for whatever reason . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lmj4htsquyi&amp;desktop_uri=%2fwatch%3fv%3dlmj4htsquyi ),
