  we 're not magically conferred with some kind of wisdom when we stick around for so-and-so long . 
  people are flawed at all ages . 
  and while it 's reasonable to expect an adult to have a certain kind of understanding of things , it does n't mean that adults always will . 
  consequently , an adult perpetrator ca n't be justly labeled as a predator ipso facto pursuant to some arbitrarily defined sexual act . 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  i agree with what you 're saying generally , in principle . 
  but i draw the line when the principle morphs into a comfortable relationship with prejudice . 
  do n't take my objection to your position as a dismissal of your individual points . 
  also , thank you for engaging with me on this topic in the way you have . 
  unfortunately , i 've come to expect less from most interactions on reddit . 
  i disagree with some of the particulars , but i appreciate where the sentiment is coming from . 
  love your idea but hate your use of the apostrophe . 
   tautologically, 
  i ca n't see how this fits . 
  got ta get accepted , though . 
  til you can get upvotes for replying `` not untrue '' to a downvoted comment . 
  pretty clever , i must say . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  you still have to earn the credits from that community college , and you still have to be accepted by the four-year school as a transfer student . 
  and while doing so is n't terribly challenging for those who know what they want and are serious , you ca n't say that a person can go to school ( for a four-year degree , anyway ) `` regardless of qualifications '' in the u.s. 
  edit : clarification . 
  you 're right in the sense that this is the least restrictive path toward earning a degree in the u.s. , but it 's important to remember that performance does matter along the way . 
  in other words , `` getting in '' is only half the battle . 
  there is some truth to this , but it 's not quite so simple . 
  an `` everyday '' university such as a state school * might * just have some highly prestigious professors or departments , and generally speaking a person who applies himself and makes the proper effort at just about any school will learn the * subject matter * . 
  exclusive schools do also have their problems , such as the oft-complained-about way some of the top-tier professors end up pawning off their undergrad classes to tas while they work on stuff with grad students and reel in grant money . 
  but these schools , of course , have prestige attached to them , and they offer a number of advantages the others do n't , a few of which are massive networking opportunities and instant brand recognition in the job market . 
  i like at least that your gears are turning , but think this one through :, 
  if people with degrees earn more , then they pay more in taxes , which means that it 's people with degrees who are paying the larger share of the benefit . 
  now , who benefits ? 
  people with money do n't need cheap or free education . 
  average people do . 
  and if they get it , they have the potential to earn more than they would have otherwise , which means they will pay it forward with * their * taxes . 
  it 's not just rhetoric to refer to this as an investment . 
  if we put money toward wider access to education , as a society we 'll absolutely get a return on that investment . 
  but in the u.s. you have to move political mountains to get the populace to see it that way , so instead of public financing of higher education we get public facilitation of private lending . 
  i had it free for political science . 
  i 've been married to a german for 24 years . 
  we have friends and family who are either in school or attended not terribly long ago . 
  and i 'll be damned if i can make any sense of that system you 've got going on there . 
  i think part of it is that there are terms that sound similar between the two languages that do n't really mean the same thing . 
  my vague sense of things is that , generally , you have trades and academics . 
  some people learn a trade at a functional level and some go on to more advanced training , whatever either of those things is called . 
  somewhere between a schnitzel and a rollmops there 's an abitur , and then everything becomes clear again when we just talk about `` university . '', 
  after that it all goes to crap again with magisters or mscs or whatever the hell you call them , and they 're like master 's degrees but they 're not . 
  or sometimes they are . 
  or jesus fuck , who knows ? 
  full disclosure : my wife and her family are from the east , so i 'm sure that adds to the confusion . 
  edit : spelling . 
  not trying to be a dick , but : * subsidies . 
  also , i 'm 43 and i did n't vote shit away . 
  i did n't get much , either . 
  i had to join the army to get money for school . 
  the problem is n't that a generation of people got a free ride and then voted away the benefits . 
  `` generous '' benefits were never there . 
  the problem is that the costs have risen at an absurd rate , and what used to be a benefit is now a burden . 
  add to it the fact that , politically , it 's easier to sell $ 100 billion of war machines to the public than $ 10 billion worth of `` free '' anything in this country . 
  do n't worry , you 'll have your chance to fuck something up too . 
  no `` generation '' screwed anything up . 
  it 's the political culture in this country that screwed things up and which continues to do so . 
  people like to pin it on the reagan years and forward , and there 's a lot of crappy stuff that has happened in that timeframe to be sure . 
  but the poisonous politics predates that time . 
  hell , we spent a decade after the crash of 1929 voting for people who did n't believe the government should do anything about the great depression . 
  they wanted people to pull themselves up by their bootstraps , even though bootstraps were all some people had to eat !, 
  what the hell benefits and subsidies are you talking about ? 
  jesus , past generations did n't have * shit * compared to what 's available today . 
  the problem is that costs are astronomical , and they rise at a rate much higher than inflation . 
  i mean , the `` boomer '' generation ( which , i should point out , did not speak with one voice ) is responsible for a few things i wish had n't happened , but holy shit , man , a good bunch of the benefits we do have , we have because of them . 
  well thank you for this !, 
  it makes much more sense to me now . 
  and i see that my attempts at understanding were complicated by being unaware of the transitional nature of the system . 
  basically , they fashioned a new `` junior '' level that had n't existed before . 
  but perceptions play a role , as you said . 
  more people are getting graduate degrees here today than in the past , but `` traditionally '' the bachelor 's degree was a high-enough thing for most people to attain here , and a master 's degree was something special indeed . 
  i appreciate the explanation . 
   hmm , i wonder who voted reagan in office ? 
  save your regurgitated nonsensical verbal vomit for the lemmings !, 
  i 'm 43 years old . 
  i do n't need to regurgitate anything . 
  i have plenty of my own shit to say , thank you . 
  when reagan was elected i was 9 . 
  the oldest boomers were 35 . 
  so you 're leaving out the wwi and wwii generations in your assessment of who put reagan in office . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  if you 'd read my comment you 'd realize that i did n't pin the stuff young people ( particularly the ones in this thread ) are complaining about on the reagan era . 
   [ a whole lot of nonsense about who `` boomers '' are and what they did . ], 
  i would like to know specifically what you mean by boomers ' `` self-indulgence , '' and how that in any way is connected to the rising cost of education . 
  or * any * of the woes you cite . 
  you realize that there never was a time when boomers were exclusively in control of anything , right ? 
  and that they do n't all have the same opinion about politics , finance , or education ? 
  what you 're talking about is n't the result of a `` generation '' of people acting this or that way . 
  it 's the result of a political and economic class of people , young and old , who think that social investment is a moral hazard , who have a distorted view of `` what this country is all about , '' who equate social investment with socialism and socialism with evil , and who think that because government does n't do everything right , it does nothing right . 
  it 's not `` boomers '' who created the disconnect between the people and their government . 
  it 's the moneyed interests and the so-called `` cultural conservatives '' who unwittingly toe the line with them who have done that . 
  if you want to blame boomers for anything you can blame them for being alive . 
  when people who know what they 're talking about complain about boomers , they 're complaining about the fact that as a population `` boom '' that has been entering retirement for several years now , boomers are costing a lot in social security and medicare benefits . 
  * that * is a fact that can be applied to a generation of people , not this horseshit you 're talking about where `` they '' somehow as a unified group decided to soak up all kinds of benefits and then choke them off for future generations . 
   `` hundreds of public universities created to give themselves careers '', 
  so that 's how it works , huh ? 
   `` no incentive for the boomers .
