  there 's the top 40 on the radio , there 's the `` alternative '' stuff that is really just popular stuff that gets to wear the badge of erstwhile obscurity , and then there 's the actually obscure stuff that few people actually enjoy but gets authenticity cred among a certain group of people . 
  same with writing . 
  there are a few hot names out there who get endorsed by all the hip reviewers , and even a guy like me who can really dig some skillfully written prose finds their work barely readable . 
  it 's all about the target audience and what one has to know before even trying to understand what 's going on in a given piece of work . 
  and i do n't mean this as a defense of such work . 
  i mean , i 'm sure it has its place , but if it only speaks to a tiny minority of people , what exactly do you hope to accomplish with it ? 
  well , you seem to be speaking from the perspective of the child and not the parent , so if that 's your perspective then you really do n't know what your parents ' take on things is . 
  we most definitely did n't `` spoil '' our kids . 
  not spoiling your kids does n't make you immune to expenses , though , many of which can be hidden from the kid/teenager while he 's nominally `` fixing his own mess '' or `` handling things on his own . '', 
  i was joking , of course , when i suggested everyone 's experience is the same . 
  of course it 's not . 
  but i 'm willing to bet that while you were fixing your own mistakes , your parents were eating shit in some way you were n't even aware of . 
  maybe not . 
  but i think it 's likely . 
  that thing where you clean your ear with a cotton swab and it feels like you 're clearing out a whole bunch of crap even if it comes out clean . 
  i think it was the part where the earthy thing on the screen began rotating in the opposite direction it had been rotating , after superman flew around it in that opposite direction faster and faster . 
  and then the part where he changed the direction he was flying in and the earthy thing started turning in * that * direction . 
  the effects of traveling at near-light speed do not depend on the direction of travel , though . 
  in the movie , the earth reacts to the * direction * he flies in . 
  also , traveling at near-light speed does n't allow for a choice in the direction one `` travels '' in time . 
  in the case of both instances in the movie , only seconds would have passed for superman , but people on earth would have experienced a greater passage of time . 
  ah , so that 's the piece i 'm missing . 
  thank you . 
  ugh , i did n't * say * you * said * that . 
  but that 's what he * did * , so there 's an implication there . 
  anyway , / u/misterbts explained that the faster-than-light thing was spelled out in the comics , so that 's that . 
  yeah , well i sure did n't . 
  hell , all i knew back then was that peter frampton and the bee gees wrote sergeant pepper . 
  not unheard of around here . 
  but that 's one of the reasons i came here ( central pa ) . 
  if i 'd gone to a major metropolitan i 'd have treaded water or worse for a lot longer . 
  when i lived in germany one of the first things i noticed about television ( particularly with the synchronized american programs i had already been familiar with ) was that the nudity was left alone , but the more graphic scenes of violence were edited out . 
  it was a huge cultural lesson . 
  i 'm married to a german . 
  nudity in our home is so non-sexualized we just do it with our clothes on . 
  hungarians do it . 
  the british seem to have much less of a problem with `` cunt '' than americans do . 
  going the other way , though , `` fanny '' here is a very polite way to say `` butt , '' but i know it 's not that way for the brits . 
  iraq . 
  fox . 
  pot . 
  kettle . 
  not the point , papa bear . 
  see , i 'll take the u.s. over russia any day myself , too . 
  but the topic of the thread was culture , and particularly the cultural reaction to smiling at strangers in public . 
  nobody asked for your goddamn political opinion . 
  but you chose to offer it anyway , and did so by calling attention to subjects on which the u.s. has severely damaged its own moral authority , so you double-douched yourself with a single comment . 
  i had other words for you at first but i thought i 'd check your profile to see if i 'm wasting my time with a troll , and i see that you 're a ukrainian expat , or at least ukrainian , and i want you to understand that i am 100 % on the side of ukraine in the current mess . 
  i do n't share your glib attitude about the nsa , but that 's another matter . 
  the point is , your comment was a shitty one given its context . 
  had it been on topic or in any other way warranted i would have joined your side of the argument . 
  ugh , indeed !, 
  i am guilty of making that very assumption that is so regularly complained about here . 
  my wit is without a compass !, 
  also , thank you . 
  nope . 
  for me it was august 3 , 1989 , just after 8 a.m. weird thing is , i was asleep at that time . 
  just woke up and it was all over . 
  tough for us middle-agers . 
  maybe someday , if we do n't turn this bullshit around . 
  i actually miss the cold war . 
  back then we had to actually exercise a little humanity in order to convince ourselves as well as others that we were * actually * the good guy . 
  there was a sense of moral authority that could be backed up with real-world facts . 
  sure , there was hypocrisy , but not anywhere near the amount we 're living with today . 
  if we ca n't shake this sadistic schadenfreude that seems to be our cultural bread and butter , i 'm going to do everything i can to make retirement in germany work ( my wife is german ) . 
  i do n't want to give up on my country . 
  we 've done really great things . 
  but i have one life and i have no interest in drinking the hemlock . 
  so help me understand : do we have rights that are not protected in the constitution ? 
  if not , then what 's the practical difference between `` granting '' and `` protecting '' ? 
  if so , how does one assert them in a court of law ? 
  they 're trying to sell toothpaste with this guy 's yellow beulen ? 
  i have only now straight this sub discovered . 
  i would such a great idea too soon fail see hate . 
  believe it or not , i studied political science in grad school and most of this is stuff i should have known already , but it 's been a few years since i looked at constitutional law carefully . 
  i 'm pretty sure the right to vote is dealt with thoroughly in the constitution , though , and i would have assumed freedom of association was mentioned too , but i do n't have the time to check on that right now . 
  but anyway , not the point . 
  the thing is , i would really loved to have had a class on 9th and 10th amendment jurisprudence . 
  it 's one of those areas that is rarely considered in any depth . 
  my vague memory tells me that case law has not been too kind to those amendments , but i 'll have to do some digging on my own . 
  i do remember this being an issue , yes . 
  i guess the problem is ( or seems to be ) that while this was certainly the guiding principle , * actually * asserting these `` rights '' becomes problematic , does n't it ? 
  for example , the courts take the first amendment so seriously that any law that encroaches on it has to involve the `` least restrictive means '' to satisfy a `` compelling state interest . '', 
  i know of no such strict test for laws that do harm to rights that * are n't * enumerated . 
  thanks . 
  yes , i remember this issue being discussed in the federalist papers . 
  i do think , though , that the argument for enumeration has been vindicated by history . 
  the courts have n't been too kind to `` rights '' that do n't have plain text support , as far as i can remember . 
  this made me laugh but i simply could not upvote it . 
  when i finally got it . 
  you say `` deal with it '' as if the part about his not having a claim to your money were true . 
  he does . 
  we all do . 
  we have a constitution and that constitution says we have a claim on your money . 
  that 's the society you actually live in . 
  i think you need to deal with that . 
  speak for yourself . 
  grammar gives me would . 
  maybe they 're looking at their paypal app . 
  hmm , one hour already and all the people who took linguistics 101 have n't swooped in yet to tell everyone that grammar does n't matter .
