  and the first step in becoming properly informed is accepting that truth is sometimes uncomfortable or counterintuitive . 
   it 's simply a cultural disdain for anything non-liberal which seeps through . 
  that is how political correctness works : peer pressure , cultural taboos and disdain for the other . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` anything non-liberal . '', 
  here you 're providing an example of the `` political projection '' i spoke of in my original comment . 
  what does snl have to say or do to satisfy your criteria for being `` non-liberal '' ? 
  the comments i referred to made such claims as `` in the 70s the show had zero politics '' and `` they do n't make fun of democrats , '' both of which are demonstrably false . 
  i do n't doubt that the people responsible for producing the show skew liberal in their politics , but there is a difference between having liberal political ideals and promoting a liberal `` agenda . '', 
  and i put `` agenda '' in quotes because i think the word is frequently misapplied . 
  if i go around shouting that obama is a muslim who was born in kenya , and you get a laugh by mocking my ignorance , you are not `` promoting a liberal agenda . '', 
  you are mocking me for making such a retarded claim in the light of easily obtainable contradictory information . 
  so before we go accusing anyone of promotion an agenda , we should probably take an objective look at how stupid a person would have to be to have a different `` opinion . '', 
  the disdain you 're referring to is n't a complete fiction , but you 're reading something into it that * probably * is n't there much of the time . 
  it 's for * stupid * conservatism . 
  and if you watch more carefully , you 'll find that they 're not immune to mocking * stupid * liberalism either . 
  some of my opinions would be considered conservative . 
  funny thing is , the conservative opinions i hold do n't get mocked very often , mainly because they 're defensible . 
  but if you make indefensible claims , do n't be surprised if you get mocked for it . 
  and when that happens , instead of accusing people of being motivated by an agenda , try to understand the source of the mockery . 
  i 've learned things myself by doing this . 
   that does mean however , this is not without consequence : https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2012/10/24/survey-finds-professors-already-liberal-have-moved-further-left, 
  there is nothing surprising about this information . 
  again , the presence of people who identify their politics as liberal does not constitute the promotion of a liberal agenda . 
  i encourage you to consider the converse of what appears to be your point here . 
  that is , ask yourself and earnestly seek the answer to the question : * why might so many people who have dedicated their lives to being the best informed people in their respective fields ** also ** be liberal in their politics ? 
  * did you see the part where the numbers are increasing ? 
  what might `` intelligent , informed '' people be distancing themselves from ? 
   ps : i actually meant the response as funny . 
  i still think it is , especially if you think all political ideologies stink and are for the lazy of mind . 
  i think it 's even funnier when people espouse ideas promoted by ideologues and then put on an affectation of distance from political ideologies . 
  weird . 
  of all the adjustments a person would have to make coming from her time to ours , it was a hairbrush that gave her the most trouble . 
  i think he was talking about something made by texas instruments . 
  my god , how far we 've come since then with our sneeze technology . 
  * iiii driiive a dodge stratus !, 
  also , when they were called stewardesses . 
  i think dapperism was a required high school credit at the time . 
  dude , would it not be * the * shit if that were marketing ? 
  to what extent are fox news and its army of drones just fake adversaries ? 
  oh , god . 
  so much conspiracy . 
  edit : grammers . 
  i agree with you , but that 's kind of an academic debate . 
  in the meantime , you can choose to jump through the hoops and realize the benefits of doing so , or you can abstain on principle and do without the benefits . 
  you know , i hate shaving and getting haircuts . 
  i hate mowing the lawn . 
  it 's all bullshit . 
  the shit all just grows right back anyway . 
  but if i have a job interview , you can damn well bet i 'm gon na mow my lawn . 
  or one of the other things . 
  look , i 'm not going down a rabbit hole of ridiculous debate with you . 
  you said colleges were institutions of liberal indoctrination . 
  they 're not . 
  as for the `` non-liberal '' part , i guess i have to remind you that we were talking about snl at that point , and since snl is not a show that aims to promote a political message , your misperceptions notwithstanding , the term is confusing in that context . 
  regarding the thing about professors , there 's just too much wrong with what you 've said to make much of a response worth the effort . 
  i 've put some time into my responses up to this point and you 're squirming around them in your retorts . 
  i do n't have time for that . 
  briefly , double-blind studies are studies . 
  jobs are jobs . 
  when i go to a sandwich shop , i do n't get served a liberal or conservative sandwich depending on the server 's political preferences . 
  likewise , my geography professor does n't explain rock formations wrapped in liberal politics . 
  she could be a voodoo priestess for all i know or care . 
  if you picked out 10 college professors who identity themselves as liberal , put them in a room , and asked them to explain the liberal `` agenda , '' they would likely disagree with one another after they got finished laughing . 
  and i 'll tell you something about the self-congratulatory thing : i 'm not ashamed to concede that many of us on this side of the fence feel this way . 
  personally , i feel that way because over the last 20-25 years i have abandoned ideas that i once held dear . 
  it was painful and difficult , and it did n't happen overnight . 
  it was * work * . 
  i 've lost friends and become alienated from family through the process . 
  and i 'd do it all again because those ideas i held were wrong . 
  if i find any of my current ideas to be wrong today , i 'll abandon them , too . 
  and i 'm proud of that , yes . 
  i think i deserve to be . 
  most people have a hard time letting cherished beliefs go , and i 'm no different . 
  but i completed the process because truth was more important to me than comfort . 
  that 's worth something as far as i 'm concerned . 
  conservatism is frequently on the wrong side of history . 
  the conservative argument in the u.s. in 1776 was to remain with the crown . 
  in 1850 it was to continue holding slaves . 
  in 1950 it was to continue segregating schools . 
  more recently it has been to continue prohibitions of marijuana and gay marriage . 
  i 'm happy not to be associated with any of it anymore , and i 'm happy that today i can watch a comedy show and see comedy instead of manufactured persecution . 
  good luck . 
  i 'm done here . 
  it seems to me he 's implying the parasite is the source of the situation . 
  i was trying to see all the camouflage , but there 's too much plane in the way . 
  makes sense to me . 
  apparently the planes are made in dagestan . 
  it would be cool , but not as cool as siberia !, 
  and then you would click those pumps together and say `` there 's no place like home . '', 
  yeah , it 's tiresome retreading old ground . 
  putting pressure on me with downvotes , eh ? 
  well , i 'm rubber , you 're glue . 
  edit 2 : you know , i was having a goodyear until you guys started downvoting me . 
  you sure know how to chuck the baby out with the bathwater . 
  from where does this hostility stem ? 
  i 'm not just spewing hot air here , i 'm genuinely trying to put the wheels of debate in motion . 
  are you guys a bunch of lug nuts or what ? 
  okay , let 's start over . 
  `` imagine that half the stupid ... '', 
  `` imagine that the standard deviation ... '',
