  it 's private industry that sets insurance rates based on claims . 
  that 's why it appears as if i 'm going in circles . 
  i said it again because insurance rates are based on claims , not government obligations . 
  you did n't gain your constitutional rights through any action of your own either . 
  will you forfeit them for this reason ? 
  regarding your first point : it ca n't be done in the current system . 
  those programs reimburse private health care providers for the bills they issue . 
  they issue inflated bills because of people who do n't pay their bills elsewhere in the system . 
  they charge what they want to because they 're private companies and we do n't have a national health care system . 
  we do n't have price controls . 
  we have no mechanism for removing the cost of the uninsured from the pool . 
  and when the uninsured * do * get charged personally , they do n't pay . 
  that unpaid balance does n't just go away . 
  it gets shifted onto the rest of us through one means or another . 
  as to your second point , i 've addressed it repeatedly in this thread . 
  i do n't know if i covered it with you , but i covered it . 
  in short , there are concrete reasons why this would n't be the case . 
  it 's also not the case in any other country where these ideas are n't even debated anymore . 
  holy crap , thank you . 
  i 've been getting crapped on all day for explaining eighth grade civics to people who should know better , and it 's been disheartening . 
  you just made me happy , and i appreciate it . 
  edit : and if i had tendies to pm , i would pm them . 
  you 're welcome to go where you do n't reap the benefits of living in the richest country on earth , and are also not required to contribute . 
  i do n't mind having you in my country , though , if you can recognize that you 're not the only person in it who has rights . 
  edit : incredible . 
  a deleted account . 
  your whole * account , * in the middle of an exchange , while i was in the process of responding . 
  this is what happens every time people with your mentality are confronted with your own ideas . 
  you say people should own their own choices , but you run from the choices you make yourself . 
  if you were wrong , you left without acknowledging as much and without owning your error . 
  if you were right , you ran from your own ideas by deleting your account . 
  still , my judgment is of your behavior and not you . 
  here is my response to your ghost :, 
   and all i ask is that if you insist on being free of taxes , you go somewhere where you do n't benefit from them . 
  i 'd rather have you stay and help make this place one that lives up to its reputation . 
  but if taxes are a deal breaker for you , you should go to one of those places where you 're guaranteed not to owe any . 
  but i think you 'd probably want to stay instead . 
  if you choose to do so , however , it comes with a price . 
  there is a reason , by the way , that the countries with the greatest civil liberties also require contributions . 
  the `` free market '' of government has already spoken . 
  you get x for no dollars and you get y for dollars . 
  make your choice . 
  or go to college . 
  meow . 
  i 'm sure your relative youth made it easier to arrive at that conclusion . 
  when babies and toddlers see new things their reaction is puzzlement or curiosity , not disgust . 
  we * learn * to judge and be disgusted by other people . 
  many of the older people who have a harder time accepting homosexuality think as they do because they were conditioned to think that way . 
  and once you 've accepted society 's conditioning , you can condition yourself even further . 
  you , being younger , are less encumbered by that baggage than older people are . 
  the crazy thing about this is , we all carry * some * kind of baggage with us as we age , and knowing this can make a person wonder what he might be wrong about right now . 
  open mindedness is a struggle that gets more difficult with age . 
  why would she eat a heart attack ? 
  ham sandwiches are way better . 
  oh , behave . 
  after the beating you took for the last post , i 'd say this was pretty * brave * of you , nyuk , nyuk . 
  seriously , though , i like it . 
  rambo was indeed a great novel . 
  your username makes me skeptical about your ability to resist circumcising anything . 
  oh my god , the cover art . 
   then consumers are paying directly out of pocket for services, 
  and when they do n't , who does ? 
  do we require proof of one 's ability to pay before saving lives ? 
  let 's assume the answer is `` no , '' and that we have no government and no insurance companies . 
  the question remains : who pays ? 
  if you do n't , somebody else does . 
  no government or insurance industry required . 
   inefficient compared to a free market healthcare system, 
  are you comfortable with the idea of having a health care system that is efficient yet inaccessible to much of the population ? 
  also , can you tell me where i can find a `` free market healthcare system , '' so i can independently verify that it is more efficient than other systems ? 
  does `` efficiency '' include a metric that accounts for accessibility ? 
   your rebuttal is basically that it wo n't happen because you say so . 
  totally unconvincing . 
  if that is what you got from `` i 've addressed it repeatedly in this thread , '' then i do n't know what else can be done here , aside from repeating myself , which is something i 'm absolutely tired of doing . 
  especially when concrete facts about what 's actually going on are unconvincing to people who insist on believing whatever they want to believe without regard to the facts . 
  if you do n't feel like reading those remarks , then please point me to an example of any such thing happening in a country that already has universal healthcare . 
  i 've felt pretty safe at etsy . 
  when i was a kid in the 70s i got the `` stranger danger '' talk at school . 
  mind you , this was a time when kids would tell their mother they 're going out to play and would then disappear into the neighborhood for four or five hours . 
  just a few days after the `` talk '' i was down the street at a corner store and something freaked me out so bad i ran home and told my dad i was almost kidnapped . 
  my dad was concerned until he got the details out of me . 
  what happened was , an older guy in the store saw me and gave me a smile and little pinch on the cheek . 
  edit : for four not four four . 
  that 's it , i 'm packin ' my things . 
  not even a question like `` why do i have to replace this box every 12 hours ? '', 
  bahahaha . 
  edit : wow , sensitive . 
  i know this will seem pedantic , but i do n't mean it to be . 
  i think it 's important to note that the point being made in that article only applies to a narrow statement , namely , that the constitution does n't * explicitly guarantee * the right of individual citizens to vote . 
  this is a very important distinction from `` there 's no constitutional right to vote . '', 
  if there were really no constitutional right to vote , the amendments establishing the minimum voting age at 18 and granting the right to women would n't make much sense . 
  the reason for the distinction is that states have some leeway in setting requirements for voter registration , and these requirements can sometimes be restrictive , as has been demonstrated with recent efforts by some state legislatures to enact voter id laws . 
  an explicit constitutional right to vote would mean that states would have to be proactive to ensure that anybody who wants to vote , can . 
  so there really is a constitutional right to vote . 
  your state ca n't make a law denying the vote to anyone under 19 , for example . 
  it sounds like semantics , but semantics actually play a huge role in constitutional law . 
  so what am i supposed to do with all my rocks ? 
  ah , so it 's `` live free * and * die . '', 
  new hampshire 's gon na be pissed . 
  i 'll do my best , but it does n't mean someone wo n't come along and say * ehh , not really .
