  we do n't have to pat him on the head and say it 's okay , but ignoring the fact that there are factors beyond volition at play is equally irresponsible . 
  there 's an article linked in the parent comment . 
  between op 's quote and the quote in the parent comment above , it seems clear to me that mlk is condemning the riots , but not the rioters . 
  [ do we have different internets ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/344aev/mlk_refused_to_condemn_rioters_stating_that_riots/cqr6mmf ), 
  it sounds more to me like an explicit condemnation of the behavior , with an acknowledgement that certain conditions will make that behavior more likely . 
  if i backed you in a corner and lightly poked your forehead once every 15 seconds , you might punch me in the face . 
  that would be uncivilized . 
  you would also be subject to more severe consequences than i would face , if i 'd have to face any at all . 
  but that does n't mean your behavior is without explanation , and it would be unproductive to pretend that my behavior did n't play a contributing role . 
  so , fine , we punish you and then try to mitigate the problem that led to your provocation , right ? 
  is n't that what responsible people do ? 
  or do we just punish you and leave the provocative element unaddressed ? 
  now this is turning into an interesting debate indeed . 
  it 's a new one for me , i can say that . 
  is it possible that whatever device you 're using is n't interpreting the text properly ? 
  do you see a url ? 
  i most definitely see a link . 
  here :, 
   so , for example , the baltimore sun was able to publish this back in the fall of 2014 and most of us did n't hear about it and it did n't get results : http://data.baltimoresun.com/news/police-settlements/ ... but thanks to the riots , maybe now it will . 
  also : [ link ] ( http://data.baltimoresun.com/news/police-settlements/ ), 
  i was n't being disingenuous . 
  please refrain from attempts to read minds . 
  i think there 's a difference between the two , from the depths of my genuine heart . 
  words mean things , and we should n't dismiss something as `` semantics '' when a meaningful distinction can be drawn . 
  mlk is clearly condemning the riots . 
  he does n't address the people responsible for conducting them , other than to make the point that he identifies with their frustration . 
  if phrases such as `` do n't shoot the messenger '' or `` i do n't hate you , honey , i just hate what you did '' are in any way meaningful , then you make this distinction yourself . 
  in this case , the messengers are wrong , but the message can still be viewed as having merit . 
  this is more than a trivial distinction . 
  edit : i realize my closing statement does n't quite fit the analogy . 
  consider the analogy apropos of the distinction between messenger and message , and between people as people and people as actors in a scenario . 
  condemn the act , but not the actor . 
  i think it 's an important distinction . 
  to people who are focused on the event , the distinction seems superfluous , and i understand that . 
  but there 's no reason to assume that the people committing these acts are irredeemable . 
  they can be taught . 
  and i think that * part * of the message sent by the unrest is that when consequences are justly applied , they should be applied in a manner that does n't virtually guarantee continued maladaptive behavior . 
  the difference between condemning the act and condemning the person is that the former allows the person to learn and improve . 
  the latter creates a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i do n't think your critique applies . 
  i thought the subject was whether condemning a behavior while acknowledging that the behavior was provoked in some way is tantamount to implicit validation of that behavior . 
  would an analogy using groups be of more help ? 
  is dropping an atomic bomb on civilians a civilized , honorable thing to do , for example ? 
  or is the question too glib ? 
  does context matter in this case ? 
  does it help us understand why the united states did this to japanese civilians ? 
  of course it does . 
  ( and for the record , i 'm implying nothing about our use of atomic weapons on japan other than that the event ca n't be viewed to the exclusion of surrounding context without doing the analysis some injustice . ), 
  it sounds to me as if you 're arguing that context is irrelevant to the discussion , and i do n't see how that point of view can be justified honestly . 
  we can argue degree and kind , i suppose , but i do n't see how excluding context entirely is arguable . 
  okay , then why so passive-aggressive ? 
  why not say so from the beginning instead of pretending not to see a link ? 
  i said there was a link in the parent comment and you replied `` nope '' when the existence of the link was irrefutable . 
  i seriously do n't understand your behavior here . 
  oh , man , honest to god . 
  were it not for the last sentence , i would have excused myself for misunderstanding . 
  the thing is , one of my replies was itself a link to the parent comment i referred to , and you nevertheless claimed not to have seen the comment . 
  if i link to the thing and you continue to say something is n't there that * is * there , what am i supposed to think ? 
  notice how my first assumption was that your device or reader may be to blame ? 
  i did n't say you were being passive-aggressive until we were unnecessarily a mile deep into the thread . 
  do you really think i have been unreasonable ? 
  look at the progression of my comments . 
  a typical response to my first comment might be something like `` whoops !, 
  thanks . '', 
  but instead we 're all the way down here with you accusing me of putting on an air of superiority or trying to be `` an internet tough guy . '', 
  i assure you that when i said `` there 's an article linked in the parent comment , '' and then later linked to that comment , and then later quoted the part of the comment with the link in it and included my own link , i was trying to be helpful . 
  i 'm not sure what you require to avoid being offended . 
  should i grovel ? 
  self-flagellate ? 
  * pie jesu domine , * [ whack ], 
  * [ whack ], 
  i 'm at your service , sir or madam , and i wish nothing more than to have a discussion in good faith . 
  i am sorry if i offended you . 
  i did not intend to do so . 
  edit : gettin ' my whacks in order . 
  i do n't hate you honky_cat , but i do think you 're difficult . 
  your last paragraph is an important part of your point , i think . 
  one of the difficulties i see consistently in debates like this one is that people have a tendency to read into the motives of the person they 're debating . 
  i 'm sure these assumptions are correct at times , but i 'm also certain they 're wrong much of the time , no matter which side we 're talking about . 
  i also believe there 's a normal human tendency for people to assume , once they 've learned something , that the knowledge they 've acquired is or ought to be 1 ) equally easy for everyone to swallow , 2 ) common knowledge , or even 3 ) self evident , when it 's often none of these things . 
  there are some things i take for common sense today that took me * years * to fully understand and accept . 
  people 's opinions and understandings do n't usually turn on a dime . 
  one of the * most * difficult things for people to wrap their heads around -- particularly in this country -- is racism and how it manifests itself . 
  when i make the points i do on the topic today , there 's no way for people to know ( unless i make a point of telling them ) that i once fervently held the view against which i am currently arguing . 
  shifting a perspective takes effort and can be uncomfortable . 
  what i found to be helpful for my own effort was the use of thought experiments in which i tried to find arguments to support the view i did n't like instead of my own . 
  i think if you do this in earnest you will arrive at * something * that mitigates your original position . 
  in college i was required to take one course from among many listed in the `` perspectives '' category . 
  the only one that fit my schedule was one called gender , race , and class . 
  i * hated * that class . 
  i hated the readings . 
  and if i 'm honest , some of the material still makes me want to barf . 
  let 's face it : conservative claims notwithstanding , this shit ai n't my religion . 
  jesus , please kill me instead . 
  but i 'll be damned if i did n't learn something in that class . 
  it 's like looking at a crossview or one of those 3d magic prints . 
  it 's all fuzzy nonsense until the picture comes into view . 
  and when it does , you 're just like * holy fuck . 
  holy fucking shit .
