  the democrats are likely not mentioned because people are n't surprised to see democrats using the law to `` interfere '' with the market , whereas republican politicians , who generally use rhetoric that would support the kind of thing tesla is doing , come off as hypocritical when they stifle such `` free enterprise . '', 
  obviously the truth is that big money interests have bought favorable laws for themselves in certain states irrespective of which party has control , it 's just that in this case , republicans have more egg on their face as a result . 
  i know you were just trying to make a point , but fyi , hitler was on the far right . 
  the far left was represented by the communists in the u.s.s.r. 
  `` coordinations '' is correct here . 
  the reason , without using technical terms ( because i do n't know them ) is that the context suggests more than one `` act '' of coordination is taking place . 
  you can see how this is true by imagining that only one operation is being referenced . 
  * the concrete operation of classes and relationships is a coordination between between . 
  * notice the indefinite article `` a. '', 
  the concrete operation here is not `` coordination , '' but rather `` a coordination . '', 
  when we 're talking about multiple concrete operations , then , they are likewise not `` coordination , '' but rather `` coordinations . '', 
  holy shit , all these comments . 
  whether it 's complete or not , this is an excellent , concise summary of the concepts for someone who is uninitiated . 
  bravo . 
  holy * fuck * . 
  never mind the downvotes , dude . 
  you got it right again . 
  liberal and conservative labels do not have permanent policy preferences attributed to them . 
  lincoln was a republican , and he was a liberal in the sense that the word is used today . 
  conservatives in 1860 supported slavery , though they do n't today , because we 're well beyond that . 
  in 1890 they supported school segregation . 
  some supported it long after . 
  in 1964 they opposed the civil rights act . 
  they do n't do this today because doing so is beyond `` conservative . '', 
  it 's reactionary , or worse . 
  it 's a moving target , and it baffles me that people do n't understand that . 
  some points , spot on . 
  some points , ignorant bullshit . 
  overall , too long , and too smug . 
  sincerely , an ex-libertarian . 
  this is an utterly false presentation by the john birch society . 
  they want to lump all totalitarianism on the left , which is a complete bastardization of what the political spectrum is understood to be by anyone with a rudimentary understanding of politics . 
  hitler and nazi germany were manifestations of * right wing * totalitarianism . 
  this is undisputed in all but the most extreme , deluded circles . 
  you 're getting downvoted but what you 're saying is absolutely correct . 
  the problem is , the largely american audience in this thread and on this site would read this as complete nonsense . 
  we 're quite insulated in our political culture here , and so many people find it difficult to relate to concepts that do n't fit the american paradigm . 
  my father-in-law is a member of germany 's `` conservative '' party , but he 'd probably fit comfortably in the american democratic party , and would probably be labeled as a liberal here . 
  he would resent it , too , as he 's a pretty conservative guy . 
  no , this is completely ignorant of the written and spoken words of hitler , the platform of the nazi party , and the undisputed events of history . 
  i 'm sorry you 've been misinformed by ideologues who want to recast historical events for the sake of galvanizing a political movement today , but the narrative you just spouted is false on its face , and * demonstrably * so , which saddens me a great deal , because it 's not hard to see this ( though it does take some effort beyond listening to the people you already agree with ) . 
  this is not a matter of dispute . 
  it 's a matter of people who know better telling people who do n't outright lies about history . 
  the nazis did this to great effect themselves , by the way . 
  anyway , the word `` socialist '' has become so demonized in the u.s. that for some people , all you have to do is point out that nsdap has the word socialist in it and it 's case closed . 
  as i 'm sure you know , words on paper do n't mean much by themselves . 
  they have to be juxtaposed with behavior to be properly understood . 
  the u.s.s.r. had freedom of speech enshrined in its constitution , for example . 
  did you know that ? 
  we know , however , that its people did n't have free speech . 
  saying what you did about nazi `` socialism '' is the same as me making the claim to you that soviet citizens had freedom of speech , and citing their constitutional provision for it . 
  i would be wrong , of course . 
  the nazi party * was indeed * completely anti-communist . 
  they put communists and what we would understand today as socialists against the wall in germany . 
  they saw communism and everything on the left of the ideological spectrum as part of the worldwide jewish conspiracy , and blamed the people on that side for the humiliation of wwi , and whom they collectively ( no pun intended ) referred to as the `` november criminals . '', 
  the `` socialism '' of nazi germany was a recasting and rebranding of that term . 
  the nazis * completely rejected * the notion of social equality . 
  and you ca n't forget the `` national '' part of national socialism . 
  national socialism was a concept that involved uniting the social classes and the corporations for the purpose of reaching national goals . 
  germany the nation came first , and it was the responsibility of all citizens to behave in a way that promoted the betterment of the nation above all else . 
  this was accomplished under a right-wing banner that subsumed all of the other conservative parties . 
  ( that fact alone is telling . 
  the conservative parties were absorbed by the nsdap , while communists and socialists were killed or put in camps . ), 
  the nazi program involved the expulsion and eventual extermination of jews and other minorities , and the subjugation of the slavic populations for the purpose of doing the `` dirty work '' of society so germans would n't have to . 
  this bears no resemblance whatsoever to the politics of the extreme left , which called for the universal destruction of socioeconomic class differences ( also a thing that was more on paper than in practice ) . 
  and that 's the crux of what 's * really * at issue in the left/right political spectrum . 
  at its core it 's about socioeconomic equality . 
  yes , there are other points to consider , but equality is what it boils down to at its basic level . 
  totalitarianism , or `` big government , '' to use a term that has become almost comical in american discourse , is a tool of both the left and the right . 
  again , this is not an opinion or a point of view that i or anyone else is trying to push . 
  this is how things really are for anyone who actually studies politics and history . 
  it pains me , and actually scares me somewhat , that such very basic concepts are becoming distorted . 
  thirty years ago only the most batshit crazy people would try to make the claim you did , but i see it so frequently today it 's disturbing . 
  the real effect of this is to make meaningful discussion/debate impossible , because we ca n't get past square one anymore . 
  this is very , very bad for the political health of any society . 
  take some time to read objective sources on politics and history . 
  you 'll start to see that facts have been distorted by people on both sides of the spectrum . 
  there 's no question , however , that in our time , in this place , most of the distortions are coming from right-wing interests , but that 's a different subject for a different time . 
  source : * the rise and fall of the third reich * , ian kershaw 's massive two-part biography of hitler , master 's in political science , german family living in germany who were citizens of the ddr . 
  tl ; dr : the `` socialism '' of hitler 's national socialism has nothing to do with the political left wing . 
  also , some very basic notions about the political spectrum are being distorted in order to muddy the waters of political discourse , particularly in the u.s. 
  edit : * please * do n't even try to tell me that i 've been indoctrinated somehow , okay ? 
  i 've heard that line before , and it 's another of the complete load-of-shit things i 've found people saying to others when confronted with uncomfortable facts in this country . 
  read something written by someone who does n't have a political axe to grind . 
  and likewise , liberal . 
  yes , i think that the spd is probably viewed in germany in a similar light to the way the democratic party in the u.s. is perceived by its citizens , but if they were transported here , they 'd be seen as complete radicals . 
  thanks for your insight . 
  says the liberal media . 
  wait . 
  are n't you an asshole by * definition * , if you give a shit ? 
   i think you guys have some shit to figure out . 
  i see what you did there . 
  holy crap , the tortured arguments that the u.s. won in vietnam . 
  and i guarantee that a chainsaw is not what he would have brought into it . 
  i will just add a little to the good comments others have left . 
  ignorant * does * have a somewhat negative connotation much of the time , because there 's an implied assumption that the person so labeled * could * know better , whereas a naive person is excused to an extent because he or she simply has n't learned yet . 
  but as has been pointed out , ignorance is n't inherently negative . 
  a person 's state of mind comes into play . 
  a politician who says equal time should be given to evolution and creationism in the classroom is ignorant concerning science and the concept of a secular classroom , but he 's not naive . 
  that politician 's 10-year-old kid saying the same thing , though , is naive , and he 's naive * because * he 's ignorant of all the facts .
