  i think kids like to pull hairs out of things . 
  [ my frog . 
  i 'm curious to know if anyone here can compare the adderall experience with dexedrine . 
  or the dexedrine experience with anything else , really . 
  i 've taken dexedrine for so long that i definitely need it in the morning just to feel like my normal self . 
  besides dexedrine , i 'd say anything that serves as a distraction from what i actually should be doing . 
  guess the dex is n't doing its job . 
  here 's one that even reasonably astute grammarians sometimes miss : everyday . 
  everyday means `` ordinary , '' i.e. 
  `` he was wearing his everyday clothes . '', 
  anything that happens on a daily basis happens every day . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p7saj33.jpg ) is all you need , op . 
  i would have to say it 's `` keep fuckin ' that chicken . '', 
  sorry , op , but one of them is write `` everyday '' when they mean `` every day . '', 
  ca n't say i was all that bored . 
  thanks everyone for your comments . 
  they have been quite helpful . 
  the two `` helps '' interrupt the flow a little , if that 's what you mean . 
  yeah , i mean , she can , ultimately . 
  but she stresses too much , and needs to hear more of exactly this . 
  i agree . 
  people who ca n't take it only benefit from learning how . 
  my greatest strides in school were made following constructive -- albeit blunt and unsoftened -- criticism . 
  when i take my morning dump i sing to the tune of `` i started a joke '' :, 
  i made a poop, 
  that got the whole world smiling, 
  but they could n't see, 
  that the poop was on me, 
  that the poop was on me, 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone does this but just does n't talk about it . 
  it was almost 40 years ago that i had the same belief , and i thought i 'd been the only one . 
  my bubble was burst after i 'd told a friend and , in class when we were taught about atoms and the teacher said `` they 're so small , no one can see them , '' my friend blurted out `` kilgore can ! '', 
  teacher did n't buy it , and i had to adjust my belief . 
  anchor to weatherman : `` keep fuckin ' that chicken . '', 
  a totally priceless reaction . 
  looks like the start of a great etsy business to me . 
  who * would n't * want to sign his checks bunbun64 ? 
  i 'm 42 and my kids are grown , and this is one of the first ( and among the worst ) words/expressions they started using as teenagers that drove me batshit . 
  here 's a super old one that 's already made it all the way to the graveyard : fantastic . 
  originally `` the stuff of fantasy , '' you can now say it in conversation as your eyes gloss over and you 've stopped listening . 
  during junior high we had a vacation . 
  my friend went to florida and i went to maryland . 
  during one of the days off , we visited arlington national cemetery . 
  we were walking up a set of stairs and bumped into my friend and his family on their way down . 
  they had stopped there on the way back from florida , and neither of us knew the other had any plans to be there , let alone on that date and at that time . 
  edit : we lived in connecticut at the time . 
  whenever a black female is cast as a judge , all i can do is point and say `` look , they did it again ! '', 
  edit : i feel like i have to make something clear because of the downvotes -- something i half expected would happen . 
  the truth is that judges ' roles in tv and movies are filled with black females frequently enough that it has caught people 's attention . 
  noticing this fact is not racist . 
  it 's the typecasting of black females into this kind of role that is -- albeit in minor form -- racist . 
  why not a leading role ? 
  why so often the role of `` sassy '' female judge ? 
  this is stereotyping and typecasting . 
  i was hoping i would n't have to explain this , but there you go . 
  well you may have partially answered your own question . 
  you 're not really `` depressed '' as such . 
  i 've been in situations like yours -- including the military -- where the only way i could describe the feeling was to say that i was surrounded by people and still completely lonely . 
  this can be depressing , to be sure , but it 's not clinical depression . 
  to answer the question , though , i can say that the best thing for me has been regular , disciplined application of meds . 
  but your issue is different , and it 's exacerbated by your youth , because you have n't been through this type of situation enough times to be able to confidently tell yourself `` this too shall pass . '', 
  but it will . 
  i know it 's not much help right now and perhaps others here will give you more concrete advice that will lead you somewhere . 
  all i have to offer besides my assurance that situations like these fix themselves is the suggestion that you find a campus community that is directly -- or even loosely -- involved in things you enjoy doing . 
  that and perhaps looking for a means of surviving off campus . 
  you 'll feel more independent , have your day broken up by different experiences , and be surrounded by different people at different times , so there 's always an `` out '' right around the corner if you need it . 
  i know it is n't fresh , but i have n't been able to shake `` that 's what she said '' since the rise of michael scott . 
  when my dad called me into his * office * to tell me that he and my mother would be splitting up , and that he and i would move to connecticut together while my mother , brother , and sister would be moving to maryland . 
  i was 10 , and would encounter other sad and disappointing things in my life , but this was when the glass really shattered for me . 
  strange how you can watch your inner curmudgeon come to the fore , recognize it for what it is , and come to embrace it rather than fight it . 
  i always thought i 'd do the latter , but no . 
  i 'm sliding into middle age as if it were a tailored glove . 
  people give me shit about this because -- well , i think because -- it enjoyed so much commercial success , but i think pink floyd 's the wall is really a superb rock opera . 
  i ca n't stand when people drive with parking lights on . 
  dusty dirt roads and backwards seasons . 
  having all my nonessential parts thin-sliced off as in a deli , and then the rest slowly scraped away , each bit passing in front of my eyes . 
  i bounce my leg like it 's my job . 
  these guys are standing outside a restaurant and are interested in going in , but they 're refused because they have their dogs with them . 
  one guy says `` watch this , '' puts on a pair of shades and gains entry by claiming that his dog is a seeing eye dog . 
  the other guy decides to try , but is refused . 
  `` sir , that 's a chihuahua , '' says the host . 
  guy says , `` you 're telling me they gave me a * chihuahua * ? '', 
  operation . 
  i bought it for my daughter years ago and the noise scared the shit out of her . 
  singing stupid lyrics to well known songs . 
  this has to be the best answer to the question by far . 
  i thought that parents did it once and babies just came out every few years . 
  the snowden revelations should have put a stake in the heart of the nsa by now . 
  and while the public is n't exactly complacent , what i see as the low level of outrage seems to tell me that we 're not going to see meaningful reform . 
  right , because he 's supposed to be blind . 
  thank you . 
  i 'll call it my first near miss . 
  thanks for that !, 
  given some thought , you do have a point . 
  i just feel like such a child when i do it . 
  in fact , for me it 's the other way around . 
  i started early , so my kids have moved away , but i have a way to go before retirement . 
  haha . 
  see what happens when gen x hits 40 ? 
  yeah , i 'm not going to go through the tortured motions of justifying my own misuse of language and trashing that of the next generation .
