  could you guys just enhance the fucking thing , please ? 
  do n't mean to excuse the practice , but i think it should be made clear that every president ( or perhaps i should say `` nearly every president , '' since there may be an exception or two ) `` has a history '' of doing this very thing . 
  ambassadorships in particular are known as top-level political rewards . 
  the practice is known as `` patronage '' and its abuse is what led to the formation of the civil service . 
  there are more civil ways to communicate disagreement than this , in case you were absent on the day of that lesson . 
  it actually is pretty easy , which is why so many people do this . 
  just do yourself and everyone else a favor and remember this before you weigh in on matters yourself . 
  if your criticism is heartfelt , you 'll catch yourself doing the same thing at some point . 
  ( also , i 'm not saying that the guy you 're responding to is or is not doing this . ), 
  there 's truth to this , although it 's an oversimplification to just declare the two parties the same . 
  there certainly is a certain amount of collusion ( which is why we are a `` two-party system '' to begin with ) . 
  an excellent commentary on this can be found in matt taibbi 's * griftopia , * which is a great book that explains the 2008 crash in an understandable and entertaining way . 
  nah , we have a whole [ enterprise ] ( http://www.peopleofwalmart.com/ ) devoted to it . 
  yeah , i kinda thought the exchange in the thread was pretty reasonable and friendly . 
  and btw , my sense ( as an american ) of all that `` surrender monkey '' stuff is that only the dumbest people among us take it with any degree of seriousness . 
  you know how it is when you 're in a room full of people and one of the more-or-less popular ones says something mildly funny , or not even mildly so , but just barely ? 
  and people keep referring to that thing as if it were actually funny , just to keep social tension low ? 
  that 's how that french thing is here . 
  not too many people here actually * know * much about france ( i know precious little myself , and i actually make an effort by comparison ) , so people fall back on the thing they know everyone else will know , which is probably roundabout way of defining the word `` stereotype . '', 
  i hesitated for a moment and almost wrote `` one of the reasons '' and then went ahead with what i said . 
  you 're right , yes , except to say that it 's `` not this , but instead this . '', 
  collusion is a component as well , though it 's very late for me ( est ) and i ca n't get into sources and degrees right now . 
  off the top of my head , though , i can generally point to established barriers to getting on the ballot , and `` party machine '' jurisdictions that throw bones to the opposition in what amounts to power sharing agreements . 
  and let 's not forget that maintaining fptp is a collusion of sorts . 
  like the 5/4 decision where a bush appointee was the swing vote that kept obamacare from tanking , is that what you mean ? 
  look , i 'm sorry if i 'm coming off like a dick or misreading you , but it 's late for me and i do n't have much patience for having my remarks misconstrued . 
  i said that direct election of judges is a dangerous thing and that `` judges should be as far removed from politics as possible . '', 
  if the system has failed us in a manner that has allowed the court to become more strictly partisan than at other times , then we can talk about that , and we can talk about what might improve or prevent that circumstance . 
  but pointing to a flawed outcome does n't condemn the system that produced it when the only alternative we know is worse . 
  i 'm not a cheerleader for judicial appointments as some kind of magic bullet . 
  i 'm * against * electing judges . 
  prosecutors too . 
  our legal system is loaded with flaws . 
  hell , our legal system is * built * on flaws . 
  and you ca n't excise politics from it any more than you can excise politics from an individual . 
  but you can do a lot to limit the effects of politics on the bench , and we should . 
  besides , my point was n't so much about partisanship as it was about mob rule . 
  judges and prosecutors who run and win on a `` throw away the key '' platform , or who just ca n't find it in their hearts to bring a lynch mob to justice , are dangerous to the rule of law . 
  i certainly have no argument with this point . 
  it makes me wonder whether it 's the result of a forgivable oversight on the part of the framers or something that would n't have applied under the less-democratic system they actually created . 
  i do n't know this objectively , but my impression is that the franchise was held in high enough regard at the founding that few would have simply foregone exercising it . 
  ( guess i have to look into early turnout figures to find out . ), 
  so it seems that in order to make a more broadly democratic society work , you have to have mechanisms in place to deal with voter apathy . 
  i know that 's not a view many would find appealing , and i certainly believe that standard solutions ( such as improving education and access to education , and so on ) should be preferred and maximized , but i 'm afraid that in a rich consumerist society , there 's always going to be a significant portion of the voting population that i would ( i almost dare to say ) be `` disenfranchised by their own aloof position . '', 
  or maybe i did n't get enough sleep last night . 
  so , growing trees on a bridge is less intrusive than the locks ? 
  and then you 've got to hire a guy to be in charge of where the trees go and stuff . 
  i do n't know either way , but i 'm wondering if the article 's point in using that language was that obama got out front as a head of state and articulated a philosophical position on the issue . 
  again , i do n't know this for sure , but it 's the first guess i 'd make before concluding that it 's propaganda of some kind . 
  from what i 've seen the guardian is n't a hokey outfit . 
  i would expect editors of a far reaching outlet such as them to be restrictive of statements that are * conceptually * wrong . 
  i 'll have to read the article again to see if i can pick up on anything further . 
  i feel the same way when i see trees where locks should be . 
  i 'm curious to know why you would n't recommend getting the tools to go there . 
  by `` tools '' i assume you 're referring to the tor browser bundle . 
  i know there have been issues and exploits , but not to a degree that would preclude me from recommending tor for privacy protection . 
  just wondering what you had in mind there . 
  well . 
  * always ? 
   go down, 
  if he ca n't do other races too i 'm not interested . 
  you obviously do n't get it . 
  a gay male couple is * always * broadcasting their lifestyle unless one of them dresses as a woman . 
  definitely take the time to check out the photographs , though . 
  they 're as entertaining as the reviews . 
  it was yesterday where i live , and i 'm happy to report it was successful . 
  awesome , this is the first reference to taibbi i 've come across on reddit . 
  ( i 'm sure he 's been brought up plenty , but this is the first i 've stumbled upon . ), 
  he 's such an awesome journalist and writer . 
  if you have n't read * griftopia * i really recommend it . 
  it 's an enjoyable read in the same way that all of his stuff is , and it does what i think is an excellent job of describing and explaining the 2008 collapse in terms that are suitable for a lay audience , but not dumbed down . 
  / r/news has some weird stuff going on sometimes . 
  i 've submitted things in the past that were immediately killed , even though they did n't duplicate anyone else 's post and adhered to the rules . 
  i do n't even bother trying now . 
  i do n't think you 're wrong about the bias , but i also do n't think he pretends not to be . 
  i mean , this is why he works for * rolling stone * and not cnn or cbs or take-your-pick `` mainstream '' news outlets . 
  what i do n't know specifically is whether or to what extent he was dishonest in his reporting . 
  there are some things that i do n't have a source for but him , so i 'm sure my opinion embodies a slant of some kind if any of these particular topics were deliberately misrepresented . 
  i 'll say i do n't * think * anything has been deliberately misrepresented . 
  i think that , because it 's taken for granted that a * rolling stone * reporter is not going to have many conservative views , people understand that his language and logic are not going to be rigorous in terms nailing down arguments his primary readership believes he , and they , have already won . 
  you know , i 've heard many a man referred to as one-dimensional and i see no love lost on the man here , but you . 
  you give him two dimensions , so he has that going for him . 
  i get this a lot with the freelance writing i do . 
  i have a recurring gig and it 's not unusual for a period of many days to pass during which i have no contact with an editor or staff . 
  during this time my self-assessment deteriorates to the point where i 'm almost certain the client will be unhappy with some aspect of what i 've done . 
  then i turn over the work and receive only compliments for it . 
  hearing nothing at all can make the self-doubt drag on even longer . 
  my sense is that there is a fine line between the confidence one needs to be driven and the overconfidence that has the potential to make someone seem foolish or pretentious . 
  to me your view excludes the importance of humility and the need for constructive criticism on the path to excellence . 
  i think american idol auditions illustrate this pretty well . 
  there 's a sizeable number of people who are * too * confident in their talent , and they are exploited for our entertainment during that early part of the season . 
  compare those people to the ones who actually end up making it . 
  you can tell that the people in the latter group also `` know '' they are good enough to have a chance , but you 'll also notice that they are very receptive to advice and criticism . 
  i think that 's an important part of the equation . 
  i 'm the cult of - i 'm the cult of - personalityyyyy !, 
  i 'm not staking out a full position on this because there are certainly things of which i 'm unaware on the topic , but as a 40-something man who is * for * greater gun control and remembers toy guns very well , the logic ( or the ideal ) rings really strange to me . 
  i get that it 's not met with the same indifference it was when i was a kid ( i.e. , it 's less socially acceptable ) . 
  but the advice to `` never '' do this is something that strikes me as having social benefits as opposed to anything that would have a bearing on the kid 's adaptivity in society . 
  i tried this before but something about it was n't feline right . 
  i do n't know either way , but from the context it seems the `` soldiers '' he mentions may have been career soldiers and not necessarily camp guards .
