  if they select `` b '' they lose . 
  stuff like that . 
  i suppose this should n't count because the circumstances were unusual , but this one 's a doozy . 
  i , my wife , and my son spent three days waiting in an airport for our plane . 
  i was on leave in the army in the summer of 1991 , stationed in germany . 
  soldiers and their dependents at that time ( probably still ) could fly space-available for about $ 10 per person . 
  it usually was n't a problem getting seats from frankfurt to the u.s. if you signed in early enough , but at * this * time , the army was bringing thousands of soldiers home from iraq/kuwait after desert shield/storm , so every goddamned plane that came through frankfurt was packed to the gills . 
  so for * three days * we sat in those airport chairs , eating all of our meals at the military 's version of mcdonald 's known as the `` burger bar . '', 
  ( just hearing the words `` early bird '' brings us back to that experience . 
  that was the name for their breakfast sandwich . ), 
  finally , for reasons i never knew , the military chartered an empty commercial plane to fly to the states and we got our seats . 
  i remember the three of us -- all greasy , sweaty , and completely wiped out -- entering zombie-like into the plane and flashing embarrassed half-smiles at the greeting attendant . 
  it was a bad time for space-available travel . 
  do people born in 1997 typically have any memory of using floppies as storage media ? 
  also , it was a joke , so there 's that . 
  edit : never mind . 
  i see your point . 
  time flies when you 're in your 40s . 
  i was helping my mother buy a car recently . 
  she was trading in a 1997 chevy cavalier . 
  she mentioned to the salesperson that the car was 18 years old and i just looked at her and said `` no it 's not . 
  you said it was a ' 97 . '', 
  the salesperson just looked at me like * uh huh . 
  [ nearly 70,000 clerics came together and passed a fatwa against terrorist organizations , including is , taliban and al-qaida . 
  these are `` not islamic organizations , '' the clerics said to a sea of followers , adding that the members of these outfits were `` not muslims '' ] ( http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/70000-clerics-issue-fatwa-against-terrorism-15-lakh-muslims-support-it/articleshow/50100656.cms ), 
  how many of those 2 billion are clerics ? 
  of course you assume they are in the minority , just as you would assume that 50,000 christian ministers coming out against a given group or practice would represent the `` minority '' of christians , right ? 
  seventy thousand * leading * figures is an * enormous * number , and you know about it because someone threw it in front of your face . 
  are you * looking * for other muslim leaders who are denouncing these groups and what they do ? 
  because many of them have , and many continue to do so . 
  i do n't expect you to look for the examples , though . 
  and if you were to do so and find them , you would certainly dismiss them as exceptions , if you 're capable of dismissing 70,000 leading figures joining in opposition as somehow insignificant . 
  years ago , when i was in the army , i made the observation that there are * so many * regulations covering * so many * things , that everyone is violating one or another of them on a regular basis . 
  if you stepped on the wrong toes or otherwise became a nuisance , the preferred tactic was often just a matter of either harassing the target with frequent penalties for minor infractions , or waiting for him to break a rule that was * just * `` serious '' enough to make his life miserable or bring a swift end to his career ( or at least his appointment ) . 
  in time i began to see that the public laws of the u.s. generally followed this model . 
  the laws are used as bargaining chips , because it 's nearly impossible to violate one law without violating a pile of other ones that essentially penalize the exact same behavior in different ways . 
  this gives law enforcement incredible leverage and it 's the go-to tool for das to maintain high prosecution rates without having to win at trial . 
  yeah , i think * their * tops certainly changed . 
  there are too many factors that go into it to make a blanket statement like that . 
  i used a home equity line of credit to refinance my daughter 's loans and cut the interest rate in half . 
   can you explain this ? 
  because i am not following . 
  consumers and consumer demand determine how wealth is distributed . 
  tax laws , estate laws , and regulations have enormous effects on the distribution of wealth , and i have a hard time believing that you needed this explained . 
  i understand your point , but i was addressing the issue of what options are available . 
  while a student loan issued by the government is theoretically an `` unsecured loan , '' the law heavily protects collection on that loan . 
  this in itself is a form of `` collateral . '', 
  personally , i think we have bigger problems than the loans themselves . 
  we have runaway costs and incoherent policies ( in my opinion due largely to the political fear of giving too much power to the federal government ) . 
  i 'd like to see federal loan rates tied to the country 's economic needs and other factors . 
  allowing people to borrow tens of thousands of dollars at 6.9 % to earn degrees in areas of expertise that are n't in demand and do n't even pay well in the end is a big part of the problem , in my opinion . 
  no market is `` free '' in the sense you describe . 
  all markets exist in a context of some sort , which we may loosely refer to as `` government '' or lack thereof . 
  so yes , `` free market capitalism '' is * part of * economic policy , because that is the system that is embraced in its particular context . 
  that can turn on a dime , too . 
  most western countries have economic policies that embrace a capitalist model to the extent that it harnesses self-interest to the effect of rather efficient general economic growth . 
  but they temper the negative effects through * other * policies in order to discourage runaway ill effects to poison the system . 
  this is why we have policies against price fixing and collusion , perpetual trusts , monopolies , usury , and so on . 
  it is n't perfect , but it achieves ( or attempts to achieve ) a necessary balance . 
  my analogy is n't going to fit perfectly , but i hope you 'll see the point where it applies . 
  it has largely to do with putting yourself in the shoes of the people in question and making a genuine effort to empathize with their experience . 
  a few months back , daniel tosh was criticized heavily for making a `` rape joke , '' which was in reality a situation where he , from the stage , singled out a woman and `` joked '' about her becoming a rape victim . 
  ( i know there are nuances and blah , blah , but that 's the essence of what happened . ), 
  the apparent consensus in public opinion was that this was done in poor taste . 
  but many people pointed out that louis ck has also made `` rape jokes '' that were * not * so roundly criticized or poorly received . 
  so what 's the deal with rape jokes ? 
  are they funny or not ? 
  acceptable or not ? 
  the best commentary i saw on the issue invoked the concept of `` punching up '' versus `` punching down . '', 
  making the issue about `` rape jokes '' was missing the point that daniel tosh was `` punching down '' by using his powerful position on stage to make light of ( theoretical ) sexual violence being used against a single person in the audience . 
  louis ck 's joke , on the other hand , took the perspective of the woman , and made a comic play on the fact that when a woman goes on a date with a stranger , statistically she 's taking a huge risk of experiencing rape or murder compared to the risk taken by the man . 
  this was an example of `` punching up , '' because the joke was told from the perspective of the person more likely to experience victimization in the circumstance described . 
  white , european , christian culture ( broadly speaking ) has dominated here for centuries . 
  a young black person living in conditions where he is statistically more likely to be legally killed by establishment authorities , and who makes the point that `` black lives matter '' is massively insulted by a retort coming from people who have not had to live under these conditions that `` all lives matter . '', 
  he is , in essence , in a position not unlike the woman in daniel tosh 's audience having to hear the man on the stage joke about how funny it would be if she were raped . 
  the statement that `` all lives matter '' is a form of punching down , because * all lives are n't facing the same level of risk . 
  it 's like complaints about manger scenes in front of city hall or the ten commandments displayed in a courthouse being called a `` war on christianity . '', 
  no , asshole , it 's about keeping the dominant religion ( or any religion ) out of the public sphere . 
  again , imagine you 're a known atheist walking past these christian symbols on the way to your sentencing hearing . 
  so yeah , `` all things being equal , '' what you describe sounds like a double standard . 
  but all things are not equal . 
  focusing on the so-called double standard is like focusing on the fact that tosh and louis ck both made `` rape jokes '' and were treated differently for it . 
  it 's just not the point . 
  ** tl ; dr : the `` double standard '' aspect of the question is a red herring that focuses attention away from the important matter of who is saying what , and under what circumstances . 
  edit : grammar fix . 
  holy crap , i set up mint on a virtual machine to start familiarizing myself with linux , and while i generally liked it and found it fun to use a platform that was generally more secure and interesting to experiment with , some things just frustrated me to the point of madness . 
  i was using vmware , and kept getting those prompts to install the tool package for a better integrated experience with the host machine . 
  it asked me to mount the tools file as a disk , unpack such-and-such , and then run another such-and-such from the command line . 
  yeah , so first it either did n't understand what i was telling it to do or i did n't have proper permission . 
  so i need `` sudo '' ? 
  then i sudo such-and-such and i 'm still fucking something up . 
  answer : nothing that makes any sense to me . 
  i 'm thinking * why does n't this fucking thing just do what it 's supposed to when i type what vmware told me to type ? 
  * now , my linux experience is admittedly scant , but i 've been `` comfortable '' with computers and technology for over 25 years , and not being able to unpack an archive and run a file within it was simply infuriating . 
  i never figured it out . 
  it 's just sitting there on my evil windows 10 machine which i also hate , but can at least use ( kinda -- like when i 'm in the mood to sift through all the bullshit that 's on it and flip-flop between the `` normal '' looking interface and the fat , boxy ones that look like they were designed for a kindergarten class ) . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  i 'm 44 , and that 's probably half my problem . 
  thanks for the useful advice and info !, 
  that 's really interesting , and indeed a different concept to get used to .
