  it 's hard to draw fine lines in a text-based forum sometimes . 
  the point i wanted to make is that sometimes this sub takes mockery of american behavior to the point where it nearly negates itself . 
  it 's one thing to make fun of americans for lacking nuance , but quite another to make fun of us for lacking nuance with comments that also lack nuance . 
  i 'm a huge critic of many of the same things that are criticized here in this sub , and my comment history will bear that out . 
  i 'm just saying that if you 're going to criticize something , be better than the thing you 're criticizing . 
  it 's like the meta subs that mock reddit circlejerks , and become circlejerks themselves in the process . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  and i did n't mean to imply that the `` correct '' answer would be any different . 
  is the same true for people with pakistani ancestry ? 
  i 'm 43 , and i remember a generation ago hearing some english folks say things that implied a less accepting attitude when it came to them . 
  the same was ( is ? ), 
  true regarding turks in germany . 
  that 's why i chose those examples ( though i chose `` indian '' instead in the first case ) . 
  `` so , what is it exactly that you do here ? '', 
  who buys silver sharpies ? 
  this is exactly whom we have to blame for the nanny state . 
  wait , they 're mixed now ? 
  well , la. 
  are you suggesting the rest of us are anti-athlete ? 
  man , i miss when the military mandated that hairstyle . 
  i do n't believe there is a blanket principle that automatically links culpability in this way if the employees do n't have agency . 
  what you 're describing could be part of a case for negligent retention , though , depending on who knew what about whom , and whether that 's relevant to anything . 
  for example , a driving company keeping a driver it knew had a dui , who causes an accident and kills someone ? 
  good case for negligent retention . 
  a driving company who employed a murderer , who then crashes a van and kills someone while driving recklessly ? 
  an unlikely case for negligent retention . 
  edit : downvoted with no explanation . 
  if what i 've said is wrong . 
  i 'd love to know how . 
  it would depend on the requirements of the job and the circumstances of the murder ( s ) committed . 
  for example , a driving company who employs a person convicted of murdering people by running them down with vehicles -- as a driver ? 
  very likely negligent hiring or negligent retention . 
  employing him as a manager with no driving responsibilities ( or better yet , with no driving * access * ) ? 
  probably not negligent hiring or retention . 
  the negligence has to be concerned with a relevant piece of information . 
  keeping a known potato thief on the rolls of a potato delivery company might be negligent retention , but keeping a person with a dui conviction on the rolls of a day care center probably would n't be , as long as the duties of the job do n't involve driving . 
  edit : downvoted because untrue , or because truth is unwanted ? 
  either way , it 's annoying . 
  if i 'm wrong , tell me how so . 
  hint : i 'm not wrong . 
  i 've followed this sub for about two years now and i do n't remember a time when people were n't making some variation of this claim . 
  from day one , for me , this has been a place where the content hits the mark some of the time , comes close a little more often , and where people consistently debate the cringeworthiness of submissions and lament the glory days of the recent past . 
  now , / r/cringepics is far worse , imo , which is why i dumped it . 
  i got really tired of screenshots of conversations , and of links to people doing and saying stuff that was obviously a joke . 
  trying to find out now . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your question 100 % , though . 
  do lenses do this ? 
  my understanding is that the brain does the compensating . 
  but i 'm trying to get a better answer . 
  edit : her answer :, 
   i honestly do n't know . 
  i think the brain still favors the data coming from the right eye , but the prisms make it so the left does n't wander as much and bring in info the brain ca n't merge into one picture . 
  yeah , she used those words too . 
  i was n't sure if the terms were synonymous , so i used the one people would have to look up . 
  also , edited the other comment with my friend 's answer . 
  a misunderstanding led me to get an answer to this too :, 
   it 's the drawstring on my \u00fcber cozy pajama pants . 
  you should try watching the wizard of oz with those glasses on . 
  i get it !, 
  glasses . 
  it 's not about karma , man . 
  it 's about saving lives . 
  haha , i was just making a joke . 
  but jokes do n't always translate well . 
  especially mine . 
  thanks for everything you 've added here . 
  my friend supplied some more information about her glasses , some of which you and others have mentioned in this part of the thread , so i 've included it here :, 
   if anyone is interested , you can tell them my amblyopia manifests in my left eye , which wanders in towards my nose just a little bit . 
  it 's so slight that most people ca n't see it when they 're looking at me . 
  i 've had glasses or contacts since i was five , with my eyesight gradually getting worse until my twenties when it seems to have reached a plateau of awfulness . 
   now that i 'm nearing 40 , the muscles holding my left eye are losing strength so the eye is wandering slightly more , enough that the two images being sent to my brain are n't syncing up into one cohesive image . 
  i see 1.5 to 2 of things farther than 5 feet away . 
  the farther things are , the farther apart the double images are . 
   it 's been happening for a little while but has been so gradual that i ca n't really say when it started . 
  but it 's to the point that if i see a car waiting at a side street ahead of me , i 'll see one car at the street where it is in reality , and a ghost image car sitting out in the middle of the road . 
  or if i 'm waiting to turn right and want to check for oncoming traffic , i have to close one eye if there 's two lanes so i can tell which lane any cars coming towards me are in . 
   my doc gave me the sticker for one lens to see if the prism would help . 
  i got ta say i 'm damn impressed . 
  i 'm seeing so much clearer . 
  i 'm now wondering how long i was seeing the second image and was just used to it . 
  i can read the channel guide on the tv without closing one eye , i can read signs way across the grocery store , and i can see cars clearly far ahead of me . 
  it 's been awesome so far . 
  i 'm loving it . 
  will definitely make sure she sees this . 
  thanks !, 
  glad you got something out of this . 
  i 'm just trying to heal the world , one redditor at a time . 
  well , the thing in the upper left . 
  that 's a snoo , see ? 
  and then there 's , like . 
  ugh , can someone take over , please ? 
  you 're the third person to have said such a thing so far . 
  i 'm glad this was useful . 
  i gladly take gold , silver , credit cards , and healthy livestock as compensation . 
  :-) good luck !, 
  really good and interesting observations . 
  thanks . 
  edit : i think my the final straw for me with / r/cringepics was a series of fake posts that i saw through , called out , and then took a beating for calling out before i could put the final nail in op 's coffin . 
  it was too much effort and drama . 
  i was n't looking for a fight , but i ended up embroiled in one for several days , complete with two / r/quityourbullshit posts on the matter .
