  edit : i see someone thinks that a person can be intelligent enough to be given responsibility and yet somehow never have used that intelligence to form an opinion about the role of government . 
  i am interested in hearing about where these people without agendas come from . 
  thanks for introducing me to a subreddit i can follow for a bit , eventually get fed up with , and unsub from . 
  your description leads me to believe it would follow the same arc / r/cringepics did for me a while back . 
  i know you got a reply , but just from my own anecdotal frame , i remember columbine having a particularly heavy impact because 1 ) it broke out all over the news while it was in progress or at least before the scene had been cleared , 2 ) it was carried out by * two * individuals , so it had a much greater sinister element to it than , say , a single kid who comes undone and goes on a rampage , 3 ) the kids and their families were unremarkable ( i.e. , there were no obvious things about them that explain why this would have happened , other than perhaps that parents were n't paying close enough attention to have noticed anything in advance ) , and 4 ) iirc , social media was not something `` everyone '' was doing back then , so the stuff these guys had written were a particular spectacle . 
  yeah , anyway , that 's how it is for me , purely from recollection . 
  it had these dark and novel elements , even if it was n't the `` first '' incident of its kind . 
  recently i heard a very high number thrown out for how many school shootings occurred this year , or since . 
  yeah , i do n't remember . 
  point is , they 're apparently disturbingly frequent , and i do n't know if that 's because of the awareness of columbine or just that the numbers are talked about more now . 
  it would be interesting to find out . 
  which is the month i was born , which is why this 70s kid grew up playing video games . 
  i kinda also wonder how babies `` pioneered '' the walkman i used or learned to program a vcr or managed to login to `` chatrooms '' with a c64 or amiga or whatever -- you know , all that stuff that 's hard to do when you 're mainly concentrating on getting your excretory functions under control . 
  i must 've been too busy fighting in vietnam to do these things myself , i guess . 
  yeah , those were the days my dad , born in 1943 , remembers . 
  i do n't know why this would be a memory for someone born in the 80s . 
  i 'm new to this concept . 
  what 's the difference between `` removing something through moderator functions '' and a `` moderator deleting something himself '' ? 
  to the uninitiated they sound like the same thing . 
  ah , got it . 
  thanks . 
  god , that show just gives me cancer . 
  it 's so painful to watch . 
  obama ca n't win with that crowd . 
  they 'll claim he 's the embodiment of all things anti-christian on the one hand and then become apoplectic when he quotes scripture on the other . 
  and then krauthammer derides him with a straight face about the * timing * of things , as if republicans are immune from political calculation , or as if obama had n't asked congress for a bill they refused to deliver . 
  and then carlson with the late-term abortion thing . 
  saying that obama campaigned * for * late-term abortion is like saying that the people in their anti-regulation crowd are `` campaigning for tainted meat '' or choking toddlers or god-knows-what . 
  never mind that the bible says absolute jack about abortion . 
  sometimes i ca n't believe people can circlejerk themselves into such a high level of dishonesty , but damn , it 's right there , and it 's not even on the fringe in this society . 
  talk about `` repugnant . '', 
  i ca n't speak to actual quotes used , but in line with this idea i 've noticed that the right likes to invoke `` god '' a lot and seems to shy away from specific references to jesus and his teaching . 
  this is no surprise , really , because `` god '' is an authoritative , lay-down-the-law figure , while jesus represents truth-to-power , the underdog , contrarianism , and so on . 
  even when they talk about the `` war on christmas '' they do n't say much about jesus himself . 
  instead they say things like `` it 's a * religious * holiday commemorating the birth of our savior . '', 
  it 's a breathtakingly hypocritical line to walk , because an ounce of intellectual honesty will reveal jesus to be a very damaging figure to modern american conservatism . 
  and maybe that 's what has them all shit-fitting over obama 's `` audacity '' in quoting scripture . 
  ha , and now you 've given me another one . 
  i totally see why they 're so similar , though . 
  they 're all good ideas when properly realized , but really annoying when they 're not . 
  cringepics does n't understand when people are making jokes or using irony , iamverysmart does n't understand that the appropriate use of `` big words '' is n't mock-worthy , and lewronggeneration does n't get that things sometimes do change for the worse in time . 
  and i guess it 's just frustrating to people who get the point , to have to sift through so much stuff where people obviously do n't . 
  and the voting system does n't properly curate the content in such cases , because missing the point is a pretty common thing to do , it seems . 
  my thinking exactly . 
  i thought public confidence played a large role in financial stability , too . 
  i was going to jump in here but i decided to scratch that . 
  i think he said he literally could feel the image `` setting '' his brain to that mode , not that he actually lapsed into that mode . 
  in other words , he said it triggered an involuntary response within him . 
  this comment is like a wet blanket . 
  when it comes to what people call conservatism in the u.s. , it almost seems that simple . 
  i hear you , and i 'm i 'm like you , too , only i brush that stuff off as poetry . 
  to me it 's just invoking something that is close to us all culturally , regardless of belief , in order to rhetorically bolster a point . 
  it 's complicated when something is poetic and part of our broader culture at the same time . 
  as i commented to another above , i 'm not bothered when it 's used this way . 
  i 'll save my indignation for things like prayers at public meetings , faith-based policy proposals , and stuff like that . 
  edit : so i guess my slightly contrary opinion did n't contribute to the discussion or somehow otherwise deserved downvotes without commentary . 
  since we 're in / r/liberal i suppose i should say that i 'm the kind of `` liberal '' who actually puts his money where his mouth is when it comes to tolerating viewpoints that are not precisely the same as my own . 
  if you ca n't do the same , you should n't refer to yourself as `` liberal . '', 
  i tried the same thing and found that my package was all ass . 
  aids would n't be in the teacher 's union , and unionized teachers can be fired . 
  i hear a lot of complaining about teacher 's unions by people who do n't know what teacher 's unions do ( i 'm not singling you out ) . 
  if the administration has a justifiable case against a teacher , that teacher can be fired . 
  the union is there to make sure that nothing arbitrary takes place -- that incidents are properly documented in accordance with the law and with the contract . 
  i 'm sure there are examples of abuse , but they would be the exceptions . 
  there are a lot of forces at play in the life and work of a teacher -- parents , administration , politics , curriculum , state standards , morality clauses , public scrutiny , etc. -- and the unions are on the whole a good and necessary part of making sure that teachers can teach without having their jobs threatened at every turn by these forces . 
  i know it 's not a popular thing to say , but that 's how it is . 
  yes , where i am , if the `` support staff '' is unionized at all , they 're unionized either in a different union or a separate local within the teacher 's union . 
  in either case the situation would be different for them in terms of the union 's involvement in a situation like this . 
  because the line is blurry between `` things we know are absolutely wrong '' and `` things we think are absolutely wrong because we know just enough to have an opinion about them but not enough for objectivity '' or `` things that feel wrong but are not in any way wrong . '', 
  i had a liberal * anthropology * professor who said he was opposed to gay marriage back in 1995 . 
  today even centrists do n't give a crap . 
  and this is not why the left loses elections . 
  we lose elections because we 're still riding a cultural wave of american exceptionalism , false nostalgia , and cold war propaganda , and because we 'd rather cling to our feel-good mythology than learn uncomfortable truths about the world . 
  i 'm happy to be blunt and appropriately condescending when i 'm dealing with someone who denies anthropogenic climate change , or who says hitler was a leftist , or who says the free market can and will address society 's concerns if truly free because there 's no such thing as `` market failure . '', 
  i do n't have patience for ignorant shit . 
  but that 's not what we have here , is it ? 
  do you want to deny that the bible plays a strong role in western culture ? 
  i 'm an atheist and a humanist who is happy to point out to people what is wrong with the bible . 
  but i 'm not stupid enough to claim that the bible has no place in our culture just because i wish it were n't so . 
  and i personally do n't give a flying fuck if the president quotes from the bible any more than if he quotes from mark twain . 
  both are part of our cultural identity and both matter to people in the electorate . 
  this is my opinion . 
  i acknowledge it as such . 
  and i respect the opinions of people who disagree with it , too , up to the point where they claim mine is `` absolutely wrong . '', 
  edit : grammar . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  i did n't advocate for the idea of american exceptionalism . 
  i said we 're still riding a cultural wave of it . 
  put the things i enumerated together in context . 
  i actually * agree * with what you 've said in this comment , except for the part where you claim not to have read beyond the part you misunderstood . 
  i cumed a 4.0 several semesters in a row years ago . 
  yes , but what does that have to do with the price of tea in china ? 
  like [ this ] ( http://vimeo.com/56169933 ) ? 
  edit : no , seriously . 
  i know video links suck sometimes and that people do n't care for vimeo , but if you 're not already well versed in key & peele please check it out . 
  i think it 's one of their funniest bits . 
  i 'm going to take a wild guess that you guys are under 40 . 
  the thread on this topic is long , and i suspect that the reason for this is that race , ethnicity , and nationality are all different things that can lead an american to hyphenate . 
  i have a persian/iranian friend whose parents came here from iran . 
  she barely thinks of herself as persian , although she has no * problem * with it and will readily identify herself that way when asked .
