  the first objections to marx 's influence came from the mutualists who opposed communism and statism . 
  perhaps the clearest differences between the groups emerged over their proposed strategies for achieving their visions of socialism . 
  the anarchists grouped around bakunin favoured ( in kropotkin 's words ) ` direct economical struggle against capitalism , without interfering in the political parliamentary agitation . ', 
  marxist thinking , at that time , focused on parliamentary activity . 
  for example , when the new german empire of 1871 introduced male suffrage , many german socialists became active in the marxist social democratic party of germany . '', 
  again , not even a hint of leninism here . 
  if you go so far as to say that marx was an advocate for the working class and that he believed that the realization of his theories would be a * good * thing for that class , i 'm happy to concede that point , in no small part because i never argued against it . 
  my friendly comment was a response to your use of the phrase `` coercion of marxism . '', 
  i pointed out that marxism does n't rely on coercion , as marx 's theories were predictive and philosophical . 
  you 're insisting that i ca n't see the light and yet i 'm the only one in this exchange who seems to actually know something about marxism . 
  you point to marx 's involvement in a worker 's union as `` proof '' that marxism and leninism are the same thing . 
  not only did your own source contradict this point , but even if it had n't it would n't have been a commentary on marxism , but on marx . 
  since the topic of this thread is libertarianism , tell me : if some revolutionary libertarian managed to set up a libertarian society by violence and force , who or what would you point your finger at when blame needs to be assigned ? 
  would it be the guy who actually used the violence , or would it be libertarianism itself ? 
  or the people who advocated for it * before * the violence was committed ? 
  is the inquisition the fault of christianity or the inquisitors ? 
  what you 're attempting to do is similar to calling out paul for the terror of the inquisition . 
  not only is this a failure of logic , it 's demonstrably false from the standpoint of the source material as well . 
  i find it interesting that you immediately conclude that i must be lying if i 'm wrong . 
  i do n't believe i 'm wrong , but if i am it is not because i 'm lying . 
  i 'm explaining marx as i 've learned marx , nothing more . 
  now consider the words i 've used here . 
  consider the point i made and please do n't make more out of it than i did myself . 
  i responded to the use of the phrase `` coercion of marxism '' and pointed out that marxism is not itself a coercive framework . 
  i did n't say that it was never employed coercively or that marx was a peacenick or that he or his theory left no room for violence . 
  i said that marxism is a descriptive and prescriptive framework for understanding the worker and the relationship he has to his work , couched in a hegelian understanding of history . 
  * marxism * does not espouse coercion as a value . 
  yes , it is understood that the theory does n't predict the lion laying down with the lamb as capitalism respectfully bows out of the scene . 
  but composing a theory that says `` this situation is unsustainable and it will lead to its own demise , which will come in the form of a revolution '' does not make the theory itself coercive . 
  nor does it mean that coercion is held within it to be a virtue . 
  leninism , on the other hand , sees coercion as being just dandy , not merely as a stepping stone toward a post-capitalist society , but generally . 
  this is the difference i 'm talking about . 
  right , okay . 
  i think i understand now . 
  a predictive framework that takes stock of things as they are and finds the status quo both unsustainable and unjust , which acknowledges change wo n't take place without a fight and yet still holds that change to be a good thing , is an inherently coercive framework that sees coercion itself as virtuous . 
  i have seen the light , and will never view the declaration of independence the same way again . 
  good day !, 
  yes , we are clearly left with only this dichotomy . 
  you have backed me into a corner and caught me red-handed in an attempt to sugarcoat a theory i do n't even espouse . 
  and i would have gotten away with it , too , if it were n't for you pesky kids !, 
  good day !, 
  late to the game and going a bit off the beaten path here , but i 'd like to throw my hat it the ring with * weltschmerz * [ velt-shmehrts ] ( yes , i know that 's not how it 's done ) . 
  we do n't have an equivalent word in english and although the implications of the word are negative , it actually gives me a reassuring feeling when i encounter it because it reminds me that empathy is really a part of us and not something we have to fight to achieve . 
  for those who do n't already know , it refers to the heart-heavy feeling one can get while considering the human condition . 
  holy crap , i 'm in pa and i wanted to pull my hair out when the same thing happened here and facebook was full of `` oooo , yaaaay , pennsylvania ! '', 
  like , no . 
  we do n't deserve praise for having our ban overturned . 
  i can only see half . 
  kidding . 
  i love this shot !, 
  american here . 
  this line just made me bust out laughing . 
  and i * think * most people here would have the same reaction , but one never knows . 
  thanks for tickling my bone . 
  my funny , funny bone . 
  i think it 's always helpful ( especially for learners ) to do these types of switching exercises to make better sense of things ( such as using `` he '' or `` him '' to determine whether to use `` who '' or `` whom '' ) . 
  a similar thing you can do in this case is try it out with a verb other than `` to be . '', 
  ( i.e. , `` does he play/plays ? , can he read/reads ? , etc. ), 
  i just dropped in for a quick browse to see how useless this discussion would be and i have to say i 'm impressed by the quality of the exchange this time around . 
  i dropped libertarianism a long time ago although i believe in several of its core principles . 
  and i 've really been put off by many people who wear the label . 
  but i have to admit my expectations about this thread were wrong . 
  edit : okay , definitely not * totally * wrong . 
  but it 's still better than i expected . 
  timex sinclair with a 16k plug-in module in the back that was the size of a couple of decks of cards . 
  a significant part of the problem is that a sizeable portion of our society does n't believe in society . 
  it wants to prune the branches rather than feed the tree . 
  judging from yours you have a deep love for minimals . 
  that 's rabbits , doofus . 
  you have to discover it within yourself . 
  and even then there 's no way of knowing if it has an existence outside of that context . 
  actually , no . 
  there 's no such thing as pedantic world championships . 
  and if there were it would most likely be just one championshi-p and all three words would be capitalized . 
  also it would n't be right here . 
  and i 'm not a folks . 
  i 'd like to know this too . 
  it sounds like such a monty python thing to say . 
  although if i had to pick an animal to use as an incendiary device , i imagine a pig to be a reasonable choice . 
  that was kinda the point . 
  well , it 's good that that choice works for you . 
  it does n't work for me , though . 
  i 'm fed up with the two-party system , but i 'd never vote libertarian . 
  i thought that way at one point years ago and , besides abandoning libertarianism as a political philosophy , i realized that voting for the third guy because he 's the third guy is n't really an improvement over taking the lesser of two evils . 
  damn , you * write * with a southern accent . 
  those are definitely two worlds apart . 
  hell , i 'm in pa and it feels too southern for me . 
  ( roots in ct and ma . ), 
  fellow pa here . 
  yeah , we 're not oregon , but thank god we 're no texas or utah or florida either . 
  although i was surprised and disappointed that corbett did n't lose by a much bigger margin . 
  i expected him to get tossed out on his ass . 
  well i 've got a thing or two to say about accusing people of being on auto-sermon . 
  no , but really , that sounds like a cool idea for a bot . 
  well , keep in mind that there 's a certain amount of resignation in my choice that is at least partly influenced by my age . 
  i 'm in my 40s now and they came quick . 
  i 've sort of compartmentalized my politics into spheres of the practical and the ideal . 
  ideally i 'd like to see the courts invalidate the lockdown the two parties have on every level and in nearly every jurisdiction and see a congress with multiparty coalitions . 
  so i make my case for that when and where i can . 
  but to avoid unnecessarily overcomplicating my reply i suppose i should say that for practical purposes yes , i go for the lesser of two evils .
