  and if that 's how it is , then i guess that 's fine . 
  but if it goes the other way i 'm fine with that too . 
   i do n't know , man . 
  i grew up in new jersey and it would n't surprise me one bit , lol . 
  ha , point taken . 
  * note to self : in the future , use different state to make this point . 
  interesting . 
  is that what you do when people cost you money ? 
  i do n't care what people do . 
  you can marry a goat on mars and eat rhino butt for breakfast for all i care . 
  but sometimes private behavior has public implications , and when it does , the public has an interest . 
  do you care about your tax dollars ? 
  i do . 
  i also care about my insurance dollars and my medical bill dollars . 
  if that makes me a nanny stater , then whatever . 
  i 'm not sure what label should apply to people who call other people `` nanny staters , '' though . 
  maybe a `` thinks-he-lives-on-an-island-by-himselfer '' ? 
  these issues are balanced on a society-wide level , though . 
  for many people it 's not so much a matter of `` personal freedom '' as it is a requirement not unlike all the other requirements we deal with to function in a civil society , such as having an intact windshield . 
  in other words , many people will just put on a helmet if they have to , and wo n't if they do n't , without giving any consideration to the political philosophy behind it . 
  these people are part of the equation too . 
  everything in a civil society is a balance between public and private interests . 
  the only reason the drug war is dying out , for example , is because it 's been ineffective . 
  we have guaranteed free speech , but not in cases where a government 's legitimate compelling interest outweighs the cost to freedom that comes with restricting it . 
  it comes down to the way the two interests balance out * from a public standpoint . 
  * if you consider any of our freedoms , you 'll find they 're balanced in this way . 
   no , that 's their excuse . 
  this is a distorted perspective . 
  find a copy of the constitution and read it . 
  it 's not an excuse . 
  it 's the foundation of the society you live in . 
   oh give me a break . 
  no it does n't . 
  hahaha people get on accidents all the time . 
  hahaha, 
  and when that happens , people pay . 
  when the costs are high we all pay , either through insurance premiums , cost-shifted medical billing , or taxes . 
   who is held liable ? 
  they suffer and they pay their taxes . 
  that 's how it works . 
  just so i understand , is your position that taxpayers should n't have a say in how their taxes are spent ? 
   what costs ? 
  that 's why you pay taxes brah . 
  to pay for it . 
  i 'm becoming convinced that you 're a young person who does n't understand how this all works . 
  seriously , are you older than 20 ? 
  do you provide for anyone other than yourself ? 
  does anyone provide for you ? 
   the greater good has 0 to do with my personal choice to wear a helmet . 
  even more convinced at this point . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  i know what my point is , and it 's not that . 
  there is nothing about `` balance '' that implies invalidation of one side of the argument . 
  that would n't be very balanced , would it ? 
  it 's also not indiscriminate . 
  we have legislatures and courts that do quite a bit of discriminating on this front . 
  that 's why they exist , in fact . 
  the part you seem to have trouble with is that narrow interests sometimes lose the balance test . 
  only a very small percentage of society would view helmet laws as an affront to personal liberty . 
  that 's not a good enough reason in itself , but it also happens to be true that riding without a helmet is not a constitutionally protected behavior . 
  if we were talking about bumper stickers ( free speech ) we 'd really have an issue . 
  balanced at a society-wide level , helmet laws will win when the cost to society of not having them reaches some critical point . 
  right now they 're still winning in some places and losing in others . 
  it could go either way from here . 
  yeah , and i think that people who have this objection have a valid point . 
  i do n't * support * their point , but it 's not a faulty argument to raise . 
  the reason i do n't share their fear is that i think the fear is misplaced . 
  i suppose one can read a power-grab narrative into anything , but in reality personal freedom and civil liberties are balanced against state interests in different ways , depending on the circumstances . 
  i do n't think fast food would be outlawed for several reasons . 
  first , it has n't happened in countries that have universal healthcare . 
  second , everybody eats , and everybody eats garbage at least sometimes , so people will not likely pile onboard to such an idea . 
  society accepts certain high-cost freedoms -- particularly those that a huge majority of its citizens enjoy . 
  anyway , thanks for making a sober , rational point . 
  you 're the one who has n't made a point in your comment . 
  some of these things are already regulated . 
  some of them are n't so much , for reasons i 've already explained . 
  you happen to be talking to someone who has spent years of his life studying this very topic , and who has engaged with it in his professional life on several levels . 
  i do n't claim to have all the answers to every problem , but i know a few things about which of us is being nonsensical . 
  i do n't lead with this line because i do n't want to create the impression that i think i have nothing to learn . 
  i have plenty to learn , but not from the arguments you 've offered here . 
  you happen to be wrong and i do n't judge you for being wrong . 
  but my patience for obstinacy has limits . 
  edit : edited an edit with an edit . 
  i 'm also not rehashing points i 've already made . 
  nor will i cite the part of the constitution that many of us were asked to memorize in middle school . 
  * affect, 
  i 'm referring to the preamble , dipshit . 
  read it . 
  also , the preamble is to the constitution , not the bill of rights . 
  that is n't what i said . 
  which free society is like this ? 
   its not hard . 
  says you . 
  keep talking . 
  i 'm almost finished . 
  the constitution has force of law . 
  this does not . 
  i am not moved . 
  and i accept your apology . 
  it is n't the public .
