  1 ) your criticism requires knowledge of people 's motives , and you ca n't know what people 's motives are based on a comment , or even a number of comments alone . 
  maybe people making those comments are frustrated like you are , but about something different -- namely , the attitude among many americans ( long-standing , especially since the cold war ) that the u.s. is ipso facto correct in its foreign policy choices . 
  maybe they love their country like most people and criticize it because criticism can lead to improvement . 
  ( in fact , intentional improvement ca n't occur in its absence ) . 
  so you 're at a disadvantage right from the start because you 're reading things into people 's remarks that may or may not be correct , and are probably frequently incorrect . 
  2 ) you indicate that you are sensitive to this thing . 
  if you 're reasonable enough to recognize that , then you 're probably reasonable enough to recognize that this kind of sensitivity can easily lead to false positives . 
  i think this case here is a false positive . 
  i 'm an american and i love my country . 
  i love it for the ideals it espoused upon its formation . 
  and i criticize it because it 's the responsibility of citizens to do so in a country purporting to be `` by and for the people . '', 
  ask yourself : what does more damage to a country ? 
  calling out and fixing problems as they occur , or pretending they do n't exist so we can look like fools and hypocrites among the nations we ostensibly `` lead '' ? 
  i agree that it could be . 
  context an attitude say a lot here , even though it 's not obvious all the time . 
  if someone were to say `` i hate krauts . 
  they 're inhuman savages , '' then yes . 
  if someone were to express it the way rooney did ( the exact manner in which i ca n't recall ) , then i 'd say maybe not , although i 'm sure there 'd be a contentious discussion as a result . 
  i do n't have a major point to make other than that people have expressed sentiments of this kind without being dismissed . 
  yes , yes , we can die on our respective hills if we like . 
   its a judgment call , and who 's to say which one of us is right ? 
  i 'm reading nothing into the comment other than what 's in the comment . 
  i provided examples of what a person 's motives could be other than what you think it was , but i do n't pretend to know what motive is actually present here . 
  you 're the one doing that . 
  so no , this is n't an equal comparison . 
  i claim not to know and i reserve judgment . 
  you claim to know , so the burden is yours and you have nothing with which to meet it . 
   [ he did n't like people dumping on saudi arabia ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/31el1p/saudiled_airstrike_in_yemen_kills_family_of_nine/cq0zgfj ) for some wacky reason . 
  this is textbook thread derailment , or `` whataboutism '' , hardly constructive critique . 
  okay . 
  but that does n't mean the commenter was motivated as you suspected . 
  you could have said `` i do n't think this is constructive , '' but instead you went apeshit about what you imagined his motives to be . 
   this is an internet forum ; harping on something that is n't germane . 
  is n't going to fix anything . 
  op writing to his congressmen 7 years ago would have served more to fix the problem , not harping on it here in order to distract from the topic . 
  it was germane . 
  we 've been over that part . 
  and talk about being tired of hearing something . 
  this thing where people say some version of the above is tiresome . 
  this is an internet forum , yes , and people discuss things here . 
  you 're here . 
  you commented . 
  being here and doing this , and doing those other more `` productive '' things are not mutually exclusive activities . 
  for all you know you were talking to a member of congress . 
  you do n't know what people do . 
  beyond that , the theater of public opinion matters . 
  you can write your congressman , sure . 
  good . 
  and you can register your opinion publicly in an internet forum where ideas are exchanged and debated . 
  what do you have against the `` marketplace of ideas '' ? 
  your answer to me when i made a similar comment about what * you * said was `` so sue me . '', 
  perhaps this would be a satisfying reply here as well . 
  if you are comfortable with saying something other than what you mean in a comment , then you really ca n't justify expecting better of others . 
  no narration at all would also be `` more than adequately coherent '' in this case too , because this video requires no narration whatsoever . 
  he could have merely grunted and i would have had a `` more than adequate '' understanding of events . 
  that does n't mean that the narration was coherent . 
  i heard a lot of `` dumb-ass [ unintelligible ] '' and '' [ unintelligible ] dumb as fuck . '', 
  if you can transcribe what the narrator said for the first 10 seconds of the video ( make sure to use proper spelling ! ), 
  i might reevaluate my position , but for now i 'll just continue viewing this as a textbook case of incoherent narration . 
  and i would say the same thing if it were the queen of england speaking incoherently . 
  i 'm not trying to be a smartass . 
  i know what you 're trying to say . 
  but the word `` incoherent '' does n't have to be code for racism if actual incoherence is present . 
  edit : oh , downvoted . 
  okay . 
  so where 's that transcript ? 
  i 'm prepared to be schooled in the error of my ways . 
  then why did you intimate that the commenter might be less inclined to use the word `` incoherent '' when describing a thick irish accent ? 
  are you assuming he/she is more familiar with such an accent or dialect ? 
  look : i 'm not attacking you . 
  we probably have similar views . 
  i just think that incoherent is incoherent . 
  if it 's really a matter of familiarity as you suggest , then a `` familiar '' person might provide a transcript and that would probably settle it . 
  but if people ca n't agree on what 's being said , we 're probably looking at incoherence irrespective of dialect . 
  yeah , i get your point . 
  but i think that for ebonics to be coherent one has to be able to identify what is being said , as with any dialect . 
  do n't want to beat this to death . 
  thanks for the clarifications . 
  it 's like when people leave out the articles . 
  say hi to mine when you get there . 
  it 'll take awhile . 
  it made me die a little on the outside , and now my wife is pissed about all the skin on the carpet . 
  thanks a lot classyargentinean . 
  whoop !, 
  sounds like a great starting point for dealing with political divisions . 
  do n't have the final answer , but i might be able to move things along . 
  foia would n't apply here for the reason you mentioned . 
  * however , * pa has its own version ( s ) of the law and citizens are entitled to access certain things . 
  that 's as far as i can go . 
  the point : look for the state 's right-to-know laws . 
   ( yes yes . . asteroids and volcanos are natural . . you know what i mean ) . 
  this person knows reddit . 
   so your argument is a correlation implies causation ? 
  i cringe almost every time i see this trotted out . 
  i do n't see where a causal argument is being made . 
  for the commenter 's argument to be valid , a correlation is all that is necessary . 
  nobody is saying anything is being caused by anything else . 
  i 'm so glad this comment did n't get buried . 
  i think the same goes for the comment calling for charging the driver with child endangerment too . 
  people are so quick to shout out calls for * punitive consequences * every time someone does something stupid or miscalculates something , without considering the consequences of those consequences .
