  reddit showing assholes the door = / = libel . 
  libel also requires that actual damages were incurred . 
  you and anyone else making an attempt to sue for libel would be laughed out of court , right before having the defendant 's costs shoved up their ass . 
  finish middle school before you pontificate like this . 
  you seem rather sure of yourself . 
  tell you what : go ahead and file the lawsuit . 
  please . 
  put your money where your mouth is . 
  until then , i can only conclude that you do n't really believe your own words . 
  let me know when you 're done and please supply the docket number . 
  um , said the pot to the kettle . 
   first of all , i was not a member of fph . 
  second , all the evidence that we have show that the mods of fph were doing their due diligence as mods . 
  this is where i stopped reading , because that 's as demonstrably false as flat earth theory . 
  done with you . 
  thanks for participating . 
  said the pot to the kettle . 
  i have facts , and i have opinions . 
  and your `` facts '' ca n't hold a candle to the most ignorant of my opinions , because they 're not even facts . 
  here 's an opinion : i think you are 1 ) a child whom few people listened to as he grew up , 2 ) a person who has suffered a deficiency of affection in his life , and/or 3 ) * really , really * dumb . 
  i could be wrong about any or all of the three . 
  notice how i have no trouble conceding that my opinions may be incorrect . 
  i am not afraid of being wrong . 
  i 'm grateful when someone corrects my misconceptions , actually , if the correction is grounded in something credible . 
  on the issue at hand , however , i have no misconceptions . 
  i may have gaps in my knowledge , but i know enough to be able to say with absolute confidence that you are wrong on nearly every point you 've raised . 
  it took me a few years when i was as old as i think you are , to become comfortable with being wrong about things -- to use my misconceptions as learning opportunities . 
  i hope you find your way too . 
  good luck . 
  look up `` anecdotal evidence '' and then i will accept your apology when you have explained to me what it means . 
  because right now , you do n't . 
   anecdotal evidence is considered dubious support of a generalized claim ; it is , however , within the scope of scientific method for claims regarding particular instances . 
  anecdotal evidence is no more than a type description ( i.e. , short narrative ) , and is often confused in discussions with its weight , or other considerations , as to the purpose ( s ) for which it is used . 
  this is true regardless of the veracity of individual claims . 
  you do realize this negates your point , right ? 
  no , of course you do n't . 
  because you think you 're smarter than you are . 
  next wikipedia stop : dunning-kruger effect . 
  you 're a textbook example . 
  goodnight , and best wishes along your path to maturity . 
  what 's going on is : 1 ) you said all we have is anecdotal evidence . 
  i said that it 's not just anecdotal , and that it 's extensive and damning enough to avoid being dismissed as anecdotal . 
  the typical charge of evidence being anecdotal refers to cases where somebody tells `` a story '' and that story is expected to be taken as proof of something wider . 
  you continued to dismiss the evidence ( which is plentiful and beyond defensible ) as anecdotal , and i told you that i do n't think you understand the meaning of the term . 
  2 ) you quoted a wikipedia article to `` prove '' your point that a ) demonstrated that what you 've been shown , while in some ways partially anecdotal , is n't really , when considered in its totality , and b ) to the extent that anything * was * anecdotal , it was of the type that is nevertheless useful and valid . 
  in short , you misinterpreted both the meaning of the term `` anecdotal evidence , '' and its significance in a given situation . 
  this is a hallmark of someone who does n't really understand the terms he 's using . 
  as i said , i suspect you 're young . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i happen to be a 43 year-old man with three degrees and a postgraduate legal education . 
  i * really * know what i 'm talking about here . 
  i 'm not trying to rub that in your face . 
  i 'm just telling you that we 're not arguing about opinions . 
  you 're just wrong , and i could write for days about how wrong you are . 
  nothing personal . 
  you are correct to conclude that the effort i 'm applying here is less than 100 % . 
  the main reason for this is that when arguing with a person who does n't understand key terms that are relevant to the argument , a 100 % effort is as foolish for the person who knows what he 's talking about , as the argument itself is from the person who does n't . 
  yes , i shared some facts about myself that do n't themselves prove any points . 
  i shared them only to illustrate that when i call attention to your misreading of things and your use of malapropisms , i 'm not doing so from a place of ignorance . 
  since you refuse to question your position after having been shown a number of pieces of evidence against it ( which , by the way , were gathered by users and not supplied by admins -- why ? -- because the admins do n't * owe * us one bit of it ) , i will not bother arguing the merits of the evidence itself with you any longer . 
  i do urge you to take another honest look at it to see what it is you 're defending . 
  i also urge you to refocus your blame on the people who ruined the party and not the people who shut it down to save the house . 
  here 's all you or i need to remember : reddit owes us * nothing . 
  you can weasel around any other argument i make to make yourself feel better if you like , but this particular point is simply unassailable . 
  if reddit wants to ban something because alexis stubbed his toe in the morning , it could do just that , and would owe nobody an explanation . 
  you could wake up tomorrow morning to find that reddit is now a flower shop , and at the very most you would be owed the outstanding value of any creddits you held , and/or a prorated refund of any reddit gold subscription you had . 
  other than that , they could tell you to piss off and you 'd have no standing to demand redress . 
  * that * is the ground-level realization that should inform your arguments . 
  i 'm sorry if i came off as smug or arrogant . 
  that 's not the kind of person i am . 
  but you are swinging a sword at windmills , and the sooner you realize that , the sooner you 'll be able to either accept or reject reddit as a platform and move forward . 
  if they take away my sampson and delilah , i 'm going to fucking revolt . 
  i take it you have n't browsed / r/hangryhangryfphater . 
  i encourage you to check it out if you have n't already . 
  it might lead you to question your position on this . 
  but the people who host the content do n't . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  i agree that people might reasonably `` expect '' it , but nobody has to tolerate it . 
  and in my view , nobody should . 
  `` free expression '' is not an entitlement in the private sphere , and it does not shield anyone from having their ass handed to them if they abuse it . 
  reminder : reddit owes neither you , me , nor anybody else anything whatsoever . 
  because i do n't feel fully informed about some of these claims , i wo n't comment on them . 
  i will also happily concede that reddit dropped the ball regarding communication in at least some cases . 
  my problem is that the fph subreddit was a hub of indefensible behavior . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , it * earned * a ban . 
  i 've actually seen archived threads in which users warned that if such-and-such behavior continued to be tolerated , the sub would be banned . 
  the response from moderators ? 
  banning those users for `` fat sympathy . '', 
  people who do n't like the outcome should direct their anger at the users and mods who carried on with a distorted understanding of `` free expression , '' and not the reddit admins who cancelled recess because of them . 
  edit : changed `` admits '' to `` admins , '' which is what i meant . 
  unless i 'm misunderstanding something , it sounds to me like you 're confusing what happened with the firing of victoria , and the banning of fph . 
  iirc , a harassment policy was already in place and explained before fph was banned . 
  except that the harassment ( or `` joking '' if you prefer ) was n't contained within the sub . 
  fph subscribers followed people around both on site and off to harass them . 
  sorry , no links . 
  i 'm tired of providing them , and they 're easy to find . 
  no , just enroll in paranoia 101 and achieve a grade of c or better and you 'll be good . 
  have a look through here if you like : / r/hangryhangryfphater, 
  edit : or , since it 's mod action you 're concerned with , just go here : https://imgur.com/a/gcvc2, 
  yeah , those entitled fuckups who got drafted to go to vietnam .
