  anyway , i 've had a few beers and it 's late , and i may have misinterpreted you entirely , so please forgive me if i did . 
  cheers !, 
  good thing you do n't find any of * that * here . 
  i see here among others what i mainly see for myself : humor . 
  i think it 's funny when people feel the need to pretend to be something they 're not in order to make a point -- particularly when the lie is so transparent . 
  and then i laugh . 
  no outrage from me !, 
  yup , i missed the context . 
  sorry about that !, 
  some idiots would even think it means there 's * water * on mars . 
  too late , i 've already seen it . 
  it does n't even matter what sub it is , really . 
  these guys who are always telling people they should google stuff seem to forget that googling benefits one person , whereas asking for and receiving even a simple answer makes the experience of reading a discussion thread better for everyone else who comes along and has the same curiosity . 
  and please take it . 
  it 's free !, 
  this is a really compelling ama . 
  thanks for doing it !, 
  what struck me most from your introduction is how vulnerable you are . 
  being so completely cut off from the rest of the world , i 'm interested to know what sort of failsafe systems you have in place to ensure your safety . 
  is it through redundant support systems ? 
  or is it that the systems you have in place are built to such exacting and high standards that failure is highly unlikely ? 
  i 'm thinking about generators , physical structures , vehicles -- anything , really . 
  thanks !, 
  oh , so that * is * a saying . 
  that 's what [ this guy ] ( https://youtu.be/x7xbukdogmm ) said he said . 
  are you saying that our genes keep us from tipping over ? 
  state prisons are often if not always specialized to some degree . 
  the ones that get the most attention are the ones where violent offenders pass through or reside permanently . 
  i have no idea what percentages were dealing with , but anecdotally i 've heard that 1 ) the number one thing characterizing prison life is boredom , and that 2 ) there 's always a potential for things to go wrong , but most often it 's the people who for one reason or another owe somebody something , who end up in danger of violent encounters . 
  it just seems to be a common theme to me , but i 'm sure there are plenty of exceptions . 
  interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  haha , yeah . 
  i guess there 's a fine line between authentication and stereotyping . 
  from matthew 25 , niv :, 
   34 `` then the king will say to those on his right , ` come , you who are blessed by my father ; take your inheritance , the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world . 
  35 for i was hungry and you gave me something to eat , i was thirsty and you gave me something to drink , i was a stranger and you invited me in , 36 i needed clothes and you clothed me , i was sick and you looked after me , i was in prison and you came to visit me . ', 
   37 `` then the righteous will answer him , ` lord , when did we see you hungry and feed you , or thirsty and give you something to drink ? 
  38 when did we see you a stranger and invite you in , or needing clothes and clothe you ? 
  39 when did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you ? ', 
   40 `` the king will reply , ` truly i tell you , whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine , you did for me . ', 
   41 `` then he will say to those on his left , ` depart from me , you who are cursed , into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels . 
  42 for i was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat , i was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink , 43 i was a stranger and you did not invite me in , i needed clothes and you did not clothe me , i was sick and in prison and you did not look after me . ', 
   44 `` they also will answer , ` lord , when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison , and did not help you ? ', 
   45 `` he will reply , ` truly i tell you , whatever you did not do for one of the least of these , you did not do for me . ', 
   46 `` then they will go away to eternal punishment , but the righteous to eternal life . '', 
  dude , i did n't realize until now that he was even recognized . 
  but it does n't surprise me . 
  if he 's not an outright troll then he 's certifiably nuts . 
  i had an exchange with him a few months ago during the fph/pao fiasco , in which he tried to argue that reddit had broken a verbal contract with its users . 
  never mind that the argument is silly on its face and totally ignorant of contract law . 
  i told him that if he really believes what he 's saying , he should put his money where his mouth is and file the breach of contract suit in court . 
  that was the end of that branch of the thread . 
  wrong word choice , man . 
  censorship is something that can only happen to them . 
  they 're trying to * liberate * the subverse . 
  you would be hard pressed to find anyone who knows what sjw refers to in most american towns . 
  ah , that 's right . 
  i forgot about that . 
  i remember those reflexive downvotes . 
  i thought science was decades away from achieving absolute scrotum . 
  yeah , i think that incredulity of yours is part of what makes any such recognition remarkable . 
  you really * have * to possess some kind of superlative quality for it to happen -- particularly on reddit . 
  a novel username helps . 
  but as others have pointed out , the patterns and frequency of their activity , coupled with an encounter or two that make you shake your head in disbelief , will etch some of these characters ' names in your mind . 
  as for frankenmine in particular , i think it 's his militant adherence to such an easily contradicted narrative , coupled with the underinformed and often juvenile arguments he makes and the quixotic nature of his crusade , that keeps his profile high . 
  he strikes me either as a 14 year old who 's having a laugh , or a guy who will someday hold a person hostage in a shack until the nyt publishes his manifesto . 
  thanks !, 
  i would love to read where he went bananas after you apologized , when you have time . 
  it sounds like tantalizing entertainment . 
  haha , cool , thanks . 
  i 'll check it out real soon . 
  and i 'm sure you know by now that to these guys , there 's no such thing as a centrist . 
  edit : checked it out . 
  your form was fine . 
  your point was the kind that any `` movement '' should follow . 
  a circlejerk is fine when that 's what you 're after , but if you have a movement that you hope will be persuasive to people outside of it , then internal policing is indispensable . 
  you could have lent some credibility to that group 's arguments , but frankenmine 's ridiculousness harmed that possibility . 
  this tells me that he really does n't care about the movement he says he cares about . 
  there 's a difference between `` no constitutional right to vote '' and `` no individual voting rights guarantee at the federal level '' and `` no individual citizen 's right to vote for president . '', 
  people are conflating the meanings of these and other legal notions related to the vote all over the place in this thread . 
  citizens of the u.s. have constitutionally protected voting rights . 
  they 're just complicated . 
  and there is no top-down constitutional provision that places the individual voting right over the state 's right to regulate its voting system . 
  that 's the issue . 
  if the individual right were given precedence , then states would have to bend over backwards to accommodate it . 
  i 'd like to see that . 
  edit : bumfuzzled word choice . 
  i personally hate the / s tag , but i have a feeling that this comment is going to be taken at face value by a lot of people . 
  seems crazy , i know , but on reddit it would n't be terribly out of the ordinary . 
   sweet old mom is 67 years old and has n't driven a car in 15 years . 
  wow , reddit * is * young . 
  i think you should lay off the caffeine . 
  edit : wow , sensitive . 
  i mean , 52 is a pretty young age for people to stop driving , and 67 is n't the kind of `` old '' that is being described here . 
  that 's all . 
  i 'm 44 . 
  notice how the near - $ 1m contributions to hillary are listed as `` individual '' ? 
  that 's the result of a practice called `` bundling . '', 
  the corporations themselves have to adhere to limits when it comes to direct contributions , so `` bundlers '' collect contributions of individuals who work for these corporations and hand the donations off in one heap .
