  i 'm growing impatient with that equation . 
  it takes some pretty myopic thinking for a person born into the richest country on earth to see taxes as theft or some other bullshit . 
  we all benefit , we all pay . 
  you make more , you pay more . 
  it 's your dues . 
  as i 've said to some people i 've debated , if you show me a country without progressive taxation , i 'll show you a place you would n't like to live . 
  well , i 'm on it now , but i do n't know how to convey what i felt well enough . 
  i know what you 're talking about . 
  i was in the army years ago and i 've worked through pain many times . 
  but this was n't * that * kind of pain . 
  i was just about to schedule a doctor 's visit ( five or so days later , mind you ) when i sensed that the pain was waning . 
  it 's gone now and i 'm walking again . 
  trust me , this is n't how i normally feel . 
  i was pretty surprised at how much it hurt . 
  i totally agree . 
  expressed more efficiently , it 's a redundant tautology . 
  been there , man . 
  sometimes your shit just kills in your own mind , and only there . 
  i have n't yet , but my terminator tells me i will . 
  and i 'm a cowboy with a steel horse, 
  dude , when i was 18 i was in the army in germany . 
  i was still pretty new to the place and getting used to being allowed to drink . 
  i went out with some friends one night to this place where a band was playing and i was pretty damn ripped . 
  this girl walks out in front of me , turns around , and summons . 
  i could n't believe what i saw . 
  i thought * is this what girls are like in germany ? 
  jesus , german guys have it made . 
  * i followed . 
  we talked . 
  she was n't summoning me . 
  she was summoning her friend , who was still behind me . 
  we 've been married for almost 25 years now . 
  do n't worry , females . 
  you might not always get a yes , but you 'll probably make a good impression with your forwardness , even if you did n't mean it . 
  * ooo oo oo , come here , we have to talk !, 
  [ smooch ] see , there 's this guy i like . 
  you know , when i wrote that , i had n't thought of that angle , but you 're absolutely right . 
  i have some good friends who go from one nutty thing to another . 
  good point , thanks . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm not sure if you 're making what my wife and i would consider a funny joke ( because her friend was both married and female , and my wife is straight ) or if you are mixed up with the german sense of `` friend , '' which can easily mean boyfriend or girlfriend . 
  but in either case it 's it would make us chuckle . 
  no , but i did sit directly behind him at one of his speaking engagements . 
  we 'd gotten there early ( we were first , actually ) so we went straight to the front when they opened the doors and grabbed the first unrestricted row . 
  it turned out that the restricted row ( the first ) was for him , and he sat directly in front of me . 
  we 're going to do that tonight , actually . 
  and yeah , the impact has been a little rougher than i 've known it to be . 
  thanks for suggesting it . 
  i think . 
  i * might * . 
  understand the joke . 
  present perfect tense at the time . 
  i wo n't bother checking to see how consistent i was , because the answer is probably `` not very . '', 
  it 's just another way to say `` beckons '' or `` calls me over . '', 
  come to think of it , `` beckons '' would have been a better choice . 
  to summon is to call for in some way , but beckoning is what the physical gesture is called . 
  hope this helps !, 
  how is he casting personal judgment when his statement referred to the arguments and not the people making them ? 
  it sounds more like taking something personally that was n't personal . 
  and then later you claimed that `` things which people believe . 
  are rarely incoherent noise . '', 
  besides the fact that there are many groups both large and small that have rallied around incoherent noise , you still mischaracterize the statement made by the commenter by assigning his comment to `` things people believe '' and not `` the arguments put forth by climate change deniers . '', 
  the question to which the commenter responded was `` what do you think is the best argument climate change deniers make ? '', 
  his answer was that there is no single argument that fits the bill because the arguments offered are `` an incoherent soup of noise . '', 
  not one part of his comment speaks to the people or their beliefs , only their arguments . 
  you cast doubt on his `` claim '' to have studied his subject analytically , while demonstrating within the very text of your criticism that your own analytical skills are severely wanting . 
  edit : punctuation . 
  edit 2 : nice downvote . 
  no rebuttal ? 
  i think this is the wrong way to phrase it . 
  `` secularism '' is the concept that circumscribes religion in its own realm . 
  the law `` favors '' religion only in that people have a guarantee to exercise their religion freely . 
  you ca n't really `` exercise '' secularism , because secularism is neutral . 
  you ca n't make the claim that something violates your right to freely exercise secularism , because there 's nothing in secularism that can be exercised . 
  secularism is a negative , an absence . 
  also , do n't bother saying `` freedom of religion is also freedom from religion . '', 
  while that may be true , it has nothing to do with the point i made here . 
  careful , that stuff can even take superman down . 
  the problem in the case of the nsa is that there 's no suitable method by which one can challenge the constitutional authority of their actions . 
  information is classified and courts are secret . 
  and it would be hard to get decent discovery even if this were n't the case . 
  so if we take ourselves out of that exceptional realm , we 're back to that comment again . 
  the only laws that do n't have constitutional authority are the ones that have been stricken down and the ones that will be . 
  if the law has made it past the courts , it has constitutional authority for all practical purposes . 
  this idea of a `` constitutionalist '' is really just a type of branding . 
  just because you do n't believe the courts were correct about the constitutionality of certain laws , does n't mean those laws do n't have constitutional authority . 
  constitutional authority is often precisely what they * do * have , and some people do n't like it , so they create theories of constitutional law whereby the laws they like are constitutional and the laws they do n't like are not . 
  i 'm curious to know what this `` constitutionalist '' thinks about the `` money is speech '' part of the constitution . 
  this is mostly fine , except that where the court has found the authority , that is now the law . 
  you do n't have to like it , but roe v. wade is law just like the first amendment is law . 
  it can not be violated until a constitutional amendment is passed , or the court reverses or modifies its decision on the case . 
  what i 'm saying is that while you may have valid reasons to justify your position that some laws * ought * not to be constitutional , you ca n't ignore the fact that according to scotus , they are . 
  and you 're not scotus . 
  so pick any law you do n't think deserves that status . 
  the solution to changing this law 's status is the same as if it were the most constitutionally justified law you could think of . 
  it has to be reinterpreted by the court , or a constitutional amendment will have to be passed to address the problem directly . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm separating philosophy from the reality that is actually in place . 
  you can go on all day long about how we 've tortured the intent of the commerce clause , for example , but case law on the commerce clause is * law , * and if you do n't like that , then you have to amend the constitution or wait around for the court to distinguish or reverse , and that may never happen . 
  so any real * effective * action on the part of a `` constitutionalist '' will have to involve a constitutional amendment , and i do n't see how a presidential candidate could campaign on something like that .
