  i was subbed there for a while and finally just had enough . 
  the last straw for me was the link to a youtube video where people lured a guy somewhere with the expectation of having sex with an underage girl , and then proceeded to beat him . 
  sorry , that 's not justice , no matter how you feel about the victim and his intentions . 
  i asked some of the yahoos in the comments if they 'd have also considered it justice if it had been a woman receiving the beating . 
  it 's always the same thing there in my opinion : 90 % mob justice boners , and very little critical thought . 
  i love how it cuts off immediately following his split-second realization that something is wrong . 
  there 's some good information here -- particularly regarding the profit motive and the value of a news source such as npr , which has been shown to be top notch in terms of how well informed the people are who rely on it as a news source . 
  as far as bias is concerned , though , what i see here is fairly typical . 
  and although there 's plenty of truth to it ( i.e. , that fox news has a conservative bias , while msnbc has a liberal bias ) , what 's missing from the comments i see here is that the real `` bias '' in mainstream for-profit news is toward the sensational . 
  there 's an old saying in media that goes `` if it bleeds , it leads . '', 
  this is often perceived by politically minded people as politically motivated , when it 's really motivated by nothing more than increasing readership/viewership . 
  american news outlets will beat a story to death if they think people will pay attention . 
  seriously , if you want good news , stick to npr and foreign news sources . 
  what a perfect way to describe that , haha . 
  good one . 
  my wife and her family are german , and when they mimic american english they make a bunch of r sounds . 
  thanks for making this point . 
  i wish more people would . 
  ( of course , one has to be aware of the fact first . ), 
  but i cringe and feel sad at the same time when i read my fellow countrymen claim that this or that is `` far left '' or `` left-wing liberal , '' and so on . 
  our center is so far to the right of the rest of the developed world it 's actually a bit scary . 
  and it seems that the same people who do n't realize how centrist these so-called leftist ideas are , also do n't understand how successful these ideas have been around the world , or how much their implementation has contributed to a vastly improved quality of life for so many people . 
  we just ca n't seem to get over the idea that `` government is bad '' in the u.s. 
  benghazi did n't get much coverage in `` real news '' because it was a manufactured scandal . 
  but i understand your point . 
  the common denominator , though , is the profit motive . 
  `` unbiased '' journalism -- at least on television -- was mainly the product of the fcc 's requirement that a certain amount of airtime had to be devoted to `` public service . '', 
  license holders chose news as a means to fulfill that requirement . 
  today , broadcast journalism is just a small piece of what 's available due to the ascendance of cable and alternative media . 
  for all the unjustified criticism that has been leveled against public broadcasting , it remains the source of news that leaves its viewers best informed . 
  npr is at the top of the heap in the u.s. 
  the profit motive is poison to objective news . 
  and the `` free market '' will consistently fail in this area for the simple reason that people * do * in fact `` shoot the messenger . '', 
  edit : downvoted , but no rebuttal offered . 
  the benghazi affair was investigated and it was found that there was no evidence whatsoever of wilful withholding of information or anything approaching a `` scandal . '', 
  thus , the scandal was manufactured . 
  and i would * love * to hear anyone 's defense of for-profit news . 
  in any case , since i know my statements to be factual , i 'm quite interested in knowing the reason behind the downvote . 
  why `` deservedly '' ? 
  is there something wrong with humans reporting news , to the extent that the entire enterprise is beyond redemption ? 
  or is it possible that journalism could be practiced more ethically and effectively , the way it is in many places around the world ? 
  no , i just do n't think that the profession itself is dying or `` deservedly '' suffering . 
  did you read anything other than that select portion of the wiki ? 
  good lord , man . 
  here :, 
   a 1998 study from fair found that journalists are `` mostly centrist in their political orientation '' ; [ 52 ] 30 % considered themselves to the left on social issues compared to 9 % on the right , while 11 % considered themselves to the left on economic issues compared to 19 % on the right . 
  and regarding the study you cited :, 
   the report also stated that the news media showed a fair degree of centrism , since all but one of the outlets studied were , from an ideological point of view , between the average democrat and average republican in congress . 
  and let 's not forget , anyway :, 
   mark liberman , professor of computer science and the director of linguistic data consortium at the university of pennsylvania , critiqued the statistical model used in this study . 
  and there are flaws mentioned regarding studies that came to similar conclusions as well . 
  this is a far cry from your claim that what we hear in the media is `` left left left all day long so you 're essentially brainwashed into thinking anything other than left is wrong , '' not to mention that you misrepresented your source . 
  if you find such a pervasive political slant in mainstream news , i think it 's time to take a look at how extreme your own views might be . 
  i find it remarkable , frankly , that anyone can really believe what you 're claiming to be true here . 
  i 've lived in europe and have german family . 
  my fil is a conservative german who actually held office in germany 's conservative party ( cdu ) , and his views would be considered along a spectrum from center to far left here , which is preposterous . 
  this notion of a liberal bias in american media is so nonsensical , it 's enough to make one believe the water supply is tainted in this country . 
  if there 's any kind of bias in media ( other than the well-established bias toward sensationalism and pandering ) it 's akin to the one found in academia , and it has to do with being informed . 
  people who are informed tend to recognize that issues are n't as simple as people like to portray them . 
  and in the united states , unfortunately , finding nuance in something is tantamount to having a liberal bias . 
  in the u.s. , reality does have a liberal bias , because most americans do n't realize that our entire political spectrum is shifted right of everything else in the world . 
  it 's an astounding thing to witness at times . 
  dude , where do these people come from ? 
  sometimes i feel like reddit is inhabiting a dali painting . 
  try not to get discouraged . 
  some of the feedback here is constructive and some of it is just people being dicks . 
  i 'm not sure what the tenth person to mention the photo manipulation thought he was adding to the discussion . 
  i would say it was more arrogant than harsh . 
  i mean , yeah , it was harsh . 
  but the douchery levels in that comment are high . 
  the problem with this , as i see it is that the second point is n't true . 
  at least i do n't think it is . 
  my daughter was born in germany and i simply got her a `` consular report of birth , '' which establishes her american citizenship . 
  this is not the same as being naturalized . 
  naturalization is granted . 
  my daughter 's citizenship is something she 's entitled to . 
  the petitioner sues with a `` complaint '' under the slander tort , in which he claims damages for the untrue statement . 
  truth is an `` affirmative defense '' against the slander complaint , so the other party would answer with this affirmative defense . 
  it would n't have to be `` proven '' until trial , but it would become pretty clear during the discovery phase who had truth on his side , so a settlement would be likely . 
  holy crap , i ca n't believe this is here . 
  back in the 80s , my high school friend and i decided to go cow tipping one night . 
  now , we were in connecticut , so it 's not as if we or too many people around us knew anything about cows . 
  but there were little farms here and there , so we pulled up to one a little after midnight . 
  there was a slight drizzle and most of the cows were sitting down . 
  we did n't understand that , because we 'd been told that they sleep standing up , so we just figured that the rain had something to do with it and decided to proceed . 
  we got over the fence and once we were about 10 feet into the property , every last one of those sitting cows stood up . 
  it was a thunderous , apocalyptic event . 
  or it felt that way , at least . 
  we did n't even have time to shit ourselves , we flew out of there so fast . 
  it was quite a lesson . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the courts do n't strike anything down until someone with standing challenges the law . 
  that can take many years sometimes . 
  you 've made the unfortunate mistake of explaining something about how the law actually works in the midst of a raging circlejerk . 
  thing is , i ( and perhaps you ) agree with the outrage . 
  but this is no time to inject nuance into the discussion . 
  no , i 'm not telling you that . 
  i 'm telling you that in the absence of information regarding what challenges have been brought and how those challenges were addressed , it 's not very helpful to accuse the courts of not `` doing their duty . '', 
  it may be that they have indeed made some bad calls . 
  i do n't know .
