  let me try again :, 
  * you ca n't smoke in your own space , but most driving occurs on private roads and is therefore not subject to public laws . 
  my enjoyment is diminished by traffic lights , and i do n't accept them because the roads were built for my personal enjoyment . 
  fixed now . 
  sorry for forgetting my civics . 
  and who pays for the costs incurred by uninsured drivers ? 
  yes , that 's one aspect i missed . 
  the decency thing was just a corollary of the limited spectrum , not a direct implication of it . 
  thanks . 
  people with insurance , and the public , that 's who . 
  the public is n't on the hook for insurance companies directly , but when an uninsured person incurs a huge cost and then does n't pay , healthcare providers charge other people more money -- both the insured and the uninsured -- to recover those costs . 
  many of the insured being overcharged are insured with medicare and medicaid , which is a taxpayer expense . 
  if you 're on a public road , the price of admission is abiding by public laws , including laws that require you to insure yourself so that others are n't forced to eat the cost of your freedom . 
  i understand it 's a criminal act in the same way running a red light is a criminal act . 
  it 's a summary offense . 
  it will not affect `` only yourself '' if you have an accident . 
  it 's the government 's business to make constitutionally sound laws for the public good . 
  i do n't know how many traffic laws have been found unconstitutional . 
  your desire to ride without a helmet affects only you , up to the point where you have an accident , at which point it affects everybody -- even people who do n't drive . 
  if we could craft a law that would make wearing a helmet a personal choice * and * hold people liable for the consequences of not wearing one when they have an accident , maybe we 'd have something . 
  but i think you know what would happen . 
  the costs would be too much for most people to bear . 
  so we have a mandate instead . 
  there are many , many areas of public life where personal freedom is curtailed because the benefits do n't outweigh the costs . 
  nobody comes away completely satisfied in a civil society , unless they recognize that a society is a society and that the greater good is a greater good , and are satisfied by that . 
  edit : i must have made a terrible error of fact or logic with this comment , but i have no idea what it could be . 
  i do n't think my argument is irrational . 
  yours was made 50 years ago and the public seems satisfied with its rejection it . 
  i do n't believe the market is clamoring for the option to buy a car without seatbelts today , and that is why i think the regulation has been vindicated . 
  as to your second point , the simplest answer is that the goal in a civil society is not to impose arbitrary rules . 
  it 's to protect the public good through the balancing of competing interests . 
  a substantial number of people in society are willing to accept the risks associated with operating motorcycles . 
  at least in our time , the benefits would n't outweigh the costs for such a proposal . 
  when it comes to helmets , society seems to be on the fence somewhat , but in many cases it seems to consider the benefit of the mandate greater than the cost to freedom . 
  a free society is still a society , and as such certain interests will have to be weighed against others when they come in conflict . 
  i think the part where you assume the one thing necessarily implies the other is nonsensical logic . 
  in the examples you gave , the public does n't ( yet ) have a plausibly compelling interest to pit against the personal freedoms involved . 
  nor is there a clearly defined constitutional basis for some of those things . 
  but with regard to helmet laws , the compelling interest and the constitutional authority are fairly if not very well established . 
  gay marriage wo n't automatically lead us to state-sanctioned romance with goats , and marijuana is n't a gateway drug . 
  as i said in another comment , the answer is that the compelling argument is n't there for those things , probably because everybody eats , and everybody eats garbage at least some of the time . 
  but when a minority of people ride motorcycles , and a smaller minority yet values the right to do so without a helmet , and the cost of allowing it is greater * to society * than the value of that particular freedom * to society , * that freedom loses the balance test . 
  there 's also the consideration that many people will just put on the helmet without complaint * only * because there 's a law mandating it . 
  in other words , if it 's not mandatory , then it 's not only the people who value not wearing a helmet as a personal freedom who will not wear one . 
  it 's going to be every joe who does n't care either way but ca n't be bothered , as well . 
  and those guys would arguably end up costing society more than people like yourself . 
  oh , i totally get that . 
  i grew up in connecticut , where every year there was an event called pappy 's run where thousands of riders paraded on a 30-some-mile run to celebrate this guy `` pappy , '' who successfully lobbied against helmet laws in the state . 
  i do n't know what the status is there now . 
  but i understand the enjoyment . 
  it 's just that all of our freedoms have to be weighed against the public good -- from free speech to smoking to operating a motor vehicle . 
  in all fairness , i do n't believe you wish to be enlightened on this topic . 
  but that 's an assumption that can be equally true or untrue in each case . 
  in the absence of knowledge concerning everyone 's motive , i think it makes the most sense to evaluate the words for what they say . 
  i know what you 're talking about , though . 
  sometimes a person 's tone drips with ulterior motives . 
  but personally i try to avoid reading a motive into a comment where it does n't reek of disingenuousness , especially if the actual words used represent a sane position . 
   where are you getting the idea that i was against seatbelts in cars ? 
  you 're trying to pin a failed argument on me and i never made it . 
  i got it from here :, 
   the people who were against seatbelts were n't saying that they do n't work , they were saying that it should be their own personal choice whether to subject themselves to danger . 
  when you made seatbelts mandatory of course the fatality rate would decrease - this was never in question . 
  if it 's not an argument you wish to make , why are you defending it ? 
  the only way for the argument to affect public policy is to allow for the production and sale of cars that do n't have seatbelts . 
   so now you 're reframing the argument from what was `` good idea/bad idea '' to `` finding a balance based on competing interests '' . 
  it 's good that you came around . 
  only because i had to . 
  that 's my default understanding of public policy and sometimes i forget that other people do n't see it that way , so i have to point it out . 
  if someone says `` what 's to stop it from going so-and-so far ? '', 
  or `` where do we draw the line ? '', 
  then i suppose it 's necessary to `` reframe '' something i thought was already framed . 
   in my state , helmets used to be mandatory and they changed the law to make it optional . 
  and i live in the mid-atlantic area , not out in montana or anything . 
  yeah , that 's how it was in connecticut , where i grew up . 
  and it goes the other way in other states . 
  that 's what i meant by `` on the fence . '', 
  i do n't assume that you 're backward . 
  i just think that this issue matters to you and as such your opinion minimizes competing claims . 
   going back to your first point , society does impose arbitrary rules . 
  they do n't have to make sense . 
  what 's legal in one state might be illegal in the next state over . 
  you ca n't ride to new jersey without a helmet . 
  there , it 's illegal to even pump your own gas due to the danger or something that does n't exist in 48 other states . 
  the `` danger '' claim in new jersey probably has no merit , but it does n't mean that it is the goal of government to impose arbitrary rules . 
  notice that my comment spoke to the aim of government and not the outcome in every case of public law . 
  even the new jersey rule may not be arbitrary . 
  it 's probably because somebody 's lying about the reason for it . 
  my best guess is that it 's a labor interest disguised as public safety . 
  still , it 's not like the nj legislature got together and tried to come up with something just to fuck with people . 
  i do n't think your position is crazy . 
  personally i support seatbelt laws the way they were rolled out when i was a kid in connecticut : you do n't pull someone over for that reason alone , but if you pull them over for something else and their seatbelt is n't on , you cite them . 
  the only problem i have with the last part of your point is that it assumes a clean death . 
  an equally probable outcome would be massively expensive medical intervention and support . 
  after all , accidents all have their own particular circumstances . 
  yes , i agree , except that i would add the line `` with due consideration for the people affected by the exercise of your freedom , '' which is pretty much the foundation of a free society . 
  edit : again , i must be wrong . 
  nobody owes consideration to anybody else , i suppose . 
  we 'll do just fine that way . 
  and that could be the case . 
  i 'm not a guy who calculates those numbers .
