  complete assholes . 
  edit : downvoted by people who do n't know shit about boomers , apparently . 
  boomer hate is a huge , uninformed circlejerk . 
  all they did was get born and grow old . 
  do n't worry , though . 
  my boomer dad is already dead , so there 's one less you have to worry about . 
  boomers faced the draft for over a decade . 
  boomers had gas rationed in the 70s . 
  boomers lived through stagflation . 
  boomers did n't have federal student loan programs . 
  let 's talk about what entitled fucks they were . 
  point ? 
  i appreciate the sentiment . 
  thanks . 
  if you think `` boomers '' did all of this , you should go back to school and start from the beginning . 
  hint : entire generations do n't `` do '' things . 
  i 'm also interested in knowing what benefits you think `` boomers '' voted out with carter , and had slashed under reagan . 
  list them . 
  edit : quick downvote from someone who `` knows better . '', 
  i 'd love to hear the opinions of the young people who disagree with me 25 years from now , when some young know-nothings blame them for the actions of other people in their age range . 
  but when you say `` boomers , '' you ignore the boomers who voted for carter , the ones who helped take down the nixon administration , and every other `` boomer '' who fought against the things you 're decrying here . 
  you do them a terrible disservice by lumping them together with the others , as if they were of one mind . 
  i personally worked side by side with boomers as a union officer . 
  you also blame them for voting in reagan * and * bush ii . 
  what 's going on there ? 
  i 'm also waiting to hear about the benefits you lost when `` they '' elected reagan . 
  i 'm interested in knowing more about `` researchers of the far right , '' in case you have any information to share . 
  i regularly encounter people in online discussions who deny that the nazis were a right-wing party , and i 'm curious to know what 's been said recently on the subject . 
  i have a master 's in political science , but i finished it 18 years ago , so obviously i 'm missing recent information . 
  i 've spent considerable time combating this particular bit of misinformation , so i 'm also interested to know if anything has been said about the phenomenon in recent years . 
  i 'm in my 40s and i have mein kampf on vinyl . 
  i wonder why jesus bothered to let him have a second term , then . 
  when people say that , fwiw , they 're not really referring to the usa alone . 
  it 's a leftover term from the cold war , where the us was the superpower in `` the free world , '' as contrasted with warsaw pact countries under the thumb of the ussr . 
  why 're we asking these questions ? 
  there are a few things that make this thing atypical , but i see your point . 
  i did n't think to investigate the plumbing connection from the outside . 
  in any case , i found it mildly interesting . 
  i think you 're both right , and that 's annoying as shit to me . 
  let me shoot the chicken !, 
  i 'm a gril btw . 
   sensible informations, 
  * sensitive information, 
  i have the sense that you 're german . 
  ( and i just got home to the us from germany . ), 
  `` sensible '' in english is more like `` sinnvoll '' in german ( which , humorously , sounds like `` sinful '' in english , which means `` s\u00fcndig '' in german ) . 
  `` sensibel '' generally translates to `` sensitive , '' even though going back in the other direction , `` sensitive '' can sometimes best be expressed as `` empfindlich . '', 
  it depends on the situation . 
  also , we do n't pluralize `` information . '', 
  hope this helps . 
  if my assumption is wrong , please disregard !, 
  well i would have a problem with that because pans ca n't consent . 
  edit : jesus , no sense of humor . 
  i love this comment . 
  when my daughter was 9 ( she 's 23 now ) i asked her whether she thinks a fish knows that it 's wet . 
  blew her mind . 
  ( and she concluded that the answer is no . ), 
  but it 's true : my wife 's family and my daughter live in germany , and it 's really hard to explain to people here in the us what life * feels * like over there . 
  it 's not a paradise or a utopia , but one 's worries over there tend to be less . 
  politifact rates specific statements made by politicians , pundits , and so on . 
  they were not evaluating whether `` any effort '' was being made . 
  they evaluated walker 's specific claim , and they evaluated it honestly and thoroughly . 
  i find claims of bias like this one rather annoying . 
  why should politifact go out of their way to qualify walker 's claim beyond what it actually states ? 
  * that * would be biased . 
  pick some democrats on their list and you will find plenty of `` false '' ratings to read about as well . 
  you might find more * republican * statements rated with `` false , '' but if that 's the case , i ca n't see why politifact should be criticised for it , considering how well they investigate and source their ratings . 
  weightless currency . 
  problem solved . 
  you 're welcome , humanity . 
  credit to u/tonyquark for the find . 
  well , this would actually be useful . 
  a negative test would mean the person was n't high at the time . 
  i would agree with your point if the test were for use near the time of the incident , but current tests -- urine tests , anyway -- test for the presence of metabolites , which are present in the urine anywhere from a few weeks to six or so , depending on the test method and the subject 's frequency of use . 
  edit : downvote for disagreement . 
  nice . 
  right , i understand your point . 
  it 's valid enough on one level , i think , to say that the policy was `` do n't do x '' and she was fired for doing x. 
  but there are a few levels of argument going on here , and mine concerns the company 's interest in having the policy . 
  i do n't think that a company policy about behavior that does n't play a role in work performance is valid . 
  to me it 's like having a policy saying you ca n't cohabit with someone while unmarried . 
  if the policy were tailored to apply only to intoxication i would n't likely object to it . 
  this was like cringe without the benefit of knowing who to cringe at . 
  i mean , the guy obviously did n't mean to offend , and clarified that he was referring to the character . 
  so he basically goofed . 
  schumer could have said `` nah , i would n't put it like that , '' but insulted him instead , and then kept at it . 
  it was all just awkward . 
  god , there 's always * something * out there . 
  look at all the stuff you can learn following a comment thread on a picture of a threesome on the top bunk . 
  that 's my reddit . 
  i think it 's just a britishism that stuck more with you up there than it did with us down here . 
  we say `` excuse me '' in most similar cases . 
  so i guess the `` sorry '' thing americans talk about would be the same as if canadians were saying that we 're always looking for excuses down here . 
  wow , never heard the andy dick angle . 
  that was a sad time . 
  nope . 
  read it again slowly . 
  edit : apparently he and i are both jerks , for different reasons . 
  read the usernames too . 
  i 'm not that guy .
