  from what i 've seen , people who try to draw legitimate distinctions do n't have a problem with the premise behind this statement . 
  that is , to the extent that a young person who consents to something he or she does n't fully understand , it ca n't be properly regarded as consent . 
  what i see is not so much people arguing against this principle so much as they are saying 1 ) that a situation where someone above the age of majority has sex with someone below it , where there was no attempt to manipulate , deceive or coerce , ought not be equated legally or morally with one where manipulation , deception and/or coercion were part of the interaction , and 2 ) that a given chronological age is n't by itself a definitive indicator of how properly prepared a young person is ( minor or not ) to offer consent . 
  i understand the reluctance people have to split hairs over this issue . 
  most of us do n't need to split these hairs in our personal lives . 
  i , for example , do n't need to bother myself with questions of whether it would be proper to have a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old because i 'm 43 and i 'm married . 
  but there are lots of people we share space with for whom the lines are n't so clearly drawn , and the rest of us still have a say in what happens to them when they cross that line . 
  so , while the hair splitting may be counterintuitive and off-putting to some people , i think it 's necessary if we care about dealing with this thing in a just way . 
  i see . 
  yeah , my knowledge of the tumbler phenomenon is limited to what i 've seen other people saying about it on reddit , so i do n't even know firsthand what 's going on there . 
  and from the look of things , i do n't want to , either . 
  i hear you too and i do n't deny in the least that this frequently happens . 
  it 's part of what makes productive discussion of this and other emotionally charged topics damn near impossible . 
  it 'll probably be a good while before we 're able to focus on the words themselves and not the subtext . 
  you can probably find an explanation right here on reddit . 
  there was a thread about this a few weeks ago where people proudly announced that they do this . 
  yeah , man . 
  only 70s kids will get this . 
  oh , it 's definitely a thing . 
  i spent nearly four years in germany with the military in my late teens and early 20s , so most of my driving experience had come from there when i returned to the u.s. at 22 . 
  i noticed right away that the chances for something unpredictable happening were much greater here than there . 
  yeah , i was just making a reddit in-joke about the `` only 90s kids will get this '' meme that floats around this place from time to time . 
  only people who spend too much time paying attention to such things will get this . 
  i have n't seen it , but i 'm definitely interested in seeing what it has to say , so thanks . 
  my daughter is 22 and i ca n't say for sure that i 've ever given her a straight answer to a question she 's asked . 
  i think propaganda is for snobs . 
  i prefer my ganda homegrown , raw . 
  consider posting to / r/denglish . 
  it 's a fun little fledgling sub that might enjoy seeing it . 
  ( although i would guess anyone subbed to / r/denglish would also be subbed here . ), 
  no , but i do have some salad dressings that do n't even know about 9/11 . 
  i 'm not a native german speaker , but my wife is , and she has told me that while she was growing up , vocabulary lessons in german schools always included the article . 
  i am certain there are reasons for that beyond what i imagine , which is a mix of what / u/rewboss has said and my own sense of things . 
  generally , the article is not just a neutral appendage in the german language . 
  it ca n't really be separated from the noun itself without sacrificing important elements of communication , and it 's far easier to learn the pairings upfront than it is to do so later . 
  in fact , learning them upfront does a lot to improve fluency . 
  for example , if your husband has never heard the word `` tisch '' but understands how articles are employed in different cases , he 'll know instantly that `` tisch '' is masculine when he hears somebody refer to `` den tisch . '', 
  it would also help him avoid any confusion between the feminine singular and plurals generally . 
  so in short , i would say that articles affect what is communicated a great deal more in german than they do in english , and that it would aid his fluency and shorten his learning curve if your husband bit the bullet and made the effort up front . 
  also , for what it 's worth , you 're the german and he 's not , so i would emphasize that his opinion is based on something he does n't yet fully understand . 
  but that 's * my * opinion , of course . 
  gladly . 
  good luck . 
  edit : i 've seen good advice here in the way of shortcuts to making sense of the articles , but i was n't able to locate what i had in mind specifically . 
  anyway , check around in here for that sort of thing . 
  people have offered some very useful stuff in this sub . 
  after all , if you do n't exercise your rights , you lose them . 
  why do dolphins need horns ? 
  yup , it 's pretty crazy that a national figure would charge a market price for something the university would n't have had to pay for if it did n't want to . 
  next thing you know , republican politicians whose paychecks come from the federal till will start opposing big government !, 
  well , people also repeat it because that 's what they 've heard . 
  this is almost certainly due to the timing of everything . 
  when dvd emerged it was such a clear-cut winner over vhs and there were n't too many alternatives that could mitigate its takeover . 
  blu-ray emerged very close to the ascendance of streaming . 
  many people are content with the latter , but people who care about the metrics associated with blu-ray do prefer them . 
  if streaming had n't emerged or become as viable as it did i believe blu-ray would have made a stronger impact . 
  nope , not fabric scissors !, 
  they 're normal scissors . 
  and they 're the ones i used to cut the packets , horribly inconvenient as it was . 
  actually had to put the other stuff down first so i could get the scissors . 
  if that 's not bullshit i do n't know what is . 
  and that 's part of the point i made . 
  people do care about the quality , but a significant portion of the viewership does not -- at least insofar as the difference between streaming and blu-ray . 
  the reason is that the appeal of the technology does n't hinge on quality alone . 
  streaming offers a great deal of convenience for people that is enough to offset the quality advantage of physical media for them . 
  in the absence of streaming i believe blu-ray would have become a stronger standard . 
  that 's interesting . 
  we do n't know anything about it , really . 
  when we bought the house we thought it fit so perfectly where it is , we asked the seller if she could throw it in and put her price on the mortgage . 
  do you feel the same way when the sexes are reversed ? 
  just wondering . 
  because when the teacher is a male reddit seems to become a lynch mob . 
  when she 's female the tone is pretty lighthearted . 
  not picking on you or your statement.i just find it interesting how gender matters so much when it comes to this sort of thing . 
  yeah , well , i 'm kinda with you and i 'm kinda not . 
  this is really a perfect example of something that 's difficult to discuss here , because people like to pigeonhole other people on topics like this . 
  but for what it 's worth , here 's what i think :, 
  i will happily grant you the part about the sexes being different -- that is , in a material way and not just superficially . 
  i do n't completely fault people who are concerned about gender equality when they insist otherwise because it 's something i see as an overreaction to people who use male/female differences to justify inequality , and i am 100 % for gender equality . 
  i just wo n't go so far as to deny that differences * do * in fact exist , and that they make a difference in the context of the sexual dynamic , up to and including abusive situations . 
  more plainly said , men and women are likely to perceive and understand similar sexual situations in different ways . 
  at least that 's what i 've come to understand through education and experience . 
  the part i disagree with is where you suggest that those gender differences are relevant to the degree of `` suffering '' a minor is likely to experience through sexual contact with an adult . 
  and here 's where we get into some dangerous territory , i think . 
  because i ca n't see any justification for the idea that minors of either sex `` suffer '' any differently under these circumstances -- that is , inherently , for the act itself , without taking important matters of context into account . 
  again , more plainly , there is no reason to think that boys and girls are inherently victimized to different degrees of severity by the same act by virtue of gender alone . 
  so to put this all together , i would argue that there are circumstances where a teenage boy who has sexual contact with an adult would be victimized to exactly the same extent that a teenage girl would be in a similar situation . 
  i would also argue that there are circumstances where a teenage boy would * not * necessarily be victimized , at least not to a degree most people would consider truly damaging . 
  many people ( including some in this thread ) do n't have a problem with this idea . 
  but there 's no reason to believe that * that * would n't be true for some girls in some situations as well . 
  in other words , i think that the degree of victimization a teenage boy or teenage girl experiences in these cases is partly rooted in the facts of the case and partly rooted in society 's construct . 
  god , this is awfully difficult to articulate so early in the morning . 
  sorry if it seems convoluted . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : i think boys can be victimized by these things as much as girls can . 
  i also think that some boys may not suffer greatly as a result of such things , but i think the same is true for girls as well . 
  i also think that any difference between girls and boys in terms of their level of victimization is largely due to social construct and not objective fact . 
  no , and i did n't mean to suggest you did . 
  i just have to make certain default assumptions sometimes because it 's easy to be labeled an apologist if you do n't , and i 'm not an apologist . 
  i just think we need to reexamine some of the assumptions we make about an emotionally charged topic . 
  well that 's pretty much my sense of things too .
