  * and the world never looks the same again . 
  edit : just one thing about race in the u.s. : so much of the time , the difficulty with this is that when opponents say `` this is n't about race , '' they 're actually correct on one level . 
  the real race issue here is n't so much about race as it is about class . 
  i actually think that the majority of racism here is inadvertent . 
  i think it 's probably a small number who would stand by the idea that black people deserve to suffer `` because they 're black . '', 
  or who make an issue about skin color . 
  that 's part of the reason they see claims of racism as ridiculous , i think . 
  `` of * course * i do n't care about * the color of his skin . 
  '' * the problem is , we have a long , long history of * equating * race with class . 
  so we have a minority highly overrepresented in an underclass , then we remove the racial stigma from our thinking and we look at the people still suffering and ask * so what 's your complaint now ? 
  you have all the same rights we do . 
  * our problem is with class , and our racism problem is about not taking responsibility for the overrepresentation of certain minority races in the underclass , not about hatred for people with a particular skin color . 
  i would like to attempt to work on a clean slate here , if possible . 
  i 'd just like to know : do you support the second amendment ? 
  and if you do , i 'm interested to know why . 
  why is it there ? 
  and as a gesture of good faith , so there 's no need to feel that i 've baited you or approached you disingenuously , i 'll reveal my hand up front :, 
  the argument i hear most frequently in favor of the right to bear arms is that when a government becomes oppressive , the people have a right to defend themselves . 
  ( this is where i would most likely be interrupted , so let me clarify a point before it 's challenged : i know that 's not what the rioters were doing . 
  i do not support or excuse what happened in baltimore . 
  i am addressing the point you made in your last paragraph . ), 
  if we accept that the second amendment exists to protect the people from the government , then we accept that there are hypothetical circumstances in which one should feel justified in shooting a government representative dead . 
  again , i 'm not saying that doing so -- or the rioting at issue -- would be justified in this case . 
  what i 'm saying is that i do n't believe it 's consistent to hold the position that the second amendment protects us from our own government ( knowing that to use that protection entails shooting and killing ) , and then claim that * rioting * is `` not ok nor is it justified or even to be expected in a modern society . '', 
  if we accept your stance on rioting , then surely the logic would apply to killing agents of the government with guns . 
  and if killing agents of the government with guns is also `` not ok nor is it justified or even to be expected in a modern society , '' then can we please just agree to get rid of the second amendment altogether ? 
  or can we instead be honest with each other and acknowledge that sometimes people will act out against an unresponsive government ? 
  sometimes , as in this case , they will act irrationally and inappropriately . 
  it 's to be expected in any society . 
  whose tea did the boston tea party protesters destroy , anyway ? 
  ( hint : it was n't government tea . ), 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  i think that analogous experiences can be an important foot in the door to genuine empathy . 
  you may be familiar with [ frank schaefer ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/13/us/a-pastor-his-son-and-the-test-of-gay-marriage.html ) . 
  he 's a personal friend of mine . 
  he explained to me once that he 'd been raised pentecostal , and that he 'd held all the beliefs about homosexuality that came with that . 
  until his firstborn son came out , that is . 
  you may know that frank officiated at his son 's wedding . 
  he 's one of the best people i know . 
  good luck to you . 
  edit : fixed link . 
  well , then , i hope she does . 
  of course , i 'm a democrat who will vote against her in the primary , so no babies need to be harmed on my account . 
  i came to this thread way late , but i wanted to stop in anyway to tell you that i think this is by far the best recommendation of all . 
  if more people would just read about the stuff they 're constantly referencing instead of tertiary reinterpretations of these things , the quality of our discussions would improve dramatically . 
  i 've grown somewhat disappointed with the level of political discussion i 've been able to find on reddit thus far . 
  i have a graduate level education , but i still have a crap-ton of stuff to learn and i was hoping to find something that would stretch me and help me grow . 
  for the most part , though , i find myself * compelled * to jump into threads because the stuff people are saying is so breathtakingly ignorant , i ca n't scroll further without a carrying sense of guilt for not saying * something . 
  * the thing is , no matter how politely and diplomatically you approach things , people will resist any effort you make to correct them on anything , and it becomes easy to get embroiled in * really * stupid debate . 
  in short , the discussions that benefit me are elusive , and the discussions where my contributions have the * potential * to benefit others tend to be dominated by people who are n't there to learn , grow , or change in the first place . 
  for a quick example , i 've actually read ian kershaw 's massive two-volume biography of hitler , as well as * the rise and fall of the third reich . 
  * it 's been some * time * since then , but i did read them . 
  and it 's immensely frustrating after an experience like that to end up in a protracted debate with someone who is trying to argue that hitler and the nazi party belong categorized with `` the left . '', 
  anyway , there are a number of things you listed here that i could stand to learn more about , so thanks for the contribution . 
  have to second what / u/minorsaint said , because an upvote was n't enough . 
  now you wait until i think of a trick . 
  do n't forget your card . 
  this is the kind of talk i like to criticize the right for using . 
  it 's not very helpful to people on our side when we serve up examples of lunatic raving to balance the equation . 
  if there 's any truth to the belief many of us hold that our politics takes the higher road , then we should take the higher road when we open our mouths and express our views . 
  here 's my reverse-anger-translator version of your comment :, 
   i 'm not convinced that his schooling says much about his fitness to lead . 
  if we keep putting people in office based on superficial `` credentials '' like this , we 're asking for the bullshit we 're always complaining about . 
  besides , i do n't think he legitimately won the office the first time around anyway . 
  i 'm sure that 's not perfect , but it 's how i read your comment . 
  stay angry . 
  just do n't serve our necks up to the other side . 
  you know what would be kind of awesome , though ? 
  so we have eight years of the right screaming `` socialist ! '', 
  at a guy whose socialism requires an electron microscope to find . 
  then the real socialist steps in and those arguments are so worn out , they come off as white noise in the public debate . 
  * yeah , yeah , socialism . 
  blah , blah , it 's practically the soviet union here after obama , blah , blah . 
  * it would be the most satisfying example of political wolf-crying we 'd ever seen , and with a sweet payoff . 
  generally , because for most people who care at all , it 's about whose team is winning and not about an abstract or objective sense of right or wrong . 
  we mostly pretend to be united here . 
  we like to say that we are . 
  but since we 're not , the country we say we love is really just the version of the country that our chosen team represents or wishes to bring about . 
  we are all pots calling the kettle black . 
  upvote from a so-called liberal democrat . 
  yes , we would be shitting ourselves raw if bush were clamping down on whistleblowers the way obama has . 
  why should any of us deny that ? 
  but i 'm going to offer two caveats to your point :, 
  1 ) i do n't think the left has been silent about obama 's prosecution of whistleblowers . 
  i think that within our own ranks we complain about it a lot . 
  but i think we 're nowhere near as vocal about it as we would be if it were bush , as you said . 
  i also think it would be no different if the equation were reversed . 
  2 ) i do n't think things would be much different if bush were to have stayed in office for two more terms . 
  that is , i think the prosecution of whistleblowers may very well say more about the united states than it does about any politician . 
  if you look at policy positions expressed by people before and during their presidential tenure ( not talking about campaigning in the former case ) , it becomes clear that to some extent , the office shapes the president as opposed to the other way around . 
  has it been established that it was n't north korea ? 
  i 've heard the claim , but i have n't seen anything yet in the way of confirmation . 
  do n't mistake the title for what the article is really about . 
  it 's really about an appointee getting her appointment held up . 
  and it 's being held up along with others who have nothing to do with the torture report . 
  the `` punishment '' thing is really just an angle . 
  i did n't know there was a good one . 
  i prefer `` queefing in a colosseum , '' but to each his own . 
  yeah , pretty adept , eh ? 
  seriously , though , when i saw that part i stopped thinking about what else was there .
