  men are said to want -- how is it ? -- a mother for their kids who is also a maid for the house and a slut in the bedroom , or something like that , but real women most often have some kind of zero-sum combination of these attributes . 
  we want a say in government but do n't have the time or expertise to contribute much of value , so we compromise . 
  i think many people would favor dictatorship if * they * were guaranteed to be dictator , but we have a system instead where most people get something they want and few get everything they want . 
  and that 's the thing with these bitcoin apostles : they forget that some ( i would argue most ) people * do n't * find bitcoin particularly easy or convenient , * do n't * feel comfortable storing value in a volatile , unprotected medium , and * do * find the regular old statist currencies perfectly adequate . 
  i was actually curious about bitcoin at one point , but now i would n't even consider it beyond its potential use as a `` hobby currency . '', 
  and it 's just as much the * people * pushing bitcoin as it is bitcoin itself that led me to adopt this attitude . 
  edit : formatting . 
  i 've only been kind to bitcoin proponents , as my comment history will plainly show . 
  taxpayers will pay the insurance premium whether or not a claim is made , so i 'm not sure what taxpayers should say `` enough '' to . 
  if you mean the insurance premium , then the next time a case is brought taxpayers * will * foot the bill for a settlement . 
  have you ever needed to make a claim ? 
  i know insurance companies look out for themselves before their customers , but if you 've ever had them pay out thousands of dollars instead of you having to , it 's easy to develop a more sympathetic attitude . 
  for a moment i thought you had an idea that could be taken seriously . 
  yeah , geez , you even spoonered your username . 
  seriously . 
  there 's a stinker in every crowd . 
  this is truly amazing . 
  thanks for posting it . 
  because that line is more of a feel-good ideal than anything , unless the threat were coming from outside and the government were actually supporting the action . 
  a lot of us in this country tend to forget that actual uprisings do n't usually work out so well here . 
  hell , the south had its entire way of life threatened by `` the government '' once and we know how rebellion worked out for them . 
  many of us here also forget that the populace does n't act in unison when these matters arise . 
  just as there were loyalists during the revolution , there are and always will be factions that oppose one another within . 
  we could have a north korea situation here and there would still be people fighting * for * the system rather than against it . 
  the truth as i see it is that , along with france , we made an incredible step forward in world history at the end of the 18th century . 
  i 'm not what you 'd call a flag-waving ` murica type , but i still think the declaration of independence and parts of our constitution are some of the most moving and inspiring words that can be found in any political document , so i think this legacy of ours has noble origins ( no pun intended ) . 
  but i believe that , due to the peculiar circumstances of our rebellion and our having started from scratch , our internal debate involves a strong component of `` more vs. less government '' as opposed to `` how should government exercise the power that we almost all agree it * ought * to have . '', 
  i do n't mean to over-respond to your comment , but i think you 've brought up an important issue here . 
  we tried the `` minimal government '' thing here after the revolution and it lasted all of 11 years . 
  even the founders , revered as they are by those who see the only relevant choice as being between more and less government , knew that power was necessary and sought to structure it for balance and accountability rather than hamstring it . 
  government will continue to exist , power will continue to corrupt , and people who take up arms against either will for the most part get their asses handed to them . 
  and even the people who see our second amendment as the one that protects everything else know this , whether on the surface or deep down . 
  i think we 'd be doing ourselves a favor by recognizing this and working to make government better , more responsive , and more accountable , rather than continue to harbor the fantasy that in today 's world armed rebellion would result in anything much better than a bunch of dead rebels . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** the last paragraph will probably do . 
  i believe there 's plenty of news to cover 24/7 . 
  but what the networks are doing now brings in more ad revenue than news would , so we get that . 
  this is an example of what i consider the core problem with political ideology that relies too heavily on market forces . 
  sometimes , we rats in the market will keep hitting the lever in our cage that dispenses cotton candy , corndogs , and crack , instead of the nutritious , balanced meal we all know is better for us . 
  the more a network is motivated by profit , the less useful i expect it to be . 
  that 's why i have my internet on vinyl . 
   it requires its users to do more work to set it up than they care about . 
  if there had been a central authority for bitcoin , and it was like signing up online for a bank account rather than fucking around with blockchains or buying btc from drug dealers or scammy markets , a lot more people would be willing to do it . 
  if we ignore the other . 
  let 's say , oddities surrounding bitcoin , then this would be a key point for me . 
  before i discovered all the political stuff and weird behavior surrounding it , i was interested in bitcoin . 
  i looked into mining and read about setting up a wallet and all that . 
  now , i 'm not sure if there 's a special word to describe my level of tech savvy , but in short , i 'm not specially trained in programming or networking and a lot of the esoteric stuff i hear from people who do sounds like babble to me . 
  but i 'm quite comfortable with technology and i 'm not intimidated by new things . 
  basically , i 'm the guy my friends and family call when they have computer issues and i get in there and take care of things , even though i do n't know what 's happening under the hood . 
  anyway , i 'm looking at this bitcoin stuff and i 'm like * nahh . 
  * sometimes it 's * eh , maybe . 
  * i just do n't feel like setting up a wallet when i can literally earn about $ 60-100 in the time it would take me to do so . 
  bitcoin is called a geek currency for a reason . 
  i believe its proponents have little understanding of what this all sounds like to rank-and-file human beings . 
  in a world where most people do n't know where the windows desktop resides in c : , or how to google with syntax , you lose 80 % of potential adopters the moment the word `` blockchain '' comes out of your mouth . 
  edit : i just had to come back to throw in a little political jab , because the libertarian angle on this thing is something i find rather funny . 
  the free market appears to be taking a pass for the most part when it comes to bitcoin , but notice how that does n't seem to be changing any of their minds . 
  for libertarians it seems that the free market reigns supreme only up to the point where it rejects their ideas . 
  he was thinking about it in a global sense . 
  i mean . 
  agreed . 
  without looking anything up , my sense is that it should be `` on '' in american english as well . 
  if i had made the sign i would have certainly used `` on . '', 
  mind if i finger you sometime ? 
  and both sides are justified . 
  it 's a horrible book . 
  i tried to read it . 
  i really did . 
  well , persecute 'em too , then !, 
  yeah , i do n't really have a dog in this fight , so i 'll just give you `` they 're not justified '' and stick with `` it 's a horrible book . '', 
  the `` twelve words '' not included in this frequently quoted summary are these :, 
  `` forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us . '', 
  haha !, 
  * someone * noticed . 
  or maybe just not do it at all ? 
  for some reason people have no trouble looking back at mob justice from a few generations ago and seeing it as backward and wrong , but still manage to get pleasure from it when it happens today . 
  this is not a scene worthy of admiration . 
  i agree that a lot of american `` patriotism '' is fueled by ignorance and that the american flag is unnecessarily `` special '' to a lot of americans , but i think you 're underselling the american revolution in your comment . 
  i do n't wish to compare it to the french revolution , but there was indeed a great number of grievances the colonies had against the british throne . 
  i was going to paste them here but it would have made for quite a long comment . 
  if you 're curious you can see the list of complaints [ here ] ( http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/declaration_transcript.html ) in the declaration of independence . 
  it 's the block list following the second paragraph . 
  which is mob justice , of course . 
  and if he 's going for a 13-year-old , he 's not a pedophile . 
  it 's okay , though . 
  i totally expect this and the other comment to get downvoted and i do n't care . 
  i know which sub i 'm in . 
  this place has occasional gems posted and that 's nice , but too often it 's just a mob-mentality circlejerk . 
  you 've pretty much solved at least part of the mystery for me though , so thanks . 
  it seems that people engaging in mob mentality just deny that that 's what it is . 
  kinda like saying `` i 'm no racist , but [ insert racist comment here ] . '', 
  your questions sound genuine so i 'm happy to answer them . 
  when i say `` mob mentality '' i 'm referring to anyone in the video or in the comments who views beating a person for his supposed intentions as just . 
  this activity is pretty much a visceral reaction of men to other men who are judged for their actions or intentions without any context . 
  think of it this way : an adult woman with the intention of fucking a 13-year-old boy is committing no less of an offense than if it were the other way around . 
  yes , this scenario is quite rare , but it happens , and my statement still applies . 
  so if the perpetrator * had * been a woman , would you feel just as satisfied to see her beaten by a group of people , or would you find the activity unsettling in some way ? 
  civilization has progressed to the point it has , largely due to our collective ability to be . 
  well , civil . 
  being civil means , in part , allowing the system , with all its protections , handle the matter .
