  by `` problem '' i was referring not so much to the jokes themselves , but to the difficulty of evaluating subtext . 
  and i do think that subtext matters in many cases . 
  oddly , i just recognized your username . 
  and besides the fact that this almost never happens , it 's funny because of why i remember it . 
  you were in / r/politics a few months ago criticising obama from the left , and people got pretty prickly over it because they were saying that your comment history indicated a preference for the right . 
  i argued with people in my own camp in that thread over the issue because , i said , we should n't pretend the criticisms were untrue , just because we do n't sympathize with the person making them . 
  the cynical part of me wonders whether a person on the political right who criticises obama from the left , and defends racist ( or quasi-racist ) jokes on the grounds that they provide social commentary , * is n't * masking something , consciously or unconsciously . 
  but i 'm not making an accusation . 
  this is just an example of what i was talking about in the other comment . 
  i think we have a bit of a straw man thing happening here . 
  this thread ( following the comment about shooting the dog and family , which in my opinion was in poor taste ) went straight to the issue of trends in the use of lethal force , which is not what i believe to be driving the recent antipathy toward cops . 
  i think what we 've been seeing are both real and symbolic cracks in the narrative people have been fed about not only cops , but all of the authorities ( courts , politicians , etc. ), 
  backed with legitimized use of force . 
  the ubiquity of recording devices and the unprecedented means of distributing the content made with them has certainly done more to make this an issue than the trends themselves . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone , of course , but my sense is that people feel massively betrayed by the system we 're supposed to have faith in . 
  personally , i think the cop in ferguson -- wilson -- was probably justified in shooting brown . 
  but nothing can excuse * ferguson * for what was discovered in the aftermath . 
  and while you might want to argue that the problem is n't systemic , it was certainly systemic * in ferguson , * and ferguson does n't appear to be an outlier . 
  in my own town , for example , we have a less egregious but equally immoral thing happening . 
  here , the poorest people are frequently cycled through the county jail and work release program , during which time they are perpetually in debt to the system . 
  they get sentenced on a misdemeanor for , say , 3-12 months . 
  while in jail they incur `` room and board '' charges , and then while on work release the jail takes its cut of their income off the top , and also charges them for drug tests they do n't administer . 
  then these guys are released ( with a record of debt to the jail , as well as fines from sentencing ) and somehow it 's only during that last month of probation or parole that a po discovers an empty beer can in the trash on their curb , and they are tossed back in jail with all of their `` street time '' taken away . 
  i 've known guys who spent three years cycling through on a six-month sentence . 
  and when it 's finally over , they 're still in debt and nobody wants to hire them . 
  so i do n't think it 's just about cops . 
  i think it 's about hypocrisy . 
  the underclass is constantly being told that it only has itself to blame for its circumstances , and recent events , whether representative or not , are blowing the lid off that argument and people are justifiably hooting over it . 
  i mean , your argument that `` this is n't what cops are really like '' is pretty much the same one minorities have been making for generations about themselves , so i 'm not surprised to find some people unsympathetic toward your use of it , unfair as that may be . 
  nothing personal -- just my 2 cents . 
  if you could finish your first sentence with `` and nobody gives them a hard time about it '' then i 'd see your point . 
  it does n't surprise me so much as it saddens me . 
  human beings seem to have a default setting whereby we couch our personal interests in the language of abstract philosophical principles , up to the point where those principles are applied to people we do n't like in the concrete world here on earth , or where other people 's use of those principles harms our ability to corner real-world resources . 
  put more plainly , we love free speech when we speak , but not when somebody says something we do n't like . 
  ( or somebody we do n't like says anything . ), 
  and then we look like fools doing end runs to insert caveats into our grand statements of principle . 
  ( side note : i was once at a contract negotiation meeting between a teacher 's union and the administration . 
  an administrator wanted to negotiate * out * a provision for smaller class size limits for `` honors '' classes , because `` in my heart of hearts , i ca n't justify telling a parent ` your kid has to be in a larger class because he 's not an honors student . ' '', 
  only his heart of hearts had no trouble doing just that when enrollment numbers did n't strain the budget . 
  i thought , `` why do n't you just say ` we do n't have the money , and the board will shit themselves raw if i suggest hiring a new staff member because of class size provisions in the contract , ' because that 's exactly what everyone in this room knows to be true . '' ), 
  i can see how a focus on civil liberties can make strange bedfellows . 
  i think the hardest thing for people to wrap their heads around -- particularly around here -- is that civil liberties in a civil society must be balanced against both individual and collective interests . 
  and sometimes were asked to balance them against interests we do n't share . 
  there 's a really horrible joke here waiting to happen , i can feel it . 
  i 've run into more than a few people on reddit who insist that he was !, 
  the cartwheels of rationalization are pure entertainment :, 
  `` well , guys , i came here to get away from * politically motivated * censorship , so . 
  it 's not like there 's a woman in charge here or anything that would force me to question the motives . 
  i 'm okay with this . '', 
  who could argue with that logic ? 
  as james madison famously said , `` it 's a good thing we scrapped those articles of confederation . 
  if that ridiculously weak and decentralized government had been any good , people in the future would would have taken us for utopian anarchists or some shit . '', 
  source : am james madison . 
  i think this statement is broad enough to be true , but it does n't really answer the question . 
  in all seriousness , the only practical way i can see this happening is through the use of a common username or accounts linked the same email address or something like that . 
  not that i 'm any kind of expert . 
  i just ca n't think of any other way this could have happened ( short of having access to resources most people do n't have access to ) . 
  humility and dick affinity are a touching combination . 
  if you know what i mean . 
  it 's always been hard for me to figure out what 's going on with these guys . 
  on the one hand , you 'd think that anyone who can rise to a prominent place in nyc would have to demonstrate * some * cosmopolitan sensibility * somewhere * in his life . 
  and it 's easy to think that it 's all an act , and maybe it is . 
  but then you 'd think it would be easy in today 's world to uncover all kinds of stuff exposing the ruse . 
  also , i 'm not into conspiratorial thinking enough to think that everyone could be paid off . 
  it 's just weird . 
  any reasonably intelligent high school student could figure out how full of shit sean hannity is . 
  then again , i have friends who paid to see a ufo guy in philly . 
  when they told me who it was it took me less than 10 minutes to confirm my expectation that he was a scammer and a clown . 
  i guess wishful thinking is more powerful than we think sometimes . 
  maybe the homosexual agenda is really about getting green cards . 
  i think his stuff would only seem that way to people who already know the subject matter . 
  in some ways the internet has encouraged a climate wherein `` teaching '' can easily seem pretentious . 
  you 're probably just not in the target audience . 
  dude , everybody with half a brain knows that the civil war was fought over the right of habeas dubious and butts of attainder . 
  by that , do you mean the south carolina state legislature ? 
  they 're the ones who chose that flag in this case . 
  if it 's just a flag that was appropriated by idiots , then they made a pretty irresponsible choice . 
  edit : downvoted , okay . 
  such anger with no argument . 
  will you break it to him gently that the war is over ? 
  german soldiers were n't fighting for extermination of jews , either . 
  edit : downvote says they were , i guess . 
  it 's the same argument . 
  the civil war was fought over the right to own slaves . 
  they do n't have to be . 
  the analogy is independent of the severity of the events . 
  if the united states used its military to pick daisies , the soldiers would n't be picking daisies for themselves . 
  if they used soldiers to annihilate other planets , the soldiers would n't be annihilating planets for themselves . 
  the point being , the civil war was fought over the right to own slaves , and some symbols of that war are used by present-day racists . 
  south carolina is a state in the union now by virtue of its having lost the war . 
  i do n't understand how it makes sense for the union to honor vanquished rebels from a racist war with a symbol that is embraced by racists . 
  edit : jesus christ , you guys are funny with your downvotes . 
  no , the south carolina government did . 
  you said you 're not american , right ? 
  the u.s government does n't play a role in this matter , except to the extent that south carolina rebelled and was defeated by it . 
  well it 's interesting you should say that the u.s. government probably `` does n't really care about it '' after first claiming as a justification that they authorized it . 
  `` the people '' have also said they want it taken down , and the governor has announced that she 's asking the legislature to do just that , so i guess your opinion had its day , and now other people are getting what they want . 
  i do n't have to look it up because i know the u.s. government does n't play a role here . 
  you do n't ask people for permission who do n't have a say , and neither does south carolina . 
  also , i assumed your opinion was the one you 're defending .
