  bitcoin is arguably even more fiat-y than fiat currency , because it 's backed by the full faith and credit of . 
  oh , right -- nobody . 
  self-driving ? 
  i 'm in . 
  ( or not , as it were . 
  * snort * ), 
  wow , that was weird . 
  entertaining , to be sure ( i actually busted up at the wright brothers . 
  simpleton bit . ), 
  but weird . 
  it seems clear that you two have a bit of a history . 
  he seemed entirely reasonable in the interactions i had with him , so i did n't quite understand what was happening here . 
  i think it 's likely that `` fiat money '' has been defined as something issued by government decree because until very recently , the only entity that * would * or * could * issue fiat money `` worth '' anything was government . 
  i mean , * i * could issue fiat money tomorrow , but why define fiat money as something any schmo can issue if schmocoins have never really been a thing ? 
  the one defense of his definition i 'd offer , however , is that the word `` fiat '' connotes arbitrariness ( which qualifies bitcoin ) * and * power , in a sense ( i.e. , the government arbitrarily declaring that this thing with no inherent value is gon na be your money ) . 
  so really , it seems to me that bitcoin is fiat money in every practical way , except for the part where it 's the only game in a particular town . 
  to put it slightly differently , on silk road , bitcoin is indistinguishable from fiat money in terms of its economic role . 
  but yeah , i think the operative factor in what defines fiat money is the arbitrary assignation of value . 
  you certainly ca n't make jewelry with your bitcoin `` commodity '' after the community has decided it 's no longer useful as money . 
  which brings me to the part i * really * did n't understand from this otherwise reasonable person . 
  his analogy regarding gold was clearly way off . 
  to say that bitcoin is backed by bitcoin is n't like saying that gold is backed by gold . 
  it 's like saying that the u.s. dollar is backed by the u.s. dollar . 
  make me a sarcophagus out of bitcoin , or put some on my dinner plate , or put some in my car to make it go , and i might change my mind . 
  but the fact that you can do none of these things is what makes bitcoin a fiat currency . 
  it is literally * less * inherently valuable than paper on which the u.s. dollar is printed . 
  if merchants around the world said `` we no longer accept bitcoin , '' you would n't even be able to burn them in your fireplace . 
  yes , i understand , well , * part * of what you 're saying . 
  and really , the point i made then , and the point i 'll make here , to you , is that this is an issue of grammar and not politics or religion . 
  if you do n't put your penis in a vagina , you wo n't get anyone pregnant . 
  if you keep it out of mouths and assholes too , nobody will catch a disease . 
  this is just the raw truth about the meaning of the word `` abstinence '' and the consequences of actually practicing it . 
  it is devoid of commentary as to the wisdom of relying on it , teaching it , and so on . 
  one can abstain from things other than sex . 
  if you abstain from alcohol , for example , you wo n't get drunk . 
  if you abstain from jumping off a cliff , you wo n't go splat . 
  if you abstain from large masses , you will float . 
  it 's just what abstinence means . 
  i write for a living , and words matter to me . 
  so it bothers me when words like `` abstinence '' become conflated with politically charged topics such as `` abstinence education . '', 
  for the record , i 'm a former christian who has been away from the faith for decades , and i really do n't know what you mean with point # 1 , unless perhaps you 're talking about `` sinning in your heart , '' which is a matter on which i have no comment . 
  my only point here is that christian penises work the same way as other penises , and not putting them in places where people can get pregnant or catch a disease will work every time , no matter what anyone believes . 
  also for the record , i think that abstinence education is stupid and irresponsible . 
  but just because i have that opinion , and just because i disagree with christians about almost every matter that is important to them , does n't mean i have to refute every claim they make . 
  the problem is not with the claim that abstinence works 100 % of the time . 
  it absolutely does . 
  it would take quite the acrobat to foil its effectiveness . 
  the problem is that it 's unreasonable to expect people to abstain , especially when their bodies are constantly pumping them full of chemicals that give them the urge to drop what they 're doing and fuck , right now . 
  so yes , my point is a bit like saying `` fasting prevents food poisoning . '', 
  it 's a stupid way to avoid food poisoning as a * life strategy , * but that does n't make the statement untrue . 
  abstinence is n't a very good * game plan , * but the fact remains that if you do n't bump uglies , you wo n't get the drips , and you wo n't have to put anyone through college . 
  that 's what you got from the above summary ? 
  that 's so weird . 
  i think she was saying that people see what they want to see when they read something , but that 's just me . 
  not sure how old everyone is here , but i kinda see it as something that started when clinton won the first election in 1992 . 
  reagan the hero was done , bush the first angered his base with `` read my lips , '' and clinton waltzes in with his boomer birth date and draft-dodging and his womanizing and his crazy wife who would n't compromise on health care , and all this -- you know -- stuff that republicans hate . 
  the backlash was something i 'd have called incredible if i had n't lived through the backlash caused by obama 's success . 
  we had the rise of talk radio ( rush limbaugh had * two * bestselling books , remember ? 
  ) , the contract with america , and a recession at the onset , just to ensure that people would be extra angry and contemptuous . 
  i was a conservative republican myself during this time . 
  ( and for the record , even though i am neither conservative nor republican today , i still do n't care much for the clintons , and i really , * really * do n't want hillary to win the nomination . ), 
  but yeah , for me it seems that it was around this time that the lines were more clearly drawn again . 
  vietnam and watergate threw our political culture for a spin , and criticisms of reagan aside , the period of his presidency -- partly through circumstantial luck ( i.e. , the culmination of cold war tension that gave us a greater sense of that we were all on the same team ) and partly through his `` natural charm '' -- was the least polarized time in * my * memory , at least . 
  so the cold war ends and we do n't know what to do with ourselves , and there was talk about a `` peace dividend , '' which i 'm sure republicans viewed as code for `` money for guns being spent instead on social benefits that will ingratiate people toward democrats , '' and in comes the `` republican revolution '' of ' 94 , with newt gingrich at the helm . 
  i see it as an effort to redraw the lines that delineated which team you were on -- not even necessarily in a conscious way . 
  i just think there was a bit of an identity crisis with the collapse of the evil empire , which just happened to coincide with the last of the wwii generation leaving the white house , only to have that spot filled with a dirty , hippie pig who smoked pot , cheated on his wife , and lied about everything to everyone , and whose wife had a role in drawing up articles of impeachment for nixon and was uncompromising , audacious , and visible ( note : partial sarcasm in that sentence ) . 
  for a second course we were served with 9/11 , which * could have * resulted in some longer-lasting unity but did n't , because bush and his cadre of neocons squandered the opportunity when they more or less forced their base into defending the indefensible war in iraq . 
  then a black guy got the white house . 
  holy shit . 
  what could * possibly * be more fucked up than * that ? 
  * please , give me a pot-smoking draft dodger !, 
  i take back everything i said in 1995 !, 
  well , there 's more to it than this , of course , but i just wanted to offer something broader than `` it started with bush , '' because i think the matter runs deeper than that . 
  but i find it interesting how so much of the language used in today 's political discourse is aimed at defining enemies , whether foreign or domestic . 
  i agree with some of this and disagree with other parts . 
  congress is not supposed to plot against the president . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  and i mean that in the most polite way . 
  our government is n't structured the way it is to encourage antagonism among the branches . 
  it 's structured that way to prevent abuses of power . 
  the presumption would be that if all three branches * really * agree on a goal , then it 's likely the people 's will ( or , alternatively , the `` right '' thing ) is being done . 
  congress is there to do its job . 
  it also has powers aimed at preventing the president from assuming the role of king . 
  there is no requirement that congress work to frustrate the president 's efforts insofar as those efforts are lawful . 
  now , on the issue of the senate being of a different party than the president -- well , i agree with what i believe to be your principle , but i do n't think that political affiliation is the core of the problem there . 
  here 's where i say something just about everyone here will disagree with , so i 'm not expecting any love . 
  but i offer it as food for thought in any case . 
  the purpose of the senate was originally to mitigate the fluctuating , mob-like desires of the more populist house . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , that function has been all but nullified . 
  there is some remaining deliberative advantage inherent in the senate 's longer terms and smaller body , but there 's not much in the way of improved * perspective * there because senators earn their spots through the same process and by the same people as members of the house do . 
  i believe there 's value in having a body within congress that is somewhat removed from the `` passionate whims '' of the masses . 
  and while i have no specific proposal for the mechanism by which this can be best achieved , i believe that the senate should be composed primarily of top academics -- that is , people who have spent their professional lives learning about the things that are at play in the decision-making process . 
  i do n't think they should have the `` final answer , '' but i do believe that our process should involve having to make compromises with people who actually know something about the effects certain policy preferences would have on the country . 
  today , instead of having a congress divided into a populist house and deliberative senate , we have two chambers that are different from each other in a manner that borders on insignificance , both of which are divided along popular lines . 
  we might as well be unicameral at this point , as far as i 'm concerned , and i think the original idea was a better one than what we have . 
  i 'll agree , but with a slightly different take . 
  yes , it 's no surprise to those of us who 've known hillary for 20 years or more . 
  my reaction was n't a shrug , however . 
  when all that mudslinging was going on over whitewater and vince foster and on and on , i was waiting for the shit to hit the fan , and it never did . 
  there were questions that remained , sure , but reasonable people could have concluded once the dust settled that it was all smoke and no fire .
