  it 's actually routine business . 
  nothing like living up to a stereotype . 
  israel might as well have an official state bagel . 
  sure -- i mean , that would be anyone 's impression who does n't realize it 's the kind of thing that goes on all day in a legislature . 
  congress spends lots of time naming post offices and bridges and stuff . 
  if there 's an official national * insert-silly-thing-nobody-will-ever-think-about * day , it was created by the esteemed body of the united states congress . 
  i 'm a former christian and current atheist , and i agree with everything you 've said here except for the 1 % figure . 
  i know you did n't mean it literally , but i think that even for illustrative purposes the truth is probably closer to 25-50 % , depending on how loosely we define the `` faithful . '', 
  `` scientists '' never `` knew '' the world was flat , because that perspective predates what we understand today as `` science . '', 
  haha , i was just making a joke about the idea of a person needing play-doh credentials . 
  ca n't speak for the commenter , but i 'm going to take a guess that what he meant was `` political actors '' and not everyday , human-style leftists . 
  my experience was similar to yours when it came to self-identified left-leaning people . 
  but there were pundits ( christopher hitchens comes to mind ) and politicians typically identified with the left ( hillary clinton comes to mind ) who supported the war , even if they regretted it later . 
  sometimes people ( including me ) do n't pay attention to usernames in context . 
  your first comment spelled things out nicely and even had a reddit-appropriate disclaimer . 
  this comment , if not taken together with the other , appears to be wholly dismissive of the concept . 
  edit : also , i could be wrong , but my understanding has always been that eisenhower ( or a speech writer ) coined the phrase , not just popularized it . 
  possibly . 
  i do n't know the full picture of how the bbc is funded , but i know that it 's at least nominally a publicly funded outlet . 
  so while i do n't doubt there may be some pressure to sensationalize , i * do * doubt that it happens to any significant degree , because sensationalism is generally tied to for-profit news sources who have more to gain from increased readership/viewership than the bbc ( or npr , for that matter ) would . 
  not specifically mentioned in the response , but also important , imo : the absence of a profit motive . 
  same is true for npr . 
  did n't know about this . 
  is there a credible source for the information ? 
  if so , how can they do such a thing with impunity ? 
  this is true , mr. reallyniceguy . 
  i keep trying to explain this to people who only have bad things to say about human sex trafficking , and nobody seems to get it . 
  i do n't understand why people ca n't grasp simple , uncomplicated logic , especially when you 've gone to the trouble of removing relevant facts from the equation !, 
  edit : punctuation . 
  because i wanted to hear you say this , sweetheart !, 
  edit : oh , yeah , and there 's also the fact that i 'm not the only person who reads reddit , and so although it 's a radical idea that would n't occur to good folks like yourself who take what they consider a useless comment and fix it by tying a sandbag around its neck , i still hold out the possibility that such a request may benefit others . 
  i know : pretty fucked up , is n't it ? 
  well , yes , that 's a bias i would n't necessarily excuse , but would actually expect . 
  this is another form of not biting the hand that feeds , i guess , and it certainly does n't deserve to be dismissed . 
  i do n't think it detracts from the bbc 's status as a genuine provider of news , though . 
  the for-profit stuff is in a whole other class , imo . 
  thank you !, 
  i see . 
  well , it could be my fault as easily as that of my country 's shit mainstream media . 
  i know where to find good reporting , but i do n't always look for it . 
  yes , exactly . 
  it 's interesting , because 9/11 was the only `` single event '' ( i say that to contrast it with the cold war , which was similar but different ) i 've lived through where i can remember clearly that for a time there was only one correct opinion to have on the matter . 
  it was relatively brief , but it was real , and an interesting thing to have lived through . 
  i can only guess that the mccarthy era was similar . 
  i imagine saying `` so what if he was a communist '' at the time was roughly the equivalent of saying `` yeah , but this is n't really about islam '' in 2002 . 
  the point is , it 's really easy to forget a `` living '' context like this , so thanks for mentioning it . 
  holy shit . 
  saul of tarsus . 
  mystery solved !, 
  wait , but somebody talked to him , too . 
  eh , it was fun while it lasted . 
  well , i 'm impressed . 
  that mirror is . 
  well , mine would n't photograph so well , i can say that . 
  i wonder if i can get a new mirror on trade . 
  i used to share your opinion . 
  in time , though , i came to the conclusion that retribution is n't among our highest ideals . 
  if we consider the taking of a life to be among the worst crimes ( if not * the * worst ) , i do n't know how society benefits by doing the same thing and calling it `` right in this case . '', 
  i totally sympathize with people who believe in the death penalty , because it 's hard not to see it as just when someone takes an innocent life . 
  i still have the tendency to see it as just when i hear about somebody 's terrible crime . 
  but how can the state defend its moral authority when it says '' * we * will kill you and that 's okay . 
  we will also suffer no repercussions if it is found that we were wrong . 
  but you will have your lights turned off by us permanently if you have made this irreversible error yourself , or if we think you have '' ? 
  i know it 's complicated and all that , but i just think that society should * actually * be better than its criminals instead of being `` the don . '', 
  mine died before i even dissected it . 
  i guess i got cheated . 
  to each his or her own , i suppose . 
  as for me , i think i 'd find pans to be a little . 
  impersonal , i guess . 
  if my hand were forced i 'd probably go with something non-stick , though . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking . 
  my niece used to say `` bronco bama . '', 
  like making a deal with iran and reforming immigration policy ? 
  this is also not the point . 
  obama is not claiming that the stock market 's health is his doing . 
  he 's saying that it 's healthy , and that the dire predictions made by his detractors have n't materialized . 
  if someone says `` a meteor will hit the pope if this guy is elected '' and a meteor does n't hit the pope , and you point this out , you 're not claiming to have saved the pope from a meteor . 
  it 's also not controlled by central banking . 
  it 's an aggregate indicator . 
  you 're absolutely right in the sense that it does n't provide a complete picture . 
  it 's like saying `` this year was the hottest on record '' and you 're sitting in bangor , me saying `` so fucking what ? '', 
  so yeah , a healthy stock market does n't say anything about wages or purchasing power or quality of life or income equality . 
  but you sure as hell do n't want an unhealthy one . 
  and for many other reasons , including market confidence , which is one of the more important ones . 
  so you 're saying gold mates with ruminants ? 
  these are all valid criticisms of obama . 
  good job . 
  now , if you could get the rest of obama 's detractors to also focus on what he 's done as opposed to what they think he stands for , and apply the same criticisms to people on their own team , we might be able to have a meaningful conversation in this country . 
  i do hope you had similarly fact-based insights to offer about bush and his administration . 
  agree with the second part but not the first . 
  they are valid criticisms , even if they have reasonable answers . 
  i think it helps to admit things like this in order to have conversations with opponents in good faith . 
  i think we hang around the same subs because i 've seen you around a lot recently . 
  i disagree with a number of things i 've seen you say , but you 're right here . 
  i would like to see less blind defense and more honest discussion in all of the subs , really . 
  thing is , what people are reacting to here is real . 
  many completely ridiculous criticisms of obama have been made and continue to be made . 
  it 's not a fringe element of so-called conservatives who are making these criticisms . 
  and i would say that more obama opponents than supporters would have trouble admitting that `` obama and republicans agree more than you think . '', 
  well , you do n't have to spend all day on this because i 'm not one of those ignorant douchebags who will run a debate into the ground .
