  it 's an honest assumption to make . 
  most people defend the positions they hold . 
  yeah , involved that way , except we were talking about the decision to fly the flag , which it did n't have anything to do with . 
  but i understand devil 's advocate and all that . 
  cheers . 
  i 've found that it 's easy sometimes , after learning something , to adopt the feeling that you 've always known that thing . 
  or to forget that the knowledge came to you in stages over years . 
  shh . 
  they won the cold war down there and they 're keeping it hush-hush . 
  rumor has it they even switched the seasons around to sow confusion . 
  it 's a very easy trap to fall into . 
  some things can seem really counterintuitive until you understand them -- and then * not * understanding suddenly seems to make no sense . 
  i have to remind myself of it constantly . 
  ironically , since his time there 's been a mildly successful effort to rebrand totalitarianism as an exclusive product of the left , which is itself orwellian . 
  i did n't know it even existed until i came to reddit . 
  now i find people all over the place who do n't even know that nazism was a right-wing movement . 
  the only thing more insidious than doublespeak is doublespeak that works on people who are aware of the concept . 
  i would n't start with the sequel , though . 
  wow , this is what 's known as `` a lot of stuff . '', 
  too much to get into fully here , but i can give you a quick introduction . 
  [ doublespeak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doublespeak ) was the name given in orwell 's book * 1984 * to the phenomenon whereby something is labeled in a way that is intentionally meant to mislead . 
  personally , i 'd also include cases where the person doing the labeling is n't intentionally misleading people , but believes in the truth of the label despite ample evidence to the contrary . 
  a generic example might be a law called the freedom act , which in reality curtails freedom . 
  i ca n't say much for other countries , but in the u.s. doublespeak is really common -- not just in the political realm , but in consumer product labeling and branding , publications , and so on . 
  ( just today i read a particularly brain-dead article in an online blog/publication called * american thinker . 
  now , the left vs. 
  right thing is really touchy . 
  people can be really sensitive about it because it has the effect of grouping people together who sometimes do n't like to be associated with other people or movements , even in a broad category . 
  essentially , though , it 's a simplified [ political spectrum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_spectrum ) that attempts to depict a continuum of political ideologies from one extreme to another . 
  most attempts to depict political preferences or movements like this suffer in one way or another . 
  part of the reason for this is that political sensibilities shift with time and across cultures and societies . 
  another problem is that inevitably there is a political movement that does n't quite fit anywhere on a given model . 
  the biggest mistake i see people make when they discuss the basic left vs. 
  right continuum , however , is that of conflating ideology with forms of government . 
  the left is broadly associated with embracing change and abandoning or granting less importance to traditional ideas , whether they 're about politics , morality , economics , or what have you , whereas the right places more importance on tradition and the status quo with relation to these things . 
  beyond that , though , in the world of politics alone , the left-right continuum has typically been associated with * ideology * and not the form of government used to put the ideas into force . 
  from an ideological standpoint , left vs. 
  right refers to the preferred levels of * equality * people enjoy under any form of government . 
  marxism , for example , is considered to be an example of the extreme left because it calls for a classless society where inequality is essentially eliminated . 
  nazism is considered an example of the extreme right because it divides people rigidly into separate classes that deserve many rights , limited rights , or no rights at all . 
  it is rigid in its categorization of people . 
  it also embraced a number of old , traditional notions about culture , race , and society . 
  ( keep in mind , this is a highly simplified synopsis . ), 
  the point , though , is that it 's the * ideology * that is characterized as belonging to the left or the right , not the structure of the government . 
  the u.s.s.r. and other communist countries that attempted to realize marxist ideology did so by installing autocratic , totalitarian governments , and were responsible for many , many deaths . 
  the reasons for this are a little complicated , but it 's safe to say that generally , human nature appears to resist extreme left-wing ideas such as total equality , and so it took a heavy hand to implement them , and even then the success stories are few and far between . 
  nazi germany , however , used a totalitarian form of government to achieve right-wing ideological goals , and it offers the clearest go-to example of how political ideology is n't * inherently * tied to any particular form of government . 
  when i spoke about `` doublespeak '' relating to this topic , i was referring to efforts that have been made to lump everything totalitarian on the left wing , making the left stand for `` more government , '' with `` freedom '' increasing as you move toward the right , with the extreme being no government , or anarchy . 
  this is a distortion of the way the left-right continuum has been understood by most people for hundreds of years . 
  it has the effect of demonizing the left by creating an association in people 's minds that anyone with left-leaning political sensibilities * wants * some kind of oppressive government -- whereas , in reality , if you * talk * to self-identified left-leaning people , you will find few who actually like the idea of simply granting government power . 
  very few people actually like the idea of an all-powerful government . 
  so when right-wing propagandists put out `` information about the political spectrum , '' the left is over there with examples of movements and governments that 95 % of the people in the world consider horrible . 
  there 's nothing more absurd to anyone who knows history and politics than seeing nazism lumped together with stalinism on the left . 
  and it 's surprising how many people fall for it . 
  i never knew it * existed * until i came to reddit ( i 'm 43 years old ) , and i run into people online now all the time who think this way . 
  ( note to anyone reading this : do n't come to me with that stuff about nazis being national * socialists . 
  * it 's always the first pile of shit that has to be shoveled away , and it 's tiresome after awhile . 
  they were n't socialists . 
  but i have no time to get into that now . ), 
  anyway , i hope this helps somehow . 
  i support the answer supplied by / u/romanosiv , except that i 'd like to point out that , viable or not , there are people who consider themselves right-wing anarchists and people who consider themselves left-wing anarchists . 
  to know the reality we 'd have to see it played out , but frankly , i ca n't see * extreme * left or right versions of anarchy being successful , for the simple fact that extreme versions of anything require enforcement , which negates the whole concept of anarchy , unless you do a whole lot of end-runs to explain it away . 
  the real question is : what does this-or-that person 's * version * of anarchy say about the autonomy and worth of every individual in the society . 
  if we 're talking about a stratified anarchic society , then we 're looking at a right-wing iteration of some kind . 
  if we 're talking , for example , about a marxist `` classless and stateless '' society wherein all people are equal , then we 're on the left . 
  thank you . 
  i appreciate it . 
  it 's a refreshing departure from the drawn-out challenges i 'm forced to entertain in some corners of the internet . 
  [ cough ] includingreddit [ cough ] . 
  i think this is a fair way of putting it , yes . 
  i mean , if anarchy by definition has no central authority , then the * brand * of anarchy is bound to diverge wildly from one corner to the next with every passing day . 
  even political movements that * do * embrace a strong central authority have people within them whose motives and vision are n't lockstep with the mainstream . 
  so yeah , i would expect that in a stateless society , `` mini-authorities '' would emerge based on all kinds of underlying principles . 
  good observation . 
  neither . 
  i 'm saying that totalitarianism is independent of left or right wing ideologies . 
  totalitarianism is a means to an end , and that end can involve principles on either side of the ideological spectrum . 
  thanks on both counts . 
  thanks !, 
  i think you can reasonably assume that he meant male-female partnerships generally . 
  the general public does n't tend to draw upon lessons learned in anthropology class when they consider these things . 
  edit : do n't torture reason , reddit . 
  acknowledging that the conservative notion of `` traditional marriage '' is a thing does n't make you a bigot . 
  claiming that it 's an inherently superior or objectively correct construct might . 
  but everyone here knows what the fuck `` traditional marriage '' means . 
  there 's no need to deconstruct the hell out of it , especially in the context of american politics . 
  edit 2 : guys , do n't be dicks . 
  i know reddit is a cynical place , but it 's not necessary to assume that every contrarian point is an attempt to push some nefarious political position . 
  i can be the left-leaningest , gay-friendliest , most fabulous redditor on earth and still know what a politician means by `` traditional marriage . '', 
  it does n't matter how much truth there is to the idea . 
  it only matters that the idea is recognizable . 
  so , before you start pig-piling my shit , take a look at my comment history , and then stop giving credence to the right-wing complaints that this place is just as intolerant as they 're accused of being . 
  yeah , i 'm not disputing your facts . 
  i 'm simply saying that in the context of american politics , most people know what is meant by the concept , and by the same token , most people will have little knowledge of how the institution has evolved over time . 
  to return to your voting analogy , we can easily remove the concept of barriers to voting and refer to `` traditional voting '' as that thing where people went to drop a ballot in a box . 
  women could n't vote , but voting was voting . 
  i 'm not trying to entrench myself in a position here . 
  i 'm just saying that sometimes reddit goes all academic about stuff that does n't usually call for that level of analysis . 
  i look back in my family tree and i see hundreds of years of men marrying women and then having 2-12 children . 
  for all i know they won each other as prizes at the state fair .
