  i 've found that reasonable people will be reasonable ( and no , we 're not always dealing with reasonable people ) if i use language that is n't condescending . 
  we 're all entitled to our own opinions , but we 're not entitled to our own facts , as they say . 
  and while the second part is true , keeping the first part in mind can be helpful if you want to avoid being dismissed . 
  no problem . 
  i 'm sure each of the publications i mentioned has an online presence , but the amount of free content available is going to vary from one to another . 
  * harper 's * is one of my favorites , but it can be a bit lengthy for today 's standard attention span . 
  still , very good . 
  * harper 's index * ( part of the magazine , and also available online ) is an interesting monthly collection of facts and statistics it bite-size bits . 
  but as statistics , go . 
  you know , they never tell the whole story by themselves . 
  ( but they 're sourced , too . ), 
  good luck !, 
  dude , i do n't know if i 'm on board with all the amir hate , but this comment was funny as hell . 
  good one . 
  sorry , i meant to acknowledge this earlier because you 'd put such effort into the reply . 
  it does indeed make sense to me , although your knowledge of the subject is more specialized than mine . 
  i have nothing to add . 
  i just wanted you to be aware that your words did n't get lost in the void . 
  thanks . 
  right , yeah . 
  i like your version better , though . 
  it is , however , a rudimentary element of historical and contemporary successful ventures in pluralism that disparate appendages of a pluralistic polity accept compulsory remuneration as necessary to the health of the body politic writ large , lest it become fractured and anemic , yea even an object lesson in failure for successive waves of unfortunate progeny to ignore , and thus repeat . 
  your high school had a job ? 
  you know , i 'm not sure how i feel about you coming in here and messing with the image i 've formed of this sub after nearly two years lurking and participating . 
  when i come here i expect to find a fair measure of obstinate jackassery , and you seem to be playing a bit fast and loose with the established norms . 
  please continue doing so , just in case this turns out to be a good thing . 
  i 'm going to give this a try :, 
  the original comment implied that communism was a false flag , i.e. , the u.k. came to eisenhower for help because their oil profits were threatened by iran 's desire for a more equitable cut , but used the buzzword `` communism '' to persuade him , irrespective of that claim 's validity . 
  the response to that implication was that communism was a genuine concern and not just an attempt to secure eisenhower 's help through false pretenses . 
  this is where your reasoning picks up , and it is correct from this point forward in the sense that communism was an `` excuse and a determining factor . '', 
  the problem with your downvoted response is that it misses the original context wherein the u.k. was primarily looking after its oil profits . 
  i hope this helps . 
  first let me say that i agree with your sentiment 100 % . 
  the problem with the reasoning in this context , though , is the familiar one where we apply today 's values and hindsight to logic that was employed generations ago . 
  i 'm sure there are valid reasons for cynicism , but if you take the prevailing political culture of the time at face value , communism was n't viewed at the time ( by democrats or republicans ) as merely a competing ideology . 
  it was seen as an existential threat . 
  and with good reason . 
  while marxism is mainly a predictive model , lenin 's contribution to the ideal ( simplified ) was to * make * communism happen rather than wait for its inevitable unfolding . 
  so , while marxism considered `` worldwide revolution '' the inevitable outcome of capitalism 's collapse , the world had good reason to fear that the u.s.s.r. would export that revolution by force , as they 'd indeed already done within their sphere . 
  i presume you 're familiar with the `` domino theory , '' which at this time was not yet discredited . 
  so , no , given what we know today , our behavior at the time is not something that would seem justified . 
  and even in a contemporary context there were probably valid criticisms that applied . 
  but it 's not a simple enough matter to judge by today 's standards . 
  plot twist : big brother is n't an ominous , brooding figure after all . 
  he 's a dude with a disarming smile and a potato chip in his mouth . 
  to be fair , reddit is a place where you can make a seemingly benign statement and still encounter all kinds of contrarianism and hate . 
  i see your point , but i do n't blame op for making this self-conscious disclaimer . 
  43 , u.s. , and i can hardly imagine a scenario in which i would not shake a person 's hand upon being introduced . 
  also , i got tired of the awkward hesitation that came with greeting and parting with friends and close acquaintances ( yes , i split that hair ) , so today i shake the hand and go in for the bro hug every time . 
  that blog entry points to a number of factors that are contributing to the closure . 
  the author also says that the cafe portion of the business could remain viable , but they 're closing it anyway . 
  i do n't think the closure of a brick-and-mortar book store -- in one of the world 's most expensive cities , no less -- is convincing support of your point . 
  putting that on / u/hoyata21 is like blaming the death of a 400-lb . 
  man on the last hamburger he ate . 
  to what has already been said i would just add that what any given job is `` meant for '' does n't play a role in what actually happens in the economy . 
  perhaps there should be a regulation stipulating that jobs can only be filled by the demographic they are `` meant for . '', 
  the unfortunate reality is that a great many people with minimum wage jobs do in fact support dependents . 
  well , hillary had played a role in drafting articles of impeachment against nixon , so she may have been known to more people than usual , but certainly more in arkansas than anywhere else . 
  people fought and died so we would have the freedom to pimp our moms . 
  supporters of this sub and detractors alike would do well to remember this . 
  there are places in the world where pimping your mom is a punishable offense . 
  and while my 68-year-old mother is n't currently pimpable , i am nevertheless grateful to the people who came before me and spilled their precious blood for my * right * to pimp my mom . 
  count your blessings , people . 
  you took a beating here , but i have to admit this comment busted me up . 
  thanks . 
  aka `` cities '' ? 
  to be fair , i would expect shorter life expectancies in antarctica , and if i lived there i 'd probably do less reading and more jogging in place . 
  another funny thing is that people who use the term `` sjw '' do n't realize how hackneyed the term has already become in its short lifetime . 
  i 'm not saying that the commenter 's choice of language was the best , but due process is required for punitive government action across the board . 
  i ca n't speak to a specific case of a parking violation being vacated on 14th amendment grounds , but the absence of an example does n't mean that due process is n't required . 
  in other words , while your comment that driving is n't a right is correct , that fact is irrelevant here because nobody is making the claim or relying on the premise that it is . 
  right or no right , due process is required . 
  to further bring the idea into focus , i could point out that owning a home is also not a `` right '' in the same sense that driving is not . 
  but that does n't mean that the government may seize your home without due process . 
  now , how loosely the judiciary * interprets * a government action as satisfying this requirement is another matter , and one worth debating . 
  i was gon na call bullshit before i saw that last sentence . 
  well , sure . 
  i have no trouble being civil when things are being discussed in good faith . 
  that said , i disagree . 
  :-) here 's why :, 
  the case you mentioned distinguished another case that the government had lost . 
  the case concerned disability benefits and was distinguished from the other case on the basis of disability benefits ostensibly not being `` critical for survival , '' in contrast to welfare benefits . 
  why the court split the hair that way in particular i 'm not sure . 
  but the point is that it was a pretty fine split on a matter that differs significantly from what we 've been talking about here . 
  most significant , i think , is that there was a process that took account of the necessary factors . 
  benefits were terminated as a result of that process and the man was properly notified . 
  here , we 've been talking about a contracted , non-government agency automatically denying appeals on first review , failing to communicate with affected citizens , creating circumstances where it was nearly impossible to avoid making new violations that required more payment , applying negative consequences when the citizen had already met his obligation , and so on . 
  the case brief i read indicated these three considerations relative to due process :, 
  1 ) the private interest that will be affected by the official action ;, 
  2 ) the risk of an erroneous deprivation of such interest through the procedures used , and the probable value , if any , of additional or substitute procedural safeguards ; and, 
  3 ) the government 's interest , including the function involved and the fiscal and administrative burdens that the additional or substitute procedural requirement would entail . 
  the first is the only one that might consider the fact that driving is n't a right . 
  if the la/xerox parking authority had conducted meaningful reviews , communicated properly , and generally placed an appropriate burden on itself , and then , say , failed to grant hearings , your reasoning might apply ( along with this case ) . 
  but it seems clear that # 2 works wholly in favor of the citizens here , and it would be a real stretch for the government to argue # 3 , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  working the legislature is fine . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  and you and i might choose different methods and be equally unsuccessful . 
  i 'd put my money on the courts here , though . 
  except that all state legislatures do fluffy stuff like that all the time . 
  if a state is going to have an official state * anything , * it 's going to be decided by the legislature .
