  my wife and i were just in seattle and prosser and we were just blown away by the awesomeness of washington . 
  i grew up in new england and will always consider myself a new englander , but i would defect to washington in a heartbeat if i could . 
  sadly , though , it * is * pretty expensive to live out there . 
  but on top of that , i 'm almost 43 and it 's much harder to uproot once you 've become entrenched to a degree . 
  i pretty much have to experience the joy vicariously through people like you . 
  good luck !, 
  we have friends in seattle and prosser , and were just there recently . 
  the drive from the one place to the other was a real highlight of the trip . 
  out here in the east it 's easy to become accustomed to highway driving as a nondescript , mundane experience . 
  i was n't quite prepared for how diverse the scenery was going between those two towns , and how much of a joy it would be to make the drive . 
  this is interesting . 
  the duty -  breach -  etc. 
  business is for negligent torts , right ? 
  so it 's hard to imagine how loss of consortium could be a standalone cause of action . 
  who has a duty to maintain my consortium ? 
  it makes sense to me as an element of damages for both intentional and negligent torts , but i 'm not sure how it would work as a first-line cause of action . 
  there are already a ton of comments here , but i just wanted to weigh in on the tone you took with the parent comment . 
  i mean , yeah , there 's a hint of misconception in the comment , but nothing too egregious for someone without a legal education or who does n't work with the subject matter . 
  `` come out in court '' could be fine-tuned to `` come out in the process '' and be completely accurate . 
  and the business of changing behavior is n't unreasonable at all . 
  yes , the purpose of suing is to be compensated . 
  that 's the plaintiff 's motivation . 
  when entities are successfully sued , however , behavior often changes so that * people can avoid being sued going forward * . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with someone -- * especially someone who is not the plaintiff ** -- hoping that behavior will change as a result of a lawsuit . 
  the point about trial vs. settling is a misconception of sorts , but it 's not completely wrong , either . 
  neither you nor i know what wal-mart will bring in its defense . 
  but , even granting your point , would it have been too painful to offer a more polite response ? 
  your criticism of the comment made by / u/nonviolentwar is a much greater offense than his or her lay understanding of the legal process , as far as i 'm concerned , because it is more condescending than it is helpful , and , insofar as it dismisses a completely legitimate concern made by an observer , it is also wrong . 
  and smugness has an even shittier stink than normal when it 's wrong . 
  he was right about some things , but his tone was shitty and condescending . 
  he was also wrong about a major point , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  namely , that while compensation is indeed a plaintiff 's motivation for suing , there is often a commensurate change in behavior that accompanies a successful suit , and there is absolutely nothing wrong with an observer hoping to see that change take place . 
  you 're taking a lot of crap for a completely valid point . 
  there is certainly a dominant demographic/ethos on this site , and i think your choice of the falling of the berlin wall as a benchmark is a fair one to make . 
  i think the commenter 's tone was kinda shitty in any context , but especially so when one considers that many redditors have n't reached a point in their lives where it should be assumed that they have a nuanced understanding of civil legal process . 
  i see , yes . 
  it was the first paragraph that kinda set me off a bit , and you 've changed it since i started painstakingly tapping letter for letter on my tablet . 
  thanks for doing that . 
  and sorry if * my * tone was shitty . 
  i was afraid of this . 
  yeah , there 's a legal custody agreement , and both parties are stretched to the limit financially from the legal costs of obtaining it . 
  my brother in particular ( whose circumstances i know better , of course ) is many thousands in debt . 
  my hope was that there would be some mechanism for handling situations like this without going the full-court route . 
  i understand why it 's necessary to comply , but it 's really unfortunate when an acute situation crops up and neither the time nor the financial means exist to deal with it properly . 
  no quarrel with this . 
  i 've made errors about a person 's tone on reddit in the past . 
  to be fair , though , the user referenced originally had an opening paragraph berating redditors for having an understanding of the legal process based on popular entertainment . 
  it was hard to miss the condescension . 
  he has since edited the comment and acknowledged as much to me , so i 'm not sure which version you saw , but good on him in any case . 
  and you 're absolutely right to be skeptical whether a lawsuit would change behavior in this case . 
  my point was just that such a thing can and does happen when circumstances are right , and that it 's not an egregious misunderstanding of the legal system to hope that it does here . 
  i think you 're correct in your evaluation of things as they would likely play out , though . 
  well , right . 
  i guess i either was n't clear myself , or did n't clearly follow the thread . 
  i was assuming the context was negligent torts . 
  i can see how it would work for an intentional tort , though . 
  well , since you know this , did you at least return the chickens ? 
   ps : this is my first discussion on / r/politicaldiscussion and if this level of analysis consistently presents itself then color me impressed . 
  i can say that from my perspective , at least , it does not . 
  i am rather blown away by the level of this exchange , frankly . 
  i have a master 's in political science ( earned in the 90s , mind you , and not with a focus on international relations or economics ) , and you guys are slinging some stuff here that falls at and beyond the edge of my understanding . 
  good stuff does indeed happen here , but be prepared for discussions that are more often on the government = good vs. government = bad level . 
   btw , this is the kind of thing i 'd usually post on / r/lesscredibledefense or / r/geopolitics . 
  traditionally my experience on / r/politicaldiscussion has involved alternating between arguing why libertarianism is fine in theory but impractical at the extremes argued by fundamentalists on the one hand , and on the other , trying to argue that unions are not an absolutely altruistic construct with no unfortunate side-effects , and that deficit spending actually can have negative consequences . 
  ah , i should have looked here before replying above . 
  yeah , this is what happens here on a good day , in my experience . 
  when i first came here i expected to encounter some partisan posturing , but instead ended up going down several rabbit holes trying to establish a * basis * for discussion . 
  i know it 's not always like that , but what happened in this exchange is orders of magnitude above what i 'm accustomed to seeing here . 
  try the southwest . 
  i went there for the first time not long ago and it was a truly different experience of heat than anything i 'd experienced in the northeast . 
  i have been a defender of hulu plus for some time now , and i still say that people are comparing apples to oranges when they frame things in terms of netflix vs. hulu , but i 'll say that hulu has disappointed me recently . 
  i 'm especially annoyed by the way they pull content from time to time . 
  they used to have every episode of snl and now most of that is gone , for example . 
  they had key and peele , and now that 's gone too . 
  i believe they pulled the office as well . 
  one thing i recently found out that really pissed me of is that snl sketches are often cut from the hulu version because of licensed music . 
  i used to wonder why some episodes did n't have a monologue , and now i know it 's more than likely for this reason . 
  how were they supposed to fuck ? 
  no , sheep are in a different family altogether . 
   it has a family of its own , which is within the greater flute family . 
  does this not confirm the point made by the two commenters above ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  do n't soldiers use u.s.-based apo addresses ? 
  they should never have to select `` afghanistan '' in a scroll-down menu , right ? 
  not me . 
  i use cesium . 
  fuck that crystal junk . 
  mantis shrimp have 12 cones or something like that . 
  imagine how they perceive color . 
  great video , thanks !, 
  i do n't either . 
  people say my dots are white and i take their word for it because i know they voted for mitt romney . 
  yeah , i hate when people do that and i have to go to all the trouble of ignoring it if it bothers me so much . 
  and then some other jerk comes along and answers the question so that other people who do n't know can see it answered right there in the thread instead of having to google it themselves . 
  i mean , people can be such assholes . 
   ( maybe that 's also because i 'm use to have taxes includet everywhere ) . 
  this is the real issue . 
  it 's cultural . 
  i 'm an american who has lived in germany , and i do n't `` like '' throwing a bunch of money on top of a bill that is already high enough , but i do it because that 's how it 's done here , and it makes just as much sense to me as anything else because i grew up here . 
  there are plenty of arguments in favor of the practice that make sense to me as well .
