  there was nowhere near enough time to make sense of all the stuff there that made the city unique . 
  we went to this restaurant where they fed us piles of meat for pennies . 
  there were guys there entertaining with violins . 
  somehow they found out i was american and they started playing american songs . 
  it was so cool . 
  also , your language is outrageously difficult to learn , and your english is great . 
  that would be counter to our interests here . 
  a destabilized mexico only drives more mexicans to the border . 
  what benefit do you think the u.s. receives from keeping mexico destabilized ? 
  i 've got an even better one : we could support economic development in mexico instead of making it easier for american corporations to profit from cheap labor there . 
  mexicans with opportunities at home do n't want to leave in the first place . 
  not an uncommon conclusion among the paranoid . 
  the `` goals of this administration '' with regard to the second amendment are n't `` clear '' at all , as it has neither stated any nor done anything to change that amendment . 
  when obama won the first election people went out and bought guns out of fear . 
  six years later , people can still buy those guns . 
  i do n't care if you want to criticize the obama administration . 
  i have plenty of criticisms of my own . 
  but when you do so , try to focus on what they actually do , and not on what some people with a paranoid fixation on a single issue * think * the administration * wants * to do . 
  cheap labor does n't depend on being destabilized . 
  we want a stable mexico just as much as we want cheap labor . 
  unpredictability contributes to poor market performance . 
  actually , i met my wife in a border town in west germany while i was a soldier in the u.s. army , so fuck you . 
  well i have no disagreement with that . 
  of course that would need to happen . 
   the clues are plentiful for those willing to see . 
  when the clues you 're talking about are the only clues you 're looking for , they 'll be plentiful indeed . 
  try looking for clues that point to conclusions other than those you 've already made . 
  no , it does n't , because, 
  a ) it has n't happened to the ones that are currently in use , and, 
  b ) even if it were a foregone conclusion that it would , the statement itself is rather meaningless in almost any context . 
  like i said , the human body has a 100 % failure rate by the same logic . 
  does that mean that human bodies are therefore shit , or in some other way deserving of being dismissed as a `` failed experiment '' ? 
  of course not . 
  dicks have a 100 % failure rate too , so should we stop using them to fuck ? 
  fiat currency has a 100 % failure rate the same way that everything with the exception of perhaps hydrogen has a 100 % failure rate . 
  it 's a meaningless thing to say . 
  please dispense with the exasperated tutor routine . 
  if you have problems explaining things to `` people such as myself , '' which in this case means a middle-aged man with a postgraduate education , then by all means i encourage you to continue your efforts to improve . 
   ask the germans , zimbabwe , usa , every country in the world that has ever used fiat , oh wait , that would be pretty much every country , 
  yes , and it 's telling that they replaced the failed currencies with * other * fiat currencies . 
  because the failures were n't an inherent feature of the fiat * concept , * but rather the influences tied to those currencies . 
  and why do you have such a difficult time with analogies ? 
  to say `` fiat currencies have a 100 % failure rate '' is * analogous * to the statement that `` the human body has a 100 % failure rate . '', 
  i do n't have to separate `` humans from fiat , '' whatever the fuck that means , because i never tied the two together except in the form of an analogy . 
  how about this : boats have a 100 % failure rate . 
  there you go . 
  no humans were harmed in this analogy . 
  it implies nothing whatsoever about what countries want . 
  it 's a statement about the usefulness of your claim that `` fiat currency has a 100 % failure rate . '', 
  as i pointed out elsewhere , boats also have a 100 % failure rate . 
  you might say `` well , that 's a rather meaningless thing to point out . '', 
  and if you did , you 'd be correct . 
  and i 'd feel a little silly at that point to say in response `` this implies that boat owners do n't care about their boats , '' because it does nothing of the kind . 
  boat owners can care about their boats * and * find the statement that `` boats have a 100 % failure rate '' meaningless because the two things are n't mutually exclusive . 
  a more useful thing to discuss would be the factors that influence the serviceability of boats and how they can be controlled . 
  you might want to focus on flying if you do n't like boats . 
  that 's fine . 
  but keep in mind that airplanes did n't put boats out of business . 
  and they , too , have a 100 % failure rate . 
  i never said that fiat currencies did n't fail . 
  i said that using the statement that they have a 100 % failure rate is meaningless as an indictment of the concept . 
  so no , i did n't `` realize i was wrong '' because i was n't wrong and never contradicted myself . 
  i can see now that your difficulty is n't limited to explaining things . 
  this is where my train stops . 
  good luck !, 
  there are exceptions of course , but generally , reading comprehension is a prerequisite for earning my trust on more complex matters , such as the world economy . 
  why i did n't think of the `` cockblock , '' i 'll never know . 
  or should it be the cockchain ? 
  either way , this is good for my penis . 
  yeah , it 's difficult to figure out which it is sometimes . 
  it 's a phenomenon i 've encountered * mostly * in debates with libertarians and self-identified conservatives . 
  although one time i got involved in a completely unexpected and protracted debate with someone over the question of whether abstinence is 100 % effective . 
  i said that while abstinence is something people consistently fail to practice , if it * is * practiced it 's 100 % effective , all politics aside . 
  abstinence * education * may be complete shit , but abstinence itself works every time . 
  could i get something like `` oh , right , i see your point '' out of the guy ? 
  not if his very life depended on it . 
  and that 's the thing about internet forums , i think . 
  sometimes i get the impression that people see commonsense concessions as tantamount to serving your own nuts up on a platter . 
  i like to believe this happens when people have lost a certain amount of confidence in their own arguments . 
  it 's their version the tony montana finish . 
  i say this mainly because i personally have no trouble making concessions in an argument , and that , in turn , is because i think that most of my core positions on things can be justified well enough to survive concessions on simple factual matters . 
  no ideology , party , or policy is impervious to criticism , after all . 
  but really , i do n't know what causes people to behave like this guy did , outside of a genuine inability to comprehend . 
  fair enough , i think . 
  the crux of my argument concerned the usefulness of that statement as an argument against fiat currencies , though . 
  the question of the statement 's accuracy is a matter of semantics and definitions , as your own effort to define the matter clearly indicates . 
  my only counterpoint to your statement is a question to which i do not have a complete answer , namely : have fiat currencies historically failed because they are fiat currencies ? 
  or are their failures tied to the failures of the governments that backed them ? 
  i 'm just saying . 
  you know , it 's like government itself : they 've all historically failed too , but * most * of us do n't go around using that as an argument for getting rid of government . 
  most of us look at past government failures and try to equip new governments with tools that can mitigate factors that led to those failures . 
  i think we 've been doing this with successive financial systems as well . 
  so the point i 'm making is that the 100 % failure rate of fiat currency is either debatable on its face or or a meaningless point if accepted as fact . 
  well this raises another question for me . 
  and it * is * a question , not a feigned one aimed at backing you into a corner . 
  anyway , would n't it be fair to compare purchasing power of those ounces of silver then to now , as well as typical earnings ? 
  i mean , if prices * and * wages have both increased , is n't that 95.5 % loss of value moot , or at least far less meaningful than what the figure suggests ? 
   also the idea that bitcoin is not `` fiat '' is hilarious . 
  it is absolutely a fiat currency , it 's just that its value is derived from its ability to purchase illegal goods relatively anonymously , and instead of a central banking authority they have miners and the blockchain . 
  this is a point that seems so obvious to me after reading it , i wonder why it did n't occur to me right away .
