  he 's 42 years old today , so it should have happened by now if it was gon na happen at all . 
  not to worry . 
  it 's just such a clich\u00e9 thing for someone who is already awkward and nerdy to do . 
  i figure the same thing . 
  but we were ignorant kids who did n't consider the factors he could n't change . 
  nothing . 
  but we were ignorant kids and he was `` considered '' weird . 
  probably true , but that did n't stop kids from considering him weird . 
  true enough , as a lot of people have pointed out . 
  but we were kids and kids are both ignorant and cruel . 
  he was still a little weird aside from the economic stuff , but it 's hard to explain in a short space . 
  anyway , sad as it is , that was our reality those 25-odd years ago . 
  this is interesting . 
  that 's exactly what they said about my brother after he was born 2 months premature in the 70s . 
  to this day he walks slightly funny because one foot is turned in a little . 
  you 're the only other person i 've heard mention that particular diagnosis and symptom together . 
  nope . 
  it was just mac . 
  are you close to middle age and from connecticut ? 
  well , at least we know people like their macs cold . 
  yes . 
  it is n't quite so bad on the menu screens , but is quite distracting during the songs . 
  stories like this should divulge what the lawyer 's cut of the so-called restitution is . 
  we called a friend of ours `` brown boy . '', 
  his last name was rodriguez but he did n't look hispanic -- more polynesian or something . 
  thanks . 
  thank you . 
  `` i work with retards . '', 
  - there 's something about mary, 
  several commenters are only mostly right . 
  state laws vary , first of all . 
  credit card debt is `` unsecured debt '' and therefore is usually last in line for satisfaction during the period an estate is open . 
  the executor is responsible for settling debts , usually according to a hierarchy that starts with secure debts such as cars , mortgages , etc. 
  then comes administrative costs and funeral expenses and taxes and so on , and only then do creditors for unsecured debt have a shot . 
  they usually have to notify the executor within a certain timeframe . 
  in any case , debts are not automatically excused upon someone 's death . 
  you know you 're getting old when someone does a til about something you remember from the news like it was yesterday . 
  looks great !, 
  just out of curiosity , have you ever tried running your wort * through * an immersion chiller , with the chiller in an ice bath ? 
  it has to be constantly agitated , but i can go from boiling to pitching temp with one run . 
  it started with a misunderstanding of how immersion chillers work . 
  now i know i do it `` wrong '' but continue the practice anyway because it 's so effective . 
  that 's something i noticed about the way teenagers were when i was also one , compared to my kids and their friends when * they * were . 
  i suppose if it 's ridiculed at all today , the focus has shifted from * whether * you do , to * how * . 
  til that i 'm really getting older because society has fundamentally changed since a time that feels recent to me . 
  maybe that should be the test . 
  it 's that mental rite of passage to middle age . 
  we were double-hit with this problem . 
  we had kids when we were pretty young compared to other people in our neighborhood , so there was a 10-15 year difference between us and parents in our stage of life . 
  when the kids grew up , we became free and flexible , but people our age all had kids by then , and people with our level of freedom were 20 years younger and not interested in hanging out with old farts like us . 
  good thing we always enjoyed each other 's company . 
  brewer with mid-level experience here . 
  i 've gone the cheap route and ended up adding to it and replacing certain components . 
  but that 's because i enjoyed it and wanted to step up . 
  still , my opinion regarding a starting setup is that you should start with the following :, 
  1 ) a five-gallon primary fermenter with lid and grommet for an airlock . 
  2 ) a brew pot that can accommodate 7-8 gallons . 
  with this , you could comfortably do full-volume boils for five gallon batches , or 10 gallon batches if you add water after the final boil . 
  3 ) a large stirring spoon . 
  4 ) a few reusable hop bags and one reusable grain bag . 
  5 ) a reliable cooking thermometer , ideally a digital one with a probe connected to the main body with a lead several feet long . 
  6 ) a bottling bucket with a spigot on the bottom . 
  7 ) a wort chiller . 
  the immersion type is cheapest and can be very effective whether you use it properly ( i.e. , by submerging it in the boiled wort and running cold water through it ) or in an unorthodox way ( i.e. , putting it in an ice bath and constantly agitating it as you run the boiled wort * through * it ) . 
  ( although you * can * brew beer without one , it adds precision to the process . ), 
  9 ) proper hoses to connect all this stuff . 
  10 ) a carboy . 
  ( again , a recommendation . 
  it 's just a good way to do a secondary fermentation . ), 
  11 ) all the little stuff , like bottle caps , bottles , a corny keg , a good sanitizer . 
  12 ) an auto-siphon apparatus . 
  ( also not strictly necessary , but they 're not expensive and they eliminate a significant annoyance associated with regular siphoning . ), 
  13 ) a bottle-filling tip . 
  14 ) a capper . 
  i 've abandoned my two-hand capper in favor of a bench-top model . 
  i hope i have n't missed anything . 
  you can forego the optional stuff for the first runs if you want . 
  beerdrinkingreg 's suggestion of watching/participating before committing is a good one , too . 
  if you have any questions , feel free to pm . 
  edit : spaced things out for better readability . 
  edit 2 : sorry , missed your original point . 
  [ this kit ] ( http://www.midwestsupplies.com/brewing-starter-kit-1.html ) comes pretty close to having what i mentioned above . 
  good luck !, 
  thanks !, 
  your comment is quite helpful . 
  perhaps i 'll look into an ic with more coils than the one i have . 
  maybe stainless . 
  i 'd still like to get the wort to the fermenter by a means other than dumping , though , so a pump of some kind may still be in order . 
  no , my kettle does n't have a port . 
  i 've given some thought to putting one in myself , though . 
  thanks for the links . 
  i may end up with something from jaded . 
  that 's pretty good !, 
  i have a lot to consider now . 
  you 're right . 
  i referred to it that way probably because i 've seen them marketed `` for '' five gallon batches . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  well at my age it 's easy to miss the memo . 
  unless everyone decides to migrate to r/selfies . 
  someplace , somewhere , will put `` fried rings '' on their menu .
