  if you 're going to say `` your everyday , '' then it should read `` your everyday life . '', 
  you could also say `` your every day , '' but not `` your every day life . '', 
  `` everyday '' is an adjective used to describe commonplace , routine things , i.e. , * my everyday clothes . 
  * `` every day '' is used when you are referring to things that happen on a daily basis , i.e. , * i see this happen every day . 
  i see . 
  thanks !, 
  what many people forget when they advocate investing over paying a little extra on a mortgage is that * many , many * people do n't end up paying on that mortgage for its entire lifespan , and amortization throws that calculation off completely . 
  yes , if you have a 3.5 % mortgage * and * you do n't refinance , move , or otherwise reset the clock on your borrowing , then an extra 50 bucks per month is better spent on a smart investment fund . 
  * but , * as everyone is shown when they take out a mortgage , the amortization schedule applies a * large * portion of your monthly payment toward interest in the first 8-12-ish years of the life of the mortgage . 
  so applying more money to principal during these years would be a * much * better use of a few extra bucks than a typical investment if you end up doing what most people do at one point or another , which is move or refinance . 
  there are caveats and exceptions , of course , but my main point is that one should never forget the amortization schedule and the fact that a lot of money is being dumped into interest in those first few years . 
  ah , thanks !, 
  do any of these groups collect data on gun violence/accidents/etc . 
  on a national scale ? 
  it must be pretty bad out there . 
  my editors used to praise me all the time for my `` clean copy , '' and yet i 'd have a doc full of flags in front of me . 
  ( in fairness , frequently the same type of flag applied in multiple places , but still . ), 
  it made me wonder what the copy looked like from the other members of the team . 
  reminds me of something vonnegut said on the subject : there are `` swoopers '' and there are `` bashers . '', 
  the swoopers put everything on the table and then set about fixing it up ( or rely on editors ? ) . 
  the bashers agonize over each sentence they pound out . 
  to the extent that his description is accurate , i 'm a basher of the first order , and my editors apparently appreciated the fact . 
  from a comment i made above :, 
   reminds me of something vonnegut said on the subject : there are `` swoopers '' and there are `` bashers . '', 
  the swoopers put everything on the table and then set about fixing it up ( or rely on editors ? ) . 
  the bashers agonize over each sentence they pound out . 
  you must be a swooper . 
  i 'm a basher for sure . 
  most of the writing instruction i 've received encourages your approach : get it out now , fix it later . 
  i work that way occasionally , but usually i find myself spending more time mapping out my direction and then bash , bash , bashing one sentence at a time . 
  holy crap , another little reddit oasis !, 
  thank you !, 
  ( i also recently discovered / r/redditforgrownups . 
  suits me cause i 'm 44 . :-), 
  after watching the whole ellen pao thing unfold , it would n't surprise me in the least to find people here who would be unsatisfied with anything short of seeing you skinned alive . 
  and then reddit would release the data and half of the people screaming for blood would turn away silently and pretend they were n't part of the mob , and the other half would claim to be vindicated no matter how few examples of the misbehavior came to light . 
  and then , of course , some would insist that the entire drama was scripted from start to finish to drum up traffic for increased ad revenue . 
  whatever opprobrium you earned for manipulating the system , you 've made up for many times over through the patience you 've shown dealing with some of this site 's most insufferable tools . 
  not sure if you 're talking about the so-called `` mass exodus , '' the `` blackout , '' or something else entirely , but . 
  loads of people opened accounts at voat.co , where i guess they expected to find some kind of land of digital milk and honey , where literally no one would be censored for any reason . 
  many of those same people appear to have maintained their reddit accounts , their utter disappointment with the site notwithstanding . 
  i 'm sure i 'm getting some events out of order , but the voat servers could n't handle the capacity and that had to be fixed , and then the hosting company booted them because of content that either * actually * went contrary to german law or walked the line so closely that they were n't willing to take the risk . 
  solution ? 
  banning certain communities . 
  the irony was just too entertaining to describe in human language . 
  i do n't know what 's happened there since . 
  the `` blackout '' happened immediately after victoria was fired , and was unrelated to the whole `` censorship '' issue , although many , many people conflated the two . 
  a significant number of high-profile subreddits went private , somewhat in protest against victoria 's firing , but really as a means for mods to communicate to admins their frustration with unfulfilled promises , lack of support and proper tools , being taken for granted , and related issues . 
  it lasted -- i really ca n't remember too well -- a day or two , maybe , for most of the subs that participated , and things went more or less back to normal when admins acknowledged their shortcomings and mistakes , and promised to provide better support , this time with specific timelines . 
  now after typing all of this , i hope i did n't misunderstand your question completely !, 
  i think it 's like having nixon ( or even clinton ? ), 
  do a weekly column or a guest speaking engagement . 
  he did his bad thing , got his ass handed to him for it , and is still well known ( and among many , still popular ) . 
  i 'd feel differently , i 'm pretty sure , if we were talking about the quickmeme guy who became a mod on / r/adviceanimals and used reddit 's modding authority to drive traffic to his own website , thereby abusing the system directly for personal financial gain , to the detriment of others . 
  also , frankly , my opinion on the matter is about as important to me as the relative merits of a meatball sub versus a chicken cheesesteak . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  they 're saying `` here 's a guy who got really popular and then got slammed for breaking the rules , '' not `` here 's a guy who embezzled $ 250,000 while he worked for us . 
  let 's have a round of applause for . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  so i * did * kinda miss the mark completely . 
  well it was good typing practice , anyway . 
  my best guess to your real question is that the admins ' response to the first blackout was effective enough to take the steam out of a `` movement '' that calls for redoing something that had just been done and which resulted in the biggest grievances being * resolved . 
  kinda reminds me of that key & peele sketch where they have the guy whose turn it is to speak * after * mlk 's `` i have a dream '' speech . 
  you know , this is actually a refreshing departure from the stuff out there that puts all totalitarianism on the left , with `` freedom '' increasing as you travel rightward . 
  i feel like shaking the hand of the guy who made this . 
  i find knallerfrauen with martina hill absolutely hilarious . 
  it 's sketch comedy and is often very physical , which lightens the burden of language expertise for `` getting it '' while still giving you exposure to the language and how common phrases are used in various situations . 
  there are three seasons , and they 're sold as a boxed set pretty cheap at amazon.de . 
  it 's one of the few shows i 've actually ordered from germany . 
  ( beware of region and pal issues . ), 
  you can check some of it out with english subtitles on youtube . 
  ( no english subtitles on the dvds , though . ), 
  edit : tried to find a good youtube link for an example , but they 're blocked in the u.s. . you can still view them through a vpn if you want , though . 
  i do n't have mine set up on my phone yet . 
  because of your use of `` in which '' in your opening sentence , your ensuing period interrupts the expected continuity of the sentence . 
  as written , you could properly eliminate that period and the ellipsis inside the quote that follows , using the original capitalization in both the first and second cases ( and of course adding proper punctuation at the end of the sentence . 
  if you eliminate your `` in which , '' and ended your opening sentence as you have , then you should bracket and capitalize the `` t '' in the beginning ( eliminating the unnecessary ellipsis here as well ) , and you could leave the `` a '' capitalized as it originally was . 
  hope this helps !, 
  sony used to make a digital camera that used a single floppy disk as its storage medium . 
  bzz , bzz , bzz *, 
  whatever its faults , at least essa provides necessary flexibility for states . 
  i mean , one of the `` problematic '' aspects of nclb is that it imposed serious consequences on school districts for failing to meet benchmarks that were statistically impossible to achieve . 
  this led not only to curricula getting bastardized to death in the effort to meet or at least * approach * these benchmarks ( which in turn meant ignoring very important parts of what constitutes a truly well-rounded education ) , but also to a variety of shenanigans aimed at achieving the * appearance * of compliance without making any real difference ( other than de-emphasizing or eliminating programs that were n't part of assessing compliance ) . 
  no problem !, 
  exactly . 
  one hundred percent is a statistically impossible goal to achieve . 
  and frankly , it 's not even a noble goal . 
  people bring different talents into the world from those that are tested for state-level academic proficiency . 
  but the real point is that 100 % figure . 
  it 's insane . 
  how it ever made it through the legislative process baffles me . 
  assuming you mean that sensible national standards should be upheld , i totally agree . 
  the problem is that somehow , supposedly intelligent people who are responsible for establishing these standards thought that 100 % would be a reasonable benchmark for academic achievement . 
  it 's so patently absurd , it should n't have made it out of committee . 
  it should n't have been * proposed * in committee . 
  clever captchas . 
  show a picture of a floppy disk and prompt with :, 
   this photo depicts a :, 
   a ) storage medium, 
   b ) 3-d save icon,
