  have some decent music and ambient lighting . 
  i mean , shit , we 're the richest country in the world , and leds are cheap . 
  judges could rate the arrest on a scale of 1-10 . 
  we could have annual awards shows . 
  jesus , i think we have something here . 
  edit : * somebody * lacks the can-do attitude . 
  how about . 
  yeah , the expression is a little old , but then again so am i. 
  yeah , i do n't think anyone will really mistake your comment for anything like that . 
  it just struck me as a funny expression to apply in this context . 
  did n't say anything about slowing the pace of innovation . 
  demanding more of entities that benefit from us does n't have to equate to that . 
  it 's about using the leverage we have as opposed to aquiescing to every demand . 
   you seem to be making an irrelevant language point . 
  there is canon law and civil law . 
  civil law deals with the secular , they are secular laws . 
  well , i think it was relevant in context . 
  the issue concerned a misunderstanding of the term `` secularism , '' so i made a point of distinguishing the laws from the entity from which they are issued . 
  for example , i think it 's arguable that traffic laws issued in a theocracy are not secular laws . 
   nope , the 1st has two prongs . 
  as i see it these `` religious freedom '' laws violate the establishment clause, 
  no quarrel with this . 
   or the religious freedom laws . 
  these issues are not being decided on constitutional grounds , they are deal with the religious freedom restoration act . 
  also no quarrel with this * in the specific case of the laws concerned here . 
  * my comments addressed the issue broadly . 
   not really . 
  the law ca n't target a religion or its observances . 
  but it ca n't establish it either . 
  so it should ignore it . 
  if a law has a valid secular purpose then it is valid . 
  read up on the * lemon test * . 
  it is valid , but exceptions are made when free exercise claims are weighed against state interests . 
  i 'll read up on the test , but i 'm on mobile at the moment and ca n't do it right away . 
  try to understand my points in the context of explaining the meaning of secularism . 
  i did n't give much attention to detail outside of that context . 
  you might get longer lives , less infant mortality , broader access to education , more leisure time , broader access to health care , fewer bankruptcies , better consumer protection , better oversight , less civil unrest , a broader consumer base , a bigger talent pool , and ... 
  wait . 
  are you suggesting that innovation is solely within the purview of multinational corporations ? 
  your assumption that corporations will use capital for innovation is no better than my assumption that the public would apply it productively . 
  in fact , the latter case is probably easier to ensure because funds can be released on a contingent basis . 
  look , i apologize if you 're commenting in earnest and i 'm misunderstanding your purpose , but your remarks strike me as being driven by ideological concerns . 
  i see no reason why requiring profitable business to contribute to public good equates ipso facto to an innovation deficit that threatens the world order . 
  i 'm sure there are particular cases where applications of this idea may result in better or worse outcomes , but it 's rather outrageous to suggest that in all cases innovation would suffer . 
  it is already being done to great effect in some places , so this is not a purely philosophical matter . 
  the notion that demanding contributions from business is inherently detrimental is demonstrably untrue . 
  and i do n't have time for an ideological argument at the moment . 
  it was his first . 
  published in 1951 iirc . 
  thank you for clarifying . 
  it pays to get on the same page before getting bent out of shape . 
  we are indeed talking about two different things . 
  no , i do n't believe that it 's wise to artificially prop up dead or dying technologies . 
  my original comment ( if i have n't missed any important details . 
  i ca n't see it at the moment ) was addressing the `` ca n't control economics '' piece particularly . 
  i believe you implied something along the lines of economics being outside the scope of human control , and my point was simply that while the economy indeed has a life of its own ( so to speak ) , public policy can mitigate some of the undesirable effects of certain trends . 
  i was saying that we do n't have to throw up our hands and shrug . 
  that 's really the extent of it . 
  sorry for any confusion . 
  edit : at the time i commented , too , there were other comments more immediately visible that suggested a more obtuse version of what i interpreted yours as saying . 
  okay , i 'm not going to provide the entire context for you because it 's there for you to read if you like . 
  the short answer is that nothing here is dealing with straw . 
  the top comment made this story into one about `` secularism vs. religion '' and that is not what it is . 
  i made a friendly comment explaining that that choice of phrasing is incorrect , and pointed out that `` secularism '' is not what many of the people in this thread seem to think it is . 
  hundreds of people piled support onto this misunderstanding of the term and the issue concerned in the article . 
  i am an atheist who supports separation of church and state as much as anybody else . 
  what seems to separate me from many of the people in this thread is my understanding that secularism is neutral toward religion -- not anti-religion -- especially in a society that guarantees the civil right of free exercise . 
  as i 've said elsewhere in this thread , secularism is the hero in this story , not the victim . 
  it 's not nitpicky . 
  it 's not minor . 
  it 's fundamental to understanding how a secular civil society functions . 
  as i 've also pointed out elsewhere in this thread , we can certainly have a discussion about whether free exercise is a right we want people to have , but let 's be honest about the fact that that 's what we 're debating . 
  in a society that * does * guarantee free exercise , civil laws will have to be weighed against free exercise claims . 
  sometimes they will win and sometimes they will lose . 
  this is not an affront to secularism . 
  i think it 's silly , but i ca n't say i would n't do the same if it meant earning hundreds to thousands per hour . 
  edit : wow , okay . 
  let me try again . 
  * i think it 's 100 % silly to protect the thing you make money with , even if it 's a lot of money . 
  did i mention that this bitch is crazy ? 
  i also think that people are either 100 % sane or 100 % nuts . 
  there 's no in-between . 
  we 're all special because we would never in a million years go out of our way to protect a source of easy money . 
  we 're better than that !, 
  i hope i have atoned for my sin . 
  that sounds pretty cool . 
  i 'll have to check that out . 
  for the iss i subscribe to `` spot the station '' alerts from nasa . 
  i ca n't imagine how difficult it is to get good video of it , though . 
  i could n't even keep it in view with binoculars . 
  i think we 've discovered where / r/space dovetails with / r/fifthworldproblems . 
  i think the clitoral hood is the most compelling argument for vaginal imagery in this painting . 
  now , what the artist is trying to * say * with that is another matter . 
  but to say that this is `` just an owl '' is to ignore some things about it that strongly suggest otherwise . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b7vi3nz.jpg ) a picture of some dolphins , guys . 
  thanks !, 
  i was n't talking about any particular law . 
  you are confusing this particular case with the general principle . 
  forget * this * law and * this * issue for a moment , and please do n't come back to me saying that that 's what was addressed in the comments i referred to earlier , because it is not . 
  the issue concerns what is meant by `` secularism . '',
