  but actually they were failing me even before netflix entered the scene , because i always thought the late fees were bullshit ( at least as they were structured ) . 
  so really , it 's a half-full/half-empty thing . 
  netflix saved the day more than blockbuster ruined it . 
  an example of what i believe people are referring to with regard to putting `` profits over people '' might include channel bundling , where customers who only want one channel are forced to buy access to three . 
  or cutting quality to save on costs , even if profit margins are high . 
  or making a cheap product sexy through clever and aggressive marketing , which is essentially taking advantage of natural human weaknesses . 
  stuff like that . 
  nah , i 'm thinking one thesaurus . 
  i think this is a fair criticism . 
  the u.s. has no shortage of people who believe in its exceptionalism , but the reasons for this have little if anything to do with our inherent characteristics . 
  many people on your side of the atlantic criticize us for the things we say and the attitudes we have , and those things are often worthy of criticism , to be fair . 
  but the truth is that the behavior is born out of circumstances and not nature , as you have pointed out . 
  it 's a very human thing to make these types of assumptions . 
  this country is large , young , and in many ways culturally isolated . 
  we came out of wwii a huge power with comparatively little damage , a strong economy , and with the added benefit of having the moral high ground over the other superpower . 
  this created a very strong sense among many people here that these circumstances were the result of something inherent about us as a nation , and it 's taken several generations and indefensible blunders to chip away at that sentiment , at least among people who do n't make a special effort to look at things critically . 
  that 's how humans behave in the absence of mitigating cultural factors . 
  unfortunately , it 's hard to criticize your own country without being branded as somehow * against * it , and it 's hard to express praise for the things that deserve praise without being viewed as an ignorant exceptionalist by people overseas . 
  i 'm proud of the things we do right here , but i see those things more as a triumph of the west than of the united states in isolation . 
  right . 
  i find it strange when people reject constructive criticism , whether in relation to a person or a country . 
  i mean , if you excel in school or sports , for example , it 's not just because of what you can already do . 
  it 's also because somebody showed you where you could improve . 
  i 'm in the u.s. and as you 're probably already aware , a lot of the national attractions just are n't really that much fun to visit here anymore . 
  maybe it 's partly due to my having seen them when i was younger and just not having as much interest or patience now , but generally i just do n't want to go anywhere where there 's a lot of security unless i have to . 
  kinda sucks . 
  be careful with those axes , eugene . 
  43 here . 
  you do n't wan na know . 
  just a note : i think you mean vagueries . 
  huh , too bad you got downvotes . 
  i like when people google shit for me . 
  it 's like having a macro , and i do n't have to leave my reddit app !, 
  nah , there 's plausible deniability in a pie chart . 
  a twinkie cream chart would be mean . 
  hey , fellow 1971 !, 
  just wanted to chime in and say that i really felt betrayed by mtv as it fell apart in the 90s . 
  i understand that business is business , but * man * , that ubiquitous `` i want my mtv '' commercial and the years of iconic music videos and music news and all that stuff that ensued . 
  it pretty much defined my experience with music as a teenager . 
  i see what you did there . 
  i think the response would have been tempered if op had n't pushed back the way he did . 
  from what i 've seen , pushback is normal , but this guy seems to have gone above and beyond . 
  that 's how investment works . 
  you give someone your money with the expectation that they will use it in a way that generates more value . 
  imagine what giving $ 1,000 to microsoft would have done for you if you 'd done it in 1980 or so . 
  sometimes people guess well and sometimes not . 
  skill and knowledge are involved to be sure , but luck is a factor as well . 
  eh , i 'm pretty sure my gnome actually said that to me , though . 
  this is precisely why i pee on my kids . 
  you win . 
  marxism is really a predictive model based on a theory of labor and history . 
  it does n't espouse coercion . 
  the reason marxism and leninism are often seen referenced together is that lenin added the component of force that people today recognize as the hallmark of governments inspired by `` marxism . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure i understand what you mean , though . 
  most people similarly conflate the two . 
  one thing that 's interesting about this predictive model is that it failed to consider how , in the presence of increasing democratization , the more extreme version of capitalism marx observed would self-correct to an extent -- or to put it differently , would amend itself to mitigate some of the elements that marx believed would bring about its end . 
  well , i 'm not going to go round in circles with you over this because i 've been down that road in this sub before and it does n't tend to lead anywhere fruitful . 
  the red flag for me is the confident manner in which you counter non-controversial statements about marxism with false ones of your own . 
  are you sure , for example , that marx 's intensely rigorous theory `` utterly failed to predict anything '' ? 
  you say that there 's no difference between marxism and leninism . 
  lenin brought about by force what marx predicted history would bring about on its own . 
  so by your logic , the two being the same , it would seem marx 's theory accurately predicted quite a bit . 
  of course , this is n't the point i would make . 
  it 's what follows from your logically inconsistent positions . 
  if marx failed to predict anything then he and lenin ca n't be the same . 
  if they 're the same , then marx indeed made accurate predictions . 
  now , your flippant reference to the dictatorship of the proletariat does no damage to what i said . 
  predicting that something will happen is not the same as calling for people to be proactive about doing that thing . 
  in fact , that is * the * most fundamental difference between marx and lenin . 
  marx was following the path laid out by hegel in that he viewed the unfolding of history as a dialectic process . 
  his theories were predicated on the notion that history is a force of its own , without the need for anyone to `` force '' it forward . 
  lenin was less patient . 
  moreover , marx did n't see socialism as something that either could or should be artificially imposed on society . 
  he did n't even think it was possible to do so without allowing capitalism to develop to its full fruition first , because capitalism , he said , did a fine job of putting necessary commodities at society 's disposal . 
  the problem , though , to simplify a great deal , was that the wage system alienated people from their work and produced massive inequality that would eventually lead to its undoing . 
  following what marx saw as the inevitable disintegration of capitalism , the dictatorship of the proletariat was what he imagined to be the stepping stone to a classless , stateless society . 
  this process was supposed to have emerged from within the working class . 
  lenin did n't buy it . 
  he believed that people needed to be led . 
  he believed that even a dictatorship could realize the socialist utopia that was supposed to be stateless and classless ( while we 're on the topic of logical inconsistency ) . 
  this is the logic he employed to justify his violent revolution . 
  the funny part is , he still believed in at least nominally following the program marx predicted , which is why capitalism flourished for a few blinks of an eye following the revolution . 
  again , this is not controversial stuff put forth by someone with an agenda . 
  this is just how things happened . 
  and i believe we should stick to the stuff that actually happened if we want to come to conclusions founded on something other than our feelings . 
  you 're getting closer . 
  backpedaling from your claim that marx `` explicitly and repeatedly called for revolutionary terror '' is a modest start , but a start nonetheless . 
  you do know that being the author of a set of rules for an organization aimed at protecting the interests of the working class is n't the same as agitating for the violent overthrow of sovereign governments , right ? 
  just checking . 
  of * course * marx was an activist and an advocate for the working class . 
  that 's kinda the point . 
  it does n't translate into leninism , though . 
  have you ever read marx ? 
  have you ever read about his actual theories and not his modern caricature ? 
  from your source :, 
  the iwa originated from a `` discussion of the need for an international organization , which would , amongst other things , prevent the import of foreign workers to break strikes . 
  in september , 1864 , some french delegates again visited london with the concrete aim of setting up a special committee for the exchange of information upon matters of interest to the workers of all lands . '', 
  okay , so far no violent overthrow of governments . 
  continued :, 
  `` due to the wide variety of philosophies present in the first international , there was conflict from the start .
