  you are starting to make a career of misreading me . 
  the context in which i shared my anecdotes was a discussion of your intransigence . 
  i did not use them as an appeal to authority to argue my original point . 
  i shared them as a means to illustrate what drove me from ideological standpoints like yours . 
  i am not the least bit insecure about my opinion . 
  my opinion is about as difficult to substantiate as the spherical shape of our planet , frankly , especially if you consider it in relation to the statement that initially touched off this discussion . 
  you argued against the standard of `` efficiency , '' which is a concept i did not invoke once . 
  i love freedom and hate government as much as anyone else . 
  but i also believe in society . 
  and our society has problems . 
  some of those problems can and should be dealt with privately . 
  some of those problems are better placed in the hands of government . 
  i actually enjoy debating ideas with people , and i do n't mind discovering information that challenges any given stance i take on an issue . 
  but the whole thing ceases to be edifying when people wo n't give ground on such fundamental things as which way is up . 
  thank you for pointing this out so well . 
  since hanging around subreddits where people engage in this kind of discussion i 've been absolutely blown away by comments like the one you responded to . 
  and it 's not just that , either . 
  i mean , i do n't have a problem with people having misinformed opinions . 
  god knows i 've had my own . 
  what kills me is the sheer * intransigence * of some of the people in the discussions i 've followed , even in the face of non-controversial , objective facts . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i came here more or less expecting to find republicans defending their party . 
  but what i keep running into is libertarians who give absolutely no ground . 
  i 'm not picking on op , i 'm just genuinely bewildered by some of the shit i see around here . 
  i agree with much of what you said here . 
  i read it just after writing a comment about how dogmatic libertarians around here seem to be , so i give you credit for at least acknowledging that it 's a more complex issue than can be addressed by ideology . 
  what i have difficulty with is the logic you presented . 
  you said that legislating net neutrality is problematic , and then you proposed a solution that requires a lot of legislation and oversight , the only difference being that your legislation , instead of enforcing the desired outcome , encourages market conditions that we can only * hope * would lead to the desired outcome . 
  that is still `` legislating net neutrality . '', 
  and it sounds to me a bit like , instead of writing a shakespearean sonnet , giving typewriters to chimps and waiting for them to do it . 
  well you live up to your name , even if your comment makes no sense . 
  of course no one has to agree with me . 
  but there are two issues here . 
  most people would * probably * agree that the u.s. sees itself , and would like to continue seeing itself , as a beacon in western society . 
  but other western countries are leaving us in the dust in many areas , particularly the ones that concern the well being of citizens . 
  how did they get that way ? 
  generous social spending . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't spend a lot , but calling what we do spend `` overly generous '' ignores the fact that our closest allies not only spend a lot more , but realize tangible benefits as a result . 
  and it leaves us with the question of what it is we hope to become if we 're going to start from our position of being behind , and do the opposite of what our friends have done to get ahead . 
  opinions are fine , but they carry less weight when they 're surrounded by contrary examples . 
  edit : embarrassing usage mistake . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not saying it would n't work . 
  i just think that it would be more efficient for the fcc to set things right . 
  of course , i have very little faith in the political system the way it is , anyway . 
  i 'm not an expert on the issue , but it seems that local governments have created barriers to competition . 
  even so , op 's remark was a glib recitation of a libertarian idea . 
  yup . 
  i used the term improperly . 
  thanks . 
  it `` leaves us with the question . '', 
  i drove a hummer when i was in the army and i fucking hated making right turns in the thing . 
  i drive a honda today . 
  it 's a really wide vehicle , and i had to drive it in frankfurt , germany . 
  you sit so far from the right side you just really have to be careful not to clip the corners on regular roads . 
  dude , just . 
  * how * ? 
  i know photoshop can do a lot of things , but shit like this just blows me away . 
  i guess that 's what i get for being in my 40 's . 
  whoa . 
  i mean , i get how someone can make herself look like a giraffe , but how a person could make herself look like a * photoshopped * giraffe i 'll never understand . 
  you 're right . 
  if i had just spent more time on youtube instead of raising kids and working to put them through college , i would have been more prepared for this moment . 
  god , i wish i could do it all over . 
  neither of your first two examples is correct . 
  take your first example , and put a comma after `` day '' and before the quotation mark ( `` day , '' ) . 
  that would be correct . 
  for the question , you want the question mark before the quotation mark as well . 
  this is n't * always * how it works with question marks , but that 's how it is with dialogue . 
  if i were to write * what am i supposed to do with all this so-called `` junk '' ? 
  * it would be different . 
  next , you do n't capitalize the s. 
  there 's no need to capitalize after finishing dialogue unless what follows is a proper name or a new sentence . 
  hope this helps . 
   forced equality is the single greatest horror that man has inflicted on man in the history of the world . 
  some people think that nazi germany was motivated by precisely the opposite of this , and that stalin 's purges were a fear campaign led by a paranoid dictator , and that from roughly 3,500 bce till the 20th century the mass rapes , genocides , crucifixions , flayings , dismemberments , ritualized torture , burnings at the stake , conquests , and persecutions were motivated by ethnic , religious , and territorial conflicts , but they probably went to public schools . 
  if we want a healthy society we should only segregate people from it who * need * to be segregated from it . 
  incarceration is a very uninspired remedy for lawbreakers . 
  worse than that , it 's a form of punishment that takes people who may have otherwise been rehabilitated and immerses them in a cultural environment that fosters criminality . 
  and * then * these people get out and have to deal with reintegration and the uphill battle of regaining respectability . 
  what do we as a society have to gain from this ? 
  the satisfaction of knowing someone is having a hard time ? 
  not worth the cost to society or the people we expect to rehabilitate , in my opinion . 
  i 'm not contracting this because it 's based on a sound understanding of the constitution , but just to be fair ( and please correct me if i 'm missing something ) , the state could appeal to scotus on the basis of a legal principle they 'd like to apply to carve out an exception ( like `` narrowly tailored '' to meet a `` compelling state interest , '' the way restrictions on free speech have been carved out ) and * if * scotus agreed to hear the case ( which they do n't have to do ) * and * had a majority accept the state 's argument , you 'd have a legal caveat to tenth amendment protections in case law . 
  a good way to think about it is to remember that , aside from the special cases where the court has original jurisdiction , scotus only deals with `` constitutional questions , '' the same way that federal courts deal with `` federal questions . '', 
  i still think , as i indicated elsewhere in this thread , that the state could try to make a case for the constitutionality of its behavior , but it would have to be pretty damn compelling for the court to even hear it , and then it would have to pass review , and i do n't see that happening . 
  i 'm still waiting to see if someone corrects me on this point , but that 's how i understand the issue . 
  edit : slight correction from the other part of the thread . 
  it seems that the state could only make such an appeal if the citizen had invoked a national constitutional protection to challenge the state 's actions and the state lost . 
  this is what kills me . 
  you 'd think that a prosecutor , before insisting that a guy have five years of his life taken away , would want to see evidence that he had to know existed . 
  i think that kind of thing should be required to satisfy due process . 
  what happens , though , is that prosecutors have massive caseloads and they do n't take the time to do that kind of review, 
  yeah , that sounds right . 
  if the person being monitored had invoked a u.s.-constitutional protection to protest the state 's position , then either party could appeal the decision . 
  but if the state 's high court favored the citizen 's claim on the basis of state law , the state would have no grounds for appeal . 
  well , yes , you 've identified the words in the nsdap acronym . 
  that says nothing about whether the party did what it did in the name of `` forced equality . '', 
  in fact , people who called for forced equality were put up against the wall in nazi germany . 
  the `` socialism '' of the nsdap called for nationalization of certain sectors of the economy for the sake of promoting national interests ahead of those of the individual .
