  there 's plenty there to criticize . 
  i mean to focus narrowly on the original question of what is meant by `` european-style social democrat . '', 
  it 's a cultural and political attitude that sees individuals as inherently deserving of dignity . 
  imagine a place where a politician can * win * an election espousing legislation that prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of a criminal record , or prohibiting the publication of a person 's name if he was arrested but not yet convicted . 
  there 's still a tar-and-feather undercurrent in american political culture that comes through in our legislation , our common law , and our debates on policy , and i believe it would be better for everyone to move beyond that , to a place that rejects any form of shaming or cruelty toward anyone , and where we can hold up the things we do for `` the least of these '' as an achievement to be proud of . 
  well , right . 
  it 's a bit like the climate change thing . 
  we go from `` it 's not happening '' to `` it 's happening , but it 's natural '' to `` whether it 's natural or not , the proposed solutions are just a power grab by liberals and therefore we should n't use them . '', 
  the underlying attitude at the start of the argument is that people are individually responsible for their lot in life . 
  for people who have looked at the matter more critically , this is nonsense , on the whole , but there are enough examples of people who * did * make poor decisions , and there is enough general opportunity around , to make the counter argument harder to defend . 
  and i do n't altogether dismiss the idea that whatever public benefits exist , they should n't make doing nothing more attractive than doing something . 
  but when circumstances change , the number of things an individual can control can dwindle to the point where it becomes harder to make the case for `` personal responsibility . '', 
  and let 's be honest about what * is * within an individual 's control and what is n't . 
  let 's be honest and concede that very few people can actually be `` self-made '' through the choices they make alone . 
  most people do n't have inherent , natural gifts that by themselves will lift them from the ranks of the poor to the middle class , and if they do , they 're fortunate . 
  they may be diligent as well , but that diligence has to be encouraged at least in part by the fact that they are also fortunate . 
  most people need help from * somewhere * , and it boggles my mind that people would n't consider it a point of pride that they 've used the vehicle of the state to extend that help to places where it otherwise would n't exist . 
  why does the richest country in the world consider it a * bad * thing to be able to say `` we put our money where our mouth is when it comes to ` equality of opportunity ' '' ? 
  why do the people in a country so obsessed with the idea of `` unity '' as an abstract concept , not embrace policies that have * actual * unity of the populace as their premise ? 
  culture is malleable , and so when i 'm feeling optimistic i tell myself that the attitude can change here . 
  but i ca n't ignore that we have a long history of resistance to policies that assume a high baseline of dignity for everyone , so i 'm not sure how realistic it is to hope for such a change . 
  but i can control * my * attitude , and that 's why my political stance is what it is . 
  sorry i 'm running on here , but i do have one more thing to add . 
  when it comes to the issue of `` socialism , '' what i wish more people would do instead of argue whether their policy preferences are socialist or not , is say `` ok , i do n't know . 
  maybe it 's socialism , maybe it 's not . 
  but whatever you call it , tell me why it 's bad . 
  call it peanut butter and jelly if you want , but do n't tell me that my stance means something it does not because you want to put this or that label on it . '', 
  people should stop fearing the socialist label . 
  i 'm not saying they should embrace it , but instead of arguing over what to call it , just tell the critics to call it whatever they choose , and explain why it 's a bad thing based on what it is , and not on what you think is implied by it . 
  recently i followed a thread about edward snowden that was almost comical in the way the self-labeled conservatives tripped over themselves trying to make the case that `` liberals '' stand for things they do n't actually stand for . 
  it was too hard to say `` many liberals and conservatives actually agree on this issue . '', 
  the op made the laughable statement that his `` liberal friends '' thought snowden was a traitor who should be executed , and one guy said something like `` well , liberals love government control , so i do n't see how they could support someone who undermined that control . '', 
  this is the kind of crap you get into when people rely on buzzwords and labels . 
  `` liberals '' only favor government control where it can be effective in improving the lives of the people as a whole . 
  if people and corporations would n't behave in such shitty ways without control , i 'm sure that `` liberals '' would be fine without it . 
  the point is , i do n't care if i 'm called a socialist . 
  i do n't strongly agree or disagree with the label , and so when confronted with it i just say fine , whatever , and ask if we can talk about the policy and not what category it belongs in . 
  that 's all now . 
  thanks for helping me vent a little . 
  yeah , i do n't have a problem with the apology , and i totally believed him , but all that crap about disrespecting the troops was an unnecessary suck-up to the fox news audience . 
  it was a bad response , but it was between him and the brain-dead hosts , and had no bearing on any troops . 
  listen , i do n't know if you 're an actual linguist or a kid who 's had linguistics 101 , but it does n't matter either way . 
  i see this shit all over reddit and it 's * almost always * misapplied . 
  linguistics is to language what anthropology is to human behavior . 
  it describes what people * do * and * have done * . 
  it makes no judgment about what 's right or wrong . 
  and too many people take that approach and use it to tell people who espouse rules that * they 're * wrong . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  they 're answering a different question . 
  and the people * asking * the question are usually trying to obtain guidance for language usage in a world that is n't made up of linguists , but rather people who will pick up on the nonstandard word or expression and possibly judge them for it . 
  i think linguistics is great , but i wish people who have some familiarity with it would n't go around telling people `` oh , the singular they has been in use since shakespeare , it 's fine '' when the question is n't about whether one would be * understood * or whether it has a history of common use . 
  sometimes people want to know how to sound less stupid to people who are n't linguists . 
  sorry for getting your point wrong , then . 
  perhaps i 've developed an itchy trigger finger . 
  i 'm not denying the reality or seriousness of this , but one thing i have a problem with when it comes to descriptions of abusive behaviors is that there are always circumstances that fit the description that are not actually abusive . 
  saying `` not this crap again '' could be a sign of actually being beaten over the head with a past event that has been thoroughly discussed , and refusing to express emotions about it can be a weakness or insecurity rather than an abusive practice . 
  there is also the possibility that someone really does have an inaccurate perception of whatever the past event was . 
  i mean , read in the context of someone * actually * trying to manipulate someone , it all makes sense and fits . 
  but but there are contexts where * some * of the scenarios described may not be abusive at all . 
  frankly , i saw myself in both roles as i read through the page . 
  i see what you mean about the likely intent , though . 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  i 've never seen this before . 
  thanks . 
  dude , his actions had no bearing on any goddamn troops . 
  i do n't care if it was today-everything-is-about-nothing-but-troops day . 
  it was about his reaction to being asked to do an encore . 
  if you go to school without your homework and make a shitty excuse about it on st. patrick 's day , your shitty excuse is not about disrespecting the irish . 
  if troops were present for the event , then i stand corrected . 
  and otherwise i do still see your point . 
  i suppose i would not have even felt the need to react if he had said something like `` and i regret behaving this way at an event and on a day in which we are honoring the sacrifices made on d-day . '', 
  anything beyond that comes off , to me , as smarmy . 
  and it 's not just about `` not liking shit being about the troops . '', 
  i 'm a veteran myself , although i did n't participate in combat . 
  it 's about the perceived need in this country to establish your bona fides as `` a respecter of anything and everything related to the troops '' before anything * else * you say can be taken seriously . 
  i 'm a `` liberal democrat '' and i thought the same thing . 
  that guy is a fuckstick for agreeing to take that job . 
  i have instagram on vinyl . 
  i had never in my life heard it argued that hitler and the nazis were leftists until i came to reddit . 
  it is such a brazenly ignorant claim . 
  i do n't know where it originated , or if it has multiple points of origin , but i do know that the john birch society has a youtube video explaining the political spectrum in which everything totalitarian is on the left and anarchy is on the far right . 
  the nazis themselves would have approved of the propagandizing effort , though they 'd have laughed at the message itself . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll give that a try . 
  i 'm not sure i 'll have any idea what to do with the information , but it could at least give me something more to inquire with . 
  yes , i know . 
  i guess i should n't have said it if he had n't agreed to take a job as a bribe so that his party colleagues would lose control of their chamber , knowing that thousands of low-income virginians would continue to be denied healthcare that the state of virginia does n't even have to pay for . 
  but he did do that , so i guess he 's a fuckstick . 
  indeed . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkje7cr4sfa ) is the video i was referring to . 
  it 's pretty sly , because there 's nothing wrong with a lot of what 's said in it . 
  that 's why i think i 'm a little more angered than amused by it . 
  um , i 'm going to assume that this is a joke i did n't get , so , sorry if that 's the case . 
  but abstinence does in fact have a 100 % effectiveness rate . 
  if people are n't good at abstaining , that 's another thing . 
  but the moment two people have sex ca n't be called a `` failure '' of abstinence , because it 's no longer abstinence at that point . 
  that said , i agree with what i think was your point , which is that people who have been taught abstinence do n't actually abstain very much . 
   but they have failed at abstinence, 
  and that 's exactly my point . 
  i 'm not a proponent of abstinence only education .
