  not at all . 
  but abstinence never fails , my friend . 
  amputation will cure an itch every time , but if people fail to use amputation , it does n't mean that amputation failed to cure the itch . 
  edit : holy jesus , really ? 
  i half expected this , though , so here we go . 
  i know about phantom fucking limbs . 
  it 's an extraneous piece that does n't fit , yes . 
  but it does no harm to the analogy because it does n't play a relevant role in its relation to the abstinence side . 
  if people practicing abstinence had `` phantom fucks '' that could get people pregnant then i suppose there would be a point to this objection . 
  so here : beheading cures dandruff , disembowelment cures diverticulitis , keeping your mouth shut prevents putting your foot in it . 
  the * failure to do * these things does not constitute the failure of these things to prevent the unwanted outcome . 
  abstinence means * not fucking * . 
  that 's all . 
  we can talk all day about how shitty abstinence-only education is , and that 's fine . 
  but abstinence itself is not * abstinence education * . 
  abstinence always works because when you practice abstinence -- when you abstain -- when you * do n't fuck * -- you do n't get pregnant . 
  this is english , not politics . 
  i 'm not arguing with your politics . 
  i 'm arguing with your conflation of `` abstinence '' and `` abstinence education . '', 
   would you say , with a straight face , that that method was 100 % effective ? 
  of course i would , because the people who actually * use * the method obtain the desired results . 
  if wearing sunscreen prevents sunburn , we do n't say that the sunscreen failed when people did n't put it on . 
  if you have to go to the moon to get sunscreen , we still do n't say that sunscreen fails to prevent sunburn just because people fail to go to the moon to get it . 
   the real question we should be considering is , `` what is the rate of unwanted pregnancies when this birth control method is practiced by real people , in reality ? '', 
  the rate is as close to zero as it can possibly get , because people who * practice * the method ( your words ) , they do n't get pregnant . 
  if you have sex , you 're no longer practicing abstinence . 
  so the * method * works . 
  getting people to * practice * it does not . 
   abstinence-only education does not delay the onset of sexual activity . 
  abstinence-only education decreases the rate of use of other forms of contraception , such as birth control pills and condoms . 
  abstinence-only education increases the rate of std contraction ( because of decreased condom use ) . 
  abstinence-only education increases the rate of unwanted pregnancy . 
  i have no quarrel with any of this . 
  but we 're not talking about abstinence education . 
  we 're talking about * abstinence * . 
   you ca n't discuss abstinence without acknowledging these facts . 
  you certainly can . 
  if you 're talking about abstinence * education * , however , you need to acknowledge them . 
  look , i 'm not trying to be a prick . 
  but i write for a living and language is important to me . 
  words mean things . 
  if you 're talking about abstinence , you 're talking about not having sex . 
  period . 
  if you 're talking about advocating abstinence to the exclusion of other methods , then all of the points you have made become relevant . 
  and listen : i agree with them !, 
  i 'm * not arguing in favor of abstinence-only education * !, 
  i am telling you that abstinence is one thing and advocating it exclusively to young people is another . 
  i 'm sure people would look at this and see people quibbling over a minor semantic point . 
  but it 's not minor , because the word `` abstinence '' does not mean `` abstinence education '' any more than `` ax murder '' means `` ax murder advocacy . '', 
  if i say `` ax murder makes people dead '' it does not mean the same thing as `` i support ax murder as the method to be used whenever we want to make people dead . '', 
  no , what 's pointless is arguing that two parts of a tautological statement do n't mean the same thing , making the statement not tautological at all . 
  in any case the statement is n't tautological to begin with because its components are not synonymous . 
  your intransigence is breathtaking . 
  you say this discussion is n't about abstinence , but rather abstinence education . 
  you say this in the same comment thread where you said this :, 
   abstinence has a shockingly high failure rate . 
  saying abstinence is 100 % effective is like saying condoms are 100 % effective except when they break . 
  this statement is false on its face . 
  the people who advocate abstinence education are the ones who repeat the statement that abstinence is 100 % effective , and they are 100 % correct . 
  where they are wrong is in promoting the idea that this is an effective policy . 
  this is n't a debate about `` dictionary definitions '' vs. `` what 's real . '', 
  it 's a question of literacy . 
  i 'm beginning to think you 're either trolling , or young . 
  one thing i know you are for sure , though , is wrong . 
  no , it is n't . 
  socialism and totalitarianism are not synonymous , though . 
  not by a long shot . 
  that 's an association made by people on today 's right . 
  i will not make the whole argument here . 
  i 'm sick of doing it , frankly . 
  if you actually spend some time studying the history , you 'll find that hitler and the nazis were bitter enemies of everything on the left . 
  this is not a matter of debate . 
  the nazis were a right-wing party and hitler was a right-wing dictator . 
  `` abstinence prevents having sex '' is a tautology . 
  `` abstinence prevents pregnancy '' is not . 
  that 's as simple as * i * can put it , and i 'm done too . 
  as i said , i 'm not going to do this again , certainly not in this sub !, 
  it 's not badhistory in the least . 
  come back to me after reading ian kershaw 's two-volume biography of hitler and we 'll talk . 
  that 's the idea , yes . 
  but some recent rules have made it unnecessary to * actually * stand there and talk , the details of which i am not fully familiar with . 
  cloture is how a filibuster is ended , and it requires 60 votes . 
  so , while a given bill can technically pass with a simple majority , if it is the least bit contentious it can be locked up in non-stop debate ( or virtual debate , as it were ) , and therefore has a de facto requirement of 60 votes to pass . 
  so 56 senate votes is what you get for `` hard lefty crap that does n't have half a chance '' ? 
  you may not agree with what was in the bill , but good lord , it 's not like they were trying to rename reagan airport after che guevara . 
  also , your point at the end is an interesting one . 
  the problem is , no one is going to give it any serious thought when you say things like `` hard lefty crap '' and `` obamacare fiasco . '', 
  you seem like a smart guy . 
  and the people you 're arguing with are not meeting you on your turf . 
  that much is clear to me , and i suspect it 's clear to you . 
  would it be too much to ask you to meet them ( or him , or whomever ) halfway ? 
  the point seems to be that college is touted as the only sensible option for people who aspire to more than wage slavery , dead ends , and what-have-you , by most if not all of the people who play important mentoring roles in our lives . 
  and you call this peer pressure . 
  i suspect that the percentage of attitudes , values , and beliefs you currently hold that can be attributed to another person 's mentoring is greater than zero , and i suspect you would n't characterize your choice to adopt them as your own as `` peer pressure . '', 
  you said people should make decisions based on data . 
  well , the data supports college too . 
  i wo n't bother citing it because i 'm sure you 're aware of it . 
  so , right , nobody `` owes '' anybody anything . 
  you 've made that clear with your demands for contract clauses that everybody knows do n't exist . 
  but the point being made here -- on which you for some reason give not one inch of ground -- is that the decision to attend college , even at enormous cost , can still be seen by reasonable people to be rational and prudent .
