  and you 've partly answered your own question . 
  it 's really just about the more rural , traditional areas feeling resentful of the policy initiatives of the more populous , educated , and urbane regions . 
  as far as i can tell , the outrage will continue but nothing will really change . 
  uh , gen-x here , and i 'm guilty of the desktop thing . 
  i do put things in other places , but my desktop does a lot of heavy lifting . 
  my dad , who recently passed away , never got out of the habit of pulling out the road atlas and discussing the travel route when nearing the time to part ways after a visit . 
  that is , when * i * -- the one with the smartphone and gps -- visited * him * . 
  sure . 
  i see your point . 
  but honesty makes bad politics in `` democratic '' societies . 
  how do you take a pig to the hospital ? 
  digital e.r. 
  glad to help !, 
  let me know if it actually happens . 
  i do n't know if escalators have these in the states , but in germany they all have emergency shut-off buttons . 
  my son was about six , bouncing from here to there like any six year old , and then suddenly he ran up to the escalator and hit the stop button . 
  i watched about 20 people collectively sigh , roll their eyes , and start climbing what became an ordinary staircase . 
  back in the mid-80s , my dad bought me a round-trip amtrak ticket from connecticut to maryland , to visit my mother . 
  i do n't know about now , but back then when you bought round-trip tickets , the `` to '' ticket was full value and allowed for choices of time and so on , but the return ticket was only valued at about 10 bucks , and so one was confined to a specific train on the way back . 
  anyway , i went on the visit and lost my return ticket . 
  and you could n't buy the cheap version of the ticket going one way . 
  you had to buy a full-value ticket . 
  well , since we did that , we thought we 'd send me back on a later train , since we could , and it would give me a little bit more time with my mother . 
  so the time came to leave , and all the trains are being delayed , then cancelled . 
  we did n't know until we got back to the house that the train i was * supposed * to have been on was involved in a massive derailment/crash that killed i do n't know how many people . 
  a lot . 
  so , that would have been my train if i had n't lost my cheap ticket . 
  edit : tl ; dr : lost a ticket for a train that crashed and killed a lot of people . 
  people who are uneducated in a topic but have strong , vocal opinions about it . 
  especially when they attempt to judge you and `` correct '' you for your more informed opinion or objective knowledge . 
  the ignorant-but-vocal , to be more succinct . 
  it 's not the people , but the karma-driven forums that make us greedy . 
  my experience is n't extensive , but i can tell you that bath is a nice little place to visit , and stonehenge is on the way to that town if you 're traveling from london . 
  york was a great place to see , but that 's up north . 
  the only other thing from me is , watch your money . 
  holy * shit * is that place expensive . 
  the example i use to make the point most often is the london street vendor selling hot dogs for 3 pounds , which was 6 bucks when i was there . 
  try to eat and stay at places that the people who live there would eat and stay at , and not the places that are aimed at tourists . 
  i was about maybe six or seven . 
  i went to the bathroom in my church , and a sign on a urinal said `` do not flush . '', 
  i had to know what would happen if i did flush . 
  that half the bathroom would be flooded with water had n't occurred to me . 
  so when that happened , i took the sign and threw it face-down in the water and pretended never to have seen it . 
  the pastor was n't pleased , and did n't believe one word of my excuse . 
  i never got this . 
  never had an imaginary friend , and even as a kid , never understood what the hell people were talking about when they depicted kids as having them in shows and movies . 
  i used to talk to myself on the toilet , though . 
  i do n't know how much money 's in it , but those nude models that pose for college art classes certainly do n't have to do much . 
  agreed generally , but i would n't call it fluff . 
  it 's an actual indicator , just not one that is inclusive enough . 
  and it also leaves out the underemployed -- people in part-time jobs who would gladly work full time , or who are working at a level well below their education and training . 
  if you look at some of the recent guardian articles regarding the snowden revelations , you 'll get a hint of what kind of information might be withheld . 
  i 'm not being all-inclusive here , but for one thing , if information is likely to be harmful without advancing a legitimate public interest , it might not get reported . 
  years ago , news outlets were more cooperative with government than they are today about withholding information . 
  but government abuses over the years have caused the media to err on the side of public , rather than government , interest , as the two no longer match as closely as they once did . 
  express an interest in what he or she is teaching , especially by asking for clarification on concepts you legitimately need help with , and occasionally approach him/her after class with one of those questions . 
  this kind of thing is flattering and rewarding for a teacher , and it wo n't take long after doing this before things turn around . 
  the deep history engraved in so much of the surroundings : cobblestone streets , 800-year-old churches , villages that , though modernized , clearly have a medieval foundation . 
  oh , yeah , and that the people are less hung up about sex and nudity and more averse to violence , which is , unfortunately for us , the opposite here . 
  `` for best results , clean up after yourself without being asked . '', 
  i was roman around the colosseum one day , when i noticed a woman in the arena hiding from a lion . 
  `` he caesar , '' i thought . 
  and later , in my bloodlust , i was gladiator . 
  apparently , surveillance . 
  i think about john cleese correcting graham chapman 's latin in the life of brian , and ordering him to write it 1,000 times -- the phrase in question being `` romans go home . '', 
  edit : or how could i forget : the `` biggus dickus '' scene from that same movie . 
  when we got back to the house , my uncle called my mother and told her to turn on the tv . 
  when we did , it was all over the news . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  and at 42 , i 've had my share of ups and downs already . 
  i 'd love to simplify , but it almost seems you ca n't . 
  i know you * can * , but you ca n't !, 
  hah , i found a wikipedia entry about it . 
  thought there were more dead than there were , but i 'm still glad i was n't on the train :-), 
  the life of brian wins for me every time . 
  but i 'm not sure that 's the kind of thing you 're looking for . 
  still , if you 're still depressed after the `` biggus dickus '' scene , a movie wo n't be your cure . 
  i second that . 
  i think there would be a lot of penguins out there who would balk at being considered socially awkward . 
  i think there 's more accidental racism than overt racism in american society today . 
  much is made of the obvious stuff , but i think that more often it comes out in freudian slips based on unconscious assumptions people make about racial minorities . 
  `` his house was really clean , '' `` he 's really well spoken , '' etc. 
  to me , rick moranis will always be the gatekeeper . 
  or the key master . 
  whichever one he was . 
  back when i was young and christian , i went to a meeting where people started `` speaking in tongues . '', 
  dude , even as a christian i was weirded out by that . 
  i knew someone would come through . 
  `` freelance writing . 
  where pants are optional '', 
  sex offender recidivism is not as high as people think . 
  it 's actually quite low compared to other classes of offender . 
  that 's what i love about people who say they want `` biblical law . '', 
  either they do n't know what they 're talking about or they 're pretty callous , even sadistic , people . 
  as an american , i am relieved that you do n't know who she is . 
  while we 're on the topic of low info , please go on about the contents of my `` voter mind . '', 
  totally . 
  and i love the response : `` ok , i 'll do that . '', 
  i like this one better . 
  i 'm married to a german , and this joke makes me nuts because of the german tendency to conflate english d 's and t 's , not to mention the american short a 's .
