  if you look back at the exchange that sas brigaded into the stone age , you 'll see that i made the following point : i can relate to seeing similarities between boston and maine , but i would n't lump north carolina in with them , because north carolina is generally quite different from the other two . 
  i did n't say `` the differences between boston and nc are analogous to the differences between venice and weimar . '', 
  i just said that they 're different , and i would n't lump them together as if those differences do n't exist . 
  so , sure , if you want to compare the wal-mart experience in boston to the one in raleigh , the most you 'll notice is that the ethnicities of the customers are different . 
  otherwise , probably little to nothing . 
  but if you compare what living with and sharing opinions with the people in both places would be like -- the politics , the worldview , the receptiveness to various ideas and values , what 's considered polite and impolite , and so on -- then you 're in different territory . 
  if you 're an atheist , if you 're gay , if you favor left-wing politics , etc. , there are places in the u.s. where nobody gives a crap , and there are places where you 'd be wise to keep your mouth shut about it until you know who you 're dealing with . 
  i would put boston and maine in the former category , and nc in the latter . 
  and that 's just one of the differences relevant to the original discussion thread that i would have considered worthy of note . 
  and yet , you 're communicating with me . 
  it 's almost as if someone had written himself into a book . 
  your english skills are n't shitty . 
  that little flub was something a native speaker could easily make . 
  this is the sweetest / r/wtf conversation ever . 
  it 's a little complicated , but the various books ( most , if not all ) of the new testament appear to have been written between about 50-120 c.e. 
  you may have confused that with the ages of existing * texts , * but i 'm not sure . 
  also , although nobody knows for sure yet , the gospels and many of the other new testament books are generally considered to be pseudonymous . 
  bart ehrman has some excellent , very readable books on the topic . 
  i see what you did there . 
  i dunno , but that heroine crack is outta this world , amirite ? 
  my guess is that dr. phil 's target audience has a high threshold for irony detection . 
  now , i 'm not a fan of conspiracy theories , but what i saw here is something that was manufactured for both parties . 
  the bumfights guy 's target audience does n't give a crap what dr. phil thinks . 
  this seems like a textbook example of `` no publicity is bad publicity , '' and mr. bumfight just got a lot of it . 
  dr phil , in turn , got to play the righteous card , as if every moment of his show is n't thoroughly planned and played out on a rigid time schedule . 
  they were scratching each other 's backs here , imo . 
  edit : hassle a high ? 
  had to fix . 
  i prefer edith from all in the family . 
  edit : what 's wrong with edith ? 
  well , clearly somebody cloned homer . 
  eh , that seems a little simplistic to me . 
  you could say the same thing about our politicians or our political system . 
  ah , yeaaaahh , it 's just like in * serpico . 
  well , then , fair enough !, 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but in the u.s. 
  i think we have a bigger problem with voters being under-informed or apathetic than we have with their being bona fide jackasses . 
  in a large union , you 're more likely to see membership voting for whatever they think will improve their work situation , even if the leadership or the organization 's bylaws have problems . 
  in other words , the organization does n't always perfectly reflect its membership . 
  i 'm pretty sure that cousin was a satanist , too . 
  so , we have a `` woody johnson '' campaigning for bush . 
  a likely story . 
  funny how the most outwardly `` christian '' people are the least likely to emulate christ . 
  contrast this woman 's behavior with the pastor [ frank schaefer ] ( http://www.religionnews.com/2014/10/27/methodist-rev-frank-schaefer/ ) , who put everything on the line to officiate at his gay son 's wedding . 
  i know frank personally . 
  he struggled with the contradiction between what his faith taught him and his knowledge that his son 's orientation had nothing to do with sinfulness , but it did n't take long for him to realize that there was only one right thing to do . 
  * he 's * the kind of ambassador christianity needs , not this woman . 
  i 'm just going to be cynical and chalk this up to a strategy aimed at gutting sanders . 
  she has to campaign left in primary season anyway to avoid alienating the democratic base . 
  give to caesar what is caesar 's , and give to god what is god 's . 
  not sure what you mean here . 
  if `` some things '' mean `` everything '' then there 's really no point to the idea in the first place . 
  seems about seven years too late to me . 
  that 's a fair point , and i realize that it would have been out of line for her to talk domestic policy in her role as sos , but her ambition for the office since that time has been well known , and i think that * this may * is disappointingly late for her to start talking about this issue . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  nothing in there surprises me , though . 
  i might not be informed enough , but i 've long considered the clintons both to be an unfortunate pox on the party . 
  i think they 're more mercenaries than politicians . 
  i know hillary is a top-notch guru of government and law , and i know calculation is important in politics at any level . 
  but i think hillary is * too * calculating to convince me that she cares about anything but her own ambition . 
  edit : not sure what the downvotes are for . 
  i have a negative view of the clintons -- both of them . 
  i 'm a democrat and i support sanders . 
  i do n't expect people to agree with me , necessarily , but i think the clintons have harmed the progressive movement . 
  i think bill , in particular , squandered a massive opportunity in the 90s . 
  of course , many redditors might not be old enough to remember bill 's pandering to the right , or christopher hitchens ' book * no one left to lie to , * but i do , and i am eager to have a progressive candidate whom we can trust not to be an embarrassment . 
  `` outlining '' in the sense of articulating detailed policy goals , yeah . 
  but i also find it unsettling that even the democratic base would have to be unsure about where she would `` fall '' on such a fundamentally pressing issue until so recently . 
  she 's been front and center in american politics for over 20 years , but we still have to wait until politically opportune moments to know where she stands . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the `` elite '' political ideal whereby a person masquerades as one thing for political reasons while supposedly doing the `` right '' thing behind the scenes . 
  i know it 's necessary to a * degree -- * particularly in national politics -- but at a certain point even the people on your own side of the fence ca n't be sure about you anymore . 
  yeah , this is interesting . 
  of course , my comments were in response to someone who said she 'd been talking about the topic since may , so maybe that 's the person who needs this response . 
  i think today 's `` progressive christians '' try to focus primarily on what jesus actually taught -- and this more in spirit than to the letter . 
  i 'd probably call myself a christian if the label were exclusive to the human element of what jesus taught , and devoid of theology and supernatural elements . 
  `` the bible '' is an authority put forth by an organized church . 
  * jesus * said nothing about homosexuality , and in fact defended and kept company with so-called sinners . 
  i see nothing wrong or hypocritical about a person who calls himself a christian and then follows this example , to the exclusion of other biblical teachings that did n't emanate from christ . 
  well , i do n't know the context of that statement . 
  he certainly was against outward displays of piety and `` letter of the law '' religious observation . 
  but he tells his disciples that they will go on to spread his word and do many things in his name , too , so we have a classic contradiction that , again , does n't preclude one from adhering to the spirit of his teaching . 
  your point assumes that homosexuality is what jesus was referring to . 
  and i 'm not sure where he talked about sexual immorality , other than to say that a divorce is okay after infidelity . 
  he welcomed the company of a prostitute , so there 's that . 
  anyway , i think you 're working with a somewhat narrow view of what characterizes a religion . 
  if you define christianity as `` catholicism , '' then any non-catholic version of christianity is `` half a religion '' ( or nine tenths , or seven sixteenths , or whatever ) . 
  thomas jefferson made a version of the new testament ( or the gospels ? ), 
  that excluded the supernatural and everything aside from jesus ' teaching . 
  maybe somebody could open a church for `` jeffersonian christians '' or something . 
  my point is that you 're working with a conception of christianity that has been dominant and entrenched in our culture . 
  an alternative to this is n't really `` half '' of anything , just as protestantism is n't `` half '' of catholicism . 
  when luther fomented the reformation , it was also an act of protest . 
  i think we 'll see more of this sort of thing before we see it go away altogether . 
  well , i disagree . 
  i mean , jesus did n't explicitly condone nose picking either , but we do n't have to assume that he considered that worthy of eternal damnation . 
  also , it 's fairly common for people to disagree with some of their country 's laws . 
  many people who feel this way also choose not to follow some of those laws . 
  that does n't mean that they want to renounce their citizenship , or that they should have that citizenship stripped from them . 
  i get that you disagree . 
  that 's fine .
