  and i think that 's the key thing here . 
  from what i 've seen , most meta-subs either require np links or strongly encourage them . 
  those that do n't open themselves more readily to banning because of brigading . 
  it 's not about politics . 
  it 's about site rules . 
  thank you for toning down the language . 
  i really do appreciate it . 
  and i respect your closeness to the events of the time . 
  of course , i do n't know your race , but if you are in fact black then i would understand even better your objection to the assumption that o.j. 
  is guilty . 
  what i mean by that is that i 'm actually sympathetic to the idea of a mostly ( or all ) black jury deriving reasonable doubt from the defense 's presentation . 
  pardon me if i 've made any undue assumptions here . 
  still , i think o.j. 
  very probably committed the crime , and i do n't have very strong opinions about the jury 's actions . 
  frankly , i 'm willing to pay the price of letting a murderer go free if it has the effect of raising the ethical standards of investigative bodies . 
  as to o.j. 
  's intelligence , i think your logic is interesting , but i do n't think his behavior hinges on his intelligence . 
  if there 's anything that is common between the examples you mentioned i think it would be o.j. 
  's tendency toward hot-headedness . 
  anyway , we may disagree , but i 'm watching a long revisitation of the case right now on youtube , so thanks ( i guess ? ), 
  for helping me find an excuse to put off more important things this afternoon . 
  neither will guns at this point in history . 
  that 's not true , actually . 
  the constitution gives congress the right to tax . 
  the supreme court has okayed such a tax for the purpose of subsidizing insurance premiums under the aca . 
  so , while your particular choice of words is n't used in the constitution , if taxing and spending is what you call `` forcing others to pay for , '' then the people of the united states indeed have that right . 
  what i find particularly interesting is how the right has bought into the narrative of taxes being `` not their ( i.e. , the government 's ) money . '', 
  it damn well is their money . 
  ( and by `` their '' i do indeed mean `` our , '' collectively ) . 
  the same constitution that grants the right to bear arms grants congress the authority to tax . 
  when congress passes a tax law , whatever that law requires in taxes is no longer `` your money . '', 
  on top of that , i 'd love to see what happens to people 's paychecks if government were completely removed from the picture . 
  take away tax breaks for businesses . 
  take away the roads . 
  take away the tax policies that put more disposable income in the hands of people who otherwise would n't have any -- people who end up purchasing the things made by your employer , who writes your paychecks . 
  in other words , the `` it 's my money '' crowd completely ignores the things that are paid for by others , that make it possible for their paychecks to be what they are . 
  and yes , i 'm sure someone could easily throw up an example of a case where the opposite is true . 
  so , what . 
  the majority -- i would argue practically all -- of us benefit considerably from `` other people 's money . '', 
  i do n't know how it happened , really , but somehow this country got loaded up with a bunch of people who think we 're still living under the articles of confederation . 
  like it or not , we 're at a point in our history where just about anything you can name can be linked to `` interstate commerce '' and will therefore fall under the purview of federal authority . 
  the right to privacy is n't in there either . 
  but congress does have the power to `` promote the general welfare '' and to tax , so there 's that . 
  what / u/schplat said is good , and it reflects the complexity of the whole thing . 
  i would add some things to what he said , though . 
  1 ) federal income tax is graduated , but rather roughly , so there are implications for people who earn very near a different `` tax bracket . '', 
  a few years ago my wife and i were in the 15 % bracket and our kids qualified us for tax credits as well , so our total tax burden may have been 20 % or so ( a rough , rough guess ) when taking state income , property , and sales taxes into account . 
  today our kids are grown , so that credit is gone . 
  we also earn enough to put ourselves in the next bracket up , which i believe is 25 % . 
  in a rather short period of time we went from getting refunds to owing a bunch at tax time , so i had to have my withholdings adjusted . 
  so today our total burden is probably closer to 30 % . 
  2 ) as suggested above , sales tax also comes into play , and varies considerably from state to state . 
  we have no national sales tax such as the v.a. 
  taxes that are common in europe . 
  some states have no sales tax ( e.g. , delaware ) . 
  my state ( pennsylvania ) has a 6 % sales tax . 
  so we actually have a law here that requires payment of pa sales tax on a car purchased in delaware if it was owned for less than six months prior to bringing it into pa. 
  so in the end , it 's difficult to generate a meaningful number describing a `` normal '' tax burden here . 
  the biggest factors affecting it , though , are 1 ) where you live , 2 ) how much you earn , and 3 ) what credits and deductions you qualify for . 
  they could be in a state with republicans in charge who did not accept the medicaid expansion portion of the aca , making the insurance unaffordable for people in a particular income bracket . 
  consider this reply a starting point , because i believe i know this , but i 'm sure someone will come along who knows better and can confirm , refine , or correct my response . 
  i believe that what is referred to here as `` faster than light '' is n't the same as what we imagine when we talk about objects traveling within the known universe . 
  because the universe itself was expanding during the inflationary period , what we 're looking at are objects that are not just traveling through space , but also moving away from other objects through expansion , much like two dots on a balloon moving away from each other as the balloon is inflated . 
  so it 's a compound effect of travel within space , and the expansion of space itself . 
  if i 'm not completely right , i think i 'm close at least . 
  this narrative is useful for understanding the philosophical underpinnings of american political thought , but in practice , if a right is n't either spelled out in the constitution or recognized in case law , its existence is in the air . 
  i 'd have to do a little research to refresh my memory regarding 10th amendment jurisprudence for specific examples , but in general the `` negative rights '' thing has n't fared too well in the courts . 
  if the constitution did n't `` give anyone rights '' then plain text would n't be a factor in determining the constitutionality of any given law , but plain text is a factor , so the rights of people do n't exist purely on some ethereal plane , if they can properly be said to exist there at all . 
  this would probably occur in other countries as well if it were legal . 
  most countries do not allow the advertisement of prescription drugs , but due to the influence of money in the political process here , the practice is allowed . 
  i am . 
  the thing is , scotus has never decided a case on 9th amendment authority alone . 
  ( i mentioned the 10th above , but had it confused with the 9th . ), 
  it cited the 9th in a concurring opinion once , though . 
  the court 's reluctance to ground any decisions firmly on natural rights principles calls the existence of those rights into question . 
  the founders certainly believed in the idea , and as i 'm sure you know , there was a debate as to whether a bill of rights should even exist , for fear of what in my opinion has indeed transpired -- namely , the failure to recognize rights that are n't enumerated . 
  i think the concept of natural rights is wonderful and poetic , but until it has the same force as , say , the 13th amendment , which is the only thing that made it possible for a great many people to claim their `` natural rights , '' i 'll err on the side of caution and file it under political philosophy . 
  part of our trouble in this country is that too many people actually believe this . 
  fox and msnbc are on the poles . 
  you ca n't compare the practices used in individual shows . 
  and the nominal `` liberals '' given time on fox are really moderates in most cases . 
  cnn is really neutral in my opinion . 
  they 'll be accused of conservative bias when facts support a conservative position , and a liberal bias when facts support a liberal position . 
   hannity is my favorite fox show so i have alot of knowledge from watching it . 
  studies have been conducted concerning how well informed people are who primarily get their information from various news sources . 
  people who get their news primarily from fox came in last among those studied . 
  the best-informed were those who rely on npr . 
  viewers of the daily show were better informed than cnn viewers . 
  i think it 's a reflection of just how diverse our habits are . 
  my daily routine on the outskirts of the megalopolis is probably very different from that of many fellow citizens . 
  i happen to use reddit a lot , but i 'm in my 40s and almost none of my friends do . 
  we 're all over the place in this country , so when non-americans talk about what `` americans do , '' they 're both right and wrong , most of the time . 
  it 's really just a distinction between writing and broadcasting . 
  the term is misleading , yes , but `` print journalism '' in this context is still appropriate . 
  this is the proper response , and somehow it 's sitting all the way down here at the bottom . 
  the issue is really about information technology and cultural factors that change faster than regulatory bodies . 
  upvoted for such an excellent voice-in-the-wilderness effort . 
  we have a problem here in the u.s. distinguishing nudity from sexualized nudity . 
  because the dominant culture sees nudity as * inherently * sexualized , it * becomes * sexualized . 
  i think he 's talking about hazelnuts .
