  so you 're saying strippers should be civil servants ? 
  i could get behind that . 
  they 'd have to sell tickets at the testing center , though . 
  you 've got some cool knickknacks on your paduak !, 
  that shit should be against the law . 
  yeah , i would n't even consider my current idea if i did n't have family in germany . 
  my in-laws have a property with two houses on it , and my brother-in-law will inherit that property . 
  we 're considering making a deal with him if we still want to go and it 's still practical at the time . 
  going into germany cold would be a challenge if you did n't have a connection or loads of money . 
  do n't forget butts . 
  yeah , it 's volume -- used for barrels . 
  i really do n't know how many butts i am , though . 
  it 's very clear what i did . 
  somebody made the claim that the cultural experience from boston to maine to north carolina is essentially the same . 
  i , having four generations of family in maine , having been raised in massachusetts and connecticut , and having visited north carolina numerous times , said that i can relate to the similarities between boston and maine ( there is a pervasive new england sensibility in both places ) , although boston is about as urban as it gets in new england and is therefore by default somewhat different from just about anywhere in maine . 
  but , i said , i would n't lump north carolina in with them , because north carolina is a very different place from boston or maine . 
  i made absolutely no comparison with europe , and i made no defense of the `` america is big '' trope that is such a trigger issue for sas . 
  but i got the shit brigaded out of me for no sensible reason whatsoever -- and even that was only a fraction of what the original commenter had to put up with . 
  and the stupid thing about it all is that i have people telling * me * about * my * home as if they 're somehow qualified to comment on the matter . 
  frankly , if sas insists on brigading a place , they should at least check to make sure that they 're actually dealing with a dumb american making patently dumb statements . 
  i 'm not one of those people . 
  i lived in a village in germany for 3-1/2 years where the people there considered the people in the next village -- maybe 5km away -- `` different . '', 
  and i really do n't give a crap about that in this context , because * i made no comment about the united states in comparison to europe . 
  * i made a comment about boston and maine in comparison to north carolina . 
  that 's all . 
  lol, 
  honest mistake , but it made me chuckle . 
  that 's philly ? 
  i thought that was more maryland . 
  my aunt and cousins ( from md ) say `` wooter , '' but i 've never heard it in philly . 
  also , in pa you have to ignore the pa dutch zone . 
  weird accents there . 
  reminds me of the rick character in the walking dead ( i forget his real name ) . 
  he 's english , and he says he channels bill clinton for his southern accent . 
  makes me chuckle when i listen to him . 
  this fluid . 
  travels near light speed or something ? 
  as i said , a candidate is n't defined by the people who endorse him . 
  he ( or she ) is just perceived as the one more likely than the others to have a sympathetic ear . 
  oh , my goodness . 
  i would n't even think of burying anyone north of camden . 
  i think stewart 's is more like scarlett o'hara than foghorn leghorn . 
  i 'm willing to bet that it 's a matter of hillary having asked a consultant how to ensure that her email is * really * under her control , having been told that the answer is to house the server herself , and having said `` okay , make that happen . '', 
  if you 're gon na grind the thing into a fine powder , i think the steps leading up to that are rather superfluous . 
  they 're south of the mason-dixon , but were with the north in the war . 
  it 's a weirdly conflicted place . 
  very progressive in some regards , but plenty of old-school racism to be found . 
  also , weird accents . 
  truth . 
  the problem , i think , is how the use of `` code '' has entered into every modern discussion . 
  on either side of the fence , everyone is looking out for the other guy trying to sneak a nefarious point under the radar . 
  as i read what you said here , you 're saying that the pivot point is where proximity ( and maybe history ) is involved . 
  i mean , it 's funny that you 're being downvoted for making a very similar argument to what the upvoted commenter made . 
  and it 's funny that you 're arguing against it too . 
  if a swastika means different things to different people , then so does the confederate flag . 
  that said , they 're both considered racist symbols by many people who have a right to view them that way . 
  so the people who * do n't * view it that way are just forced to eat shit . 
  and that 's too bad , but that 's life . 
  instead of blaming the `` left '' or `` sjws '' or whatever boogeyman you have ( i 'm not saying * you * are ) , blame the people on your side who fucked up your shit . 
  if you 're not a racist , blame dylan roof , not #blacklivesmatter . 
  so i mean no , you 're * not * necessarily a racist if the confederate flag meant something different to you . 
  you 're a racist if you keep defending it . 
  because what 's more important ? 
  your symbol , or human beings ? 
  as a person who used to think the way you do , i sympathize with how you feel about it . 
  but i 'd like you to entertain the idea that you are arguing from a position of somebody who has had fewer obstacles to overcome than many people . 
  this is not to say that you 've had none . 
  but some people wish they 'd have other people 's problems . 
  once you 've had your idea of an `` existential threat '' defined down a few times , your perspective will change . 
  well , that 's just it . 
  only the highly motivated turn out . 
  and who 's more highly motivated than people who are already enjoying the most benefits ? 
  if you 've come to the reasonable conclusion that the system does n't serve you , you become less motivated to do anything about it . 
  if , however , the system made such people feel as if their input were * wanted , * who , exactly , would be threatened by this ? 
  i 'm not sure which country you 're from , but the reason this sounds strange to non-americans is that most modern western democratic nations have had to build their democracies from the ground up at a later time than we did , so you take democratic ideas more seriously than we do here . 
  our culture is n't old , but our government , comparatively , is . 
  in short , we 're like a proto-democracy . 
  we have all the ideas , but we 'll be damned if we have to abide by them . 
  every democratic advance here is hard-won , because we do n't take them seriously enough to enshrine them without major caveats . 
  in short , in your country it 's probably easy as shit to get your required id . 
  in fact , your country probably issues them on a national level for free . 
  do you know what a shitstorm would occur if we tried to require national photo ids here ? 
  my god , people would start sitting on mountaintops , waiting for the rapture . 
  i never know what the subtext is half the time . 
  i 'm 44 , and college is far behind me . 
  if you 're making a joke , then please pardon me for not getting it . 
  if you 're trying to be snarky , then i think that an actual rebuttal might be more persuasive , if you have one . 
  sorry , your misuse of logical fallacies is not going to cut it . 
  i 'm not engaging in a debate ritual . 
  nor am i appealing to any authority or to emotion . 
  i 'm sharing an experience . 
  you 've rejected it , and that 's your business . 
  i 've been on both sides of the fence . 
  you seem not to have been . 
  i ca n't speak for sowell . 
  you can do with that what you like . 
  it only has to matter to whom it matters . 
  the problem with this idea , as i see it , is that it gives too many people an excuse to ignore or deny a problem that is real . 
  and when they do this , they 're part of it . 
  there 's a reason why american generals forced german civilians to file through the concentration camps and witness what their countrymen had done in their name .
