  once you 're in the door , you 're sitting in the same chairs as everyone else who got in , and are subject to the same standard of evaluation . 
   it 's been years since i was involved , though , so maybe someone else can weigh in with more direct experience and specifics . 
  the standards are n't lowered for completing the degree and obtaining licensure , though . 
  just because you 're let in the front door does n't mean you 'll make it out the back . 
  just some commuter footage . 
  okay , i 'll sleep on it already , calm down . 
  ha , no biggie . 
  not if you remember that we 're dealing with a metatarsalami . 
  well , i do n't have to convince you . 
  what i said is correct . 
  edit : not to be so blunt . 
  it 's just that your objections refer to apples-to-oranges comparisons . 
  affirmative action grading and licensure programs do n't exist -- certainly not in the medical field , anyway . 
  edit 2 : i totally expected your downvote . 
  thanks for coming through for me . 
  well , maybe it does and maybe it does n't . 
  letting someone in the front door who is markedly less qualified * in all other aspects considered * would accomplish this , but people are evaluated on a variety of metrics , and these will differ from institution to institution and from program to program . 
  you are correct in that comparisons of certain metrics will show some people getting a `` pass , '' so to speak , and i 'm not saying that the wrong outcomes never occur , but that is neither the policy 's intent nor the way it manifests itself in practice when all things are considered . 
  and as i said , in the end everyone has to make the cut or not according to uniform criteria . 
  dude , they 're tripping all over themselves about the * language * he used . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  the guy threatened to put him in * jail . 
  * that 's what 's wrong here . 
  he was abusing his authority . 
  if he 'd politely threatened to take away his freedom for personal reasons , it would be just as bad . 
  edit : yeah , the point 's been made plenty . 
  it pays to read other comments before commenting i guess . 
  that was as mildly interesting as it gets . 
  thanks !, 
  actually , this is concrete evidence that it 's not only our politicians that are reptilian beneath the surface . 
  wake up , world . 
  note : i know that birds are not reptiles . 
  i do n't care . 
  where ? 
  because it 's not true in pa. 
  it 's like saying that `` this horse '' can be in the race even if by traditional standards he might not have been allowed in , and then the horse wins the race the way any other horse would have to win the race . 
  how does a jewish drummer know if anton-pius has words ? 
  i mean , i know they 're chosen and all , but . 
  maybe the kitty had glaucoma or cataracts or whatever and the guy cured it ? 
  i guess there 's a fine line between a douche and a martyr . 
  edit : wow , no sense of humor . 
  well , do n't you have a dirty mind , / u/elitra1 !, 
  coulda gone with ovarian sensitivity , bacterial incubation , or fecal melting , but * noooo . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm an american with german in-laws , and i 've long enjoyed the way german news feels like news . 
  this stretches the meaning of the word `` mild . '', 
  tom hanks as a baby has less hair than tom hanks as an adult . 
  to the bulls , the event is the jihad and the pasture is the reward of 72 virgins . 
  this totally makes sense to me now . 
  holy shit , louis c.k. 
  is * everywhere . 
  somehow to me , / u/pantip 's comment sounds like gilfoyle talking . 
  i 'm just going to boil all of this down to one , single , simple sentence : / u/spez , you and your ilk ( the staff at reddit who are in agreement with this , which i doubt is everyone ) are literal human scum . 
  to elaborate , it 's obvious you do not care about the human lives each account ( except bots , of course ) on this website represent . 
  if you did , then you would n't tolerate srs . 
  i do n't know whose dick is getting sucked to keep that subreddit alive , but what they do to people is clearly `` heinous '' and you and the admin team 's continued lack of even a real response to questions about why it is allowed to exist demonstrates just how scummy you are . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  you did n't come back to make reddit better . 
  this whole thing is a fucking sham , and so are you . 
  i 'm just going to boil all of this down to one , single , simple sentence : / u/spez , you and your ilk ( the staff at reddit who are in agreement with this , which i doubt is everyone ) are literal human scum . 
  to elaborate , it 's obvious you do not care about the human lives each account ( except bots , of course ) on this website represent . 
  if you did , then you would n't tolerate srs . 
  i do n't know whose dick is getting sucked to keep that subreddit alive , but what they do to people is clearly `` heinous '' and you and the admin team 's continued lack of even a real response to questions about why it is allowed to exist demonstrates just how scummy you are . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  you did n't come back to make reddit better . 
  this whole thing is a fucking sham , and so are you . 
  no disagreement in principle , but the point of / r/iamverysmart is not to mock actual intelligence . 
  it 's aimed at thesaurus jockeys who are trying too hard . 
  of course , it does n't always work out that way and sometimes people confuse `` i do n't understand that '' with `` found the pseudo-intellectual . '', 
  but that 's par for the course . 
  exactly !, 
  i mean , i like to tell the future with chicken entrails , but that does n't mean i 'm into * actual * voodoo . 
  for me it 's just a family thing . 
  edit : who 's hatin ' on my traditions ? 
  i find it hilarious that an informed , sourced comment like this got downvoted . 
  what is this ? 
  racism for * ants ? 
  i 'm just going to boil all of this down to one , single , simple sentence : / u/spez , you and your ilk ( the staff at reddit who are in agreement with this , which i doubt is everyone ) are literal human scum . 
  to elaborate , it 's obvious you do not care about the human lives each account ( except bots , of course ) on this website represent . 
  if you did , then you would n't tolerate srs . 
  i do n't know whose dick is getting sucked to keep that subreddit alive , but what they do to people is clearly `` heinous '' and you and the admin team 's continued lack of even a real response to questions about why it is allowed to exist demonstrates just how scummy you are . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  you did n't come back to make reddit better . 
  this whole thing is a fucking sham , and so are you . 
  ah , the ol' reddit [ victoriaroo ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3g71n1/there_is_no_art_in_interstellar/ctvwy72?context=7 ) . 
  it 's a period piece . 
  no problem , automod , but i 'm pretty sure my roo is good . 
  i 'm sure it 'll all come out in the wash . 
  do n't forget politifact . 
  such liberal , thorough sourcing , fact checking , and analysis . 
  of course , in a discussion thread one link benefits more than one person . 
  people who get on a `` google is your friend '' high horse seem to forget this sometimes . 
  and i think those same people follow links when they 're provided . 
  ross perot earned impressive results , too -- in the popular vote , at least . 
  i did n't bother with the warm water option because it 's like warm water from the sink : you have to run it for a bit before it gets warm . 
  the cold water works fine for me . 
  there was a thread about this topic on reddit not too long ago . 
  there was some back-and-forth about it , but the evidence seemed to point to garden-variety starvation as the cause , rather than anything fancy . 
  sorry i ca n't provide any links . 
  done !,
