  you might find people who would take seashells instead , but it would be a tougher sell . 
  by the same token , you may find a great number of people who recognize a committed relationship without paper as equally sacrosanct as one that has it , but the government wo n't , and neither will a large contingent of people . 
  i 'm pretty new to this , but i think the / adviceanimals crowd can be somewhat difficult to please . 
  and need i point out that you 're at five up and four down right here , right now ? 
  edit : grammar . 
  talk about a way to get downvoted . 
  i raised mine in an atheist environment , but i think one has to distinguish this from the common notion of `` raising '' a child in any belief system . 
  raising a kid as a christian means engaging in positive activities that reinforce such a belief system . 
  i did no such thing in the way of atheism . 
  we merely lived our lives in the absence of religious indoctrination and explained , when the kids encountered peers raised to believe this way or that , that that 's how some families do it , and that we do n't , because we simply do not share those beliefs . 
  not * entirely * harmless , but you can take one of those glass stink bombs , do your best to break off just the top ( without spilling the liquid inside ) , and tape the thing high on the leg of a table or desk . 
  the smell will be moderate but persistent , and people will go nuts trying to figure out where the smell is coming from . 
  i say not * entirely * harmless , because i did this once many years ago , and the powers that be in my office came very close to calling in a work crew to investigate the sewage system of the building . 
  whoops !, 
  seeing a selfless , kind act carried out for the sake of showing compassion , even it 's merely a depiction in a movie and not `` real , '' causes me to well up , because over the years i have become extremely cynical and expect people either to be devoid of compassion or selfishly motivated when they express it . 
  that a society has to be `` structured '' to encourage humane and compassionate behavior , because very few people seem to truly care about the plight of strangers , or are willing to behave selflessly of their own volition . 
  sure thing . 
  i only wish i had made it up !, 
  my wife to be and i were living in germany and arranged to be married in denmark because it would combine a mini-vacation with a wedding that involved less red tape than a german one would have . 
  the rules in denmark at the time were , you had to sign in at the town hall three days * before * the wedding -- presumably a measure aimed at boosting the economy . 
  well , i only had four days off from work . 
  so we drove up there , signed in , had a few nice days to kick around , and on the fourth day we were married . 
  right after the wedding we had to make the 7-1/2 hour drive back home to be ready for work the next day , so we made the drive and , exhausted , promptly crashed upon entering the house . 
  the life of brian . 
  kills me every time . 
  in the united states it is often preferred that people project positivity through smiling and deftly dancing around the matter at hand in interpersonal communication -- particularly in professional environments and/or when the subject matter involves a degree of criticism . 
  my german relatives find excessive smiling silly , and ca n't abide people who do n't get straight to business in their interactions . 
  leave room in your budget for repair or replacement of expensive items ( i.e. , furnace , central air unit , etc. 
  ) , because there 's nothing like having to drop seven grand out of the blue when you do n't at least have * some * of it handy . 
  also , research which improvements add value to the home and which ones do n't . 
  swimming pools are bad investments , but kitchen and bath improvements can add significantly to your asking price if you ever decide to sell . 
  if you care about the english language , literary topics , and intelligent analysis of american politics and the human condition , harper 's magazine is excellent . 
  it 's a great counterbalance to the cultural trend toward sound bites , talking points , and tweets . 
  i left home 24 years ago , when i was 17 . 
  i joined the army because i knew it was the only way i would be able to accomplish getting out of my house and my town , and paying for college . 
  i hated the army and generally would n't recommend it . 
  but it allowed me to see a lot of europe , led to me meeting my wife , and now i have a master 's degree and a buttload of post-grad credits . 
  i never looked back . 
  the * sequel * to 1984 that was never written . 
  we 're already living 1984 . 
  i second that motion . 
  i 'd be a christian if the bible said jesus invented baby wipes . 
  well , it was 23 years ago , but at that time , i was an american soldier with a german wife and two kids living in germany . 
  i was barely 22 . 
  i left the army and moved to a part of the united states where i had no friends or family . 
  i had no degree and little money . 
  my wife and kids spoke limited english . 
  i/we just wanted to start fresh and make a life for ourselves . 
  now we both have master 's degrees . 
  one kid graduated college and the other has one year to go . 
  we own a home . 
  you could say things worked out , but jesus christ that was a risk i 'd never take again . 
  to continue believing that we 're the best at doing things that other western countries put us to shame doing . 
  not that the option was bantered about , but it 's fair to say that engaging in such behavior at autobahn speeds would have carried with it considerable risk . 
  there was paperwork that had to be done ahead of time , through the mail , but the in-country requirement was just the three-day advance sign-in . 
  a german wedding between an an american and a german national took about six months of preparation . 
  a danish wedding could be pulled off in about 4-6 weeks . 
  i now see the negative side of most things by default . 
  already touched on here somewhat , but humility . 
  especially insofar as it involves the ability to recognize and admit when you * do n't * have it all figured out . 
  `` land of the free '' comes to mind . 
  seems as if most people have hit the big ones here , but i have two that are not called out often enough : misused apostrophes ( from a restaurant the other day : `` try our panini 's !, 
  '' ) , and `` everyday . '', 
  `` everyday '' means normal , or commonplace ( i.e. , `` he wore his everyday clothes '' ) . 
  something done on a daily basis is done `` every day . '', 
  when my drill sergeant told me so . 
  german :, 
  to take a shower = duschen . 
  so to an american who speaks german , the phrase `` gehe dich duschen , '' which means `` go take a shower '' just kinda sounds like `` go douche yourself . '', 
  also , `` pickel '' in german means `` pimple '' in english . 
  and you do n't come across it much , but if you ever use the english word `` vixen '' in german company , it sounds identical to the german `` wichsen , '' which is a slang term for wanking . 
  any reference to something being `` only a theory , '' as if a theory were just a guess or an idea . 
  gravity , for example , is a theory , but i do n't see the `` only a theory '' people diving from cliffs . 
  also , any opinion that is grounded in cultural attitudes and not actual knowledge . 
  bumped into jon lovitz in central park . 
  he was pretty much annoyed . 
  and of all the unlikely things , with the half-million people at the jon stewart/stephen colbert rally in d.c. , i found myself walking behind tim meadows . 
  i said hi and he acknowledged me , but in about the most indifferent way possible . 
  i 've met kt tunstall several times after her performances , too , and found her quite gracious and friendly . 
  a lot of us just wonder how anyone can afford to live there . 
  well , a lot of `` it depends '' answers , and that 's true , but that 's like saying `` is scary movie the best comedy franchise ? '', 
  and getting the same answer . 
  yes , it depends . 
  but if you use the metrics that have been applied to western nations for years , you 'll find that we 're in terrible shape relative to the others : infant mortality , measures of happiness , economic disparity , number/percentage of people incarcerated , access to affordable health care , exorbitant defense spending , corruption in politics and the influence of special interests in the political process , a grossly uninformed electorate , draconian punishments , numerous circumventions of otherwise plainly stated constitutional protections , an education system that prepares kids for compliance instead of democratic participation and critical thought . 
  i mean , * you * tell * me * . 
  subject to experimentation , yes , but in many cases extremely well supported by experimentation . 
  the earth being flat was not a theory as it is understood in the scientific community today . 
  in fact , that belief long predated what we know as science . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=just-a-theory-7-misused-science-words ) is an article that will help you understand the difference between a layperson 's understanding of the term , and what the term actually means . 
  well i agree on one level , anyway . 
  i certainly think the system is broken . 
  i would like to see a multiparty , parliamentary system in its place . 
  probably nothing worse than if people who called themselves conservatives suddenly realized they were tools of an elite class that would n't otherwise give them the time of day . 
  i think ratm 's version of maggie 's farm seems pretty angry . 
  but then again , so do all of their songs . 
  growth and success of what ? 
  if you 're talking about the people who are actually winning here , i 'd say ayn rand and her disciples . 
  if you 're talking about society as a whole , i 'd ask you what you mean by success . 
  wait , this is reddit . 
  i 'd expect college textbooks to shoot right to the top , unless current students are n't old enough to remember that they used to cost half as much , or less , 15 years ago as they do today .
