  to put things in perspective , most people do n't have $ 800 million . 
  the law varies from state to state . 
  some states require a 50/50 split and some require `` equitable distribution . '', 
  it would seem california is a 50/50 state . 
  and while you can debate the merits of one versus the other , it does n't often seem so absurd until you get into big money . 
  do n't forget how absurd those numbers are even at the bottom of the scale . 
  thanks . 
  your advice is noted !, 
  it 's not . 
  but you 're the second person to point it out , and now i know it twice as well as before . 
  as the title indicates , it 's my first . 
  first animated gif ever created by me , ever . 
  so if my second gif ever has any text in it , i will outline it in black . 
  thanks !, 
  i was wondering about the size . 
  excellent . 
  thanks !, 
  i actually wanted to do that but i was using movie maker at first and i could n't figure out how . 
  at least not quickly enough at the time . 
  so i just went with what i had instead of dicking around with it . 
  thanks !, 
  unsolicited but useful . 
  thanks !, 
  you think christie will really get anywhere ? 
  my feeling is that he 'll get grounded before he can really take off . 
  and you know where feeling comes from . 
  it comes from the * gut . 
  * and the gut is always right . 
  that 's a tasty looking dog . 
  * for local governments inside the u.s. 
  the `` u.s. government '' does n't benefit from this sort of thing much if at all . 
  nor do state governments ( except perhaps state police ) . 
  in a political climate where taxes are the worst thing that could befall a citizenry , local governments start running these rackets against their most vulnerable populations . 
  what was discovered in ferguson is by no means unique to ferguson . 
  it 's actually a cautionary tale for anyone who thinks that local governments are somehow inherently more virtuous than the federal government . 
  sure they do , but they 're are n't by any stretch of the imagination dependent on these seizures to operate , so you do n't see the egregious abuses from the federal level the way that you see them on the state and local level . 
  the feds , for example , do n't keep people on a revolving cycle of fines and incarceration ( where inmates are charged room and board that they ca n't pay , perpetuating the cycle ) , but this is not uncommon at the local level , and it 's far more insidious and crippling to the population than what you describe . 
  [ here 's my updated version ] ( http://giant.gfycat.com/failingpersonalatlanticblackgoby.gif ) based on your suggestions . 
  i appreciate the advice !, 
  this is an old one to me , but i have no idea how well known it is to the readership of this sub , so i thought i 'd share it just in case . 
  my wife ( who is german ) and i have made many jokes over the years about the `` th '' sound among native german speakers . 
  there is a world of difference between individuals abusing power and a system that relies on abuse to sustain itself . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  your advice was definitely helpful . 
  haha !, 
  i loved that !, 
  ca n't wait to show my wife this afternoon . 
  yes , i understand . 
  there are lots of sounds made in lots of languages that are not made in other languages , if you want to open it up further . 
  but the guy in the video is german , my wife is german , and this is / r/german , so i did n't pursue the matter beyond that . 
  it could also be a prototypical comment . 
  the word is really meant to apply to foreign policy . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a special rule carved in stone somewhere , but i would call the commenter 's use of the word incorrect in this case . 
  edit : upon closer examination , there is quite a bit of `` talking a lot and saying nothing '' in that comment . 
  my goodness . 
  also , `` realpolitik '' can indeed be used in other contexts , but it is typically used when discussing power politics among nations . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  i originally posted to / r/gifs , where that 's required , and i just did n't think to use the other link for this post . 
  i do n't think 7mb will cause any baby seal deaths , though . 
  edit : wow , -1 in under 9 minutes . 
  tough crowd . 
  be careful with that thesaurus , eugene . 
  of course , obama has * actually * vetoed fewer bills than any president in an amount of time i also do n't have the time to research at the moment . 
  it 's a lot of time , though . 
  did n't realize it was permitted there now . 
  i trusted the info at gfycat.com indicating it was n't . 
  live and learn . 
  indeed . 
  both guys , actually . 
  going back that far i only caught their content sporadically . 
  from what i 've read from others , things have changed quite a bit . 
  apparently it used to mainly if not exclusively feature oc from -- you know -- college students . 
  today it mainly features originals from a dedicated troupe , and they generate content regularly . 
  there 's even a roku channel . 
  it can be hit or miss at times , but the hits are quite good , imo . 
  i agree with the others , but i would add npr to the list . 
  people who use npr as their primary news source have been consistently shown to be among the best informed . 
  for a more world-focused perspective , you might also try the english translation of euronews . 
  a good * general * rule of thumb would be to avoid cable news for anything but basic information on events ( i.e. , you want to know if a plane crashed , any news outlet will tell you that ) . 
  that 's why npr stands out , for example . 
  it 's publicly funded . 
  here 's something else for you , which you wo n't often hear from people who dismiss the standard news sources as biased :, 
  there 's nothing wrong with bias * per se , * as long as you know what you 're looking at . 
  i 'd still avoid cable news in general for the other reasons you mentioned ( uninformative , sensationalist , etc. 
  ) , but there are some great sources out there that do n't pretend to be neutral . 
  the important thing is that you know you 're getting a story from this or that perspective . 
  if you 're aware of that , the bias does n't matter . 
  * harper 's * and * the atlantic * are excellent in-depth left-leaning sources . 
  if you want to go a little further left you can try * the nation * or * mother jones . 
  * for conservative , right-leaning sources you might try * national review * or * the economist * -- maybe * forbes . 
  * personally , i would n't go further right than that ( and that reflects * my * bias , but it 's a fairly informed one ) , because `` center '' in the u.s. is already pretty much `` right '' in the rest of the western world , so if you 're venturing right of * national review * you 're getting dangerously close to the tin-hat zone . 
  hope this helps in some way . 
  `` your '', 
  you might try asking this question in a new post and/or making a post to / r/languagelearning ( see sidebar ; although , i do n't know anything about how active that sub is , or its rules ) . 
  you 'll get more visibility that way and will have a better chance of getting satisfactory replies . 
  i 'll say this based on my own experience with other languages , though : courses and books are helpful and even arguably necessary if you want to do it right , but nothing will make it `` stick '' better than real-life practice and immersion . 
  you can get a good foundation through study of one kind or another , but you need to flex the muscles if you 're trying for something that will stay with you long-term . 
  good luck !, 
  well , sometimes when we 're honest with ourselves we discover that what we took for truth is n't really true , and when people make statements about those things as if they have the final answer , other people bristle . 
  and then there 's the tone we take .
