  srs needs to be fired ; since srs has held the position of ceo bad things have happened here . 
  negative things . 
  it 's time reddit shed srs and move on . 
  somebody report it to hr . 
  the air fare makes the shows hardly worth watching . 
  as a guy in his mid-40s , this is the kind of thing that prevents me from fully embracing a lot of the changes in entertainment that have come down the pike recently . 
  i still prefer physical media , and i do n't trust ( or use , on purpose ) any so-called `` cloud '' service . 
  yeah , thanks . 
  i know there are safeguards and so on . 
  it 's just -- * sigh * -- it all used to be so simple , man . 
  just carry my record player around . 
  sounds like it 's happening on an improv stage . 
  there should be a subreddit just for showcasing comments like this one -- short , and requiring of an exasperated edit explaining that they * know * that thing that 20 people have already mentioned , but that 's not the point because blah , blah . 
  there would never , ever be a shortage of content . 
  one of my favorites is when i 'm accused of `` appealing to authority '' when i quote from a * relevant * authoritative source . 
  pointing out that a person who has spent his entire professional life studying your topic agrees with you is not an appeal to authority fallacy , in most cases at least . 
   either this proposition is superfluous ( because you can arrive at the conclusion without it ) or the proof is fallacious ( if you use it to arrive at the conclusion ) . 
  most of my experience has involved the former case , because it 's more expedient to point out that a world-renowned expert on a topic takes your proposition for granted , as opposed to building an argument from the ground up that will probably end up being dismissed anyway . 
  anyway , i see your point and do n't necessarily disagree ( i do n't know enough about the topic to do so ) , but i 've read explanations of the `` appeal to authority '' fallacy that require the authority in question * not * to be an authority on the proposition being put forth . 
  i suppose those sources may have been inaccurate . 
  i would n't dare rule out the possibility . 
  speed and efficiency aside , in a discussion forum , my question and another person 's response do n't exist for the sole participants in the exchange . 
  they 're there for others who come later , too . 
  and i think it 's immensely helpful to have even a `` what is . 
  question followed by a simple answer , for the sake of anyone else who comes along with the same question . 
  thank you !, 
  this was about 15 years ago and yes , it was that . 
  she was a bona fide german-born citizen who obtained her u.s. citizenship because she had to for her job ( or at least we believed she did ) . 
  do you have any references that would corroborate your claim ? 
  i guess i 'll have to take a look at the original naturalization documents anyway . 
  i have n't seen them for years . 
  also , thanks . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  thank you for clearing that up for me . 
  i hope it 's not too difficult for her to regain her citizenship . 
  wow , thank you so much !, 
  ( edit : my wife is from the former east germany too -- not far from greifswald , and with many other relatives in th\u00fcringen . ), 
  i 'd be more inclined to think it was an endurance test . 
  i think it 's forbidden by the geneva conventions . 
  i ca n't speak to the intentions behind the parent comment , but i do n't see it as particularly driven by politics or ideology . 
  the * united states * and the oil-consuming * west * in general have been complicit for generations now , party politics aside . 
  * however , * the bush family in particular has nurtured a cosy relationship with the saudis ( and benefited greatly from it ) -- also for generations now -- due to both the family fortune and american intelligence operations ' tight intertwining with the oil industry . 
  ( a lot of early american intelligence infrastructure piggybacked on the operations of george h. w. 's zapata oil company . ), 
  i 'm happy to concede that `` both sides '' of our oversimplified political divide are complicit , but the special role the bush family and its close associates have played in coddling the saudis ca n't be ignored . 
  the slate.com article linked in this thread provides useful details . 
  ( sorry , on mobile and ca n't navigate around efficiently enough to provide the link here . ), 
  the united states as a country and the west in general has been complicit since at least the interwar period . 
  i do n't think people are ignoring it . 
  i just think you 're seeing less focus on obama than the bush family because :, 
  1 ) obama does n't have a personal/family fortune nurtured over generations of involvement in the oil industry , and, 
  2 ) saudi ass-kissing has been going on for nearly 100 years . 
  i did no such thing . 
  and `` electing obama to be different from bush '' does n't make obama beholden to such a mandate in every conceivable way . 
  he has two arms and two legs , just like bush , for example . 
  besides , i 'm not even defending obama . 
  i 'm explaining why the bush family is getting ( deservedly ) more attention when it comes to the issue of the saudis , fundamentalist islam , and oil . 
  i explained why the bush family gets more attention and criticism for its relationship with the saudis than others do . 
  that 's what i did . 
  you have assumed and inferred a number of things from what i 've said that are either untrue or unrelated to my point , and i have no further comment to make on the subject . 
  it 's actually all the company was in the beginning . 
  they started their streaming service as an added benefit at one point and the selection was quite small . 
  we ignored it for quite some time -- until the catalog grew by leaps and bounds , and more quality offerings became available . 
  ( plus i think they improved their streaming technology , and isps since then have offered packages with more bandwidth . ), 
  we still use the dvd service alongside streaming , though , because physical media still has superior bit rates , uncompressed sound , etc. 
  compared to anything you can stream in most areas . 
  basically , we stream for general stuff ( tv series and older movies ) , but if there 's a movie we want to see that makes good use of fast bit rates and optimized sound ( say , action movies of various types ) , we put the blu-ray on the netflix queue . 
  it arrives lighting fast ( like , no more than two days -- sometimes only one ) and both the video and sound are noticeably better in quality than anything you can stream at the moment . 
  physical media still makes a lot of sense if you 've committed enough resources to building a home theater system that is meant to handle what physical media can put out . 
  ca n't speak for other areas , but practically nowhere in the northeast does a teacher with a master 's degree earn less than 30k . 
  in my area , starting pay for teachers is over 40k with a bachelor 's , and that 's just slightly above average for my state overall . 
  it fluctuates considerably from one place to another , but generally you have to go to remote or highly rural areas to find teacher 's salaries that low in most regions , and that would be starting pay . 
  since we 're on the topic of over-the-top srs hatred , please allow me to share one of my favorites :, 
   every video i watch , every snippet i see and every interview i read about srs induces a hatred i have n't felt for someone in a long time . 
   it 's not an implicit hatred like i would have for a murderer , psychopath or a bully . 
  no , it 's a lot more nuanced than that . 
   it 's the same type of hatred that you get when someone cuts you in line at the supermarket . 
  that type of anger that induces a little whence in the back of your neck and a shiver of anger echoing through the vestiges of your body . 
   that anger stems from my feeling that srs is the personification of all the ills of society . 
  srs represents the corporate greed corroding the foundations of the things i love , the person looking for a handout , the one who 's always looking to blame others instead of their own ineptitude , the person quick to use lawyers and sue instead of having a personal conversation . 
  srs is an adulterer and a liar and srs has abused the goodwill of our society for its own personal gain . 
   in short , srs is the type to cut its piece of the pie from the middle and still get mad when you eat the crust . 
  and it 's these very things about srs that represents the moral decay i despise . 
   i honestly can say this with a straight face . 
  i despise srs . 
  i do n't wish srs any physical harm because i 'm not that type of person , but i just wish srs would disappear from this website and by proxy my life in general . 
   srs needs to be fired ; since srs has held the position of ceo bad things have happened here . 
  negative things . 
  it 's time reddit shed srs and move on . 
  bonus question : which one of these characters rewrote the new testament to remove all the supernatural stuff ? 
  i mean , while we 're in an admiring mood . 
  aw , crap . 
  do i understand correctly that i need a new hub ? 
  i have a hue/lux hub with four hue bulbs and three lux . 
  i 'm not even sure how to figure out what version of the hub i have . 
  i love the potential for all this stuff , but i 'm having a hell of a time staying on top of what 's what and how to make stuff work . 
  i feel like these products should come with a warning : * may not be suitable for people 40 and above . 
  all i 've managed to do is get lights to do different stuff with ifttt , but only with commands that i prefer to use for other purposes , like the to-do list . 
  sorry for the whiny post . 
  i 've just been really frustrated getting some of this stuff to integrate , and i do n't have hours and hours to invest in figuring out how to make echo do what i can do with the hue app in a matter of seconds . 
  pretty sure it was beefcake 2000 protein shakes .
