  i should point out that these things are all features of the modern presidency , and not of the obama or bush administrations in isolation , although each administration practices these things to varying degrees . 
  as for repealing the 17th , i 'd say i 'm almost with you there , except that i would n't fall back on what preceded it , but would favor instead something new that takes into account the concerns i already expressed . 
  i ca n't think of anything that lends credibility to your prediction that the democrats would never have the senate again in your scenario . 
  it seems like an overly absolute statement that is contradicted by quite a few plausible outcomes . 
  so there it is !, 
  well forgive me for asking whether you 're sure that 's what you mean . 
  i 'm not trying to be stupid here , but i do n't see how that idea plays a role . 
  immaculate conception ( again , forgive me if i 'm telling you something you already know ) refers to the ostensibly sinless state of * mary * when she conceived jesus . 
  it 's a principle advanced by the catholic church and is n't supported directly in scripture . 
  i think you might have meant the virgin birth , to which i would respond by saying that at no place in christian doctrine is it suggested that another virgin birth might occur . 
  so even christians are safe to view abstinence as 100 % effective , and in fact it 's christians who can usually be heard making that claim . 
  i do n't disagree with any part of your statement . 
  i will say , however , that in the example i gave above , the person had nothing to lose by admitting to a misunderstanding , because we were in agreement on the underlying principles . 
  i was n't challenging a core belief , i was clarifying a point of language that was not difficult to understand . 
  i ca n't explain what made it so difficult for the guy anymore than anyone else can . 
  the phrase `` oh , i see what you mean '' is something i both say and hear said to me so frequently in real life that it does n't even qualify for a mental note most of the time . 
  i have never , ever encountered a person in a face-to-face interaction who has demonstrated anything close to the level of intransigence in the example i gave here , especially over such a trivial matter as the meaning of a word , but somehow the experience is commonplace here and in other internet forums . 
  i just do n't think it 's too much to ask that a person a ) explain logically and clearly why i am wrong , and b ) be willing to address questions and challenges related to his or her explanation . 
  i know it comes more * easily * to some more than to others , but i still find the expectation reasonable , largely due to my own willingness to do exactly that for others . 
  i do n't find it `` unexpected or terrible '' for a person to persist with a point that has been countered for a time , but i simply ca n't abide the wasteful exercise of digging in over facts that are neither controversial nor difficult to understand . 
  i 'm coming to this late , but i had to drop in because i can hardly believe how disingenuous your comments have been here . 
  the point -- and i think you very well know this -- is that what the woman suffered as a * result * of failing to pay her ticket is unacceptable in a society that purports to have even the smallest affinity with `` freedom '' and human rights . 
  do you support the beheadings and chopping off of hands and such for various offenses in saudi arabia ? 
  because your logic is the same as one who says `` well , he should n't have stolen '' about someone getting his hand cut off in saudi arabia . 
  you might be right in the narrowest sense ( so narrow it 's practically off topic ) , as an * yeah , no shit , she should have paid her fine , * but you 're entirely missing the point . 
  and i suspect you 're missing it intentionally . 
  how would you feel if a white guy got run into the ground because he failed to pay a small tax ? 
  taxes are a responsibility too , of course . 
  you chose to focus on the woman 's failure to pay a fine , were presented with * really shocking and disgusting * facts about law enforcement in ferguson , and then continued repeating your line as if you had n't had a bomb dropped on you . 
  shame on you , and shame on anyone else who rails against the authority of government except when that authority hurts black people . 
  this would be comical if it were n't so sad . 
  you were presented with very damning information about law enforcement practices in ferguson . 
  if half of it were true the entire country should be outraged that such a mentality -- * racism aside * -- could prevail * anywhere * in this country . 
  you expressed specific doubts , were given specific information to address those doubts , and instead of concluding * wow , it was bad * you continue to doubt . 
  the thread you hang onto is your baseless speculation that because you have n't had a handwritten ticket in 10 years ( why are you getting them at all , mr. 
  personal responsibility ? 
  ) , the people in ferguson who 've been getting abused by their own government could not have ever been misled or mistreated . 
  somehow your completely speculative , unsubstantiated doubts are supposed to carry weight next to a report issued by the usdoj , which was actually there , actually investigated what has been going on , and knows goddamn well what kinds of tickets were issued . 
  think about that next time you become outraged about something . 
  fun fact : the word palendromeemordnelap * is * a palendromeemordnelap !, 
  i 'm surprised there is n't a subreddit for this . 
  it 's weird for me sometimes when i realize that a lot of people on reddit are younger than my daughter . 
  i read a comment recently that referred to `` old guys in their 30s . '', 
  i thought it was hilarious , and then . 
  not so much . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was done with a reverse telescope . 
  edit : sorry , folks , i was making a dumb joke , that 's all . 
   so because i read a report , formed my opinions based on the information given and my personal experiences it is sad ? 
  stated in the abstract this way , no . 
  it 's the opinions you formed that make it sad . 
   you 're right i can have a government report and doubt what i want because this is still a government that constantly lies to its citizens . 
  you seem to think everything is so black and white but there are some beautiful shades of grey in there in between that you need to experience . 
  you do not know what shades of grey i see , and have no reason to believe that i see things as black and white . 
  it 's at this point that i have to wonder whether you also see shades of grey when it comes to muslims , homosexuals , or sex offenders , but that 's another can of worms . 
  more immediately , i have to wonder why , given your mistrust of government , you give one government the benefit of the doubt while expressing skepticism toward the other , even in the absence of an incentive on the part of the latter and the absence of denials from the former . 
   if you think this is the first time a local government has used its police department for revenue collection you are in for a rude awakening , shit has been going on for decades . 
  i do n't need a rude awakening . 
  i 'm 43 years old and i 've been around the block a few times . 
  they do it where i live . 
  it 's wrong no matter where it 's practiced and no matter who is affected . 
  and anyone who is indignant about `` government overreach '' that affects white people should be just as angry if not more so when it affects a poor black population with little means of recourse . 
   i 've gotten a few speeding tickets and yes i was speeding , i knew it . 
  i went to the courthouse , paid my ticket and took it because yes , i broke the law . 
  that is personal responsibility . 
  and you can be glad you were n't a poor black person living in ferguson when that happened . 
  i was just making a goofy joke . 
  did n't mean to send you on a wild google chase . 
  it 's pretty bad , yes , but i feel worse for people who have youthful , healthy bodies and optimally functioning genitalia . 
  ha , great clip . 
  it makes me wonder if `` college humor '' is a feel-good name that actually reaches out to an older demographic . 
  kinda like the reverse of anything with `` 17 '' or `` 21 '' in its name that targets tweens . 
  it would be funny if someone realized that just before finishing the grand project . 
  actually , it sounds like a douglas adams scenario . 
  you know -- after 50 billion dollars and 30 years was spent building the space mirror for the reverse telescope , it simply did n't work , so they put a webcam on it and called it a day . 
  i applaud you for your immunity to cold , expansive , dark vacuums . 
  actually it 's easier to do this if you have one of each . 
  i know what you 're saying , but just to temper the statement , there were plenty of fat people around at the time . 
  it just was n't such a ubiquitous problem as it is today . 
  dude , this is * the * answer , and i 'm so glad you said it . 
  this melting pot is united in name and platitudes only . 
  the reason nobody wants government to do anything here is that every initiative is perceived as benefiting the `` other guy , '' who then becomes a scapegoat . 
  and many of the benefits we do have are targeted to a specific demographic or protected group , which creates resentment . 
  this becomes apparent especially when you consider something like the recent revelations about ferguson . 
  from the right we hear nothing but outcry over government overreach , but when the government abuses its power against a poor black population , all we hear is talk about how irresponsible the people were to have failed to pay a fine in the first place . 
  no indignation , no outrage directed against the white establishment in ferguson . 
  the reason ? 
  the citizens in ferguson are on the wrong team . 
  change `` fines '' to `` taxes '' and insert a white population and you 'd have six solid months of fox news programming on the subject . 
  i know . 
  can we change the topic to something less complex and divisive , like healthcare reform ? 
  there was a thread on this topic recently in which pro-weed `` conservatives '' were going on about how `` it 's as if we were real people with diverse opinions '' and so on . 
  i dropped in and said that 's fine , as long as you understand that your stance on marijuana is not a conservative one . 
  it was n't well received . 
  haha , well , we * are * talking about nyc here , to be fair . 
  if i wanted to find an elitist burger joint , i might look in one of the world 's most expensive cities . 
  but i see your point . 
  ah , right . 
  it 's the correct sentiment , but it 's a bit more complicated than that due to our separation of powers . 
  all the subsequent back-and-forth aside , i 'm just gon na say nice job , clock . 
  this may be the most evenhanded comment this lefty has seen you make .
