  no , it is n't . 
  to argue that the elements of nazi practice that resemble the practices of far-left regimes ( i.e. , authoritarianism , subordination of the individual to the group , etc. ), 
  are evidence of left-leaning political ideology is lazy thinking . 
  i am working on a longer response to this issue at the moment because i 'm finding that it 's unfortunately not only the completely misinformed or uninformed whackjobs who are tossing this stuff about . 
  it 's also people with an otherwise decent command of logic and history -- perhaps you 're one of them -- who conflate ideology with the means to promote or enforce that ideology . 
  and i do n't * completely * blame people for doing this . 
  i certainly have my understandings of certain parts of history that someone with a deeper , more nuanced understanding could poke holes in . 
  so , rather than try to lay everything out here , i will continue working on my go-to response so that i do n't have to keep reinventing the wheel on this topic . 
  for now , though , i will just point out that hitler himself understood the difference between left vs. right ideology , and everything he did and said demonstrated contempt for it . 
  the conservative right-wing parties during the nazi era were ultimately absorbed or supplanted by the nazi party . 
  left-wing parties and individuals met a different fate . 
  look : i do n't wish to oversimplify , but boiled down , left vs. right is n't about the citizen 's relationship to the state so much as his relationship to other people . 
  different mechanisms have been tried or theorized to enforce people 's different ideas about that relationship . 
  that is why we 've had stalinism ( left-wing totalitarianism ) as well as people who label themselves as leftist anarchists . 
  national socialism involved an appropriation and re-branding of the socialism practiced under left-wing regimes . 
  if there were social benefits for germans under the nazis that resembled something you 'd expect to find in a society driven by left-wing ideology , that does n't make nazi political philosophy left wing any more than ronald reagan raising taxes in the 1980s makes him `` a little liberal . '', 
  see , now i 'm going on again . 
  i 'm not trying to be smug when i tell you to read a book -- a well-sourced book by a serious historian -- about nazi germany , and you 'll see how shallow any claim is that there was anything `` leftist '' about hitler or nazism . 
  for that matter , you 've got some pretty flawless english going on for a french guy . 
  ah , so that 's where you 've been all this time , [ janeane ] ( http://middlemojo.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/janeane-garofalo1.jpg ) . 
  i do n't sit on the pot when i 'm eating , either . 
  my in-laws are from mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
  whenever i 'm over there and my father-in-law hears me say something in english that rings a bell , he often follows with `` plattdeutsch heisst . 
  and supplies the word , which sounds very similar . 
  he 's quite a character , that guy . 
  he can whip out a goofy gedicht for just about any human circumstance . 
  mind = blown . 
  no wonder i could n't find a pair of fuckin ' lederhosen in amsterdam to save my life . 
  at least we can say colbert . 
  this is the point that is actually relevant . 
  i do n't think they can force / r/technology to accept his post , though . 
  i like that this made me laugh as if i were a native speaker myself -- kinda like when i heard a german mock foreigners for saying `` du beide . 
  not * totally * related , but as recently as 15-20 years ago in germany , a popular snack on grocery store shelves was marketed as '' [ neger k\u00fc\u00dfe ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/chocolate-coated_marshmallow_treats ) , '' or `` negro kisses , '' but you do n't see that anymore . 
  do n't really know if it was a conscience thing or an official prohibition , but there it is . 
  well , so did i. 
  did n't you hear it ? 
  well , you ca n't do much about your name , but that other thing . 
  always good to think twice , but it 's doubtful any lawsuit against that guy would be successful in the u.s. 
  because his dad reproduces with his forehead , duh . 
  to my knowledge , there 's nothing illegal about owning or using them . 
  no , he said that peppers make him fart . 
  same continent , man , what 's your problem ? 
  this is exactly the same for germans . 
  i 'm married to one , and although she 's been in the u.s. for 20 years , her use of the `` th '' sound still has a slightly `` forced '' sound to it . 
  where she can , she gets by with an `` f '' sound . 
  her family does n't even try , though . 
  it 's always a t , a z , an s , or an f for them . 
  i 've heard that dental fricatives will ruin your enamel . 
  omg my whole life has been a lie . 
  this is why any decent doctor will have a roll with him when he is in outer space . 
  eh , i 'm pretty sure that term was coined when european explorers encountered glowing `` indians . '', 
  what part of the story negates the `` realness '' of the life or the capitalism described in it ? 
  to be fair , i think a person with two red heads would get lots of attention anywhere . 
  no , i do n't , because capitalism is n't defined by its most efficient examples any more than `` racing '' is defined by the speed at which it occurs . 
  capitalism is an economic model wherein goods and services are exchanged at a price agreed upon by the buyer and seller . 
  yes , it is other things , but that is its essence . 
  in the capitalist model , choices made by both buyer and seller affect the survival of a given enterprise . 
  if a seller makes poor choices it does n't mean he 's not practicing capitalism . 
  the capitalist model * accommodates * this behavior and predicts that his business will suffer if a competitor makes more efficient choices . 
  but maybe we 're talking past each other a little . 
  you seem to be skeptical as to the truth of op 's story in one place , but then you refer to it as a `` poor example of capitalism '' elsewhere . 
  maybe you 're right about the first part . 
  i do n't have an opinion about the truth of the story . 
  i have no reason not to believe it , but i do n't care , either . 
  my point is that , true or not , the story was just as much an example of capitalism as any other . 
  you say poor choices were made . 
  fine . 
  in that case , we have an example of capitalism wherein poor choices were made . 
  i 'm glad . 
  the vast majority of people i 've met either do n't have this quality or ca n't or wo n't articulate it the way you have here . 
  but for the record , i was just kinda joking . 
  i mean , what i said was true , but i said it without judgment . 
  no , no . 
  he 's trying to tell you he can read minds . 
  i guess i could say a lot in response to this , but i do n't have the time to comment fully . 
  for now i 'll just say that everything you said sounded like my very own thoughts over the past few years . 
  i 'm 42 now , and just rounding enough of a corner in my life that i can see it in a context i was never able to see it in before -- as if i 'm just part of a story that 's already been written , and i 'm just turning the pages instead of living a life . 
  our culture has become immensely polarized , and it 's feeling more and more like we 're `` united '' in name only . 
  my wife is german , so we have that going for us . 
  but we 're pretty locked in with careers and debts and a house and so on . 
  at this point we 're looking at germany as a possibility for retirement . 
  if i could do it sooner i probably would , though . 
  i hope you figure things out . 
  `` poc '' sounds like the name of a fish in a japanese cartoon to me . 
  you can get an app i think . 
  ugh , you chinese people , always worrying . 
  it 's all context . 
  i mean , if they were in her pocket . 
  so people would n't get it confused for a regular cage with a bingo inside . 
  haha , poor george costanza . 
  eh , sentence checks out . 
  shit . 
  nope , you 're wrong . 
  `` kids ' '' in this case is a noun modifier , and so adjectives and determiners can both be properly placed before it . 
  you 're awfully smug , too , for someone who 's wrong . 
  yep . 
  so much grief for being both polite * and * correct . 
  good on you . 
  `` a nice widow 's peak . '', 
  possessive now .
