  so they would bundle the * toxic * mortgages and create a * new * product from them , divide * them * into tiers and assign the top tier a aaa rating . 
  banks are required to have a minimum percentage of their assets in reserve to prevent failure and discourage panics . 
  aaa-rated financial instruments can sometimes ( always ? 
  not sure . ), 
  be counted as `` reserves . '', 
  so when they 're holding aaa-rated garbage as reserves , and people start defaulting on those mortgages , the banks do n't * really * have the required reserves . 
  bank officials who were aware of the toxicity of these instruments they were using to count as reserves would be one example of behavior that was fraudulent and only `` legal '' on the surface . 
  there 's so much more to it , though . 
  it was a real shitty mess . 
  irs.gov will have downloadable forms and instructions , and if your situation is simple enough you can file directly online . 
  i just use turbotax . 
  these resources exist , but they require a trip to a law library and the knowledge of how to use the resources and what the various terminology means . 
  there are resources available online too , but they 're incredibly expensive -- so expensive that many small law practices do n't subscribe to the service . 
  there 's a * lot * of work that goes into following a statute through its deconstruction in the courts . 
  interesting sub . 
  too bad there is n't more participation . 
  then again , it 's pretty specialized for that . 
  funny thing is , he warned about that when de facto party-like divisions had already formed . 
  kinda reminds me of eisenhower 's warning about the military-industrial complex , which was pretty much in place , too , at the time of his warning . 
  i wish more people would appreciate this . 
  i 'm in my 40s , so half of my preference for physical media is just my natural resistance to fully embrace something different from what i 've done most of my life . 
  but the other half is really all about the quality blu-ray delivers . 
  the bit rates and lossless sound make for a much better experience if you have the right setup , imo . 
  that said , i 'm still surprised at what the streaming services have been able to do with the bandwidth they 're working with . 
  the compression algorithms and methods of delivery have made a lot of stuff quite watchable . 
  so i actually stream a lot of my `` routine '' stuff , but will go to blu-ray for anything with a lot of action/effects/etc . 
  when hulu dumped the entire snl catalog , i downloaded 39 seasons , which ended up being about 150 gb . 
  i 'll do it if the service i subscribe to is inconsistent with maintaining their offerings . 
  same thing happened with key & peele . 
  it was all there , and then it was n't . 
  it 's annoying when it happens with stuff you really like . 
  wow , prices have come down . 
  i still prefer blu-ray and ownership if it 's something i really like , but after buying a few of them when they were selling for $ 35 , i adjusted my ethics a bit . 
  i think it 's good enough for , say , a sitcom or documentary . 
  but you ca n't beat blu-ray for the picture and sound quality , which is why i still prefer them for action films and such . 
  one need not spend extravagantly to `` appreciate '' the benefits of physical media . 
  i detect something in your tone that seems to have misinterpreted my point as some kind of brag , which it is not . 
  i spent frugally on my system and the difference is significant enough for me to notice and care . 
  it has nothing to do with a purported `` refined taste . '', 
  when i started with netflix , it was a dvd delivery service . 
  their streaming , once it was introduced , was a bit of a sideshow , or novelty , and was of significantly lesser quality than what is taken for granted today . 
  also broadband speeds offered by isps at the time were n't so impressive , either . 
  if you use that comparison , yes . 
  but you skipped over the dvd interlude there . 
  we did n't go from vhs to broadband streaming . 
  yeah , it can be like that . 
  i did n't mean to suggest that it was a `` perfect '' experience -- only a higher quality one than streaming is currently able to support . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much how i feel about it . 
  oh , thank you jesus . 
  i liked quick draw . 
  almost totally improvised , and really funny . 
  i 'm in what used to be called `` generation x , '' and i 'm confused as fuck as to how everything 's about `` millenials '' and `` boomers '' now . 
  first of all , most of what younger people think about `` boomers '' is grossly misinformed and oversimplified . 
  second , some of us were born in the late 60s and early 70s and we got a chance to see the hardships of the `` boomers '' that everyone seems to forget about . 
  as well as how misinformed the `` millenials '' are about the matter , their legitimate grievances notwithstanding . 
  you should n't judge people just because they live on a farm . 
  christopher hitchens wrote an extensive indictment of kissinger in the atlantic . 
  just google the two names . 
  thank you for this great explanation . 
  i 've had the same question as op for some time , but have really been hesitant to bring it up among people for whom the knowledge is essential and taken for granted . 
  i probably have the wiki page open for it among the 150-or-so other tabs on my browser , so i have n't gotten around to self-educating there yet . 
  as someone who only has an 8 '' dob and no fancy equipment -- who has been overjoyed just to be able to discern the colors and moons of jupiter , this is one hell of a capture . 
  nice job !, 
  somebody probably downvoted you because onetab really is n't quite the same thing . 
  but i see your point . 
  i use onetab when i look at my situation and say `` oh , no . 
  what have i done ? '', 
  i still want the tabs available for reference , but leaving them open is an untenable prospect . 
  the advantage of the great suspender is that most of the time , if you 're logged in somewhere , unsuspending the tab leaves you still logged in . 
  i suppose it depends on the site . 
  onetab is more like a flexible and convenient bookmarking system . 
  oh , but back up those links , or be careful what you alow malware scans to delete . 
  i wiped my onetab links out once . 
  funny that an engineer was required to notice a solid , continuous object extending from one side of a river to another . 
  i imagine a monty-pythonesque scene in which ordinary german troops ca n't make heads or tails of the world around them while they 're standing next to what is effectively a bridge . 
  well , it 's pretty funny in my head , anyway . 
  i do n't have any sources handy , but i recall reading about a quasi-consensus among political scientists that harding was the so-called `` worst president . '', 
  and this was due more to the administration 's corruption than it was competency , if i remember correctly . 
  but where competency is concerned ( and we 'll see in time the degree to which corruption plays a role ) , it 's hard to imagine much worse than this . 
  if you take the incessant tweeting alone you have a case for one of the most careless people to hold the office . 
  the president 's words are famously scrutinized and picked apart for subtle indications of new policy positions and so on , but there 's no subtlety with this guy . 
  the idea that bush 's persona was manufactured to some degree is plausible , but trump appears to be as reckless in the position as his public persona would suggest . 
  his talent really does seem to be little more than showmanship and branding . 
  i thought it was pretty funny how the `` no censorship '' platform -- where people flocked because of mistaken ideas about the reason behind some subreddit shutdowns -- had to shut down several of its own forums within weeks of their existence . 
  the racist ones took a hit because the servers were located in germany , where hate speech is illegal , and the jailbait ones came next because -- surprise -- people were pushing the limits and there was fear of repercussions . 
  edit : and downvoted in under six minutes . 
  lol . 
  how 's that exodus going ? 
  fats , sugars , and proteins all equal calories . 
  lowering fat does n't lower calories if the fat is replaced with sugar or protein . 
  it just lowers fat . 
  that could be good for your arteries , but it wo n't wo n't result in weight loss unless you are controlling portion sizes , which can be done with or without the fat content . 
  i think the point of `` low fat is a scam '' is n't that people think low fat products do n't have low fat . 
  it 's that low fat products will make you just as fat as anything else if you do n't exercise portion control . 
  you can use the recovery menu . 
  just go to the menu , choose recovery , and then disable and/or uninstall all overlays . 
  another way is to boot to recovery and flash the rescue zip that 's in the substratum folder in sdcard . 
  if you use the second method , make sure you pick the right file . 
  only choose legacy if you do n't have full oms support . 
  edit : seems switching to voip did not solve the problem .
