  `` imagine that . . '', 
  now , why 'd you go and fuck everything up like that ? 
  now write it 100 times !, 
  he did n't say it 's not delicious . 
  he said it 's not necessary . 
  let 's face it : you ca n't give a grilling tip in the presence of two or more males and avoid being contradicted . 
  this thread is a hilarious testament to the fact . 
  we have point , counter-point , counter-counter-point , and counter-counter-counter-point . 
  you know what ? 
  i like to chew on a lump of coal while i get salmon puree pumped into my rectum , that way i can save on grill cleaning effort and my body 's none the wiser . 
  you guys know fuck-all about grilling until you 've done * that * . 
  i 'm sure i missed quite a bit . 
  what i did n't miss , though , is that lots of wholly incompatible comments here have been upvoted to a significant degree . 
  yes , there 's stuff here that i understand to have objective merit , and stuff that people know better than to recommend . 
  but my experience of 43 years as a human male is that males always have something to say on the topic of grilling , and we will say it with confidence without respect to objective merit . 
  i 'm so glad we do n't do this with politics !, 
  wait ... 
  sure , if you wan na do what everyone else does . 
  i get my coal from vintage consignment shops , personally . 
  well , that and the fact that obama 's role was already filled . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure it 's michael jordan . 
  that 's why the show is called keegan peele . 
  it was a good line , but it would have worked better for me if i actually wanted hillary to be president . 
  sometimes it comes down to the dental records , unfortunately . 
  well , to be fair , it sounds as if you have too many of them to revere . 
  ah , interesting . 
  also , your point seems valid to me . 
  i was just making a joke . 
  what makes the u.s. presidency different , i think , is the 300 million population , coupled with the hollywood/celebrity culture of this place . 
  it 's not really about the guy or the office itself . 
  a * lot * of people here do n't really understand what the president 's actual job entails in the first place . 
  in the popular culture he 's just one point on which the country as a whole is able to focus . 
  that ca n't possibly be the reason . 
  what 's the * real * reason ? 
  hey , hey :, 
  if i make an incisive pun , does that mean i 'm speaking punjab ? 
  edit : what ? 
  what 'd i do ? 
  this is just great . 
  the thing with key is fantastic , of course , but this presentation as a whole seems like a much bigger deal . 
  the `` rhymes with bucket list '' was a scream . 
  the graphic you 're using here was one of several measures mentioned in the source . 
  it is fair to say that the fox news audience is n't * vastly * older than viewers of other outlets , but there are nevertheless measures that indicate an appeal to an older demographic . 
  i frankly do n't care how old an audience is . 
  it says absolutely nothing about the reliability of the source . 
  what concerns me more is that fox distorts the news beyond the point of what is reasonable for anyone with a given `` perspective . '', 
  it 's one thing to interpret the same facts in different ways . 
  it 's quite another to start from a conclusion and then build a presentation that leads to it . 
  this was mean , but also pretty funny . 
  upvoted to zero . 
  there 's still hope . 
  do you suspect that your perception is influenced by * your * politics , too ? 
  or is that something that happens only to people who have different views from yours ? 
  because while i do n't necessarily agree with all of obama 's policies , i do n't oppose him either , and i saw nothing in the presentation that was petty or beneath the office . 
  we could probably go back and forth all day long with examples of politicians we do n't like doing things that we do n't like . 
  very few of these things would likely qualify as `` petty and beneath the office '' to a critical mass of people on both sides of the political divide . 
  so every president has been accused of being a muslim who hates america ? 
  of being a non-citizen ? 
  of * wanting * to destroy the country ? 
  of literally being the antichrist ? 
  of bringing discredit to the presidency by making jokes at an event specifically set aside for making jokes ? 
  i 'd say his situation has been a little different . 
  i 'd like to hear more about the `` uneducated '' part . 
  and no , that 's not an example that speaks to credibility . 
  it speaks to newsworthiness . 
  i have no interest in defending cnn , except to say that their viewers have been shown to be mildly better informed than fox news viewers . 
  it also depends on whether the measures involved were of the news broadcasts themselves or of the channel 's programming as a whole . 
  in any case , you 're welcome to continue defending things like [ this ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2015/feb/26/fact-checks-behind-daily-shows-50-fox-news-lies/ ) if it pleases you . 
  sure , dismiss something as left-leaning if that suits you . 
  it does n't address the issue , of course . 
  at this point you 're doing exactly what you criticize others for doing vis-a-vis fox news when they dismiss * it * for having a conservative bias . 
  so far i 'm not seeing your approach rise above what you criticize . 
  never mind the fact that politifact goes to great lengths to justify its ratings . 
  if you 'd be so kind as to point out where they 've been wrong -- particularly wrong in a way that favors left-leaning politics -- i 'm very interested to know about it . 
  funny thing about politifact is , they do at least examine the claims people make , and accept the findings for what they are . 
  i 'm not seeing that from you . 
  so call them whatever you like . 
  their objectivity exceeds yours , from what i 've seen . 
  edit : also , the other thing i mentioned was not an opinion . 
  it has been shown through studies . 
  you can search for them yourself , though , if knowing stuff like that interests you . 
  edit 2 : okay , downvote . 
  do n't deal with the issue , just click and move . 
  your observation ? 
  yes . 
  petty . 
  okay , so we 'll split hairs when it comes to his comedy , but we 're going to say that the criticism obama has endured is qualitatively equivalent to that endured by his predecessors . 
  if that works for you , then i suspect there 's no chance of discussing this productively . 
  just keep a list of the things obama has done that you consider beneath the office , and check them off when one of your guys does the same thing down the road . 
  meanwhile , i 'll don the sackcloth and ashes required for the level of shame obama 's behavior has wrought , and i 'll self-flagellate in a procession to demonstrate my remorse . 
  or better yet , i 'll just accept the implications of living in a pluralistic society . 
  yeah , that 's better . 
  depends on which part you mean . 
  if you 're talking about the number of jokes that were self-deprecating or whatever , i never disputed that . 
  ( nor do i necessarily accept it as accurate on your word . ), 
  my problem is with what you conclude from it . 
  loved * her * job would be even better . 
  the other guy is likely talking about your having left out a word between `` loved '' and `` job . '', 
  russian does n't have articles , so russians often forget to use them when speaking english and the english has a characteristic choppiness to it that sounds perfect when read with a russian accent . 
  yeah , and do n't get me wrong .
