  i just think it 's important to remember that secularism is the hero in this story , not the victim . 
   you are incorrect . 
  andrew jackson 's trail of tears proves that out . 
  the scotus found a case brought by the indian tribes in favor of the indians and andrew jackson 's response was `` let 's see them enforce it . '', 
  an abuse of power makes me incorrect ? 
  do you endorse jackson 's actions here ? 
  why would boehner sue obama if obama has the authority to do whatever he pleases and dare the courts to enforce the outcome ? 
   the only difference is that you are trying to claim that the only way to change anything is via a constitutional amendment , which is n't true . 
   all this over calling ted cruz a `` constitutionalist '' too . 
  a dispute over a name . 
  ridiculous . 
  if it 's ridiculous , then please tell me what ted cruz can do to achieve his constitutionalist goals . 
  as with most constitutional protections , the courts have to weigh a person 's claim against the interests of the state . 
  i will not pretend that this process is guaranteed to be free of bias or subjectivity . 
  but in any case , the courts have through case law identified certain `` tests '' to apply in cases like these . 
  to appreciate this it 's probably better to depart from the specific case of religion for the moment . 
  in free speech jurisprudence , the court requires that any law that aims to or has the effect of restricting speech be `` narrowly tailored '' to address a `` compelling state interest . '', 
  so republicans pass a law criminalizing the act of calling rush limbaugh fat in any broadcast medium . 
  someone gets arrested for doing exactly this , and challenges the constitutionality of the law in court . 
  the court finds that the law is indeed narrowly tailored , but that it does n't address a compelling state interest and is therefore unconstitutional . 
  the crux of this analysis is what interests the courts consider `` compelling . '', 
  so in the case of religion you have the constitutionally protected right to exercise your religion freely . 
  you are also protected against any government measure that has the effect of `` establishing '' religion ( i.e. , promoting , endorsing , supporting , etc. ) . 
  so if my religion includes a requirement that i pray daily at noon , and a law is passed that makes doing so impossible without breaking it ( or , if we want to complicate things further , my employer forbids it ) , the court is going to evaluate my claim for its seriousness ( and yes , there are specific tests in case law for doing this ) , and then it will look at how compelling the state interest is that the law was intended to address . 
  that 's how we got legal restrictions on speech that incites violence . 
  the court found the state 's interest in controlling violent outbreaks more compelling than the right of an individual to stand before a crowd and shout `` let 's kill that motherfucker ! '', 
  so the clever thing about what the satanists are doing is that they 're reminding christians that the free exercise clause is n't just for christians . 
  they 're saying `` be careful what you wish for , because we have rights too . '', 
  they can only do this in a society that , being secular , does not favor christianity over satanism . 
  now as to the question of whether the courts are always effectively neutral , it gets complicated , because every case has unique facts involved that could play a role in the outcome . 
  then there are unintentional biases . 
  and that 's another reason why the satanists are doing a good thing here . 
  they 're reminding people to think twice about what they consider oppression . 
   you asked for an example and i provided one . 
  now you want to argue the morality of the situation . 
  if you find your example to be a legitimate response to the question , then a constitutional government is not what you 're really interested in . 
  thank you for your civility and intellectual honesty . 
  i think you 're being reasonable , so please bear with me for a moment , if you will . 
  your * concerns * are completely valid , but you 're still conflating secularism with atheism . 
  i do n't disagree with your point that in this scenario , an argument on religious grounds is being favored over one advanced from nonreligious grounds . 
  but that 's because we 're ignoring the fact that atheists * do n't need * to argue from this position , because the establishment clause is there to make that unnecessary . 
  atheists , by virtue of their rejection of religion , forfeit any claim to protection under the free exercise clause , because * there 's no religion they are interested in exercising freely . 
  * that is not the fault of the u.s. government . 
  atheists who claim that the government should win out over religious concerns in all cases * in a society that protects the right to free exercise of religion * are saying in effect `` we have no interest in that protection , therefore nobody should have have that protection . '', 
  but wait !, 
  we also have the establishment clause . 
  all the protection you need against religious encroachment in the public sphere is right there . 
  the jurisprudence on the establishment clause is . 
  well , established . 
  what the satanists did was simply advance an argument from an unexpected position , and that 's what makes it awesome . 
  atheists do n't `` need '' to do this . 
  the establishment clause is there , and the best position for an atheist to argue from is the one that says `` this accommodation is a violation of the establishment clause . '', 
  remember the scene in * the life of brian * where the group votes on a guy 's right to have babies , even though he physically ca n't do it ? 
  that 's not a far cry from what people have been saying or supporting in this thread . 
  we have a society that protects the right to free exercise of religion , and atheists , who have no interest in religion , are saying `` what a shame that we do n't get the privilege to argue religious freedom . '', 
  if you * created * a religion dedicated to nothing more than separation of church and state and you used * it * to assert your rights under the free exercise clause , you know what you 'd have ? 
  you 'd have the establishment clause . 
  edit : also , fwiw , i apologize if my remarks came off as personal attacks . 
  i did n't mean them to be that . 
  i was really just a bit miffed at the way my point was rejected out of hand by so many people . 
  i did n't read the old thread , but if the deleted account 's comments are loaded with malapropisms , i might start to believe they 're the same guy . 
  he did seem to be the sane one in the exchange , but some of those word choices were almost comically bad . 
  it gave me the impression that he was trying a bit too hard with the vocabulary . 
  / u/mysinsmakeme misuses a lot of words , though , fwiw . 
  i did n't analyze the writing myself because i have to draw a line somewhere on the time investment . 
  edit : doubt me , / u/mysinsmakeme ? 
  it was n't just once or twice . 
  you and others have made similar points about `` controlling economics '' and i get what you 're saying . 
  but i did n't read what you did from his comment , even though it is n't perfectly clear what he means . 
  in context i understand him to mean that we have the ability to make policy choices that can either exacerbate or mitigate economic trends . 
  if that 's what he meant , he would be correct , and this would n't imply anything resembling a command economy as some people seem to have assumed it would . 
  economics is like ocean tides , but we can still choose how to navigate the boat . 
  wait , is this sarcasm ? 
  i hope not , because i 'm an entrepreneur and i * just * opened the doors of my first denuttery . 
  well , yeah . 
  i was supporting your point . 
  i made a simple analogy and it may not have been completely apt , but my aim was to say something much like what you 've said here . 
  this is a really touchy subject for sure . 
  but there is a reason why the strongest and richest country in the world consistently exempts itself from international frameworks that aim to hold people accountable . 
  and we 've definitely done things that others have been prosecuted for or sanctioned over in some way . 
  also , if you look at the last 30 years or so , we 've been slipping behind the countries we used to `` lead '' in many areas . 
  compared to europe and scandinavia , for example , we 're starting to look like a backwater sort of `` western democracy . '', 
  i think a huge part of our problem is our `` us vs. them '' mentality . 
  we do n't seem to really believe in the principles we say we believe in . 
  and we make excuses for things we have no good excuse for , such as torture , mass incarceration , income inequality , etc. 
  and then our complete unwillingness to pay taxes that might go to support the `` other guy '' results in stuff like they 've uncovered in ferguson : taxing the poor by running them through a mill of incarceration , fines , and debt . 
  we have huge problems here , and you may have a point in the sense that it may take outside pressure to fix some things . 
  i 'm not sure if sanctions are the answer , but i could see bilateral and multilateral agreements playing a role . 
  they can be unbelievably obstinate , yes . 
  i 've had my share of those encounters . 
  honestly , i was rather shocked at how unreasonable people can be when i started having discussions here . 
  people will sidetrack you into debate over stuff that nobody with any genuine knowledge is debating anymore . 
  i think relief and retraining should be part of the overall strategy , but i also think that an overall trend can be mitigated enough to make the transition less painful during individual lifetimes . 
  i 'm not an economist , but i do n't see why we ca n't put rules in place to demand more of multinational corporations that do business in the u.s. . we can use both carrots and sticks to encourage investment here , instead of shrugging and saying `` oh , well . 
  this is economics . '', 
  we own public policy ( ostensibly ) , so we can create whatever incentives and disincentives we choose . 
  government is a rational , legitimate player in the economy , not a cancerous mass . 
   cops should be rewarded based on the * quality * of arrests they make . 
  precision , quality arrests . 
  put some magazines in the back of the squad car .
