from the position of being a fundamentalist . 
  keep fuckin ' that chicken . 
  we can learn a lesson from the governments that are doing it right , like those in most of western europe . 
  our basic education system is not where it should be because it is too politically entangled , and grossly inequitable . 
  and exactly why is n't it the government 's responsibility to educate its citizens ? 
  governments compete in the world marketplace too . 
  and it 's a government that shits on its people that should worry about its position in that marketplace . 
  we had slaves for a long time , so i guess reviving that idea should be pretty mainstream too . 
  whether we did it before is not the measure of radical . 
  we 've been moving in the opposite direction for many decades , albeit not apace with our western counterparts , who are now outperforming us in many areas . 
  turning around and going back to our 150-year-old past would be quite radical indeed . 
  his point , as i understand it , is that government does a bad job educating its citizens . 
  so i do n't see how i 'm proving his point by mentioning countries that are doing it right , even if we 're talking about ones the size of rhode island . 
  germany , by the way , has a great system and a population roughly a quarter the size of ours . 
  this guy is n't talking about states ' rights . 
  the states already control education . 
  he 's talking about getting the government out of the business , which , to put it bluntly , is a bullshit idea that was in no way supported by my previous comment . 
  edit : i had n't remembered his point precisely when i posted this . 
  apologies for that . 
  but my point does n't change . 
  it 's not about the level of government , but the soundness of the system that matters . 
  seems to me that the transition from animistic religious belief ( i.e. , perceiving a spiritual presence in inanimate objects ) to polytheism ran parallel to the economic transition from hunting , gathering , and limited agriculture to more specialized labor . 
  as early cultures had no understanding of `` natural '' phenomena , it would have been a reasonable supposition that the larger events in the natural world -- that is , those clearly beyond human control -- were controlled by beings with superhuman abilities in the same specialized manner by which human concerns were controlled . 
  monotheism , in turn , became a means of consolidation and control once societies became complex and psychological control by the sovereign entities seemed necessary for continued progress . 
  if college is done right ( on the part of the institution * and * the student ) , the experience shapes the whole person . 
  people who say that they never use what they learned in college either did n't invest in the experience properly or fail to consider the less tangible benefits of attending ( i.e. , improved cultural literacy , broadened worldview , newly understood connections across disciplines , etc. ) . 
  this is part of the rationale behind some employers ' `` degree required '' condition for job applicants , even if the degree does not directly relate to the position offered . 
  in the u.s. 
  i would break the two-party system and put a multiparty parliamentary one in its place . 
  in addition i would replace the constitution with a new one that articulates the rights of the people less ambiguously and puts people before corporations and moneyed interests . 
  it would be nice to at least be in the ballpark with other western nations instead of all but rock bottom in the quality of life metrics . 
  that public sex offender registries should be abolished along with all residency restrictions , and that community notification requirements should be limited to repeat offenders who have been independently evaluated and adjudicated likely to reoffend . 
  the current system provides nothing but a false sense of security to the public , and represents an unsophisticated , almost * atavistic * human tendency to enjoy the imposition of suffering on other people . 
  when i was four , i told my dad i wanted to make a car with a wiper on the rear window . 
  a minute had n't passed before one passed us on the road and he pointed it out to me . 
  be prepared to adjust some of the thinking with which you , over the years , have used to support misguided assumptions . 
  of course , you may not encounter too many challenges to your core ideas while you 're studying numbers . 
  $ 1,100 on a suit , shoes , and a couple of tie and shirt sets at men 's wearhouse , in anticipation of a job interview . 
  it had been over a decade since i 'd worn a suit , and i just thought it was the cost of doing business -- until just about everyone i told about it said i spent roughly three times more than i needed to . 
  going to the beach . 
  you fight for parking , drag a bunch of shit from the car to a place where at least one person has to guard all the stuff , get sand all over * everything * , and then do what ? 
  read ? 
  nothing ? 
  swim in water that will leave you covered in salt ? 
  sorry , not my thing . 
  but everyone else in my family loves it so i go along . 
  / r/fifthworldproblems . 
  the best posts conjure memories of douglas adams every time . 
  spotify . 
  i 'd probably not run into the same amount of disagreement here as i would among the general population , but the more i look critically at the united states , and the more time i spend visiting and talking to people from other western countries , the closer i get to concluding that the u.s. is full of hollow promises , supported by a culture eager to sing its praises without seeking any real substantiation of the claims . 
  it reminds me of a big church , where everybody sings the songs and shouts hallelujah and nobody stops to think `` hey , is there any truth to this shit ? '', 
  i become livid when someone interjects while i 'm in the process of articulating a thought . 
  i have a habit of speaking with commas , and people often use those moments to butt-in , and it drives me batshit even though i know this is how conversation often goes , not just with me , but with everyone . 
  everyday . 
  even fairly astute and literate people fuck this one up . 
  one does n't do something `` everyday . '', 
  it 's two words if you 're referring to something being done on a daily basis . 
  `` everyday '' means commonplace or normal , as in `` i wore my everyday clothes to the bar mitzvah . '', 
  stereotyping in general is harmful , but one of the most egregious examples in the current cultural and political climate is the way the terms `` sex offender , '' `` pedophile , '' and `` predator '' are used interchangeably . 
  this results in great injustice for people who have offended sexually in some way , because society views these people as , and treats them like , psychopathic would-be child rapists who are constantly prowling for victims . 
  the truth is that the portion of people labeled as sex offenders who actually conform to the commonly held view of people so labeled is very , very small . 
  source : [ this ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/paul-heroux/sex-offenders-recidivism_b_976765.html ) article provides some insight , but there are plenty of others closer to the point that i do n't have time to track down right now . 
  do n't forget to check out psn . 
  look specifically for the indie titles . 
  i 've purchased several indie games for $ 10-15 that were lots of fun and had significant replay value . 
  some titles that come to mind include eden , journey , flower , and limbo . 
  this is valid advice , of course , only if spurting blood and guts is not a requirement . 
  i 'm not a philosophy expert , but i do find kant 's categorical imperative to be a pretty compelling measure of whether it is `` wrong '' to do this or that . 
  namely , could society survive if everybody were to perform the behavior in question . 
  if not , then that behavior can be considered `` wrong . '', 
  this is perhaps an oversimplification , but i think i got the essence of it right . 
  well , you 're certainly entitled to think so . 
  and you 're not alone in your opinion , or at risk of being hated for it . 
  but your logic is no better than that of someone who says a thief is a thief , or a murderer a murderer , and so on . 
  a rational person recognizes that there are degrees of severity , differences in motive , and varied circumstances , all of which contribute to a more honest and just understanding of the criminal act and the proper remedy to be applied to the perpetrator . 
  people usually do n't have difficulty with this notion as it applies to other crimes , but once the sexual component is introduced , emotional reactions knock their ability to apply dispassionate logic right off the rails . 
  the vast majority of `` the history of mankind '' involved fixed , forced marriages of barely pubescent girls to men twice their age . 
  however , your point has a hint of validity : it was n't a crime then . 
  and how do you feel about the 19-year-old who has sexual contact with his 16-year-old girlfriend ? 
  you should do some googling and see which `` sex crimes '' now get people slapped with a label under the adam walsh act ( e.g. , indecent exposure resulting from public urination ) . 
  what you 've done here is prove my point . 
  your reactions are very strong , but laden with emotion and uninformed by available , objective fact . 
  have to point out a mathematical error here , although it strengthens your point . 
  sorry if someone else caught this already . 
  if the galaxy is 39 trillion cubic light years in volume , and a light year is about 6 trillion miles , you have to cube those 6 trillion miles before multiplying the result by 39 trillion to get the volume of the galaxy in miles . 
  think of two cubic feet . 
  the value in inches is n't 2x12 , but rather 2x12 ^ 3 . 
  the other commenters have about covered it here , but i would add one thing regarding your disposition that i believe should accompany the other advice presented here : exercise humility at every stage of your progress . 
  it 's hard not to take criticism personally . 
  but in my experience , i benefitted the most from both the immersive practice * and * paying careful attention to constructive criticism , and then doing the work necessary to address the informed criticism i received , however humbling it was to do so . 
  it 's covered pretty well here already , but to provide an example , or analogy : a confident person addresses a group of people and respectfully and clearly states his or her position on an issue . 
  an arrogant person addresses the group in a manner that is dismissive of all caveats , differences of opinion , and that does n't convey respect for the listener . 
  that the who 's who of the world are actually large shape-shifting lizards disguised as humans -- promoted by a guy named david icke . 
  might as well throw in stan romanek and his following , who are certain that the world is crawling with extra terrestrials who are careless enough to get videotaped peeping through people 's bedroom windows and running naked through their homes . 
  the death penalty . 
  my moral compass tells me that `` all else being equal , '' it is just to take the life of a person who plans and executes the taking of another person 's life without provocation . 
  but the progressive , compassionate side of me ca n't shake the knowledge that capital punishment is frequently administered unjustly , the belief that the state should not have the power of life and death over its citizens , or the knowledge that every other modern western democratic society has abolished this form of punishment , for reasons that seem to reflect a better side of human nature . 
  same as any legal document that relies on collective faith for its usefulness . 
  does a dollar bill really constitute a dollar 's worth of value ? 
  well , yeah , as long as we all believe it does , and the representation is sanctioned by a sovereign entity .
