  we knew i 'd be getting out of the army in another year and a half and that having a baby after that time ( in the u.s. ) would be a disaster for a young family just starting out . 
  i 've never understood the opposition to single-payer healthcare in the u.s. , except when taking into account that the people who are so vociferously against it must not know how much peace of mind comes with such a system , and that quality of life is vastly improved through having that peace of mind . 
  `` socialism '' is a buzzword that the right adopted following the cold war , when in the minds of many americans it was equated with communist dictatorship . 
  the negative connotation of the word lingers for many people , and the right has used it to scare people into believing that implementing a common-sense government benefit is tantamount to creating tyranny . 
  it 's lost on many americans that a great many western nations surpass us in a range of quality-of-life metrics * because * of socialism . 
  more-conservative vermont ? 
  they 're responsible for electing the only socialist senator in the country . 
  this is exactly the problem with this country compared to our western counterparts . 
  germany , sweden , and 20-plus ( or more ) other nations enjoy a better quality of life than we do , have far more income equality , and so on , precisely because they have a sense of being in this thing together . 
  people in the u.s. by comparison are appallingly quick to point fingers , scapegoat sub-groups , and adopt an us-versus-them mentality toward fellow citizens . 
  there are a lot of reasons for this , and there 's no telling if it will ever change . 
  but we inhibit our own progress relative to other western democracies as a result . 
  i do n't remember where i read this , so i do n't have a source ( it was probably here somewhere ) , but apparently it would only cost the u.s. about $ 13 billion dollars ( on top of what is already being spent ) to provide free university education to its citizens . 
  it , like universal healthcare , is such a commonsense thing to do , but it 'll be generations before it happens ( if it ever happens ) because of a political culture that resists this sort of thing . 
  i 'm one of those `` fucking libs '' you 're talking about . 
  i 've also lived in europe , where countries pay less than we do as a percentage of gdp for their single-payer healthcare systems and where the quality of life and various well-being metrics make us an embarrassment to the western world . 
  so yeah , i 'd prefer the kind of government that keeps pace with the best of them and is responsive to the needs of its citizens . 
  if consumers do n't have enough disposable income to consume at a rate that keeps the economy healthy , the `` job creators '' you mention wo n't have a reason to hire anybody . 
  this is why consumers were billed as job creators in the article . 
  i 'm not sure u/burning1rr was implying a causal relationship . 
  a shrinking or otherwise unhealthy middle class is n't necessarily a cause of anything . 
  it could just as well be a symptom . 
  and when the government has to pay out billions in benefits to mcdonald 's employees because mcdonald 's does n't pay its workers enough to pay for basic necessities , it should n't have a say ? 
  you 're right . 
  i really just wish someone would take away the roads , traffic signals , police forces , meat inspectors , consumer protections , military , schools , clean water supplies , and rules against harming one another in this country so we can get on with the business of creating a dystopian hellscape like all the * other * advanced countries in the world have done . 
  wait , so low interest rates and government guarantees made banks authorize sub-prime , ballooning mortgages for borrowers they knew could n't afford to pay them back , and then made finance firms bundle these toxic debts into financial instruments that they rated as low risk despite knowing that they were crap , and sell them to investors who were none the wiser ? 
  someone should throw those low interest rates and government guarantees in jail !, 
  like in the 1950 's , when the top marginal tax rate was over 90 % ? 
  edit : i know no one will pay attention to this , but i came back when i saw the downvotes to add that we had over 4 % real annual growth during this time . 
  look it up . 
  it 's not hard . 
  and i 'm not wrong . 
  just the same as democracy means everyone votes on every decision . 
  we call the governments of the west `` democracies '' because they operate on democratic principles , even though they are not democracies in the strictest sense . 
  social programs are manifestations of socialism . 
  that is why the governments of europe and scandinavia are called social democracies . 
  just because they do n't adopt the purest form of socialism does n't mean they are not socialist . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  are you calling the person formerly known as `` james the giant '' a peach ? 
  or are you saying that the person is no longer `` james the giant peach '' ? 
  if it 's the former , it should read `` you 're no longer james the giant , peach . '', 
  if the latter , then `` you 're no longer james the giant peach . '', 
  i 'm not naturally bilingual or fluent in german , but i know enough german to feel moderately comfortable in most conversations . 
  german has a lot of words and expressions that capture certain ideas more efficiently than english does ( surprise , surprise ) , and knowing both languages , i sometimes think thoughts that are a mixture of the most efficient elements the two . 
  in some cases german words just took over as better representations of ideas than their english counterparts . 
  like when , for example , i think or feel like saying `` genau '' instead of `` exactly . '', 
  i wonder if there 's something about driving in particular that makes this experience more likely to happen than in other settings . 
  the only time i 've experienced anything like this has been while driving . 
  an atheist 's perspective , and one i personally agree with , is that there is no objective reason to believe there is a god in the first place , as our notions of god are cultural constructs . 
  it 's not that people are seeing something that looks like god in action and are saying `` how do you know that 's not really god ? '', 
  it 's that people believe in something that * no one * sees and then demand proof that that thing does n't exist , when logically one would expect the demand for proof to go in the other direction . 
  i was a believer growing up and it took me * years * to accept this fundamental logic , so i certainly can relate to your perspective . 
  but i 've really become comfortable with the idea that the burden of proof is on the ones who claim as objective truth the existence of things for which there is no evidence , or for which newly discovered evidence has contradicted the old . 
  no comment on the strange and interesting story . 
  just wanted to say that i know you guys in finland are taught english from an early age , but damn , you write * well * in a language that is not your own . 
  setup or not , this shit made me laugh like hell . 
  now if only you would have a dream with something akin to 38-12-41-22-28-36 you 'd be set for life . 
  imagine how shocked most people are when they visit nyc . 
  maryland 's a weird exception , i 'm guessing because there are many people living there who do n't think twice about driving ridiculous distances to get paid well . 
  cross over into pa a ways and prices drop dramatically . 
  london is , after all , [ the most expensive city in the world ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/map-world-most-least-expensive-cities-2014-1 ) . 
  got through the first paragraph and i started to think about my own basic training in the army . 
  pretty terrifying experience for someone still weeks away from turning 18 . 
  well where * else * should he go to film children ? 
  yeah . 
  i turned 18 in basic . 
  best birthday ever . 
  do n't know where you 're from but here it 's ( or was ) a program called delayed entry . 
  i `` joined '' while still in high school , with my father 's permission . 
  a month or so after graduation i got on a plane and never went back . 
  drunk . 
  kid . 
  it 's what you wear to and from the gym that makes the difference . 
  i do n't even know how to react to this . 
  i mean , thank you . 
  til there truly is no limit to what 's out there . 
  upvote for `` embiggen . '', 
  took me back to g.w. 
  why would the left promote propaganda that paints their former great hope as a disappointment ? 
  many people on the left are not happy with obama 's failure to deliver on progressive priorities . 
  why anyone would think this is a propaganda move is beyond me . 
  and tanks . 
  and satellite guidance systems and stuff . 
  i 'm saving my pennies as we speak . 
  what planet do you come from that you are able to cast hitler as a leftist ? 
  of all the shit i 've seen . 
  please tell me i misunderstood this comment . 
  we had more `` freedom '' because we were a massively agrarian society . 
  few people had or needed the goal of going out and `` getting a job . '', 
  the economy we live in today does n't support this antiquated ideal . 
  til that to advance its political goals , a party should throw its leader under the bus . 
  okay . 
  perhaps i overreacted a bit , then . 
  but their left/right scale is dead wrong . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's ignorance or slight of hand . 
  the continuum that runs from totalitarianism to anarchy is mutually exclusive from the one that runs from `` left '' to `` right . '', 
  the soviet union , especially under stalin , is a quintessential example of left-wing totalitarianism . 
  nazi germany is a quintessential example of right-wing totalitarianism . 
  whether one has liberal or conservative political ideals , one can support a greater or lesser degree of state-sponsored enforcement of those ideals . 
  i think this is misunderstood in much of our political discourse .
