  and yet the economy is n't generating a number and quality of jobs to match the number of people getting these expensive college degrees . 
  i could support to a degree your agnosticism/indifference on a theoretical plane where aggravating and mitigating factors were not present . 
  but what we see instead is a political climate that wo n't permit common-sense relief for people who made reasonable choices that did n't work out as hoped . 
  are people entitled to such relief ? 
  no , not strictly . 
  but * could * something be done that would provide some measure of relief to borrowers while ensuring that lenders receive a reasonable return ? 
  of course . 
  but that 's not happening . 
  someone in this thread mentioned a $ 900 payment that applied only $ 13 to principal . 
  that 's pretty extreme . 
  i do n't think a call for relief of some kind will result in the dictatorship of the proletariat in this case . 
  i know part of the discussion involved the question of defaulting . 
  i will neither advocate nor condemn such a thing . 
  but if you condemn it , could you do it in a way that does n't insult the people who got themselves into the position they 're in , not through recklessness , but instead by way of reasonable choices that yielded unfortunate results ? 
  well , let me say that i appreciate such a reasonable reply from someone who is about as far from me politically as a person can get without wearing a uniform of some kind . 
  if you think my side slings mud , you should see what it 's like for me sometimes trying to dance with people who sink themselves knee-deep in a bucket of concrete before the music starts . 
  but anyway , point taken on the party line . 
  i believe there were two democrat defectors . 
  shall we fight over which party crosses the aisle more often ? 
  i 'll opt for `` no '' at this point , because i 'm tired and i do n't know the answer anyway , although do i have my suspicions . 
  my answer to your third paragraph is really what i 'm here for . 
  to your first point i would just say that , while for a segment of our population such proposals are `` hard lefty crap , '' there is an equal if not larger segment that does n't see it in that light at all . 
  and interestingly , at a time when the country as a whole was culturally far more conservative , taxation at the proposed rates were n't just mainstream , but were in fact conservative by comparison . 
  mind you , i would have to dig a little to find the actual numbers , but from what i remember , this is correct . 
  if you 're really dying to know what i 'm talking about , just look up progressive taxation in the 1950s . 
  and besides that , in comparison with other developed nations , the proposed rates also do not qualify as anything extreme . 
  so you see , it 's a matter of perspective . 
  now about the obamacare thing . 
  i actually think it 's an intriguing idea . 
  i mean , you 're right to say that a bill that included concessions to republicans may very well have lured enough of them to vote for the bill , and that it would have also made a vote against harder to sell to constituents . 
  my best guess , though , is that neither party wants to be the first to propose a bill that shoots itself in the foot to achieve success on a new initiative . 
  cast in a different light , could you see republicans putting up a bill that repeals obamacare and provides free college tuition with the savings ? 
  again , it 's an intriguing strategy that would definitely put pressure in weird places , but who 's going to be the first to put * that * on the table ? 
  anyway , that 's all i can keep my eyes open for . 
  goodnight !, 
  the problem for some people is that they need the job , and there 's no protection for people who bring suit against the owner , so they just have to take it unless they want to end up beating the pavement . 
  in a non-restaurant example , a friend of mine was told he had to authorize a driving record check at his job . 
  where we live there are two levels of background checking : a three-year and a ten-year . 
  the latter has more restrictions on why it can be requested , but both require authorization by the employee . 
  my friend authorized a three-year check and got a copy of the authorization ( he had to go out of his way to get it ) . 
  later , he learned that a ten-year check had been done on him , and he found that the hr department had altered the form after he 'd signed it . 
  he had proof , and he consulted two lawyers . 
  both said the same thing : you have a case , but nothing can stop the company from firing you the moment they 're served with it . 
  he needs his job . 
  he let it go . 
  well , this is a thoughtful and measured response that i find uncommon on reddit ( maybe i hang out in the wrong neighborhoods ) , so thank you . 
  i really ca n't say i disagree with anything you 've said here . 
  i 've become a little sensitive to , and to a degree bitter about , exchanges where one or both parties is being intransigent for reasons that do n't seem to call for it , or not doing the small amount of work it takes to get where the other guy is coming from . 
  i can see why you would have found some of the stuff in here irksome , so i get it . 
  i think i would have approached it differently , but that 's not to say i 've always approached things in the best way around here , either . 
  thanks again . 
  i know it 's a few days old , but since you 're the only one who responded , i 'll check with you on what i 've found , if you do n't mind . 
  a great deal of the activity is going on with ntuser.dat , which i guess is one component of the pagefile system , right ? 
  are you aware of anything that can be done here ? 
  sorry , also pagefile.sys . 
  lots of that . 
  fair enough . 
  seems that my friend 's issue did n't fall under the flsa . 
  here we go again with the talking points . 
  there are 10 types of people who will read this : those who understand it , and those who do n't . 
  i was n't even aware such filters exist . 
  what criteria do they use for filtering ? 
  or is that something determined by the user ? 
  i dunno , i 'm not a * total * socialist , but i could get into some freedom burgers and government coveralls . 
  medium and large , respectively . 
  edit so as not to seem low-effort : i did n't know socialism included food and clothes . 
  well , food , maybe , but not clothes . 
  never knew about clothes . 
  i would love to see an update to this post once all is said and done !, 
  that . 
  that would be expensive . 
  dare fee ? 
  god , whoever managed to maneuver * that * into the list has friends in the right places . 
  you got ta get there by boat , and boats cost money , and so does the fuel and the life jackets and whatnot . 
  i ca n't get solid numbers out of google , so it 's hard to tell exactly how one could go about this in the most cost-effective way . 
  still , you 'd need volunteers and you 'd have to pack a lot of sandwiches and oh , man . 
  it seems like one of those things that sound great at first , but then you 're like * what ? 
  the extermination crew is unionized !? 
  * and you 're giving paid vacations and setting up port-a-potties and you 've got women on maternity leave and on and on and on . 
  i 'm no expert , though . 
  i just think the job is too big for this subreddit . 
  ahh , see how bad it is when the stuff 's believable ? 
  it 's not that . 
  my goodness , i 'd get everybody pregnant if i could . 
  it 's just that i have , like , a couple of cameras and a stamp collection ( it 's in a box somewhere , though , so i 'd have to dig it up ) , and a few other items i could sell here and there , and that 's not enough to pay for all these things . 
  we would definitely need more people to help . 
  but holy crap , advertising costs money too !, 
  i 'm just out of ideas , that 's all . 
  maybe the prices will come down if more people get involved . 
  like , we 'll get rich people to start with rhode island or something -- nothing bigger than delaware , for sure . 
  and then more people could jump in for places like vermont -- no , not vermont , that 's where america 's best senator is -- new hampshire . 
  texas will have to come last , though , because it 's so big . 
  and it would cost a lot . 
  a good beginning for sure . 
  and hey , i have some friends in warchester !, 
  oh , they 'll totally help , you can count on that . 
  and we can round some up in norwitch and other english places . 
  but we 'll need lots of privies and loos lol . 
  pretty sure he meant to say jillions . 
  ugh , no .
