   if i think his site does a poor job of delivering information on climate change , which i do , then i 'm not going to pretend otherwise . 
  so you 're saying it 's impossible to ask for other resources without being insulting , i guess . 
  no one 's asking you to pretend anything . 
  are manners really something new to you ? 
  because orange mocha frappuccino !, 
  seriously . 
  i have a * seventh grader * and the school district has n't made the * slightest * effort to tell her what a cunt nancy grace is . 
  we 're moving to canada . 
  no , you 're right . 
  being a douche is n't wrong . 
  it 's just being a douche . 
  every time i learn something new about that region i get the impression that it 's as culturally dense as it is population-dense . 
  i mean , maybe that 's stating the obvious , but to your average guy in the u.s. it 's quite a thing to wrap your head around . 
  someone just changed the life of a 43-year-old . 
  wow , so many downvotes and i had the same impression . 
  this whole incident speaks volumes about the differences people experience in their perceptions ( and about how a story can be spun in any direction ) . 
  the cop was responding to what he understood to be a possible robbery . 
  his behavior was completely reasonable under the circumstances . 
  the firefighter also was reasonable to be frightened by the experience . 
  and i do n't see where he lied . 
  he seems to have told the story as he experienced it . 
  the news program was pretty awful , though . 
  but the article was no better . 
  edit : grammars . 
  i do n't know what other reason there is for reading a book . 
  fiction , at least . 
  good fiction , in my view , is less about the story than it is about how the story is told . 
  i get whizzing through nonfiction , when the goal is obtaining information . 
  but why would someone rip through tolstoy , for example ? 
  or any other work of fiction , really ? 
  yeah , i guess it 's different for everyone . 
  i 'm inclined to think it has more to do with what a person is getting out of the work . 
  by your account , it 's the story that grips you . 
  for me it 's the language , and i think that difference speaks to our ( and maybe other people 's ) preferences regarding pace . 
  i would say it 's a particularly vocal minority , albeit a rather large one . 
  the real majority , in my completely unscientific estimation , either favors more control or is indifferent . 
  that vocal group , though , is well represented by people who exhibit a healthy mix of paranoid and batshit crazy . 
   the constitution ** does n't ** give the president the authority to put the military into action . 
  constitutionally , the instigation of military force requires congressional authority . 
  to `` declare war '' and to `` instigate military force '' are not the same thing , though . 
  is there something i missed ? 
   the reason for the war powers act was to enable the president to react to emergent situations , such as attacks on american soil and direct , emergent threats to america . 
  i thought it was enacted in response to the nixon administration 's overreach during vietnam . 
  did i miss something there , too ? 
  well that settles it , i guess . 
  yes , i 'm aware of that particular disconnect . 
  it 's an interesting point to make , but it does n't speak to the issue of why any `` authorization '' is necessary in the first place . 
  wow , so exactly how many fake accounts did / u/loganwhd employ to drum up business through this ama ? 
  i understand the principle , but principles do n't hold sway against plain text ( or its absence ) . 
  so congress has the power to declare war . 
  it has n't done so since wwii . 
  the commander in chief `` should '' seek authorization to send troops into battle , you say . 
  i do n't have to agree or disagree . 
  instead i 'll just ask , `` what if he does n't ? '', 
   the ability to declare war is the only means of initiating conflict listed in the constitution . 
  there is no power that grants any similar power to the executive . 
  well , except for the part where it makes him commander in chief . 
  i 'm not staking out a position here . 
  i 'm genuinely curious to know more about executive use of the military in the absence of a war declaration , both before and after the wpa . 
  there 's that `` should '' again . 
  the can of worms you just opened involves a separate but related issue , namely , whether the president 's acting under his authority as cic ( but against the will of congress ) constitutes `` high crimes and misdemeanors . '', 
  it may be clear in your mind , but i do n't think the legal doctrine in this area is so black-and-white . 
  but presidents * have * committed troops on their own in the past , so to some extent it * does * work that way . 
  i think the real problem is constitutional ambiguity coupled with a rapidly changing international environment . 
  also , i believe the aumf is an addendum of sorts to the wpa . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm interested in revisiting that . 
  but here we come to the issue and potential incongruity between principle and practice . 
  i would n't argue for a minute that it was n't the framers ' intention to have those two functions clearly divided . 
  but something weird happened when the international scene became more complicated and we stopped `` declaring '' war but nevertheless continued to put troops into action . 
  i 'm really interested in looking back at executive war powers across history . 
  tomorrow , though . 
  it 's * way * past my bedtime . 
  i 'm sure you understand that `` violating the constitution '' has degrees and is also subject to interpretation and argument . 
  i should add , too , that i am not attempting to defend or argue against the actions of any president . 
  this issue is no less controversial today than it was 70 years ago and i thought it would be an interesting topic to look at in this sub . 
  i have played the devil 's advocate with people because i notice a lot of certainty in the comments over a question that has been argued about for decades by people who argue over constitutional questions for a living . 
  well , when i wrote that i was conjuring vague memories of reagan 's use of the military ( my lifetime starts during nixon 's first term ) and what i could remember about kennedy and nixon 's use of troops , so in order to provide you with something less vague i checked into it a little . 
  as it happens , the issue has been controversial enough that there 's debate about the debate . 
  people who defend presidential authority cite [ well over 100 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_war_by_the_united_states#other_undeclared_wars ) cases of the president committing troops without authorization from congress . 
  but [ it has been pointed out ] ( http://constitution.findlaw.com/article2/annotation08.html ) ( see second section ) that many of the examples offered are cases of minor responses to immediate threats . 
  [ generally ] ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/war_powers ) , though , at least when it comes to major engagements , it seems that truman , kennedy , johnson , and nixon have employed troops in one way or another not expressly authorized by congress . 
  i do n't have actual data on the phenomenon , but i have the impression that this sort of rebranding and hair splitting balloons around every major crisis , whether it 's real or perceived -- and particularly so after 9/11 . 
  it 's hard to read a person 's disposition through text sometimes , so forgive me for saying i detect smugness in this comment if smugness is not what you intended . 
  i would n't have any quarrel with your first two statements , even if those facts mattered , which they do n't . 
  at least not in a way that carries much legal weight . 
  i 'll take for granted for now that i do n't have to walk you through the many examples of what `` should n't '' be , but is , in our legal system , or of the founders not getting what they `` wanted '' in the end . 
  your last statement assumes more than its right . 
  among the egregious things it assumes is that when president obama makes a public statement acknowledging his authority to do something under a particular law , he personally or in his official capacity stands by the constitutionality or constitutional necessity of that law . 
  there are several reasons why this assumption oversteps , not the least of which would result from a simple cost/benefit analysis any president would do while picking his battles . 
  if he can make the legal argument that his actions fall within the scope of a law meant to govern his behavior , then he does n't have to face the far more arduous battle of challenging the law itself . 
  if you get a speeding ticket would you rather make the case that you were n't really speeding , or that the speed limit itself is unreasonable ? 
  if you choose the former , does that mean you think the speed limit is reasonable ? 
  of course not . 
  but this is clear to anyone . 
  yes , thank you for adding this bit to the discussion . 
  this change was made , i believe , because there was some fear that congress , being by definition a deliberative body , would not be able to act with the swiftness necessary to respond to certain exigencies . 
  or , rather , that the president would not be able to act with necessary swiftness if he were beholden to an authorization from congress . 
  the idea , as i understand it , was that the president would initiate action as called for by the situation and that he would then call upon congress to declare a war and support it with funds , which they would be in no way obligated to do . 
  if you take that premise and apply it in a world so thoroughly interconnected as ours is today , you 're gon na have some big separation-of-powers issues .
