  it 's one of those bizarre things i encountered on reddit the first time , and it made me do a double take . 
  i seriously do n't know where people get some of their ideas about baby boomers . 
  note : i 'm in the so-called generation x. 
  my parents were early boomers . 
  i 'm surprised the $ 600 did the trick , frankly . 
  i 'm guessing the support system was pretty reliable . 
  this is a truly remarkable story . 
  thank you . 
  short of offering a critique of your facts , i 'll just say that even if your facts are impeccable , none of this supports the idea that baby boomers coasted through life , or better yet ( according to some of the millennial criticisms of boomers i 've seen ) that they `` used up all the benefits for themselves and then voted them all away . '', 
  this is pure nonsense . 
  besides , the boomer `` generation is defined as encompassing nearly two separate generations , with very different concerns . 
  i think it 's because the declaration of independence was never set to music . 
  probably for emotional reasons , too . 
  tiny bubbles , i hear , can make people happy and full of cheer . 
  i was gon na say . 
  i 've been working from home for a few years now and this is pretty much me -- without the female bits and the baby . 
  the sound specs look better with the new model . 
  i do n't know what the official claim was for the # 3 model , but i only get 2-channel sound out of mine . 
  i 'd have to check to be 100 % sure , but i do n't think it 's set on optical because i have no optical cable running from it . 
  i must have something set up wrong , then . 
  yeah , i 'll have to revisit the settings . 
  i do n't know what 's going on . 
   fwiw, 
  in this context , i 'd say quite a bit . 
  this is why i work from home . 
  / u/al _ prazolam do n't care ` bout no data caps . 
  was probably going for 2/5 . 
  got his constitutional math wrong . 
  no , because he was talking about what was excluded . 
  in the constitution , 3/5 were * counted . 
  two kennedy kids fought in that war . 
  one of them died . 
  george h. w. bush fought in it . 
  and this is just toilet memory . 
  your interpretation may have pockets of truth to it , but it is flawed as an overarching idea . 
  the government should assign everyone to a posse according to personality type upon graduation from high school . 
  each posse should have one meathead , one geek , a charmer of each gender one 15 % or under minority , one 2 % or under minority , one artist , and enough extras to keep us from running out of minorities . 
  it would be like sense8 in real life , only without the telepathy . 
  well i * would * be embarrassed . 
  meat and potatoes ca n't even talk . 
  it was both for me . 
  my first wtf downvote moment was when i gave some ( solicited ) grammar advice and all the linguistics 101 people came out in droves to shit on me . 
  yeah , but it was n't , which is my point . 
  edit : to be clear , the issue is between * objective * `` correctness '' and the kind of correctness that helps prevent your resume and cover letter from being tossed in the trash . 
  there 's a pocket of reddit that loves to jump on so-called grammar nazis because * ooo , shakespeare this and ooo , dialect that , * but this group , in its success at being non-judgmental , fails to account for the fact that many people who * are * judgemental will judge you by your use of grammar , and that these people sometimes do matter . 
  props for the sniglet . 
  sounds like some orgy . 
  you think his dad wrote that comment ? 
  i think he 's just callous toward his fingers . 
  we actually do similar shit all the time in the u.s. , such as when we try a child as an adult because of the seriousness of the crime , and in other similar circumstances . 
  a lot of what separates our behavior from what seems backward to us is a matter of degree and not of kind . 
  i actually object to the whole idea of separating academia from the `` real world . '', 
  both environments are real . 
  people just occupy different roles in a given field . 
  there 's a certain kind of value that comes from hands-on experience , and there 's a certain kind that comes from research . 
  the two endeavors overlap , but both are necessary . 
  the people who are poo-pooing their own `` real-world '' usefulness are being coy , i think . 
  they 're in the real world , and they 're useful . 
  forty-four here . 
  put on about 30 pounds from 2-1/2 years of working from home . 
  it puts pressure on my sciatic nerve , apparently , causing my left thigh to go numb from time to time . 
  no exercise has made me tender as a veal . 
  i cut some trees with a chainsaw and the pressure and imbalance on my lower back has caused me near constant pain for about four months . 
  i ca n't run anymore . 
  i have to walk , and that hurts . 
  i 'd be a tasty morsel for a natural predator . 
  i was a fucking racehorse at 33 . 
  edit : my app did n't like leading a sentence with a number . 
  i was thinking that the lips would make a great tee ? 
  what about ham radio ? 
  i dunno , but i 'd give your comment 83 % . 
  well , 180 sounds pretty good for 6 ' 1 '' . 
  you 're used to being pretty thin !, 
  but yeah , my point was just that things can go south pretty fast in your 40s , so keep that shit in check while you can !, 
  m'burger 's . 
  i believe his point is that the `` laundering '' is the obscuring or legitimizing of the source . 
  paying taxes is a consequence of that legitimization . 
  if you fail to pay taxes on laundered money , that 's tax evasion . 
  the irs enforces that , not the fbi . 
  so money laundering is n't about paying taxes , it 's about legitimizing the source of your income . 
  you can launder money without paying taxes . 
  wait , so polish people are getting free food from reddit ? 
  that 's bullshit , man . 
  i think latin , being a dead language , is properly referred to as necromantic . 
  lol . 
  yeah , `` you 're boring '' is n't the best pick-up line . 
  i wonder what was intended there . 
  every video i watch , every snippet i see and every interview i read about srs induces a hatred i have n't felt for someone in a long time . 
  it 's not an implicit hatred like i would have for a murderer , psychopath or a bully . 
  no , it 's a lot more nuanced than that . 
  it 's the same type of hatred that you get when someone cuts you in line at the supermarket . 
  that type of anger that induces a little whence in the back of your neck and a shiver of anger echoing through the vestiges of your body . 
  that anger stems from my feeling that srs is the personification of all the ills of society . 
  srs represents the corporate greed corroding the foundations of the things i love , the person looking for a handout , the one who 's always looking to blame others instead of their own ineptitude , the person quick to use lawyers and sue instead of having a personal conversation . 
  srs is an adulterer and a liar and srs has abused the goodwill of our society for its own personal gain . 
  in short , srs is the type to cut its piece of the pie from the middle and still get mad when you eat the crust . 
  and it 's these very things about srs that represents the moral decay i despise . 
  i honestly can say this with a straight face . 
  i despise srs . 
  i do n't wish srs any physical harm because i 'm not that type of person , but i just wish srs would disappear from this website and by proxy my life in general .
