  no judgment . 
  it 's about motive and context . 
  i do n't see sickness or maladaptive behavior . 
  you do . 
  i 'm sorry you do . 
  but i would suggest something more like `` i do n't find that funny '' as opposed to `` that 's fucked up '' to express your opinion . 
  and your comment is what we call a `` non-sequitur . '', 
  okay , if we just pretend you did n't say what you did in the last sentence , we 'd have what is known as an understanding . 
  i totally agree with you in principle . 
  but the thing about principles is that they work wonderfully as abstractions , but things can get messy on the ground . 
  in 1776 we said `` all men are created equal . '', 
  in 1789 we said that black people held as property would be counted as 3/5 of a person . 
  how fucked up would it be to be considered 3/5 of a person under the law and not even have 3/5 of a vote ? 
  i love free speech . 
  but it does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  the nazis brought hell to earth . 
  free speech has consequences . 
  especially when it 's practiced irresponsibly . 
  i think it depends on one 's proximity to the events , the size of those events , and one 's knowledge or understanding of those events . 
  i understand that the idea that `` my genocide is worse than your genocide '' is silly as far as logic goes , but public policy does n't always reflect raw mathematical calculation or pure principles . 
  germany does n't give two shits about `` free speech '' if the speech you want to exercise is the same speech that ultimately led to the deaths of tens of millions of people in the quite recent past , and * in the name of germany . 
  * free speech in the united states is n't completely free , either . 
  we have our limits and exceptions here , too . 
  one thing many people forget about free speech as a principle is that there are consequences that come with anything you choose to say . 
  there are no guarantees of protection from those consequences . 
  if everyone were to exercise their free speech irresponsibly or abusively , free speech would eventually cease to be a thing . 
  the so-called controversy on reddit right now is a case in point . 
  if we ignore the fact that reddit is not the us government and neither promises nor owes a free speech platform to anyone , we can still see that to many people , free speech implies the right to say any fucked up thing you want , anywhere you want , and be free from consequences after you 've done that . 
  free speech does n't work that way , even if it * is * owed to you . 
  two out of three accounted for . 
  ew , you still have a body ? 
  agreed on most of this . 
  incitement does n't necessarily involve a tangible harm . 
  my point is that if our cities had been reduced to a pile of bricks and the state crushed , the thing that emerged from the rubble would probably have a different attitude about free speech than the one we have now . 
  and do n't forget that we advocate speech restrictions for defeated enemies , i.e. , de-baathification in iraq , de-nazification in germany , etc. 
  yes , that was my point . 
  as far as the confederate stuff is concerned , imagine that instead of just losing the civil war , the confederacy had instead brought about the destruction of the country . 
  our attitude might not be so lax in that case . 
  keep this in mind : after the civil war , the defeated states were forced to ratify three new constitutional amendments . 
  those amendments provided new protections , but they also put an end to certain `` rights '' that many people to that point believed were god-given . 
  nature has always favored whatever reproduces the most . 
  that 's what natural selection is . 
  that really does look nuts until the rationale is explained . 
  if i understand the question , i would call it `` intervening in nature 's process . '', 
  we just replaced nature 's selection with old fashioned `` selection '' in this case . 
  edit : i may have misunderstood your point . 
  if you did n't mean human intervention , then i 'd say that it is n't purely a numbers game when other species are in the equation . 
  it 's more about the particular way the species exploits the environment . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is with that vis-a-vis free speech . 
  i 'm sure that the loss of unpaid labor and shifts in the economy were contributing factors . 
  and that 's not the same thing . 
  and it 's also what half the country * wanted * to see , because it was a civil war . 
  i 'm also not sure if you have a sense of the difference in scale between the two cases . 
  when i talk about cities reduced to a pile of bricks , i 'm not using hyperbole . 
  or maybe i should say that the hyperbole is very close to the objective reality . 
  germany was destroyed and its state was replaced . 
  its constitution was written from scratch . 
  not only that , but it was also surrounded by countries that it had invaded and whose people it had terrorized , deported , exploited , and murdered on a massive scale . 
  this is qualitatively incomparable with what happened to mississippi . 
  edit : i think i should add an additional point . 
  we 're not talking about germany suppressing information . 
  you can buy books about nazism in germany . 
  nobody is being shielded from nazi ideas there . 
  what they 're suppressing is advocacy . 
  the reason free speech is even a thing in principle is to prevent the state from arbitrarily silencing speech it does n't like . 
  but nazism had actually been the dominant idea in germany . 
  it 's not an idea that needs advocacy anymore . 
  it won the day at one point , and everything went to hell as a result . 
  germany is saying `` you can read about it in a book , but we 're not tolerating advocacy for these ideas in the public sphere . '', 
  and i think they 're justified in doing so . 
  i have no quarrel with that if the opinion does n't affect public policy . 
  it also was n't my joke . 
  but i do n't think there was anything wrong with the joke or the person who made it . 
  in fact , i generally try to evaluate a joke when i hear a joke , and not the person who made it . 
  you have the freedom to call a person rather than the joke `` shitty '' when you do n't like the joke , but reasonable people will consider that attitude to be just as shitty . 
  yay rights indeed . 
  edit : hey downvoter , seriously : fuck you . 
  you 're so caught up in your crusade that you ca n't even see your own hypocrisy . 
  you know you victimize people when you judge their person and not their behavior , right ? 
  not the point , but that 's okay . 
  i 've made the point clearly enough . 
  wow , antiques . 
  all of our so-called god-given principles are balanced against state interests . 
  if it were thousands , it 's arguable that his assets would n't have been frozen . 
  millions ? 
  who 's going to be responsible for restitution if he * is * found guilty ? 
  it 's a fine line , i guess . 
  the key thing for me is that they did n't `` take ownership '' of the assets , but rather took control of them . 
  now , this civil forfeiture bullshit we have in the u.s. is a whole ` nuther ball of wax . 
  this is a good question . 
  i see a lot of references to what i understand to be principles of american jurisprudence here . 
  but the whole anglo world has common legal roots , so i do n't know what 's being mixed up here and what 's just common between/among the systems . 
  now i have to rethink my business model . 
  it 's hard for most people to understand where the line is drawn when it comes to certain rights . 
  free speech is another one . 
  yes , free speech is important and it matters . 
  but it does n't mean you 'll be shielded from the consequences of going around and saying really fucked up shit everywhere . 
  you have to own what happens when you do that . 
  so yeah , we 're innocent until proven guilty . 
  excellent plan .
