  he 's a conservative guy . 
  and i mean that in the general , dictionary sense , not the sense we 've internalized here in the u.s. wherein the words `` conservative '' and `` liberal '' automatically link to specific policy preferences . 
  he 's conservative by nature , by temperament . 
  he has strong opinions and he has no trouble applying sweeping generalizations to any group of `` others . '', 
  but his perspective and many of his specific opinions would have him labeled a leftist over here . 
  when we were in berlin together he was complaining to me about the homeless the same way an american conservative might . 
  only , his argument was not the `` get a job '' one that would win the day here . 
  instead he spoke proudly of what germany does for its citizens and said that the people on the streets should take advantage of those things . 
  and i totally understand the need to vent about the prevailing american ethos . 
  i just hope people recognize that there is a sizeable group of people here who also make fun of the things `` americans say . '', 
  right , it would seem so . 
  it 's just unfortunate that it took things off the rails , because people were reading things into the chief 's statement that were n't there , and so countering those things drew attention further away from the fact that the chief was n't even making a commentary on the community , but rather on the media and high-profile commentators . 
  yeah , i 'm a little late here , but the other commenter has it in a nutshell . 
  there 's enough stuff on hulu that we watch to make torrenting a pain in the nuts compared to the eight stinking bucks a month the service costs . 
  my favorite sandwich costs only a buck less than that . 
  also , although i did n't mention it originally , hulu has some original stuff we like , too . 
  we love quick draw , for example . 
  `` okay , sven , we 're good now . 
  all we got ta do is stay black-and-white and never move away from this island . '', 
  take it from your senior : the logic here does n't check out . 
  this cracks me up . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sincere or not . 
  because the guy you 're responding to was n't . 
  edit : seriously do n't know why this got downvoted . 
  this guy pointed out what appears to be a lifeboat on the larger ship , puts a little sail on it , and gets thanked with sincerity by someone else . 
  i get downvoted for finding this funny . 
  i would never schoon with one of those . 
  wait , so you 're saying that * from the fall of rome to the cold war . 
  and zombies * may have been a * history * book too ? 
  i 'm so done with books . 
  well , yeah , i agree , actually . 
  it 's just that the retort does n't hold water either . 
  it 's a go-to sort of reply that many of us use , but it does n't pass the test of logic . 
  one does n't need to be a filmmaker to be a film critic , for example . 
  no personal judgment here , especially with that username . 
  oh , shit , here we go . 
  this thread is ripe . 
  over here , sas !, 
  note : i actually have no quarrel with your comment . 
  but i expect some non-americans to see the use of `` america '' for the u.s. as part of our jingoistic profile , even though the word is , in fairness , used that way in many places outside of the u.s. 
  here 's the thing . 
  forgive me for being a bit contrarian ( we can do this in / r/circlebroke , ca n't we ? ), 
  but here 's my take :, 
  i saw the thread last night and just laughed , not because i have juvenile sense of humor ( which i sometimes do , but it 's still not why ) , but because op clearly knew the risks and did n't seem to be * actually * offended by what was going on ( he did n't remove or alter the photo , for example ) , and because it seemed to me that many of the comments were really just `` kids having fun '' in light of op 's being a good sport . 
  yes , there is a well established culture of being really shitty here , and of beating old jokes into the ground . 
  and it can be annoying . 
  but we ca n't forget that we 're talking about / r/pics here . 
  i mean , if i go to a library and see people behaving like chimps i probably have a stronger case for outrage than if i witness the same behavior happening at an amusement park . 
  the jokes are tired for those of us who have seen them used ad nauseam , and the whole tone of the thread was juvenile , but that 's kinda what i 'd expect from a default sub with a topic as generic as `` pics . '', 
  and i think that op knew precisely what would happen when he posted that picture . 
  edit : i love it . 
  downvoted in / r/circlebroke for expressing an opinion that is n't precisely the same as the others expressed in the thread . 
  i do like this sub , generally , but the irony of what goes on in here sometimes appears to be lost on some people . 
  edit 4 : removed edits 2 and 3 . 
  my sense of humor is not resonating today . 
  oh , i totally agree , man . 
  i lived in germany for 3-1/2 years and i was never referred to by germans as anything other than `` american , '' because that 's what people call us . 
  the thing about this place is , there are enough americans who say dumb shit to fuel a sizeable anti-american circlejerk . 
  only , there are people within that circlejerk who ca n't tell the difference between americans being `` american stupid '' and americans saying things that simply acknowledge the ubiquity ( in the west , at least ) of our language and culture . 
  it does n't mean we think we 're better than others when we refer to ourselves as americans , but some people will just lump that in with all the other u !, 
  stuff . 
  i do n't think it 's low-brow trash myself . 
  i think it 's a semi-ironic use of low-brow humor to make social commentary that is often insightful and useful . 
  to me it 's a bit like the / r/circlejerk version of what goes on here . 
  the problem with this kind of satire , though , is that a significant part of the audience will get more out of the vulgarity and the juvenile aspects of it than the social commentary or the irony . 
  and reddit is full of people like this , to be sure . 
  it 's like people laughing at the name `` bigus dickus '' in * the life of brian * and missing the social commentary that pervades the entire movie . 
  i just do n't like to throw the baby out with the bathwater when it comes to stuff like this . 
  haha , dude , this is so funny , seriously . 
  i really took the guy 's drawing for a joke because the larger boat has been identified by other commenters further up . 
  this guy here pointed out what seems like a lifeboat on the larger boat , and i thought it was funny because it 's a top-level comment wherein he identifies `` the boat , '' and then you thanked him sincerely , even though the boat he pointed out is sitting on top of the boat that is the subject of this post !, 
  so i got downvoted for finding this funny . 
  you really played this well , mr. drunken artist . 
  yeah , that 's fine , i get it . 
  i was n't really commenting on the appropriateness of your post so much as some of the comments here wherein people seem to take the thread too seriously . 
  it 's a goldmine of circlejerking , absolutely . 
  and i may shake my head , cringe , laugh partly with them and partly at them , but i 'm not going to go so far as to be offended or otherwise take it seriously . 
  lawyers have time to enjoy / r/facepalm ? 
  last i knew , you guys had among the highest number of weekly work hours . 
  or hours in a day , or whatever . 
  anyway , this must be a special place indeed . 
  to have written this up as you have , i 'm going to assume that you were among those who passed . 
  thanks for the inside look . 
  just realized you 're the same person i just responded to in another part of the thread . 
  anyway , yeah , your husband 's hours sound like a best-case scenario almost . 
  yours do n't sound * too * bad if your commute is n't too long . 
  and good for you finding a place where quality of life matters . 
  i 'm on the periphery of the megalopolis up in the northeast . 
  i can go into the fray quickly if i like , but it 's not around me all the time . 
  people in portland , me have told me that quality of life is the main draw , since salaries are n't high . 
  i 'm sure it 's in many ways equal to or better than the tradeoff you 'd make for money in a place like new york . 
  i heard muslim women were part of the crow family . 
  in fact i 'm pretty sure you can just call them crows . 
  it is in denver . 
  had the internet been as ubiquitous during the stasi 's heyday , they would have used that instead of the tools they used . 
  had 9/11 happened before the internet became ubiquitous , the nsa would have undoubtedly used the tools the stasi used . 
  i 'm not saying they 're on equal moral footing ( although i 'd argue there 's considerable overlap ) , but the biggest thing the nsa has going for it is that it can do its thing remotely . 
  if they were gathering what they gather through more conventional means , i think there 'd be a lot less indifference about it . 
  so who are these people without a political agenda ? 
  the key is that the * body * is removed from politics , because you ca n't remove the individual .
