  so i think we 're of the same opinion . 
  i 'm just willing to accept his apology . 
  some people would slink away , but this guy put some effort into posting an embarrassing call-out of himself , so , you know , i 'll take it . 
  it seems likely that your exchange with him got through on some level . 
  exactly . 
  i mean , there 's no shortage of dumb in the world , but the character in that post was like `` one in a million . 
  * so you 're saying i have a chance * '' dumb . 
  i 'm not a forensic expert . 
  i concede your point 100 % . 
  the thing is , op has already confessed to the fabrication . 
  my analysis may have been wrong . 
  i do n't * know * that it was , but i 'm not interested in insisting it was n't . 
  but the conversation was fake nonetheless . 
  it 's ok . 
  some people have criticized my analysis , so explaining my interpretation would n't be helpful to anyone at this point , especially since op has admitted to fabricating the conversation . 
  yeah , i mean , your point is valid . 
  there 's a real attention-seeking issue there , i think . 
  and no , i expect that if there were any room for debate , the skeptics would have been left to twist in the wind . 
  but i look at the insult as an impulsive reaction to embarrassment . 
  it did n't reflect anything * real * about me and it was n't a threat , so i can let that go , especially since he 's no longer being defensive . 
  you 're right , though . 
  that sub should have torches and pitchforks for banner art . 
  and they control immigration by putting this on the test , i presume . 
  yup , just like dinosaurs and ufos and anything else that can be construed as doing harm to the traditional judeo-christian worldview : demons . 
  the model includes the existence of demons , and anything that poses a threat to the model is due to the activity of those demons . 
  so the whole thing is self-validating . 
  do you even science , bro ? 
  sarcasm is only a theory . 
  ah , the ol' reddit [ kidaroo ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/296ixs/sometimes_the_small_battles_are_the_hardest/ciih2ld?context=1 ) . 
  tyrannical governments beg to differ . 
  i think the argument that `` you ca n't solve this with more this '' sounds good , but is n't particularly useful in every context . 
  the nazi party , for example , used a democratic process as a means to end democracy . 
  they would n't have done too well if they 'd insisted on dictatorship as a first condition . 
  i agree with you insofar as the idea `` feels wrong , '' but how do you expect to fix a system that only responds to money ? 
  by stomping your feet ? 
  of course there are risks that the effort could fall short . 
  i 'd love to see it done another way . 
  but i do n't see any flaw in the logic that makes use of a corrupt system 's own rules to bring about an end to the corruption . 
  ok , that 's fine . 
  but that does n't equate to having a `` right '' to violent insurrection . 
  i do n't want to get into a hair-splitting contest with you , but no such right exists . 
  if you 're talking about a * moral * right , then you may have a point , albeit one not immune to dispute . 
  but the constitution makes no provision for armed revolt . 
  oh my fucking god , you did not post this question from an account you just created . 
  for an advertisement to be effective in a place like this , it ca n't read like ad copy . 
  or maybe i 'm wrong . 
  maybe it can do exactly that . 
  i think you 're confusing this with coverage of what happened in the pacific theater . 
  he means the photographer . 
  please elaborate on the tells . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  nope . 
  i 'm getting 97 . 
  probably a kid . 
  it was popular in bars , i hear . 
  do n't know where that quote came from , but that 's not true in pa. 
  it 's a felony to record someone without his or her consent in pa. 
   assuming you 're willing to be flexible with your definition of `` peer '' of course , also including people with vested business interests , etc. . . 
  there are some great surgeons out there , assuming you 're willing to be flexible with your definition of the term `` doctor . '', 
  this is exactly the point / u/fuzzyfurbum was making when he/she said wikipedia is n't suitable for academic research . 
  you can argue that it 's a great way to familiarize yourself with a topic , and so on , but it is n't `` peer reviewed '' and therefore is n't suitable as a source for serious work . 
  and i would agree , grateful for the fact . 
  they seem really happy . 
  looks like you had them in pretty quick succession !, 
  ok , so help me understand , here . 
  this post is sas worthy because the americans you called attention to were * being critical of the u.s. * ? 
  so now the mere mention of one 's u.s. citizenship is indicative of arrogance , xenophobia , ignorance , or what-have-you ? 
  one comment here mentions that people from other countries did n't make an issue of their citizenship in parent comments . 
  i would suggest the reason for this is that for non-americans ( in the west , anyway ) , the original post is less remarkable than it is for americans , for whom such a thing is very unusual indeed . 
  and yes , i 'm an american . 
  i 'm married to a german , and i come here because i am well aware of the bad pr we give ourselves in much of the world , and i like to pay attention to how we 're perceived by people in other countries . 
  i , too , am annoyed with and sometimes almost sickened by the prevailing attitudes that erupt forth from various segments of our population . 
  but being critical for the sake of being critical is n't accomplishing anything useful , in my opinion . 
  edit : dumb capitalization error . 
  what an awesome response to op 's question . 
  i 've had a `` working '' knowledge of german for over 20 years ( i married a german just prior to gaining it ) , and stuff like this always frustrates me . 
  i have a certain amount of confidence and then i come across something like this and i feel like i 'm four years old all of a sudden . 
  same thing happens with comedy ( particularly standup ) : i dutifully follow the story , but when the punchline is delivered i sit there puzzling over what i just heard , while everyone around me is having just a wonderful time . 
  had that been op 's point i probably would n't have bothered to comment , although i do n't see why the mere mention of one 's national identity in this context is in any way noteworthy . 
  if i were to make a post saying `` look at the shit sandwich i get for being an american , '' and a commenter said `` wow , i live in germany , and our government does n't give its citizens shit sandwiches , '' my first thought would certainly not be that the commenter is `` making the post about himself . '', 
  but that 's neither here nor there , because here 's what op actually said :, 
   can americans ever discuss something without constantly reminding everyone about their nationality ? 
  you could literally find at least 5 comments starting with `` as an american '' on a thread about toasters . 
  there a reason you do n't see any comments like `` wtf why do n't they do this in [ insert non-american country here ] ??? '' . 
  it 's all americans . 
  you can genuinely tell how confused the american commenters are when told america is not # 1 at something . 
  and yet , i did n't see any confusion about not being number one , or any confusion at all , really . 
  i mostly saw americans making jokes at america 's expense , which is something i would expect subscribers to this sub to find at least a little refreshing when juxtaposed with the blind `` patriotism '' that is usually called out in this sub . 
  i 'll be first in line to criticize the kind of behavior this sub finds so off-putting , but this post in particular i see as a non-starter . 
   and yes , i 'm an american . 
    american detected - american detected, 
  in addition to what others said below , i read that if you use chrome at work and at home and you 're signed in , your history will be visible on both machines , the former of which your employer is allowed to access . 
  as a middle-aged gen-x guy , i would add that the stigma is closely related to cold war politics . 
  a significant portion of the american population was raised in a bipolar political world , and the term `` socialism '' was demonized along with the more widely agreed-upon negatives associated with totalitarian socialist/communist regimes . 
  a lot of the rhetoric along the lines of `` that 's socialism ! '', 
  -- i.e. , taking for granted that this is an ipso facto bad thing -- plays on this association . 
  gaah , you 're so right . 
  you know , trolls can be funny sometimes , but other times i just wonder what the thrill is with putting on a clown suit and snickering when people treat you like you 're a clown . 
  i assume you 're on the younger side .
