  i 'm not talking about entrenching himself , which is what many people do online , but actually feeding the lions more meat , as with his perfectly ridiculous suggestion that `` women do n't have to work , '' throwing religion into the mix just because , unnecessarily bringing his own deceased wife 's behavior into the picture , and so on . 
  in fact op 's mo reminded me of radio 's greatest troll , [ phil hendrie ] ( http://www.philhendrieshow.com/ ) . 
  hendrie has `` guests '' on his show ( they 're all really him ) who start off talking about something completely boring , and then gradually start throwing out tidbits of stuff that gets increasingly offensive . 
  people call the show absolutely incensed at these `` guests . '', 
   finally , the op sounds more like a caricature than a genuine person . 
  sure , there are people who think the way this character expressed himself , but they do n't usually lay out every backward thing about themselves in the space of one interaction . 
   that 's my 2 cents . 
  edit : fixed the markdown . 
  it 's not about how he thinks . 
  it 's about how he behaves . 
  does your cousin introduce controversial opinions unnecessarily into discussions with strangers who are already hostile to him ? 
  edit : changed my tone a bit . 
  well , that 's pretty extreme , i 'd say . 
  i know people like your cousin , but this guy struck me as a troll . 
  there are of course the rare specimens who are trolling and serious at the same time . 
  to me , the sentiments are n't unusual , but the behavior is . 
  edit to clarify : the sentiments * are * unusual when expressed all together as in this example , and unsolicited . 
  i 've known a lot of people in their 40s and 50s who have expressed * some * sympathy for views like this guy 's , but never this many together , and expressed in such an out-of-context manner . 
  are there people who think women do n't need to work ? 
  very few , though . 
  and i really do n't think the ones who do would be coming to reddit for legal advice about eviction . 
  and that 's just one piece of what 's wrong with this guy 's story . 
  it 's not your fault !, 
  it 's starting to sound like a whoopee cushion in this place . 
  you know , every time i see stupid arguments like the ones this guy makes put to rest , i think to myself * whew , glad we do n't have to listen to that shit anymore . 
  * but there 's always someone to line up right behind the last guy . 
  there are too many to count , i 've heard . 
  they all are . 
  in most jurisdictions in the u.s. , i 'm pretty sure the driver would be considered wholly or partially at fault in a case like this . 
  everywhere i 've been , the rule has been `` pedestrians always have the right of way , '' even if they 're totally wrong . 
  pedestrians here are generally more careful than to assume it will work out well for them , though . 
  in germany people are better about following the rules , both as pedestrians and as drivers . 
  but holy shit , some of them act like they have a force field around them when they step into a crosswalk . 
  they 'll walk right out in front of you even if they see you flying toward them . 
  i 'm not sure who 'd be liable in this case in germany , though . 
  i 'm inclined to think it would be the pedestrian , but i 'm not sure . 
  on the space shuttle . 
  who puts a truck stop bathroom between two slices of bread ? 
  depends on how long you let it cook , which in this case is . 
  well , days . 
  / r/mildlypenis, 
  credit to / u/zajczex for the post in / r/shittyfoodporn . 
  there 's nothing more uplifting than stuff that unintentionally looks like a dick . 
  interesting !, 
  i 've used yellow peas too . 
  they tasted no different to me . 
  around where are we talking about , if i may ask ? 
  ( also , something went wrong with your markdown in the first link . ), 
  cool , thanks . 
  i thought it might be far away . 
  right , of course . 
  i did n't mean far away from * me . 
  * i 'm in warrington . 
  it 's usually pretty good , i think . 
  it 's funny , because we just watched it on hulu and i 'd been complaining to my wife about how awful that segment was , then afterward i checked my front page to find this . 
  i think it was a poor mixture of guests . 
  i 've read , though , that a ssd wears out fast if you use it this way ( i.e. , in any configuration involving frequent , routine reading and writing ) . 
  or maybe it 's the swap file . 
  i do n't remember , really . 
  but i remember thinking that it seemed impractical to spend more money for something that could unexpectedly crap out on you from wear . 
  am i understanding things incorrectly here ? 
  i think it 's just bing . 
  thanks . 
  it must be the swap file i was thinking of . 
  so if you put the os on a ssd and the swap file on something else , your boot time improves , but your operating speed does n't , i guess . 
  i am soo gon na make some tuna salad today . 
  same thing with gun control . 
  `` gun control laws do n't work !, 
  just look at the ineffectiveness of the ones we helped create ! '', 
  i think socks are more versatile because you can wear them as mittens or as a codpiece as well . 
  whatever , dude . 
  i 'm not going to get into a stupid argument here . 
  somehow , though , when countries muster the political will to stop or curb shooting rampages like the ones that are happening in the u.s. routinely at this point , they 're successful . 
  i find your cartoon as unpersuasive as it is juvenile . 
  at what point did i suggest that it would be a walk in the park , or the scale ? 
  i 'm speaking of meaningful measures . 
  they did it in australia , for example . 
  things can be fixed where the political will exists . 
  how do democrats get enough votes , though ? 
  and avoid filibusters ? 
  by compromising to the point that the bills are pointless . 
  they end up being symbolic . 
  and then later , one side can point to how it 's all about symbolism . 
  edit : i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
  just saying that some of that `` gutting happens in conference committee , or in each respective house before it goes anywhere . 
  this is really the problem with all politics , i think . 
  everything is a slippery slope to the worst possible outcome . 
  * heart of darkness * is near and dear , you know . 
  so jeffersonian . 
  yeah , i think we 're making something close to the same point . 
  not a lawyer , but my understanding is that use for the sake of criticism or commentary falls under fair use . 
  assuming you are the one who put the bleep in there , my argument would be that the bleep is your commentary , along with your title and description . 
  i believe that would fly . 
  you also have the new ruling ( assuming it applies to your jurisdiction ) that the burden of proof is on the claimant in fair use cases . 
  they 're all `` bad '' in the sense that they 're just peddling different types of porn and then pretending to be paragons of integrity . 
  someone above used the term `` disaster porn . '', 
  well , fox can afford to forego the worst of that , because it has political porn to sell already . 
  you would n't be particularly well informed if you relied on any single one of them . 
  yeah , i hope it was a tongue-in-cheek comment , because the `` millennial '' conception of baby boomers is about as close as you can get to wholly unsupportable . 
  if you ignore the fact that `` generations '' do n't act with a single will , you still have the problem where this narrative people seem to be swallowing often ignores such things as the draft , vietnam itself , life under stagflation ( including double-digit inflation and lending rates -- like , mortgages at 16-18 % for a time ) , the decline of american manufacturing , a less generous public safety net , fewer educational opportunities , lingering racism , sexism , and other forms of social injustice ( a female teacher in the 70s could be fired for unwed cohabitation or getting pregnant out of wedlock , for example ) , and so on .
