  do n't forget the folks who dismiss the knowledge you gained in pursuit of your degree as `` indoctrination . '', 
  i 'll indulge you out of politeness , but your comment is rather typical of the attitude i found so off-putting when i turned from libertarianism . 
  think for a moment about the arrogance of it . 
  you did n't say `` what did you learn that changed your mind ? '', 
  you said `` name one , '' as if i had claimed to know of an element without any electrons . 
  anyway , you asked for one , so here you go : the free market fails to address several factors that are important to to the well-being of society . 
  this is not a theory or a thought experiment . 
  the case of externalities is well understood in economics , for example . 
  and please do n't come back with talk of faith in market corrections . 
  libertarians may be fine with the idea of a century of child labor , having to swallow shit-tainted meat , and so on , before the market comes around , but i 'm not . 
  and i would argue that most of society is not , either . 
  that 's just one thing . 
  i really could go on at length . 
  i do n't claim to have all the answers , but i 've lived long enough , in enough places , and been to enough school to have learned that ideological approaches to the world 's problems , while useful for defining ideals , turn up wanting in the long run . 
  i have no disagreement with any of this . 
  my remark did n't have much context . 
  i was really making a comment about the trap i and others sometimes encounter ( and here i 'm going to make a generalization that may not apply to some ) when debating `` conservatives '' and tea party types . 
  you say , for example , that anyone who 's been to college knows x , and then they tell you that colleges indoctrinate young people to become liberals . 
  so you end up not getting anywhere with an objective fact because you learned that fact in college . 
  but yeah , i know : for every keynes there 's a friedman . 
  what i 'd like to see more of , though , are people who acknowledge that there are merits to both ( or various ) approaches , while neither is wholly adequate on its own . 
  it 's like in psychology , where you have your freudian stuff , skinner , jung , etc. 
  each theorist has a model that proves useful in one context or another , and completely useless somewhere else . 
  when it comes to libertarianism i see really useful stuff , but i also see where its usefulness is limited . 
  central pa here . 
  there are very few black people in my town , so the more common object of hate here is the puerto rican population . 
  ok , i painted with a broad brush regarding the poop . 
  i know the market does n't strive to put poop in our food . 
  however , it did produce conditions that allowed for it at the beginning of the 20th century in chicago 's meat packing district . 
  upton sinclair described the conditions in * the jungle * , which was partly responsible for calls from the public for better regulation of the industry . 
  i 'm not sure why you consider the example of child labor strange , although judging by your description of what the current state of affairs is , i can see how you may not have assumed that i was referring to the way things were in our not-so-distant past . 
  during roughly the century leading up to the passage of the fsla , conditions like the one you mentioned at the end of your comment did in fact exist . 
  government intervention in this case , as far as i 'm concerned , was necessary , desirable , and effective . 
  look , you 're not going to catch me making the argument that government intervention is always the best thing . 
  i have no trouble acknowledging government 's failures , so we do n't need to go tit-for-tat with all the examples , defending challenges to those examples , and so on , ad infinitum . 
  at issue was the one example i provided of the market failing to effectively address on its own some seriously undesirable conditions that existed in our society . 
  taken a step further , the market failed to address these conditions because it in fact produced them , and tolerated them until something on the `` outside '' imposed new tolerance levels . 
  the time period between the creation of a problem and the market 's eventual self-correction of that problem ( which is a sound theory that does actually occur in fact , but not always , for various reasons ) is too great for a society made up of people with a lifespan of under 80 years . 
  the point , though , in saying all of this is that when i self-identified as a libertarian , the literature i was reading and the like-minded people with whom i spoke either failed to address or at times actively denied that the unregulated market can produce conditions that no society should be forced to endure , especially when the only argument for doing so is grounded in a doctrinal belief that `` regulation is bad , '' and when there are plenty of examples to the contrary that any honest person would have to acknowledge . 
  i began to see the logic behind market worship as rather tortured in light of these examples , and so in time i stopped referring to myself as a libertarian . 
  i did n't reject all of libertarianism 's ideas , i just could n't label myself that way anymore because the body of people so-labeled seemed to me to have a problem acknowledging certain things that were slowly becoming plain as day to me , especially once i got comfortable with the idea of even * considering * that my ideological framework might not always produce the best answers . 
  sorry for the lengthy comment . 
  i just wanted to be as clear as i could be about what i meant to express in the comments above . 
  i cited the book from my memory of its historicity . 
  if what i said about the book was in error , fine . 
  i 'm not admitting that what it described was inaccurate , because i 'll have to take what you said into account and read up on it , and right now i ca n't be sure . 
  as much as i hate to trot out the old bag of fallacy tricks though , i ca n't help but point out that , aside from your point about the timing , your dismissal of the argument was ad hominem . 
  in any case , i also mentioned child labor in the same comment , so i 'm not sure why you dusted off your hands after dismissing sinclair ( again , without making a case against the idea that the industry needed to be regulated ) . 
  forgive me for falling short of providing a comprehensive case . 
  the truth is i do n't have much of a stomach for that kind of effort anymore . 
  i have some experience debating with ideologues , and it 's a highly frustrating thing to do because typically , instead of placing the bar at a high-but-reasonable level , they just move the bar all over the place until you get exhausted trying to establish which way is up . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'll just toss in the well recognized case of externalities in economics . 
  the very concept exists only because of the market 's failure to address certain legitimate societal interests . 
  but , you know , do what you want with that . 
  if you 've made up your mind , then your mind 's made . 
  i ca n't believe it was 20 years ago that he packed the house at a local college . 
  my wife and i showed up early and were among the first people in . 
  the first row was blocked off , so we sat in the second . 
  eventually vonnegut came in and i figured out why the first row was blocked . 
  it was for him . 
  he sat right in front of us !, 
  i sat there staring at the back of his head before he took the stage , trying to think of a way to tell him that he 'd profoundly affected my life , but i was way too chickenshit to say anything . 
  i ended up just enjoying the moment for what it was . 
  after the talk we went out the same door through which he had left to see if we could catch him . 
  we could n't see where he went at first , but then we saw three college staff blocking the way to an area behind a big bush . 
  i turned and saw him behind the bush , leaning against the wall and smoking away . 
  i 'm not so sure this is true . 
  i do n't think that people who make reference to 1984 are making the claim that things have become exactly as described in the novel . 
  i think they see something that reminds them of what went on in the story and express a certain amount of shock and discomfort with the idea that something mocked and criticized in a 60-year-old book might become acceptable in a world full of people who have * read * that book . 
  think `` enhanced interrogation '' or widespread surveillance . 
  i did n't have any either , for years . 
  then i watched the first episode to see what the big deal was , and was immediately hooked . 
  i was actually at an advantage by then , because i had four seasons to binge on at will by the time i started watching . 
  i wish more people would keep this distinction in mind when they get into discussions/debates about grammar . 
  to me it 's like the law , or maybe social norms , and anthropology . 
  there 's a system that defines what is advisable and what is not , and there 's a study of human behavior across cultures and time . 
  i do n't consult an anthropologist when i want to find out if it 's `` ok '' for me to have two wives , because although he or she would rightly tell me that doing so falls perfectly within the `` normal '' range of human behavior , this would n't help me much with bigamy laws . 
  i totally get what the descriptive crowd is saying when they rubber stamp this or that construction on the basis of its common or historical use , but that does n't mean the expression in question is * advisable * to use . 
  i do n't think i 'm being a grammar nazi when i say , for example , that while you wo n't go to hell for using the singular `` they , '' it 's a good idea to avoid using it , if you can do so without jumping through too many verbal hoops . 
  do n't have the fine details , but check out what happened in australia . 
  if my memory is correct , they experienced one too many killing sprees down there and one of their politicians enacted a sweeping gun control law . 
  gun violence dropped dramatically . 
  and no , the gap was n't filled with knife violence or whatever . 
  i 'm not so sure it denigrates a class so much as it calls out an important feature of american political culture . 
  there 's a theme in american culture that suggests that everyone has an equal chance , which is patently false . 
  that quote , wherever it originated , points out that the underclass here does n't recognize itself as what it really is . 
  this * partly * explains how the gop and tea party folks manage to rally economically disadvantaged people to a cause that drives economic resources upward . 
  this is absolutely the biggest part of the problem , as i see it . 
  i think people are just reading these comments as if they 're supposed to be taken as refutations instead of amendments to a point . 
  ca n't dispute the facts , but i think `` act of aggression '' connotes something unsolicited , as hitler 's invasion of poland was an `` act of aggression . '', 
  the japanese attacked us first , at pearl harbor . 
  `` act of war , '' perhaps ? 
  i think he 's talking about the vast group of people in this country who are themselves victims of these pro-corporate policies , who nevertheless vote tea party and republican and rail against socialism and so on . 
  we ca n't get anywhere in this country when half of the people refuse to acknowledge what 's going on . 
  that 's fine . 
  i 'm not interested in making the case for its use . 
  i just wanted to make a point about the language . 
  whether or not they `` had it coming , '' * it * being the bomb , they invited a military response from the u.s. when they attacked us . 
  that response , whatever it was , ca n't rightfully be labeled as an `` act of aggression '' the way , i would argue , our behavior in iraq could be . 
  also , abortion .
