  i have n't researched the topic specifically . 
  but even in the event of a court ruling that has yielded bad results , there 's no basis for accusing it of failing to `` do its duty '' -- especially in the absence of specific case history . 
  i thought i was reading / r/showerthoughts . 
  thanks for taking the time to write that all up . 
  bravo . 
  it 'll probably catch up with you at some point . 
  i went on my first carnival cruise last summer and they got everything i had in my suitcase . 
  it 's a fair enough question , but it has a simple answer . 
  first , the question is misleading because this is * pretty much * the only context in which your statement is true , so on balance the `` prisoner '' treatment is a small piece of the whole . 
  also , you 're perfectly welcome to spend stupid amounts of money on alcohol sold by the cruise line . 
  it seems clear to me that the heavy enforcement is all about keeping profits on liquor sales high . 
  how much of that is `` justified '' i could n't say . 
  i can say this , however : a person can get a five-day caribbean cruise on a ship with alcohol-nazi policies for under $ 1000 easily . 
  the cruises that include alcohol in the ticket price are much , much more expensive -- often two or three times more . 
  alcohol does n't account for all of that i 'm sure , but it 's clear that it 's a huge factor in the price . 
  so the short answer to your question is : for the affordable ticket price . 
   i do n't think that one of the richest nations in the world should be letting cost get in the way of dispensing justice and protecting the public . 
  i 'm curious to know ( and please do n't take my question as an attempt to paint you in a corner ) : do you believe the same when it comes to rewards as opposed to punishments ? 
  should the expense of `` justice and protecting the public '' also be disregarded if justice means providing goods and services to people who ca n't afford to pay for them ? 
  how about health care in the interest of protecting the public ? 
  should we spare no expense expanding access to it ? 
  or do we only disregard the cost if we incur it while punishing people ? 
  i travel in black face to avoid this problem . 
  you 're right -- states , individual institutions , jurisdictions ( levels ) . 
  there are places that would seem stereotypical in many ways and places that would seem quite different from people 's common preconceptions . 
  overall , the notion that anyone going to prison is within a hair 's breadth of being raped is inaccurate . 
  it 's certainly a problem , but nowhere near as pervasive a problem overall as people often think . 
  in my opinion a much more widespread problem is the exploitation of prisoners by the state itself , especially at the local/county level . 
  people are recycled through the system for failing to pay fines they ca n't afford to pay , then charged room and board at the facility , where they 're perpetually in debt . 
  phone calls at almost any facility run about $ 4 a minute , even if the call is local . 
  the list goes on . 
  this sort of thing continues in this country because our culture is much more accepting of a prisoner 's hardship -- even undue , persistent , unnecessary ( and often counterproductive ) hardship -- than it is of recognizing the humanity and/or rights of a person who has committed a crime . 
  not `` invariably . '', 
  insofar as younger , healthier people are added to the pool , the rate of increase will slow or premiums will actually go down . 
  also , the `` previously uninsurable '' still have to pay premiums with or without subsidies . 
  obviously there will be exceptions for a variety of reasons . 
  so where is your information coming from that the `` vast majority of people '' experienced and are experiencing rising premiums ? 
  keep in mind that the phrase is only meaningful if said premiums have risen and/or are rising at a rate that exceeds the trajectory they were in before the law went into effect . 
  anything less is an indicator that the law has indeed done something to lower the cost of healthcare . 
  there are actually a number of provisions in the law that are specifically aimed at controlling costs , but i ca n't cite them from memory and i do n't have time to look them up . 
  the law is far from perfect , but it 's both inaccurate and premature to declare that the aca `` does nothing to lower the cost of healthcare . '', 
  nice sentiment , but we tried a form of `` voluntaryism '' after the revolution and it got scrapped after 11 years because it did n't work . 
  and that involved a fairly limited set of things that had to be volunteered for !, 
  left winger here . 
  just want to say that i appreciate your efforts to engage constructively on this issue , even though i totally disagree with you . 
  also appreciate your reluctance to dismiss anything with obama 's fingerprint on it . 
  it seems to be a rare enough thing to be deserving of recognition , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  we need a national white board for keeping track of all the examples of europe putting its money where america 's mouth is . 
  * slowly spits out dead cat *, 
  you 're right . 
  this is one example where the connection is n't just analogous or similar . 
  this is the * definition * of doublespeak . 
  well , yeah , there 's that and the fact that for all our boasting about human rights , `` freedom , '' and so on -- for all the moral grandstanding we did for decades during the cold war , we are being repeatedly outdone by europe when it comes to * actual * policies and outcomes that favor the citizen and improve the quality of life for individuals . 
  in other words , we beat our chest about civil liberties while european countries -- you know -- make polling day a national holiday , or enact privacy laws that protect people 's interests over those of corporations and moneyed interests , or put protections in place for pregnant women and recent mothers . 
  we can talk the talk till we 're out of breath , but countries in europe and some other places are walking the walk for us , and doing a damn good job of it . 
  haha , * silent night , deadly night . 
  * i was there , man . 
  it was a rough time . 
  i remember * mainstream * news reporting about backward masking , satanic cults and influences , and stuff like that . 
  weird time , really . 
  for all the effort republicans have made to undermine this president , they have managed to secure obama 's place among the race martyrs who have occupied iconic places in this country 's history of race relations . 
  history will not remember these people well . 
  in retrospect this will be a story about how a black man became president and conservative lawmakers still insisted on calling him `` boy . '', 
  all this nonsense will be incredibly hard to defend in a few years . 
  you frame this question as if the two cases boil down to whether `` defying the president '' makes someone a `` traitor . '', 
  what these senators did seems to possibly qualify as a felony , not treason , first of all . 
  and your attempt to reduce the argument to a simple either/or circumstance is n't going to work . 
  but what if it did ? 
  what if those 10 democratic senators should have been charged ? 
  i mean , i 'm not sure what you 're arguing here . 
  are you saying that newt gingrich and the other republicans who were bent out of shape in '84 were wrong -- that they overreacted and criticised those senators unduly , and that neither they nor our 47 senators in this case were in the wrong ? 
  or are you saying republican criticism of those senators ' actions in the 80s was justified , and that the 47 senators in the present case deserve punishment ? 
  i think you 're onto something , but this ca n't be the whole picture . 
  turnout rates fluctuate , of course , but if i remember correctly , turnout in the u.s. has rarely been * high , * if it ever was . 
  and yet we 've still enjoyed long periods where compromise was commonplace , despite low voter turnout . 
  something else is happening too , and i suspect it has a lot to do with ideological polarization in general , and the sharp rightward shift of the republican party of the last 30 years or so . 
  most of the western world sees our center -- even our left in many cases -- as exceptionally conservative . 
  well those two guys can keep their jobs too !, 
  that `` disgusting attitude '' is commonplace in many countries that are outperforming us in many ways . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  what you described never happened . 
  at least not on a scale where it would matter . 
  you 're not one of those people who thinks the baby boomers `` used up all your subsidies '' and made your tuition high , are you ? 
  because that did n't happen . 
  also , our economy is not headed toward stagnation , and there is no reason for you to think that it is . 
  could you elaborate on this `` 100 % failure rate of fiat '' ? 
  i 'm willing to accept for the time being that there may be some gap in my knowledge that , when properly taken into account , lends some measure of credibility to that statement . 
  but on its face it strikes me as absolute horse shit . 
  are you contending that because fiat currencies either fail or get replaced , and because the only ones that have n't failed or been replaced are the ones we 're using , fiat currencies therefore have a 100 % failure rate ? 
  because that 's a pretty meaningless set of criteria if you 're interested in assessing fiat usefully . 
  i mean , the same reasoning can be used with the human body . 
  human bodies indeed have a 100 % failure rate . 
  so good for us -- we have a meaningless rhetorical device . 
  you know , brains have a 100 % failure rate too . 
  so what are you doing about that ? 
  this is conjecture . 
  it also has nothing to do with the point of the comment it addressed . 
  wow , my first reddit hungarian . 
  my wife and i have an old friend in budapest . . that friend helped my wife escape from east germany before the wall came down . 
  we visited budapest and it was just an incredible place .
