  it takes a certain amount of education to see these things you point out , as well as a willingness to devote more than a minute 's thought to the subject , and that 's far more than i 've come to expect from our electorate . 
  so i 'm just saying that for the purpose of an american political campaign , we know what he means . 
  that it does n't stand up to close scrutiny is another matter , in my opinion . 
  are you referring to me ? 
  because before you start slinging shit you should check out a person 's comment history . 
  i made no arguments that are weak , logically inconsistent , or intellectually dishonest . 
  we 're talking about american politics , and every jackass knows what `` traditional marriage '' means . 
  it does n't matter if it does n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  we all know what people are * referring * to when they say it , so we accomplish nothing when we split hairs this way . 
  it 's sufficient to say that traditional marriage excluded people that a majority of the public has come to find little or no justification for excluding . 
  i 'm surprised i did n't hear from you guys sooner . 
  this is absolutely false , and represents a distorted understanding of the contemporary politics . 
  i have n't been `` relearning '' anything . 
  i do n't have the time to get into a protracted back-and-forth with you on this , but here are just a few things to chew on from ian kershaw 's thorough biography of hitler . 
  none of the statements kershaw makes on this subject are his * arguments . 
  * they are matter-of-fact elements of his narrative . 
  they are not controversial , either , except among special interests on the modern ( mainly american ) right . 
  also , kershaw does n't have a dog in the left vs. right fight and he 's a historian , not an ideologue writing about history . 
  i 've appended a blurb about him at the end . 
  enjoy :, 
  `` it would be hard to exaggerate the impact on political consciousness in bavaria of the events between november 1918 and may 1919 . 
  it went down in popular memory as a ` rule of horror ' imposed by foreign elements in the service of soviet communism . 
  the image , constructed and massively shored up by rightist propaganda throughout the reich as well as in bavaria itself , was that of alien -- bolshevik and jewish -- forces taking over the state . 
  the real gainers from the disastrous weeks of the r\u00e4terepublik were the radical right , which had been given the fuel to stoke the fear and hatred of bolshevism among the bavarian peasantry and middle classes . '', 
  `` its flirt with left-wing socialism over , bavaria turned in the following years into a bastion of the conservative right and a magnet for right-wing extremists throughout germany . 
  these were the conditions in which the ` making of adolf hitler ' could take place . '', 
  `` if hitler felt compelled to lean outwardly towards the majority social democrats during the revolutionary months , it was not prompted by conviction but by sheer opportunism aimed at avoiding for as long as possible demobilization from the army . '', 
  `` when he came to read out the party programme , there was much applause for the individual points . 
  but there were interruptions , too , from left-wing opponents , who had already been getting restless , and the police reporter of the meeting spoke of scenes of ` great tumult so that i often thought it would come to brawling at any minute ' . 
  hitler announced , to storms of applause , what would remain the party 's slogan : ` our motto is only struggle . 
  we will go our way unshakeably to our goal . ' the end of hitler 's speech , in which he read out a protest at an alleged decision to provide 40,000 hundredweight of flour for the jewish community , again erupted into uproar following further opposition heckling , with people standing on tables and chairs yelling at each other . 
  in the subsequent ` discussion ' , four others spoke briefly , two of them opponents . 
  remarks from the last speaker that a dictatorship from the right would be met with a dictatorship from the left were the signal for a further uproar , such that hitler 's words closing the meeting were drowned . 
  -- kershaw , hitler ( combined ; abridged ) , ch . 
  `` mastery over the movement '', 
  '' [ hitler ] was well aware that the primitive antisemitic rantings that roused the masses in the zircus krone would be counter-productive in this audience . 
  instead , the emphasis was placed entirely on the need to eliminate marxism as the prerequisite of germany 's recovery . 
  by ` marxism ' , hitler did not merely mean the german communist party . 
  the term [ also ] served to invoke the bogy of soviet communism , brought into power by a revolution less than a decade earlier , and followed by a civil war whose atrocities had been emblazoned across a myriad of right-wing publications . 
  ` marxism ' had even wider application . 
  hitler was also subsuming under this rubric all brands of socialism other than the ` national ' variety he preached , and using it in particular to attack the spd and trade unionism . 
  `` hitler reduced it to a simple formula : if the marxist ` world-view ' was not ` eradicated ' , germany would never rise again . 
  the task of the national socialist movement was straightforward : ` the smashing and annihilation of the marxist weltanschauung ' . 
  terror must be met with terror . 
  the bourgeoisie itself was incapable of defeating the threat of bolshevism . 
  it needed a mass movement as intolerant as that of the marxists themselves to do it . 
  winning the masses rested on two premisses . 
  the first was to recognize their social concerns . 
  but in case his audience thought this was back-door marxism , hitler was quick to reassure them : social legislation demanded ` the promotion of the welfare of the individual in a framework that guaranteed retention of an independent economy ' . 
  ` we are all workers , ' he stated . 
  ` the aim is not to get higher and higher wages , but to increase production , because that is to the advantage of each individual . ', 
  `` breakthrough '', 
  `` the protest of ordinary people who took the view that democracy had failed them , that ` the system ' should be swept away , became shriller on both left and right . 
  nazi advances in regional elections reflected the growing radicalization of the mood of the electorate . 
  the young plan plebiscite had given the party much-needed publicity in the widely-read hugenberg press . 
  its value , said hitler , was that it had provided ` the occasion for a propaganda wave the like of which had never been seen in germany before ' . 
  it had allowed the nsdap to project itself as the most radical voice of the right , a protest-movement par excellence that had never been tarnished with any involvement in weimar government . 
  even in the berlin council elections on 17 november , the party almost quadrupled its vote of 1928 , though its 5.8 per cent was still marginal , compared with over 50 per cent that went to the two left-wing parties . 
  ian kershaw is professor of modern history at the university of sheffield . 
  for services to history he was given the german award of the federal cross of merit in 1994 . 
  he was knighted in 2002 and awarded the norton medlicott medal by the historical association in 2004 . 
  he was the historical adviser to three bbc series : the nazis : a warning from history , war of the century and auschwitz . 
  his most recent books are hitler 1889 -- 1936 : hubris and hitler 1936 -- 1945 : nemesis , which received the wolfson literary award for history and the bruno kreisky prize in austria for the political book of the year , and was joint winner of the inaugrual british academy book prize ; making friends with hitler : lord londonderry and britain 's road to war , which won the elizabeth longford prize for historical biography in 2005 ; and fateful choices : ten decisions that changed the world , 1940 -- 41 . 
  if that 's how you describe a master 's degree in political science , which is but one of the things i 'm bringing to the table here , then sure . 
  taking a pass is a smart move for you . 
  okay , i 'm not even sure we have a disagreement about any of this . 
  i think we 're just missing some pieces that would lend context to the disagreement we * seem * to be having . 
  tl ; dr : 1 ) i know what it 's like to think like a conservative , because i used to be one , and both sides of my family are almost nothing but . 
  i do not support their politics , but i understand the mentality from inside . 
  2 ) i try to meet people halfway ( with some exceptions ) in my political discussions because in my own experience , shunning and dismissal seemed to be less helpful than empathy and honesty toward helping me develop a willingness to question long-held beliefs . 
  there are two details about me that inform my position that i think may be different between us . 
  first is the fact that i was one of those people during a certain period of my life -- those people we 're always complaining about that are so up against the wall that in public discourse they 're having to rely heavily on a message of fear , * desperately * disingenuous arguments , a * heavy * persecution complex , outright distortions of history , reason , and all that the celebrated people in our civilization have praised for centuries and held up as examples of integrity , courage , etc. , etc. -- the ones who figuratively and sometimes literally hold other people 's hope hostage , because looking in the mirror is too painful . 
  had my life been different in just a few key places , i would have committed myself to a lifetime membership among them . 
  i am also not the least bit * sympathetic to their arguments , * and i have had to make things uncomfortable on a few occasions in gatherings where the old and the new in my life collided . 
  understand that i am firmly * not with them * in their worldview or their political goals . 
  but i * do understand * a lot of the forces that play a role in their attitudes . 
  for example , i know that it would be damn near impossible for anyone to improve on the level of arrogance i 'm achieving with them right now ( `` including but not limited to '' ) . 
  and i also have a few pet issues that i 've drawn a line in the sand over , and for which i do n't give a second thought to my smugness , because they push my tolerance levels , for whatever reason . 
  you might look at one of those exchanges and wonder what the hell i 'm being so militant about . 
  i ca n't say for sure , but i 'm going to guess that * maybe * this is an issue that is closer to home for you than it is for me . 
  the people in my life who are affected are trapped in the world that i narrowly escaped . 
  the law is n't even the issue for them . 
  for them , being able to say `` i 'm gay '' is the hurdle in front of them , and i see no likelihood of them achieving * that * much . 
  second , i may be naive to think this way , but i 've been working on some of the things that both sides seem to complain about equally , an important one being intellectual honesty . 
  sometimes that phrase is kicked around so much you begin to wonder if anybody knows what it even means . 
  i almost never see it used outside of the context of `` i 'm right , you 're wrong . '', 
  how do we know if anybody is being `` intellectually honest '' if they never say `` yes , i understand your point insofar as . 
  and actually * understand the point * instead of launching straight into `` yeah , but . 
  i think it * strengthens * your argument when you concede what * ought * to be conceded in a given context . 
  as for the present issue , my feeling was that since we 're not discussing an actual policy * proposal , * these nuances that appeared to me to be correct ( if not slightly exaggerated . 
  i do n't * know * that marriage was literally considered a property transaction recently , on a wide scale in the west . 
  not saying it 's impossible , but we have some novels from the time that depict something * pretty * close to that `` traditional marriage '' concept ) , do n't help much in the present context . 
  instead of saying something like `` are you sure that 's true ? 
  that 's not how i understand it . 
  how can . 
  or whatever , people create a self-fulfilling prophesy through overreaction . 
  of course i think there are * limits . 
  * if the talking points are stormfront talking points , for example , i am perfectly fine with showing someone the door before the second sentence comes out . 
  but not everything is code . 
  i know this for sure because when i was * in * that world , most of that kind of talk could be filed under rationalization or denial rather than strategy .
