  students with academic skills should be tracked in a true university prep curriculum with its own set of standards . 
  students with other skills should be tracked into programs with specific vocational goals and with multiple levels of advancement , so that , for example , one could learn how to perform the duties of an electronics repair person and graduate with a qualification for certain job titles at that level , or continue in that same track for advanced qualifications -- say , those of an electrical engineer . 
  there should be a practicum requirement at all levels . 
  curricula and standards should be removed from or at least partially sheltered from politics by puting it in the hands of academics and qualified individuals who are part of an executive agency -- like the fcc or the fda , who are accountable to the public indirectly , but have broad authority to set standards and make rules . 
  finally , funding should be centralized and distributed to schools according to their needs , instead of placing the lion 's share of the burden on localities with huge disparities in available resources . 
  this is an outline . 
  i have nothing against the idea of states and localities supplementing districts , initiating pilot programs , and so on . 
  i just think we 're putting the cart before the horse in a lot of our discussions on this matter -- following red herrings and entertaining ideas like vouchers and other such ideologically driven proposals . 
  if we want to get serious about education as a country , we need to act like we 're actually a country , set high standards that are on par with those of nations we consider our close competitors , and fund the schools so they can actually meet those standards . 
  i love portland !, 
  were/are you guys located in the old port district ? 
  wow , you dodged a bullet there . 
  think of what he might have done to all the kids in the warehouse !, 
  you probably do n't live in a state with a law that prohibits the use of criminal records as a blanket disqualifier . 
  this is how things are moving now , because of that very practice . 
  a qualified person should not be passed up for having a record unless the offense has a direct bearing on the duties expected to be performed . 
  six or a half-dozen , dude . 
  it 's a distinction without a difference , or without a * relevant * difference , anyway . 
  op said centralization never made anything better for a large population , anywhere , and that is unmitigated bullshit . 
  it 's the kind of trouble you get into when you mix ideology with facts , and split hairs that do n't need to be split . 
  we have verizon fios internet . 
  i run a long cat6 from the computer upstairs to the ps3 in the family room downstairs . 
  i use ps3 media server to stream downloaded content from the computer . 
  on the ps3 we use hulu plus for current stuff like the daily show , colbert , snl , etc. , and netflix for occasional movies , older series we have n't yet caught up on , and house of cards . 
  seems to work well for us . 
  my wife is german . 
  one night she , i , and a german friend were talking about this . 
  i threw out english words that do n't have a german counterpart and asked the two of them to assign articles to the words . 
  they both agreed on what articles to use , but neither could explain the reason for his or her choice . 
  on a side note related to the question of where the old words come from , from which we make new words , i read somewhere that the almost-universal `` mama '' probably came from babies vocalizing while moving their mouths the way they do when they nurse . 
  another interesting thing i learned from a jared diamond book is that prehistoric migrations can be plotted by following language developments , i.e. , proto-indo-european springing from persia , moving west , and becoming the germanic and romance languages we know today . 
  yeah , i know there 's no catch-all solution , and there are many more variables at play than what has been touched on in this thread -- stuff like culture , home life , criminality -- so many things . 
  the countries that have systems similar to the one i described also have strong social safety nets and are less culturally and economically diverse . 
  i just think that emulating what we can see works well is a better option than throwing around proposals grounded in ideology . 
  same old tired argument from pure economics in a vacuum . 
  first , what do you mean by `` health care costs '' ? 
  it sounds like you 're talking about insurance premiums . 
  insurance companies have already been competing with one another , and we see how affordable the premiums have become for everyone . 
  now when it comes to actual health care costs , the competition factor is of little relevance because the elements of informed , rational choice are not there for consumers . 
  and this business about a republican proposal is a mountain of horseshit . 
  once republicans torpedoed the clinton proposal , what did they do about healthcare ? 
  jack squat , that 's what . 
  instead they advanced a plan to privatize social security while flushing hundreds of billions down the toilet in iraq . 
  what they 're advancing is a too-little , too-late , ideologically driven plan in the wake of losing the battle over public opinion on this issue . 
  it 's wholly disingenuous . 
  edit : i 'm certain i did n't hit the mark in terms of relevance in the first part , but it really boils my blood to hear about `` republican healthcare reform . '', 
  i think your interpretation is fine , but there 's no telling what any particular marketing team is after , or even if they 've simply made a mistake ( that is , without seeing the actual data to make a comparison ) . 
  i suspect that most often , marketers know exactly what their language means and choose the expression most likely to resonate . 
  for example , i do n't think they 'd make the claim that their cars get 1.5 times another 's gas mileage , but would choose to say 50 % more instead . 
  sometimes it 's more insidious than that and they say things that are technically true , but that they know will be interpreted more favorably than it should be by the general population . 
  interesting reinterpretation of separation of powers , there . 
  anyway , whether or not they get the senate , by november a `` repeal '' of obamacare would be a stupid move even for republicans . 
  and guess what ? 
  anyone who is n't a hardcore republican is getting tired of that party 's fixation on undoing the president . 
  high-profile republicans have left the party , and party insiders are talking openly of the need to recast the republican message . 
  the party will change or it will wither on the vine . 
  get used to * that * . 
  to be fair , some people do it because they 've seen it done elsewhere and are trying to be `` correct . '', 
  i did it in college for that reason , until a prof crossed out my n 's . 
  and yeah , maybe it 's still good in britain and maybe not . 
  in any case , it was good for somebody at some point , but not anymore , it seems . 
  i wo n't be like many of the people i 've seen participating in these discussions on reddit by ignoring my inconsistencies and attempting to defend the indefensible . 
  you may have a point . 
  i do n't see it that way because i 've lived in europe and i know how state-sponsored healthcare works . 
  i know * that * it works , and that it does a great deal to raise the standard for everyone , and therefore the nation itself . 
  so i see it not so much as an ideologically driven thing , but rather a practical , sensible way to get us back on the path toward leading the pack in areas other than our military strength and our gdp . 
  if that makes me inconsistent , i 'll take my lumps and move on , fair enough . 
  but i still maintain that gop proposals on healthcare reform represent an effort to get their jab in on a matter that was never a genuine priority of theirs in the first place . 
  it 's only become an issue for them since they lost the battle over public opinion . 
  well , you can believe me when i say that i understand your concerns . 
  i used to be a republican . 
  i considered myself libertarian for awhile , then went unaffiliated for a time while i struggled to square rhetoric with reality across the board . 
  today i am a democrat , but i have no illusions about the dems as a party . 
  they have plenty of blood on their hands , too . 
  it 's just that they are the major party that comes closest to representing the policies i believe would make the u.s. a better country . 
  but our system is broken , and you 're absolutely right to be concerned about how healthcare would be managed in a country that seems to get caught with its pants down at every turn -- saying one thing and doing another , time after time . 
  an important difference , as i see it , is that it would be hard for the public to be as apathetic about something that affects it so directly and so personally as the way in which it receives healthcare . 
  people got a pass on being apathetic about the patriot act and guantanamo because these things did n't have immediate repercussions for them , or at least it was easy for people to pretend that they did n't . 
  compare the iraq war with vietnam . 
  i do n't mean to oversimplify , but an important difference between the public response to one versus the other is that there was a draft during the vietnam era , which made government decisions on the matter hit closer to home than they did during the iraq war . 
  for me , the effort is worth the cost for several reasons . 
  again , i am simplifying things somewhat for the sake of time ( i 've got ta get some work done !, 
  ) , but here goes :, 
  we 're the richest country in the goddamn world , and yet we lag behind other industrialized nations in many areas . 
  i would like to see us be competitive again . 
  i would like to see our political culture evolve past finger-pointing and scapegoating , to one where we can be proud of what we do as a nation for people who do n't have the means to move ahead on their own . 
  i could go down a deep rabbit hole with this , so i 'll leave it there for now . 
  the other thing is that we 're already spending more per capita and as a percentage of gdp on healthcare compared to the top countries as it is . 
  putting a single-payer system in place would save money in both the short and long run -- first , by putting an end to the crazy cost shifting that goes on in the system and getting prices under control , and second , by reducing the demand for more costly procedures through vastly expanded access to preventive care . 
  anyway , i 've got ta work . 
  but if you care to look at a really good article that illustrates what i 'm talking about , complete with eye-appealing graphs and such , you can check it out [ here ] ( http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/ ) . 
  i appreciate your civility , and i 've enjoyed discussing this with you . 
  no sweat . 
  i did n't take it that way . 
  just wanted to give the innocent side some air time . 
  at issue was whether `` centralized control ever made things better for any large population of people , '' and nothing you said in your reply contradicts what i provided as being examples of doing just that . 
  i never made a claim as to what motivated the centralized control . 
  nor did i say my examples made things better for everyone . 
  you will always be able to provide examples of a system not working the way it should , or sections of the population who would rather have things this way or that . 
  i do n't claim that the system i would like to see put in place would end all woes or make everyone happy .
