  bundlers are often the ones who get favors done for them by politicians . 
  what / u/particle49 said is true from my perspective , but i would add that there 's also a lot of talk here ( and particularly on fox news ) about how `` well off '' the poor are in the u.s. `` they have refrigerators !, 
  they have flat-screen tvs !, 
  they buy seafood with their food stamps ! '', 
  they also present worst-case examples as widespread or typical . 
  i can agree generally with the boston/maine comparison ( although boston is more politically liberal than most of maine , in my experience ) , but i would n't be so quick to throw nc in with them . 
  i mean , mass production and marketing have definitely made the mall and strip mall experience pretty uniform , but there are noteworthy differences to consider . 
  i 'm in central pa , and life here is quite different from philly , 1-1/2 hours to the east . 
  edit : funny i should be downvoted . 
  i grew up in new england and i 've been in central pa for over 20 years . 
  i 've spent plenty of time all up and down the east coast , and i 'm telling you that nc ai n't like maine . 
  if you 're a college student or someone who generally spends a lot of his time around younger people , the difference may not seem so pronounced , but it is clear to people who have spent more time among a more diverse sample population . 
  you can believe whatever you want . 
  edit 2 : nice brigade , sas . 
  glad you guys know more about where i 've lived for 40 years than i do . 
  what can i tell you about your home that you do n't know ? 
  * assholes * come with res now ? 
  i 'm way behind the curve . 
  the differences are exactly what i think they are . 
  and you have no idea how `` cultured '' i am . 
  nor am i `` naive '' in this area . 
  i 've lived in europe and have family living there now . 
  i 've lived in five different states and i 've visited most of them . 
  i also have a master 's degree , and postgraduate education across several fields . 
  besides that , i 'm in my mid-40s and know better than to spout off about what i ca n't possibly know about another person . 
  also , * you 're . 
  edit : besides , i 'm not comparing america to europe . 
  i 'm comparing it to itself . 
  he almost certainly came in through / r/shitamericanssay . 
  i used to enjoy that sub more because i have family in europe and -- let 's face it -- americans say some dumb american shit sometimes . 
  but they have a few pet circlejerks that are impenetrable by caveats or nuances , even when they 're offered in good faith . 
  one of them is the reaction to anyone who says `` america is big . '', 
  there are plenty of reasonable people over there , but there 's a contingent there who , ironically , are as obtuse as the americans they make fun of . 
  that 's really not it , though . 
  if you 're talking about surroundings and recreation , sure . 
  but the attitudes , values , and beliefs among the people you 'll encounter in each place will differ quite a bit . 
  it really just depends on what you plan to put under the aegis of `` culture '' for the analysis -- and the demographic you plan to be exposed to . 
  well , you certainly seem sure of yourself . 
  ca n't argue with that i guess . 
  one would think that a person with such strong opinions about a person 's comments would know * who * made * what * comments . 
  also , any `` soapboxing '' you see came after the downvotes , so there 's that . 
  the brigade from sas is certain that if americans point out differences here , we 're also equating those differences with those found in europe . 
  that sub has really disappointed me in the last year or so . 
  i used to laugh with them , but they 're just being ridiculous now . 
  yeah , it 's unfortunate . 
  what part of germany , btw ? 
  i lived in fulda for 3-1/2 years . 
  met my wife there 25 years ago . 
  her family lives way up in mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
  i just got back from there last month . 
  i 'm happy to see that you have n't taken a beating here for saying this . 
  when i joined this sub it was because , as an american who 'd been married to a german for over 20 years and who 'd lived in germany for over three , i recognized how screwed up the typical american perspective was , and i felt a sort of solidarity with people who look at us from the outside . 
  but the brigading in the linked comment thread was ridiculous . 
  i used to like this sub because i thought its users had a better , broader perspective . 
  now it seems more like a mob . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  americans say plenty of dumb shit . 
  ( and i 'm not defending the place or the people . 
  i do n't even really like it here all that much , and hope to retire in germany . ), 
  but there 's a certain irony in the way some people in this sub go after one kind of pig-headed obtuseness with another . 
  you are wrong on two counts . 
  maybe three . 
  first of all , i 'm the person who made the comment about central pa vs. philly . 
  at no point did i say that the comparison was equivalent to anything in europe . 
  you appear to be conflating my remarks with those made by others . 
  you are also wholly incorrect about what it 's like in pa from one end to the other . 
  i 've lived here for over 20 years . 
  i think i 'm qualified to say so . 
  where i live , the surroundings are suburban and semi-rural . 
  the majority of the people are highly religious and politically conservative . 
  we have loads of amish and mennonites . 
  within a few miles of my house , you have to keep your eyes open to avoid running into a horse and buggy on the road . 
  the townies out here still speak with weird pennsylvania dutch accents , and every damn thing you see is dutch this and dutch that . 
  there 's a store up the road that uses gas lamps and mechanical cash registers , because they do n't believe in using electricity . 
  an hour to an hour and a half east of here , life is * very * different , i assure you . 
  look , one 's experience is what one makes it . 
  if you travel from one wal-mart or mcdonald 's to the next , and/or interact with people in their 20s the whole way , you can go from boston to san diego without experiencing much difference of note . 
  but if you live here and interact with a broader spectrum of people and institutions , the differences come into stark relief . 
  and i 'm not commenting on how this compares to europe , although i 've lived there too and know what 's similar and what 's different about the two places . 
  ah , so you 're just way-way up . 
  :-) well , specifically they live in g\u00fctzkow , near greifswald . 
  you actually live closer to where i was married , in grasten ( ca n't make the proper `` a '' with the circle over it ) , denmark . 
  just announced : suspect driving silver chevy sonic , license plate vgm-5384 . 
  edit : 11:24 edt , eastbound on rt. 
  ah , thanks . 
  good to know !, 
  if you 're talking about mediaite , then it does n't surprise me . 
  they have some serious lunatic trolls on disqus over there . 
  well that 's funny , because you said this :, 
   after soap-boxing about how big america is in your obtuse answer to op 's simple question, 
  and yet i never offered an answer to op 's question . 
  a link would be even better . 
  wow . 
  i do n't even use twitter , so i would n't have known . 
  a less polite person than myself would say fuck you , but i wo n't stoop that low . 
  if your economic situation in unassailable , or at least reasonably secure , there are plenty of places in the u.s. that look pretty rosy . 
  and if you 've never spent an appreciable amount of time anywhere else , it 's easy to be skeptical of criticism . 
  but if you 've seen -- or better yet , experienced -- what the quality of life is like for people of modest means in other advanced countries , the u.s. loses its patina pretty quickly . 
  as an american of moderate means , i hope to retire in germany someday . 
  i 've seen too much of what 's behind the curtain over here .
