  it 's definitely a show that needs to be watched from the beginning , though . 
  i mean , i assume that 's what you would do , of course . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  it would n't be quite as funny or make as much sense if you picked up a random episode from a late season . 
  and now that i 'm typing this , it occurs to me that this may be part of the reason why the show did n't develop a wider audience over the years . 
  you could pick any episode of seinfeld , by contrast , and not require much or any context to enjoy it . 
  some episodes of community could really inspire a wtf moment in the uninitiated , though . 
  ca n't provide details , but i remember reading that life in prison is a lesser burden on taxpayers than a death sentence . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but this is what i 've come to understand as an important cultural difference between the u.s. and other western countries . 
  i really do n't know how my remark will be received , but here goes . 
  i am an american who lived in europe for several years , years ago . 
  i 've observed that in the u.s. there 's a much greater prevalence of that emotion where people feel gratified when someone else gets his ass handed to him , than in europe , or at least germany . 
  it 's not quite * schadenfreude * , although there 's plenty of that here too . 
  it 's related , though , i think . 
  we have these * rights * that we so cherish , but we do n't seem to embrace the principles behind them so much . 
  we love our free speech , but want to choke the life out of some people for using it . 
  we have a prohibition of `` cruel and unusual punishment , '' but we routinely use the harshest punishments that have n't been officially adjudicated `` cruel and unusual . '', 
  we do n't protect people accused of crimes from public embarrassment , before or after a conviction . 
  we love revenge . 
  our hearts melt when someone behaves selflessly or demonstrates genuine compassion , but we have no stomach for selflessness or compassion when we 're crafting public policy . 
  in europe they fight for the rights of people who have made mistakes in the past to have their past forgotten . 
  here we have laws that force people to relive their mistakes , make those mistakes publicly accessible , and so on . 
  i could go on . 
  the point is , in the united states , we have certain so-called principles of criminal justice , but they 're really not principles . 
  they 're legal protections that people had to fight to attain . 
  it 's important to remember this . 
  it 's important to remember that the police and the public would love to see you eat shit , and so you need to use the protections you have . 
  note : i 'm aware that there are plenty of exceptions . 
  but you ca n't count on them , so you 're better off exercising caution . 
  tl ; dr : at least in the u.s. , it 's a bad idea to trust the police once you 're suspected of having committed a crime , whether you 've actually committed one or not . 
  i think you 're mixing up the right to remain silent with exercising your fifth amendment right not to incriminate yourself in court . 
  they 're both rooted in the fifth amendment , of course , but you do n't have to say jack if you 're arrested . 
  in court , though , you can be called to testify , and simply not answering is not acceptable , so if your answer may be self-incriminating , you have to explicitly state that you wish to exercise your fifth amendment right against self-incrimination . 
  i apparently do n't understand people as well as i think i did . 
  people downvoted you for saying that you want women to have control over their lives and bodies . 
  what the fuck , reddit ? 
  this is truly a great question to pose in this sub , and i wish i had picked up on it sooner . 
  i 've written longer explanations of this in past comments , so i 'll just summarize the key points here . 
  i used to be a fundamentalist christian . 
  i joined the military 25 years ago and simple exposure to a greater variety of viewpoints and backgrounds among fellow soldiers than i had been accustomed to growing up led me to * question * , at least , the idea that i had a monopoly on the truth . 
  when i got out , i enrolled in school and had some great professors who pushed me to excel academically while pursuing topics that were of personal importance to me . 
  as i said , i was a christian . 
  i was also a self-described conservative and a registered republican . 
  one of the first `` big '' assignments i had to do was for a composition class . 
  we were told to pick a topic -- any topic -- as long as it was something we felt passionately about . 
  but we had to gather a minimum of 50 sources for the assignment . 
  this was a key thing for me , as the topic i chose was creationism vs. evolution . 
  without getting into the nitty gritty , the major point is that , while my conclusion was n't solid in the end , there was some quality about the sources i 'd read that i still have a hard time describing fully , and which made a real impression on me . 
  simplified , it was that the creationist arguments seemed . 
  * desperate * by comparison to the other side . 
  they had a cherry-picking quality to them , and appealed more to emotion than facts . 
  it took time , but an important seed was planted for the way my approach to evaluating arguments would evolve . 
  i know this sub is about politics , but this experience was key . 
  it led the way toward the questioning of my political positions . 
  in time i abandoned the republican party . 
  i flirted with objectivism ( and abandoned it pretty quickly ) and called myself a libertarian for several years . 
  again , in time , i abandoned that too , the biggest ( simplified ) reason being that the blind trust in markets and the attitude toward corporations expressed in the literature seemed to wilfully deny or ignore the negatives . 
  eventually some of the stuff libertarians were saying struck me as absurd , and after awhile i just could n't associate myself with the movement . 
  all this time , i had been studying political science , history , anthropology , and other social sciences at the undergraduate and graduate level . 
  the biggest , most simplified lesson i learned was that things are often more complicated than they appear , and that the real truth about many things can be counterintuitive . 
  i connected the things i was learning with my old experiences and memories from living in germany , having traveled , and so on -- sort of like picking up a book you read 10 years ago and rereading it . 
  eventually i became comfortable labeling myself an atheist and a european-style social democrat . 
  it was quite a shift , but it took time , and it was not without some pain that i gave up some ideas that had meant a great deal to me in the past . 
  you should see what 's in my bookcase . 
  i do n't know too many people who have rush limbaugh and noam chomsky in the same rack . 
  thank you . 
  and it 's put me in an interesting place when it comes to relating to others with whom i disagree . 
  i do get upset about some things , but generally , i get where other people are coming from because i 've been on the other side of the fence . 
  one thing that bothers me more than disagreement , though , is the blanket claim that people with my views are `` indoctrinated '' by the public schools and the liberal professors in college . 
  i spent my entire upbringing * actually * being indoctrinated , and not a single teacher or professor told me i was wrong to have my views . 
  my absolute best mentors were the ones who did n't accept ambiguous or unsubstantiated claims , and pushed me to be precise and thorough in my approach to any topic . 
  they did n't applaud one political position over another , but they called bullshit when i was full of it . 
  i 've had professors call my work crap even when i completely agreed with what they were saying in class , because my writing was stilted or i made leaps of logic or what have you . 
  so it annoys me when i 'm branded as a person using `` talking points '' or blindly following a feel-good political movement , or when i 'm told that educated people are just brainwashed to think this way or that . 
  i arrived at my position through a long and painful process , and while i can easily tolerate people who disagree with me , i ca n't abide having my opinions ( or factual knowledge , where applicable ) dismissed as the product of something less genuine . 
  oh , wow , i just typed a long response and lost it all with a slip of the thumb . 
  i will have to be very brief right now , but i will be happy to elaborate more later if my answer is n't complete enough . 
  generally , i find the european concept of democracy to place a much greater emphasis on individual human dignity and quality of life than the american brand does . 
  their social policies and cultural attitudes on the whole reflect this . 
  my father-in-law is the mayor of a small town in germany . 
  he 's in germany 's mainstream conservative party , the cdu , and he is actually a very conservative man by disposition . 
  but his politics would be seen as left of center here in the u.s. , and possibly even `` socialist '' by some . 
  this is nonsense , of course , because i know how damn conservative the guy is . 
  it 's just that his brand of conservatism still has a greater respect for individual human dignity than what we 're accustomed to in the u.s. , and that political sense is unfortunately demonized here . 
  i hope this helps . 
  i lost a much more elaborate answer , but as i said , i 'd be happy to elaborate more later on if you 'd like . 
  generally , yes , there 's that . 
  but culturally it 's more pervasive than attitudes toward the less fortunate . 
  there are strong social programs that are available to everyone , for example , because there 's an attitude that the state can play an effective role in bringing certain quality-of-life benefits to its citizens , regardless of their station . 
  the provision in germany , for example , that all workers receive at least four weeks of paid vacation , applies to everyone , and comes from an attitude that time off from work is a valid , healthy thing for people to want , rather than a manifestation of laziness or some kind of perk that has to be earned . 
  i 'm not sure if it was there that i first heard someone say `` you work to live , not live to work , '' but i know i 've heard people on my german side say it , and it pretty much reflects the attitude . 
  privacy laws , such as the recent one granting the right to people to have their past `` forgotten '' on the internet , whatever criticisms can be made of them , are another example of the `` personal dignity '' focus of european governance . 
  the legislation is n't targeted toward a particular class or group , and it has as its basis the idea that a person 's right to recover from an unfortunate history is more important than a corporation 's wish to do nothing in the way of accommodating that right . 
  it 's subtle , but an anecdote might help the explanation . 
  i said my fil is a conservative local politician in germany . 
  when i 've been to big cities with him over there , on occasions where we have seen a homeless person or beggar on the street ( much less common there than here , but it does exist ) , his attitude has been much like the kind we experience commonly in the u.s. , only with a different focus . 
  instead of pointing a finger at the guy and saying `` he should get a job , '' or something else that addresses the guy 's core quality as a human being , he points and says `` i do n't understand this . 
  in europe , nobody has to be on the street . '', 
  that second part he says proudly , as if it were an achievement and not a waste of public money , and he criticizes the man 's choice to not take advantage of it . 
  i am not trying to paint a picture of european society as some kind of utopia .
