  well they can also be widespread , if ya know what i mean . 
  i 'm not sure if you read your own source thoroughly . 
  i did . 
  first of all , the source does n't label the tampa bay times as left-leaning . 
  you did that . 
  i do n't know how much truth there is to that claim , but i 'm skeptical of it straight away because i 've seen many such claims from the right that are based more on a source 's lack of agreement with the right than with any actual left-wing bias . 
  but that 's just an aside , really . 
  out of the many thousands of ratings politifact has done , your source mentioned 12 ( unless i miscounted ) examples that were specifically criticized . 
  over half of the examples given were criticized from the left . 
  your source also points out that criticism has come from both sides of the aisle . 
  it acknowledges that during one year in particular , republican `` pants on fire '' ratings far exceeded democrat `` pants on fire '' ratings . 
  this , of course , does not by itself indicate bias , as your source also points out . 
  if you read your own source and concluded from it that politifact has a left-wing bias , you did n't read it carefully enough . 
  it does equally well if not better to demonstrate the opposite . 
  are you saying the vikings beat us to mars too ? 
  dammit , vikings !, 
  holy shit , they kept floating down * here ? 
  * this is big . 
  this is reaalllly big . 
  i 'm a gril btw . 
  i do n't know why you have to be racist against conifers . 
  well , there * was * a beheading of sorts involved , too . 
  they could be onto something . 
  * they wore a cage of misandry on their faces until they could take it no more . 
  they loved srs pbuf . 
  the trouble is often that a certain amount of rote learning is necessary to be able to * work * with most subjects . 
  primary school is mainly about this , and drill and practice . 
  the middle grades are where you start to see a period of rote learning ( in some subjects , simply vocabulary ) followed by a period of using that learning in a novel way ( ideally ) , and this is meant to continue into higher education , with the ratio of one vs. the other varying according to subject . 
  starting in the middle grades and going forward , you have students who have varying degrees of difficulty breaking out of the habit of rote learning and the need to be spoon fed material . 
  likewise , you have teachers with varying degrees of skill and patience accommodating this . 
  it 's hard for some students to get to the point where the `` why '' matters or makes sense , and it 's hard for some teachers to continue ( if they ever started ) pressing the `` why '' when so many of their students are stuck on `` what . '', 
  there are a number of other contributing factors , but this dynamic is an important part of the equation , at least at pre-college levels . 
  it would n't work in the us . 
  of course , yeah . 
  my comment was really about the grade levels in comparison . 
  i did n't mean to imply that primary grades focused exclusively on rote learning -- just that , relative to the secondary grades , the focus is more on facts and basic skills . 
  at the secondary level you 're * supposed * to see more of the higher-order stuff ( analysis , synthesis . 
  endeavors for which the `` why '' becomes very helpful if not critical ) , but partly for the reasons i described above , it does n't always happen to the degree that it should . 
  social democrat , really . 
  americans like to use the terms interchangeably , but they 're not the same . 
  to most americans , he might as well be a socialist . 
  to socialists , he 's not a socialist . 
  edit : to elaborate further , his politics is pretty close to mainstream center-left european politics . 
  no , he has n't done anything of the kind . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bernie_sanders ) and [ here ] ( http://www.oregonlive.com/mapes/index.ssf/2015/08/what_bernie_sanders_means_when.html ) he is a `` self-described ` democratic socialist ' '' with further citations you can follow . 
  lest you think my sources are biased , here 's a little bit on the subject from [ the american conservative ] ( http://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/democrats-are-not-socialists-and-neither-is-bernie-sanders/ ) . 
  also , socialists say he 's not a socialist , so there 's that . 
  edit : punctuation . 
  also , you 're a quick downvoter . 
  too quick to have examined the sources , which is something i might have expected . 
  edit 2 : yes , `` nothing of the kind '' is a strong characterization . 
  in the current context though -- considering the pigeonhole the other comment attempted to place sanders in , as well as sanders ' own descriptions of his political beliefs -- he has indeed done `` nothing of the kind . '', 
  you said he was a `` self-proclaimed socialist , '' and to back your claim , you cite the dictionary and an article which , despite its thoroughly biased politics , does n't support your claim , but instead repeats my point right in the title , to wit : `` bernie sanders : proud , self-proclaimed ` democratic socialist . ' '', 
  you can * believe * what you want about his politics , but bernie sanders has repeatedly stated that he is a `` democratic socialist '' in the european/scandinavian sense . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 've lived in europe and i have a relative who was a politician there . 
  for what it 's worth , i also have a graduate degree in political science . 
  bernie sanders has political views that fit very closely with mainstream left-of-center ( but not far left ) european political parties , just like he himself says . 
  you 're welcome to say `` well , it 's all socialism to me , '' and that 's fine , as long as you recognize that bernie would disagree , and socialists would disagree . 
  no , suing them would n't work . 
  i mean , anyone can sue , but a suit in this case would be dismissed . 
  a company can set and follow whatever policy it likes , as long as no intentional or negligent harm occurs . 
  next paragraph , same article : `` they also understand that my kind of ** democratic socialism ** has nothing to do with authoritarian communism . '', 
  ( emphasis mine ), 
  he is clear about his politics , and even if he has from time to time used the term `` socialist '' in the common but inaccurate american vernacular , he has explained on many occasions and in numerous easy-to-find sources , exactly what he means . 
  if you look at the links i provided above , you 'll see precisely what the distinction is . 
  police departments generally have immunity from such lawsuits . 
  it 's very difficult to be successful in a case like that . 
  the complainant would have to prove malicious intent or some kind of egregious , reckless failure . 
  it almost never happens . 
  well , look , if you want to evaluate my statement on strict semantic lines , then that 's fine . 
  i said he 's done `` nothing of the kind '' when he arguably did do something `` of the kind . '', 
  but if you evaluate what i said in relation to the point i directed it at ( especially considering that commenter 's subsequent arguments ) , you 'll realize that that person was attempting to pigeonhole sanders into a class of politics that 1 ) people in the united states generally have a skewed or under-informed perception of , and that 2 ) failed to qualify itself with the underlying context that sanders has repeatedly given . 
  your `` no true scotsman '' claim is missing important context . 
  it 's one thing for a baptist to say `` catholics are n't christians because they 're not * real * christians like me , '' which would befit such a claim . 
  but the similarities between socialism and sanders ' politics look more like a venn diagram . 
  you do n't have to look to the `` most die-hard marxist revolutionaries '' to find the differences . 
  as i said to the other guy , you 're welcome to say `` it 's all the same to me , '' but it 's not the same to bernie , as he 's frequently pointed out , and it 's not the same to most of the rest of the world . 
  if you asked almost anyone outside of the u.s. and perhaps great britain , they would wince at the suggestion that sanders is a `` socialist . '', 
  they would , however , readily acknowledge that he favors `` social '' policies . 
  for many people in the u.s. , this translates automatically into `` socialism . '', 
  that 's because we have a lingering cold war sensibility that conflates the socialism of soviet-style communism with anything that even slightly resembles it . 
  this is an inaccurate understanding of both socialism itself , and sanders ' politics in particular . 
  if you want to pigeonhole sanders , then by all means , do so . 
  it 's your right . 
  but if you want to actually understand his politics , you would do well to look into how he describes it himself , and how it relates to many very successful and beneficial policies that are in place among our allies . 
  edit : fixed grammar . 
  i think it would be divided , the same way some libertarians vote for the libertarian candidate , and some vote republican . 
  ( i imagine some might vote democrat , but it would depend on the issues at stake , and i would n't expect to see very much of it . ), 
  so yeah , if you had bernie , clinton , and bush for choices , real socialists would probably choose bernie . 
  but that 's just the venn diagram at work . 
  neo-nazis would certainly choose bush over the other two , but that does n't make bush a nazi . 
  sanders would support some of the policy preferences of `` real '' socialists , and he would not support some of the others . 
  probably the biggest overlap between sanders and socialists would be their emphasis on the rights of workers . 
  it 's not brainless . 
  it 's just meant to apply in cases where celebrity is more important than specific character traits -- which , in keeping with your point , excludes much of the political process . 
  the idea does have some limited applicability there too , though , such as when you alienate one constituency to gain a larger one . 
  edit : not sure what 's so wrong about what i 've said here , but okay . 
  every video i watch , every snippet i see and every interview i read about srs induces a hatred i have n't felt for someone in a long time . 
  it 's not an implicit hatred like i would have for a murderer , psychopath or a bully . 
  no , it 's a lot more nuanced than that .
