  yeah , i think so too . 
  actually all of our rights are open for negotiation . 
  we have a process for amending the constitution . 
  the entire bill of rights can be nullified if enough people in enough parts of the country want it to be . 
  there are reasons for which we can be thankful that this will never happen , but the mechanism exists nonetheless . 
  you apparently equate political campaign spending with protected speech . 
  the supreme court holds this view . 
  there are many people who disagree with this idea , however . 
  perhaps there are enough people who disagree with it to reverse it through a constitutional amendment . 
  if they do ( and i have my doubts they will , as much as i 'd like to see it happen ) , you will still have freedom of speech , the same way you have it now , despite the court 's rulings that obscenity , incitement , etc. 
  are not protected forms of speech . 
  yeah , as a 42-year-old guy , stuff like this just makes me laugh . 
  it 's like me saying `` only 70s kids remember nixon . '', 
   good luck getting 2/3rds of the legislatures on board for hurting my speech rights /, 
  please reference the part of my comment where i indeed said i find the idea unlikely to succeed . 
   we have a word for those people . 
  we call them `` wrong . '', 
  that 's fine . 
  it does n't mean they 're actually wrong , though . 
  i understand that you disagree with them . 
  and you can call them ice cream sundaes if you want to . 
  the truth is that they 're neither right nor wrong , as you are neither right nor wrong . 
  they have an idea they believe will improve the health of our political system . 
  you disagree . 
  that 's fine . 
   no , i wo n't have freedom of speech the same way i have it now . 
  that would be the point of the amendment . 
  well this is just a case of two people talking past each other . 
  the point of the amendment would be to classify campaign spending as something other than protected speech . 
  it would redefine some terms . 
  i understand your thinking , though , the same way i understand that people 's property rights were curtailed by the 13th amendment . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , though , the 13th amendment put an end to rights that should n't have been rights to begin with . 
  you might agree with me on that point . 
  this is how i regard the issue of political spending . 
  you say i 'm wrong . 
  that 's fine . 
  i 'm sure there were people who thought the 13th amendment was wrong too . 
  you know , andy samberg and justin timberlake have a whole song dedicated to this phenomenon . 
  i am not a constitutional law scholar , so i wo n't attempt to call your assertion incorrect . 
  i am doubtful it would be the case , however , any more than repealing the reconstruction amendments would result in the rebirth of the confederacy . 
   no , they are factually incorrect . 
  campaign spending is speech , and there is not a good argument in the other direction . 
  and that thing you 're looking at , that you think is a screen , is actually a salamander pulling a rickshaw . 
  saying it does n't make it so . 
  but what if it were so ? 
  obscenity is also speech . 
  it 's just not protected under the first amendment . 
  i do n't believe that campaign spending is speech . 
  but if moses came down from the mountain with tablets declaring it to be speech i 'd say fine , it 's speech , and i would support efforts to exclude it from first amendment protection . 
  okay , i give . 
  now please excuse me while i spit money at my daughter about cleaning her room , and pay my wife about what 's for dinner tonight . 
  right , i meant that as a figure of speech . 
  and i agree with what you 've said here . 
  and i want to clarify : it 's not that i think it 's `` okay '' in the sense that it should n't be discouraged through policy short of making it unavailable . 
  and i take the blame for not articulating my position more fully . 
  i just do n't care if somebody has no ambition to pull his own weight . 
  if i encounter someone like that , i may ask the person if he or she has no greater aspirations , but i 'm not going to shame , or blame , because i think that 's misdirected ire . 
  to me it 's a bit like the question of where to place the blame when a kid is unmotivated in school . 
  there are so many areas where you could point your finger . 
  and really , no single place is wholly deserving of the blame . 
  the parents , the kid himself , the teachers , the school , the school * system * , the society -- all are likely to be deserving of some measure of blame . 
  and you know , the kid takes home his report card and he knows he does n't measure up . 
  there 's no need to put a turd in the mailbox with his report card . 
  a better use of effort , in my view , would be to find something the kid can excel at -- something that motivates him . 
  this is n't a foolproof approach , but it 's a better one as far as i 'm concerned . 
  and to take your example of shoplifting : i have no argument with your point . 
  i just look at it differently . 
  and frankly it would take some effort to argue that my position regarding op is n't the same as condoning shoplifting because `` it happens , '' so good on you for poking a hole in my armor . 
  there 's some hair splitting involved i guess , but for me it 's like this : shoplifting happens , but commerce continues . 
  the company does n't stop making its goods available to paying customers because some people steal those goods . 
  beyond that the comparison breaks down because shoplifting is illegal and underachieving is not . 
  also , i do n't equate freeloading of the type we 're discussing with outright theft , although i realize some people do , for reasons that are not completely unsound . 
  i do n't want to make bronze statues of underachievers to plant in front of city hall , i just think that telling them how shitty they are , and creating a panic over the idea that tolerating the behavior will lead to disaster , is an undue waste of our passions . 
  haha , thanks . 
  i wish it were all patience , though . 
  there 's some involved , sure , but there 's also the part where you 're handing someone the rope to tie his own noose . 
  i mean , please , tell me more about how your opinion is ipso facto truth . 
  it must be weird to live in a world where an objective fact has to be established by a 5-4 vote in the supreme court of the united states . 
  i think people realize it plenty . 
  god knows it gets parroted around enough that people are going to start ordering it at mcdonald 's . 
  what the people who keep * saying * this do n't seem to realize is that equating money and speech grants a small minority the * de facto * right to be heard . 
  yes , we know that on some theoretical plane , members of congress do not have to do the bidding of those who bankroll their campaigns . 
  and we know that the voters are the ones who have the final say . 
  and we know that bill clinton did not have `` sexual relations '' with `` that woman , '' too . 
  here are some other things we know : those all-powerful voters ? 
  they 're pretty gullible . 
  they 're busy , too . 
  so they listen to their echo chambers and get swayed by sound bites and media saturation . 
  you and i both know that with enough money and a well-crafted message , we could get half the population to think they 'll get rich by sticking their dick in a blender . 
  check out [ this guy ] ( http://www.braco.net ) . 
  he gets people to pay him eight bucks for the privilege of having him * look * at them . 
  some of the people who do so , also undoubtedly had a hand in putting someone in congress . 
  believe me , the big money knows its audience . 
  branding money as speech gives powerful interests the means to effectively convince voters to vote against their own best interests . 
  and no , this is not what the voters `` deserve '' for being gullible or ill informed . 
  i think our disagreement is one of disposition and not principle . 
  i respect your points . 
  i just have a different attitude about them . 
  i actually appreciate having a discussion on something substantive , as opposed to the bickering over which way is up that i too often encounter around this place . 
  yeah , um , no , friend .
