  well , i just did what you asked me to do , and i discovered precisely zero assertions of an increased crime rate . 
  is there anything else you 'd like me to check ? 
  i do n't mean to be nitpicky , but i keep seeing assertions tossed around about `` the media '' as if it were a singular ( and singularly motivated ) entity that intentionally misrepresents the truth for ideological reasons . 
  and it 's a narrative that * appears * to be accepted as a given among a large number of people , even though systematic evaluations of the claim paint a much different picture of what 's going on . 
  what * incentive * would the media have to misrepresent the trajectory of the crime rate ? 
  if the media leans left , as many people on the right contend , then it should find a declining crime rate more supportive of its bias . 
  oh , you mean like they do with islamic terrorism , which is less likely to kill you than a lightning strike ? 
  and when are subway slashings * not * reported , regardless of the current crime rate ? 
  yes , i 've seen this done in the case of islamic terrorism especially . 
  i hate when the media tries to manipulate me with fear over things like islamic extremism . 
  `` this keeps happening '' literally means that it happens over and over . 
  it does n't speak to any attribute other than the one whereby it -- you know -- * keeps happening . 
  * you inserted the `` growing '' bit yourself , with no help from jon stewart . 
  and that is why the real bias in the media is a sensationalist one . 
  there 's a reason why they say `` if it bleeds , it leads . '', 
  but on that they are consistent . 
  they 've never * not * done it . 
  so i do n't know why this should be interpreted as a rising crime rate . 
  i actually heard a lot of talk about the declined rate when we broke that record -- whatever it was -- for the proportion of citizens we incarcerate compared to other developed countries . 
  well , you made fun of internet sources , and then you said that `` school '' is a bad source for language instruction , so what 's left , then ? 
  you got your own grammar guy ? 
  i do n't need to look at youtube because i 'm 43 years old and i 've seen my share of news over the years . 
  in the early 90s a person would have thought the apocalypse was upon us . 
  that 's actually the precise point i was making , so . 
  you 're welcome ? 
  when your object is to make an argument , you generally do n't trumpet the thing that people like you -- an opponent of that argument -- would use to argue against the point . 
  you do n't do it either . 
  it also is n't relevant to the point he was making , so , while you 're welcome to make * your * point in a counter-argument , there is no damage done to intellectual honesty for saying `` events like this one keep happening , and this time as in the past , we will do jack shit about it . '', 
  according to your logic , he should have added `` also , gun violence is down compared to 30 years ago '' as if that would change the fact that events like this one keep happening , and that we 'll probably do jack shit about it . 
  aw , come on . 
  that 's almost like saying that if we keep the focus on enemies abroad , we 'll forget about who is fucking us sideways in our own backyard . 
  i mean , that 's -- you know -- that 's like . 
  you know . 
  edit : you people and your need for the / s tag . 
  my wife told me nickelback wrote that song . 
  should i report her to the authorities ? 
  great idea . 
  it will give the public another symbolic thing to fight about while nothing of substance is accomplished . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  i said no such thing . 
  i did imply that substance is more meaningful than symbolism , however . 
  did n't say that . 
  fighting over the flag is fighting over a symbol of that substance . 
  holy crap , i 've never seen this before . 
  this is awesome . 
  edit : did something wrong . 
  this presents a problem from an interstate perspective , which is where the federal government has explicit authority . 
  if gay people are married where it 's legal and then move to where it 's not , would they still be married ? 
  and so on . 
  there 's no hivemind , but there 's something like a venn diagram with 10,000 circles ( is that still venn ? ), 
  that intersect in recognizable places . 
  there are some interesting caveats on the subreddit level , of course . 
  when i first jumped into the fray here i could n't make sense of people 's reactions to what i thought were pretty benign factual statements , and then gradually i gained enough focus to avoid surprise . 
  but anyway , i think you 're also right in a sense . 
  i have a hard time explaining to non-redditors that this place has everything , but seems to have the personality of a white male college freshman . 
  so , bernie is n't a socialist in the pure sense . 
  i agree if we zoom the lens back and evaluate from a standpoint of `` socialism writ large . '', 
  he is what most american voters would call a socialist , right or wrong . 
  i disagree with your idea that he 's done nothing to advance socialism , however . 
  he has reduced to some degree the stigma and fear associated with the label in the u.s. , and that 's no small task in this country . 
  it was thomas jefferson , and yes , long after the fact . 
  it was said not as a specific policy preference , but in the context of the larger point that a healthy society has to remake itself from time to time . 
  there 's no way that 's a german house in germany . 
  if someone claimed that it is , that person is mistaken . 
  edit : downvoted !, 
  1 ) german homes are n't built with wood . 
  2 ) german homes do n't have roofs like that . 
  3 ) german properties do n't have chain-link fences of that kind around them . 
  4 ) this is without a doubt an american home . 
  i did a reverse image search and i see that this image is being passed around tumblr like crazy . 
  listen : i 'm not just `` not a racist . '', 
  i 'm a so-called liberal democrat socialist whatever . 
  but this photo is bullshit . 
  it 's not germany . 
  if someone can show me proof that it is , i 'll grovel before you in shame , right here . 
  thanks for lending some context to this . 
  my first impression of srs was n't a good one , mainly because it seemed to me to be a place where people did n't have a sense of humor , and were n't smart enough to tell an actual joke from a shitty comment disguised as a joke based on the context . 
  ( it appears not to be * quite * so bad today , but it 's still a little sanctimonious , i think . ), 
  but i 've been subscribed to srd for a long time and i could n't figure out what the hell people were talking about when they lumped the two places together . 
  i 'm thinking that when srd says `` look , everybody , here they go again '' it signals to the more defensive side of the drama that they 're being made fun of . 
  and they are , in a passive sort of way . 
  i still ca n't tell if the people who are saying things like `` i do n't agree with fph , but i think reddit is still wrong for banning offensive speech '' are innocent and ( somehow ) misinformed , or just sympathizers of the crybaby contingent using toned-down language to avoid getting massively shit on by mainstream users who understand that free expression does n't come with a guarantee of protection from consequences . 
  i was on the fence when i first saw the complaints about censorship and `` cancer '' and so on , so i just observed for a while . 
  and from my perspective , i see almost no sensible argument that can be made in favor of the fph sympathizers . 
  they say it was n't about harassment , but rather reddit censoring offensive speech , and yet the evidence for harassment is easy to find . 
  they say `` there are more offensive subreddits than us ! '', 
  and then name them , and they 're right , and yet this somehow does n't convince them that they were not banned for being offensive . 
  they are complaining still * on reddit , * about * reddit removing stuff it does n't like * and yet i can read it . 
  on reddit . 
  them talking about not being able to talk . 
  what was the subject ? 
  srd is n't srs . 
  i think this is a fair and sober take on the issue and i appreciate the care you took to articulate it . 
  ( i 'm a northeastern yankee , through and through . ), 
   they ca n't force women to have children as punishment for sex, 
  this is a take i 've never heard , and which never occurred to me . 
  pretty interesting . 
  thanks . 
  i did n't say it was meaningless , just that it is symbolic . 
  and symbolism , though meaningful , is less meaningful than substance .
