  til, 
  i do n't have anything philosophical to tell you -- just my own anecdote . 
  twelve years ago i became friends with a number of people in a blogging community . 
  some of these people became very close friends in time . 
  i and my family spent a week in one of their homes for our vacation . 
  we have thanksgiving dinner every other year with the family of another . 
  today many of us still interact in a private facebook group . 
  one of the people in that group got me a stay-at-home job that pays twice what i was making before . 
  so your premise could n't be further from my reality . 
  well i guess that 's the thing : honesty . 
  i had the good fortune of being involved with people who represented themselves more or less accurately . 
  also , for what it 's worth , your story is an example of internet relationships gone wrong , but op characterized them as inherently juvenile , which is a different matter still . 
  while i do n't disagree with your point , i just want to say that genesis is a patchwork of two narratives -- one written about 3200 years ago and the other about 2900 years ago -- edited together during the babylonian exile , which occurred roughly 2600 years ago . 
  as for hebrew being `` dead , '' well , scholars do n't have much trouble with this . 
  tolerance of general cursing has increased in the u.s. over the past generation or so , although it is by no means considered permissible and would certainly land you in * some * kind of trouble in school , depending on the context and the grade . 
  but using the word `` nigger '' crosses a line that goes beyond cursing here , and it would not surprise me to hear of someone being suspended for doing so . 
  this question is more complicated than it seems . 
  how do you define each term ? 
  it was only a short time ago that forbidding , say , a hotel owner from refusing to rent rooms to black people was considered a `` liberal '' idea . 
  now you 'd be hard pressed to find someone who would argue for the hotel owner 's right to do so . 
  does that mean we became more liberal ? 
  moreover , the dichotomy of conservative vs. liberal politics as practiced in the u.s. is to a certain degree false , partly due to the conflation of ideological positions that occurs in our two-party system . 
  are democrats really liberal if they represent the interests of their big corporate donors ? 
  are republicans really conservative if they support big government when big government adopts republican initiatives ? 
  in germany , where my in-laws live , their version of conservative looks like what many people consider liberal or even socialist here . 
  so you can imagine what their opinion is of what passes for `` conservative '' ideology here . 
  so really , i do n't know if the terms mean very much in american politics today . 
  late to the party , as usual . 
  not to mention the true universal health care , free university education , low infant mortality rates , high happiness and well-being metrics , and so on . 
  and your username suggests you should know . 
  if you look at this question from the perspective of john locke , humankind lives in a `` state of nature '' before government -- a state in which all matters must be dealt with on an individual or family level . 
  when humans come together in a voluntary association , they relinquish responsibility for certain things , such as lawmaking , law enforcement , and other matters , by entering into a `` social contract '' wherein a centralized authority takes up these matters so that individual members of the voluntary association have the freedom to pursue other goals . 
  this is a simplification , but in any case , it was the philosophical basis for the ideas that eventually made their way into the declaration of independence and the u.s. constitution . 
  americans who think this way do n't understand what it 's like to live in a country where the government is actually responsive to the needs of its people . 
  i think a civilian tour of duty in an eu country would change a lot of minds . 
  yes you pay more for gas and in taxes , but you do n't have to worry about going bankrupt due to an illness . 
  or borrow as much money as you would for a house to go to school . 
  no one has to live on the street . 
  this is peace of mind , and peace of mind means a vastly improved quality of life . 
  u.k. in the house ? 
  the first amendment guarantees freedom of speech , but you ca n't get away with taking up the microphone at a gathering and encouraging the crowd to commit acts of violence . 
  second amendment enthusiasts seem to ignore the `` well regulated militia '' part . 
  nowhere does the second amendment bar the government from pulling a guy with an assault rifle off of a busy highway . 
  sje46 is n't wrong , but do n't use a singular `` they . '', 
  i should have included more information with my comment . 
  you 're not wrong in the same way it is n't `` wrong '' to leave the house in clothes that do n't match . 
  i understand that the descriptive approach allows for a more inclusive way of understanding the language . 
  and people will debate points from either side of the issue for a long time to come . 
  and yes , in many cases things that were considered wrong have , and will continue , to become perfectly acceptable even from a prescriptive standpoint . 
  but the truth is that the world is full of people who like to think of the rules as hard and fast -- people who do n't have your more nuanced understanding of how the language is evolving . 
  they will judge op , whether they 're right or wrong to do so . 
  right now , even though the matter is in flux , it is not advisable to use a singular `` they '' because many people will see this as an indication of poor grammar skills . 
  i agree that one can get away with it more easily in speech than in writing . 
  i would just extend your prescription for `` formal writing '' to all writing , unless you 're comfortable with having to defend yourself all the time to the grammar judges , who may or may not be evaluating your resume and cover letter . 
  there are lots of people who do this stuff . 
  do n't pringle this one out . 
  edit : wow , you guys are really chipping away my karma . 
  there is hardly a consensus on this matter , even among the authoritative style guides . 
  one thing that many of them say , however , despite the lack of agreement on the objective rightness or wrongness of using the singular they , is that it should be avoided if it can be without using the more awkward forms you mentioned . 
  this hardly makes it `` advisable . '', 
  the very fact that there is debate over the issue leads me to favor a rewrite over controversial usage . 
  if i did a bad job on that pun i guess i 'll just have to take the downvotes -- you know , let the . 
  i ca n't remember the expression . 
  something fall where they may . 
  no disagreement . 
  still does n't mean that the police have no legitimate interest in protecting people . 
  there are caveats to all of our constitutional protections because of the need to balance the public 's legitimate interests . 
  i may support a person 's right to own a weapon , but if there 's a guy in a banana costume on the highway wielding an assault rifle i 'm taking a detour . 
  i think that if law enforcement is of the same mind , doing something about it is a matter of taking balanced interests into account , not trampling a guy 's second amendment rights . 
  then the solution is simple : when in doubt , do n't rewrite . 
  just make sure that your audience is made up of linguists . 
  i use a ps3 with ps3 media server for most stuff , but i also run a super-long hdmi cable from the computer to an hdmi switcher with a signal amplifier for cases where i encounter cinavia or a video format that does n't work with ps3 media server . 
  i only have to make use of the latter about 15 % of the time or so , but it 's a good solution to have prepared for those frustrating occasions . 
  you 're right . 
  most educated people would view such usage as an error . 
  that such a perspective is `` universally rejected in academia '' was apparently lost on every one of my undergraduate and graduate professors . 
  look , we almost certainly come from different places in this discussion . 
  i 'm a left-leaning guy who would like to see the second amendment repealed and the u.s. adopt gun policies that resemble those of other western nations , which experience a fraction of gun-related deaths compared to the u.s. 
  so i 'm biased , plain and simple . 
  and i actually sympathize with your reasoning as it applies in other areas , such as stop-and-frisk , the nsa controversy , and so on . 
  so you really wo n't find consistency in my constitutional perspective on this issue . 
  in principle , i agree with your point : if the law does n't explicitly prohibit this activity then people should not be harassed for their lawful behavior . 
  however , i think that laws that make this behavior permissible are absurdly irresponsible in today 's world . 
  so i give law enforcement the benefit of the doubt when they 're dealing with behavior that falls so far outside what one would expect from reasonable people . 
  again , you 're right about the police and the duty question . 
  and again , we come from different places on this issue . 
  i see the duty question as extraneous here , however . 
  the police may have no duty to protect bystanders , but the state , on behalf of which the police act , has to balance the legitimate interests of the parties involved . 
  i think that banana man offered enough to make law enforcement view the balance as tipped toward a need for caution . 
  thank you for the supplemental information . 
  i have n't had time to do more than glance through it yet , but i certainly will read it carefully later today when i have some more time . 
  i 'll let others weigh in on the comma after `` recently , '' but as far as i 'm concerned you can get rid of that semicolon and you 're good . 
  not disputing this , but asking for clarification . 
  is there really disagreement between those two phrases ? 
  is it the having and the being ? 
  i just do n't see it . 
  not sure what you mean by that . 
  citizens of eu member states have residency and work rights across the board . 
  i married a german while i was stationed in germany with the u.s. army . 
  we had our daughter when we did * because * of the german health care system .
