  ( it 's been a long time since i lived in mass. , so i do n't know the particulars too well . ), 
  i just wanted to make the general point that incumbency has advantages that any challenger has to overcome , notwithstanding popularity . 
  you sound like me . 
  i 'm 44 and i 've almost disengaged from music altogether . 
  i do n't know why , really . 
  i actually love good music . 
  i just do n't care enough to pursue trends . 
  a similar phenomenon applies to other areas of my life too . 
  it reminds me of something i read about cats . 
  in response to a question about whether cats know their names , a writer said that they do know them , but they just do n't care . 
  i feel like that about a lot of things that used to matter to me . 
  you know , i never thought i 'd be * quite * like that , but i think i made it till about 35 before i stopped actively pursuing any new artists . 
  now i 'm just like * okay , if jack white or chris cornell do anything new i 'll see if i can fit them in between the 15th and the end of the month . 
  narcissism aside , i ca n't think of anything that would have a longer-term effect on a child than an abortion would . 
  i think it 's a reference to trees that kill people for their sweaters . 
  now write `` do an abortion '' 100 times !, 
  oh , great , there 's another concept i have to deconstruct ? 
  i had n't heard about this one . 
  let me guess : it 's another theoretical construct that bears no relation to any actual thing in human history , right ? 
  ah , thanks !, 
  homesteading rings a bell now that i see it explained this way . 
  `` mix your labor with the land '' sounds like a perfect libertarianism indeed . 
  i see more than a few monty python sketches in the concept . 
  the cumulus capacity of these products is staggering . 
  sounds cozy . 
  personally , i 'm not a fan of the / s tag . 
  i think it ruins the fun somewhat . 
  but then you have people taking you seriously when you do n't mean them to . 
  first world problems , i guess . 
  i think age plays a role , but i do n't think it 's * the * factor . 
  i believe that , more than anything , people become invested in a worldview that makes sense to them , facts be damned . 
  maybe age is just a part of what makes people more likely to be so invested . 
  i think it would be more accurate to say that all three are `` pro-estsblishment , '' and that msnbc leans left but is more pro-democrat , fox news is pro-republican , and cnn goes so far out of its way to seem neutral that it favors entertainment over news . 
  in fact , they all favor entertainment over news . 
  cnn just favors a generic brand of entertainment . 
  edit : which is not to say that you 're `` wrong , '' really -- just that american politics in particular sometimes conflates party politics with left-right ideology and they sometimes do n't really match up too well . 
  explore the space !, 
  holy shit , you 've got balls . 
  actually , it 's six months ago in australia due to the counterclockwise motion of toilet water there . 
  pretty basic science . 
  i think part of the problem is the term `` abuse . '', 
  to me the term connotes a circumstance where the abuser knows better but acts as if he or she does n't . 
  and denial is n't necessarily a case of `` knowing better . '', 
  if you are insecure and unhappy with yourself and you beat your kid to relieve your frustration , that 's abuse . 
  if you feed your kid poorly and allow him or her to become unhealthy and overweight , that 's more likely a combination of negligence , ignorance , and denial , but i stop short of calling it abuse , because to me there 's a component of malice missing to warrant that label . 
  that 's why the two words are often used together , i 'm sure . 
  well , i did say `` for me , '' but i believe my sense of the word is the prevailing one . 
  just google it and read the definitions . 
  most of them involve a component of malice or reckless disregard . 
  i agree , but they do n't carry the definition , either . 
  an element not being * necessary * for a definition of something is not a convincing argument for its liberal application . 
  there are lots of words that do n't * require * this or that element to be technically correct , but which are nevertheless misleading in certain contexts . 
  and i think people have used the term `` abuse '' too liberally here . 
  i could say that someone is a `` child murderer '' and it would be technically correct where 1 ) someone kills a 17 year old in a crime of passion , or 2 ) a serial killer preys on unsupervised 5-year-olds at the mall . 
  they 're both bad things , but each case is different in significant ways . 
  people get too worked up in their passions , as far as i 'm concerned , and they like to apply terms to things that are emotionally satisfying . 
  i 'm not arguing that the parent in this case is * justified . 
  * i 'm saying that calling what she did `` abuse '' dilutes the severity of the term when it is applied in cases where there * is * malice or reckless disregard . 
  i think this person 's behavior is more solidly characterized as negligent , not abuse . 
  `` negligent '' does n't require the narrow definition that `` abuse '' does in this context . 
   ignoring all of the other issues with your arguments , let 's look at the federal definition of child abuse . 
   `` any recent act or failure to act on the part of a parent or caretaker which results in death , serious physical or emotional harm , sexual abuse or exploitation '' ; or, 
  `` an act or failure to act which presents an imminent risk of serious harm . '', 
   would you not call this a failure to act on the parents part which resulted in serious harm ? 
  your question does n't accurately reflect what 's in those definitions . 
  `` serious physical or emotional harm '' ca n't be ascertained here . 
  do i think that untreated obesity in a child will inevitably lead to those things ? 
  i 'd say most likely , yes . 
  but we do n't know if `` serious harm '' as a result of the obesity has occurred yet , and so labeling this as abuse is presumptuous at this point . 
  you ca n't say that the obesity is itself `` serious harm '' just because it can lead to serious harm . 
  smoking is known to lead to serious harm , but it is also not necessarily immediately harmful . 
  the other definition requires `` imminent risk , '' and we do n't know that 's the case , either . 
  the harmful effects could take years to manifest themselves . 
  there 's been some confusion here . 
  i was n't commenting on the case in the link . 
  there was an anecdote in a branch of this thread with a less clear-cut case . 
  it does n't appear to be directly in this line of the discussion . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  in any case , i find that people have been too quick to label ignorance and negligence as abuse in the broader thread , and in other circumstances as well . 
  i do n't remember what the specific facts of this case were anymore , and i do n't care enough to look at this point . 
  this is so funny because i 've complained about this privately many times and this is the first time i 've heard it coming from someone else . 
  these days , i go straight to the lowest reviews to evaluate a product . 
  if , say , less than 10-15 % of the worst reviews are about the quality of the actual product , i move on to the positive reviews . 
  i wonder if you can do this with cats . 
  i 've heard you can train cats , but damn , it 's got ta be hard . 
  your first statement seems fine enough to me , although i had to look up `` stochastic . '', 
  your second statement , while grammatically okay , could probably use some refinement . 
  instead of saying that the `` result '' is random , i would be more specific about the result you 're referring to . 
  `` result '' seems too broad to me . 
  for example , a result of radioactive decay might be a hunk of lead . 
  that 's probably not what you mean , right ? 
  so say what you * do * mean , specifically , and i think you 'll have a much more effective sentence . 
  hope this helps !, 
  yeah , `` beobachten '' is really a better match with `` observe '' most of the time . 
  `` watch '' seems to me more like achten , guken , or zuschauen . 
  i think there 's an ironic tone you 're missing . 
  holy shit , man . 
  study some synesthesia . 
  irony is musical . 
  relax , man .
