  i agree with this generally , although in discussions with mixed company i try to avoid some of the more provocative phrasing because it often has the effect of alienating your opponents instead of persuading them . 
  i 'm not so sure about the virtue of `` consistency , '' though . 
  i mean , in some circumstances it could be viewed that way , but with libertarians ( particularly those of the objectivist ilk ) it seems to cross the line into an intransigence that is counterproductive to any meaningful discussion . 
  i considered myself a libertarian for several years , but i walked away from it about 15 years ago when the literature seemed to ignore or even deny objective , easily verified facts that contradicted libertarianism 's dogmatic positions . 
  i do n't think it would have been particularly virtuous of me to continue with that worldview in light of this . 
  that said , i think that libertarianism has some useful ideas and principles . 
  it 's people 's inability to acknowledge the limitations of these ideas and principles that i ca n't abide . 
  i find this statement objectively rational . 
  okay . 
  we probably disagree on stuff , but i find your willingness to see nuances admirable . 
  this makes me think of how the casting goes for parts requiring someone who 's fat and ugly . 
  `` next ! '', 
  `` sorry , not fat enough . 
  next ! '', 
  `` sorry , not ugly enough -- plenty fat , but you 're gorgeous . 
  next ! '', 
  `` ahh , here we go !, 
  now * this * is fat and ugly , folks . '', 
  i started with galapagos and then ended up completely absorbed in his work , which completely reshaped my worldview in my 20s and beyond . 
  i do n't . 
  what 's wrong with the people deciding whether corporations are over-regulated or not ? 
  if a corporation has an issue with that , they can spend their money appealing to the people instead of breaking the relationship between the people and their government . 
  this is almost a separate issue . 
  when i went to germany with the u.s. army 25 years ago , our `` orientation '' included a warning of sorts that europeans do n't smile a lot , and that if you do ( as you 're used to doing in the u.s. ) , people might think something 's wrong with you . 
  i 'm on the east coast . 
  a friend in seattle called it a `` seattle chill '' or something like that . 
  sorry you got downvoted for being honest about not getting the gun thing in the u.s. my dad was a lifetime nra member and always had guns in the house , and i never got it either . 
  nor do i have any interest in ever owning any guns . 
  it definitely is an american thing , and i think that , besides just being a part of our old political culture , it comes from the fact that most americans never spend any time living in a place where guns are rare . 
  i met my wife when i was 18 and she was 26 . 
  when we met i lied and said i was 19 . 
  we still joke about it today after 23 years of marriage . 
  holy crap , i 'm 4 ' 20 '' . 
  guess i got ta smoke something now . 
  like school segregation ? 
  your sentence is fine . 
  one option , though , besides the parentheses already mentioned , would be to eliminate the commas and the `` certainly . '', 
  nothing wrong with your choice of words . 
  an opponent is just the person with the opposing view in an argument . 
  this is one of those questions that will generate replies that are at odds with each other depending on whether they are written from the descriptive or prescriptive point of view . 
  in short , you 'll find evidence for this form of usage in regional dialects , which is more-or-less self-validating from the descriptive point of view . 
  but the prescriptivists who design tests for ets , for example , would probably use this construction as a multiple-choice answer you 're * not * supposed to pick . 
  shit . 
  i 'm 42 , and this is what reddit thinks of me ? 
  people say this from time to time for whatever reason , but the truth is that karma is a form of validation to which many people seem to ascribe value . 
  i do n't have much myself , and increasing what i have is n't a major priority for me , but i have to admit that i get some satisfaction from getting more as opposed to less . 
  it 's a bit like having people around you nod in agreement when you talk . 
  there 's no * inherent * value in it , but it does serve as a form of encouragement . 
  i do n't . 
  was the ban initiated by their own mods or did it come from somewhere else ? 
  if you want to get into the matter in a little more depth , you can read about the [ documentary hypothesis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/documentary_hypothesis ) , which , with some minor variations , is all but universally accepted by biblical scholars today . 
  in short , what scholars have found is that the old testament is a patchwork of at least four parallel sources woven together by an editor or editors , most likely during the babylonian captivity , which was in the sixth century b.c.e. 
  as others have pointed out , the old testament was written in hebrew , the new testament in greek . 
  one thing i should point out , however , is that many of the books of the new testament are pseudonymous , including the four gospels . 
  many of the books are ascribed to paul , but scholars only hold about 13 ( i could be off a little with this number . ), 
  of the so-called pauline epistles to have been actually written by paul . 
  the oldest gospel is mark ( not written by mark ) , and it was written roughly 20 years after jesus ' death . 
  matthew and luke seem to have partially used mark as a source . 
  john was written the latest ( of the gospels ) , somewhere around 90 c.e. , and has a distinctly different character than the other three gospels . 
  the only one i 've ever heard of that predates mark is the q gospel , which has never been found , but is inferred ( and partially reconstructed ) from other sources . 
  there are numerous non-canonical gospels , as you 've mentioned , but unless i 've missed something , none are contemporaneous with jesus himself . 
  the best known of these are the gnostic gospels , which seem to have been suppressed for doctrinal reasons . 
  got it . 
  i know this is a tongue-in-cheek comment , but the real answer is pretty interesting . 
  judea at the time was experiencing massive turmoil under roman occupation , with various camps divided over what to do about it . 
  the `` jesus movement '' was a real thing , of course , but the first accounts regarding it were at least partially written as polemics aimed at casting various players of * their own time * in a certain light . 
  so , in short , people were n't motivated to write about the events until doing so had some political significance . 
  well i ca n't be sure about the full scope of the writers ' motivations , and i 'm not a biblical scholar myself , but i do know that at the time the early gospels were written there really was little sense of what the movement would become . 
  originally the `` jesus movement '' was a purely jewish phenomenon with no intention of spreading beyond the confines of that community . 
  the original writings of that time seem to have been limited to a purely `` functional '' account of jesus ' sayings ( this would be the q document i mentioned elsewhere in this thread ) . 
  so from the standpoint of the limited scope of the original movement and the apparent functional nature of the first writings , it would seem that posterity was not a foremost concern for the earliest writers , at least . 
   further , the descriptive point-of-view is no more `` self-validating '' than the equations that define the pull of gravity are `` self-validating . '', 
  by definition , the descriptive point-of-view ( i.e. , linguistics ) * describes * things as they are . 
  and that 's what i meant when i used that term . 
  nice run-down . 
  the only thing that raised my eyebrows was this , though :, 
   j may be the single oldest prose epic in human history ( though that 's debated ) . 
  to my knowledge there 's no debate here . 
  the epic of gilgamesh , for example , predates this by over a millennium . 
  anyway , which sources do you like the most ? 
  i 've read stuff by friedman , pagels , and some others , but i really enjoy bart ehrman 's work . 
   purple suit with matchin hat, 
  at least he was n't being too obvious about it . 
  as a person in his 40 's , i will say that for me , the idea of people my age and above having sex is nowhere near as cringeworthy as seeing people in our age group dance . 
  yeah , it was n't too long ago that i learned not to say that i 'll `` hook up '' with my friends . 
  if you look at the success other countries have had with their safety nets , it would be easy to conclude that we have n't done enough . 
  so then answer jimmy 's question :, 
   what steps are you going to take to make sure that charity is enough ? 
  what will you do if it is n't ? 
   is n't it possible these libertarians , rather than being `` naive , short-sighted , and bereft of personal responsibility , '' think they actually do understand the issue, 
  i 'm gon na start with `` no '' and wait for something more convincing to come along . 
  you 're not wrong , but this is beside the point . 
  people who advocate for government intervention do n't do so with the naive belief that government is always right . 
  rather , they ( we ) see it as the only way to effect justice with a reasonable degree of uniformity and accountability . 
  except when it comes to enforcing contracts , establishing law and order , building infrastructure , maintaining a stable monetary system , negotiating with foreign governments , traffic lights , safe water , national security , corporate charters , and all the other stuff everyone in the modern world takes for granted without viewing it as coercion . 
  and that 's how we get shit done !, 
  i did . 
  i walked away from libertarianism 15 years ago because of its failure to acknowledge simple truths that contradicted its dogma . 
  i think the `` movement '' has its heart in the right place , but it fails to see the proper boundaries of its doctrine . 
  pax romana , cyrus , ramesses ii , the assyrians , nazi germany until 1939 , the hellenistic world , blah , blah , blah , blah .
