  okay , fine . 
  so , what did hillary learn from all of that ? 
  it would seem that she learned little or nothing . 
  and that 's too bad . 
  i * want * to like hillary , but i ca n't . 
  i do n't think she 's a good representative of the democratic ideal , i do n't think she has much potential to unify , i think she is an embodiment of the republican/conservative * caricature * of democrats ( i.e. , the elitist who wants everyone to `` do as i say , not as i do '' -- who thinks that rules are n't for people like herself ) , and i think that her status as a feminist icon is laughable , because she rode the coattails of her husband to achieve the status she enjoys . 
  this email thing is indeed no surprise , as you say . 
  but it angers me that a person so well positioned to advance the democratic agenda would shit on the whole team by being almost precisely the person her opponents accuse her of being . 
  it 's funny to read the other responses to this comment . 
  obviously i do n't know for sure , but i think it 's a fair guess that conservatives who say things like `` it 's almost as if we were real people with diverse opinions '' -- at least when it comes to this issue -- are * probably * under 40 . 
  the question of whether a politician ever * smoked * marijuana was a * big deal * not very long ago . 
  bill clinton had to do in what my opinion was outright * lie * and say that he `` tried , '' but `` could n't '' because he 's `` allergic to smoke . '', 
  twenty years ago opinions in this country were * very * different about marijuana ( even more so regarding gay marriage ) and i credit a fair portion of the shift in opinion to the new generation of `` conservatives '' having been raised with a wealth of information at their fingertips . 
  in 1985 you could get away with teaching 9th graders that chronic marijuana use could cause guys to start growing breasts . 
  a short time later that was no longer true . 
  so let 's clear up something about the terminology . 
  if you consider yourself a conservative and you support legalization or decriminalization , then you hold at least one position that is not conservative . 
  there 's no value judgment in that statement . 
  i do n't care what team you 're on or what you want to call yourself , but do n't be surprised if you wear a conservative label and someone reacts with surprise when you express your opinions on marijuana , because your position on that subject is not a conservative one . 
  edit : apparently some people found my comment to be of such little use that it deserved downvotes , albeit with nothing offered in the way of a counterpoint or correction . 
  if my comment was off base or otherwise incorrect , i am very interested in hearing how a position friendly to the decriminalization , legalization , or consumption of marijuana is a conservative one . 
  if i 'm not wrong , then i 'm left to wonder why anyone would find it so difficult to acknowledge that one single policy preference -- out of a practically infinite number -- is not conservative . 
  my preferences place me pretty squarely in the so-called liberal camp , but i have some views that would properly be labeled as conservative , and i 'm not bothered by that in the least . 
  it does n't make * me * a conservative to acknowledge that i favor this or that conservative policy . 
  and favoring a liberal marijuana policy as a conservative does n't necessarily make one a liberal . 
  it 's just an example of a conservative having one liberal policy preference . 
  and i ca n't see any reason why that should be such a hard pill to swallow . 
  i 'll chime in too with my own concurring nod . 
  he 's one of the few names i can recognize from one week to the next for reasons that do n't involve me wanting to slap him with a big fish . 
  and frankly , i ca n't remember if over time i 've agreed or disagreed with most of the things he 's said . 
  i just know he 's one of the ones who does n't talk out of his ass or claim to have a monopoly on the truth . 
  in other words , he 's capable of actually discussing something in a discussion group . 
  thanks for such a complete reply . 
  it 's funny , i was just talking you up in another thread . 
  the last paragraph is the one where our perspectives match completely . 
  you seem to be roughly 10 years older than me and that probably accounts for some of the nuance my perspective lacks , particularly when it comes to the nixon-reagan continuum . 
  it also has something to do with the fact that i spend more time looking at politics in society as opposed to the dirty underbelly inside the beltway , so i appreciate the perspective you bring . 
  yes , the animosity was incredibly strong in that decade from about ' 65 - '75 that we call the sixties , but i was too young to have picked up on it at the time . 
  i remember watching a video of agnew attending a rally organized to support him , right after he 'd for all practical purposes been caught with his pants not just down , but * off , * and it was well attended !, 
  and i know that the contrast in political sentiments at the time was far starker than anything you can find today . 
  there was real fear among conservatives -- particularly in nixon 's camp -- a win for their political opponents could ( or * would * ) result in the disintegration of all things good ( you know -- free acid for all and whatnot ) . 
  this was a strong underlying factor in their justification of both their illegal activity and their coverup of the same . 
  they were * wrong , * of course , but that 's where their heads were . 
  anyway , thanks again . 
  i mean , my point was not to imply that it was * all bullshit * or something something along those lines . 
  all of that stuff played a huge role in helping me form an opinion of the clintons that survived my transition from a republican/libertarian to the flaming cut-and-run , blame-america-first , commie , pinko , socialist manger-scene wrecker that i am today . 
  it * was * serious , but it was also circumstantial , and if the shit indeed hit the fan , little , if any , stuck to hillary , and she went on to become a senator . 
  so what i was trying to get across ( and probably did n't do so well ) is that that moment would have been a great time to cut out the bullshit and start conducting herself in a way that might possibly take the wind out of her critics ' sails . 
  it would have been a great time to start giving her defenders and the party generally an example that contradicted people 's fears and criticisms . 
  but instead she somehow thought that maintaining an email server in her * house * was acceptable . 
  and today , she seems to think that we 're stupid enough to believe that a person would do such a thing so it would n't be necessary to carry around two devices . 
  but yeah , since people seem neither to know nor care much about what you and i consider recent history , i 'm glad that they at * least * bristle at hillary 's personality . 
  meant to say this earlier and forgot . 
  misusing fallacies , man -- that 's a big one . 
  we should start a sub just for that . 
  my willingness to fully engage someone in a debate waxes and wanes , and there 's nothing like trotting out some bastardized idea of a logical fallacy to get me disengaged for awhile . 
  one example that comes to mind happened when i called into question some guy 's statement that went something like `` forced equality is the greatest horror man has inflicted upon man in the history of the world . '', 
  after a protracted exchange in which non-controversial facts were of little consequence , i offered a personal anecdote about how i once defended absolute statements like the one he made and then eventually came to see the grey areas , and so on -- not as * proof * that i was correct , but rather as -- you know -- that thing human beings sometimes do known as sharing experiences . 
  he responded by telling me that my effort was an `` appeal to authority '' -- like , my own authority -- and that my argument was therefore invalid . 
  it was one of my first lessons on engagement here . 
  anyway , would n't wish the experience on anyone , but it 's still good to know i 'm not the only one who 's been frustrated by it . 
  well that 's fine , and i have no interest in debating how many ticks on a graph more extreme this or that guy was . 
  but when i say they were wrong , i mean, 
  1 ) that their fears notwithstanding , their criminal behavior and general dishonesty was not justified , and, 
  2 ) i think it 's reasonable to say that however liberal mcgovern was , his victory is unlikely to have resulted in the country 's ruination . 
  i 'm going one more round on this topic and that 's it . 
  i will not venture down a rabbit hole of inane debate today . 
  you said :, 
   if they just do as demanded by the president then we 're venezuela . 
  and that 's fine , except for the fact that i never said anything about congress `` doing as demanded by the president . '', 
  i said , and you quoted me saying before misrepresenting the point , that it 's not the job of congress to `` plot against the president . '', 
  and it 's not . 
  if the president is * demanding * anything from congress , congress has the prerogative to ignore the demand , because the constitution does n't grant the president the authority to demand anything from congress . 
  it is neither required , nor was it intended by the architects of the constitution , that congress `` plot against the president . '', 
   congress should be blocking the presidential plans at every turn, 
  congress should exercise its constitutional authority and the president should exercise his . 
  if the two branches have common aims then it is neither against the letter nor the spirit of the constitution for those aims to be carried out lawfully . 
  you seem to have a misunderstanding about the reason for separation of powers and for checks and balances . 
  the structure does n't exist this way to encourage active antagonism among the branches . 
  it 's there so that different branches are composed of people who are beholden to different constituencies that through natural forces have interests that do n't always align with one another . 
  each piece in that structure is granted some measure of authority over matters that are primarily the concern of the other pieces , so that doing the country 's business * requires * the agreement of actors beholden to constituencies with different interests . 
  this prevents , for example , the volatile and populist house from ramming unwise measures through in the heat of passion , or the president from raising an army the size of his choosing and then using it to cross the rubicon , as it were . 
  the idea is not to have the branches actively oppose one another . 
  it 's to ensure that competing interests agree before a measure is put into action , so that no single aspect of governance falls within the sole authority of a single person , party , or interest . 
   congress should pass congresses plan and budget, 
  they always do . 
  the president does not have the authority to pass a budget and never has . 
  what has happened with the gradually increasing democratization of our system ( popular election of presidents , senators , and so on ) is that each election cycle becomes a message of sorts to officials in all three branches ( with little consequence for the judiciary , of course ) . 
  if the president wins an election on a platform of x , congress knows that x is something the public wants , and so it is in their interest to support it ( with caveats , exceptions , horse trading , pork , and all that stuff , yes ) . 
  there is no constitutional requirement for them to accept or pass a budget issued by the president . 
  but because the executive branch is the one that deals with the practicalities of implementation , it has a pretty good idea of what it needs to accomplish the goals set forth by congress in the past as well as its own priorities it is within its purview to set . 
  and then there 's the factor of popular will i already mentioned . 
  so in time it 's become the practice for presidents to submit a budget to congress for approval , and congress can do whatever it wants at that point , as it has done since the first presidential budget was submitted and as it continues to do today . 
   the president has no place in legislation , and the country is worse for it becoming accepted, 
  the president has an absolute place in legislation as the constitution grants him for the purpose of checks and balances . 
  he can veto . 
  he can threaten a veto . 
  it has become more complicated than that , too , and i have mixed feelings about what 's been done , some of which are probably in line with your own . 
  it would take me more time than i have available to go over this part in detail . 
  there are executive orders ( which are really just rules the president has the authority to make for the executive agencies under his control , although they have a quasi-legislative effect due to the pervasiveness of federal executive agencies ) , signing statements , and other stuff that split hairs to get around constitutional constraints and flaws , to both good and ill effect .
