  if nothing marx predicted ever came to fruition , then leninism can only be viewed as somehow distinct from marxism . 
  of course , marx did make some correct predictions , and leninism is also distinct from marxism in important ways , but this can only be understood if you have n't concluded otherwise from the outset . 
  * sigh *, 
  that phrasing of his comes off almost like some kind of mantra after you 've seen it on either side of a time gap . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/2khuig/libertarians_what_are_your_thoughts_on/clltxb4?context=2 ) !, 
  five months ago . 
  my study of marx was tangential to my primary concentration ( political science ) , so i know my understanding of marxism is n't thorough . 
  but there 's a difference between incomplete knowledge and thorough misunderstanding . 
  eh , i 'm pretty sure hitler was all about the equality . 
  my favorite is, 
  * nazi stands for national socialist . 
  it 's right there in the name !, 
  as if it were game , set , match . 
  i swear , it was n't until i got into the depths of reddit that i realized how much bullshit information there is out there . 
  after reading ian kershaw 's two-volume biography of hitler and some other lengthy accounts of the nazi era , the idea that people would equate nazism with communism , or would see nazism as a leftist ideology , was the farthest thing from my mind . 
  you ca n't * actually * know about the movement or the man and believe these things . 
  but distortions abound , and we have people conflating modes of government with political ideology such that the political spectrum is about individual freedom rather than economic and political equality . 
  and the idea that marries the left with `` big government '' has become so entrenched that people actually believe the left values it as an end unto itself . 
  what remains for me to figure out is whether these ideas got spread by people who actually believe them , or instead by people intent on muddying the waters of political debate and discussion . 
  today , at least , it seems as if both influences are at play . 
  it 's like guys passing each other on motorcycles . 
  yes , everyone thinks as they do . 
  the easiest way you can tell is by looking at all the people in fph who have fph-specific usernames , and at least one `` verified '' subscriber with the word `` throwaway '' right in his name . 
  there 's no greater testament to an idea being universal than the use of throwaway accounts for espousing it . 
  i think it 's interesting how people on reddit can be all up in arms about police violence and then turn around and find something like this satisfying . 
  so they have a guy in a house . 
  police can easily post themselves at exit points and just escort the guy away , but no . 
  for purely exploitative purposes , they give the guy the impression that he * might * be free to go , and then tackle him unnecessarily as if he were fleeing the scene . 
  that 's abusive on the part of the police , and it 's shameless pandering to a television audience . 
  if you take a moment to think about it , it 's actually pretty shameful , unprofessional behavior . 
  if the violence is n't necessary , it 's not justified . 
  it does n't matter what your opinion is of the criminal or the crime . 
  if you 're okay with this behavior , then you are a person who believes that unnecessary police violence is okay . 
  i wonder how many of the people who say this have actually completed a few years of college . 
  ( and i 'm not necessarily contending that you have n't . ), 
  every time i hear statements like this i ca n't help but think that the person does n't know what going to college is actually like . 
  it seems as if they imagine `` college '' to be a place where faculty and administration are all in agreement on political matters , and have the singular motive of , well , indoctrinating people . 
  it 's a pretty ignorant thing to believe as far as i 'm concerned . 
  this is where the anecdotal stuff usually comes in , so let me be clear : i 'm not saying that individual professors have never tried to push a politicised point . 
  i say `` politicised '' because when i 've seen this happen , the `` point '' being made usually is n't directly political . 
  it 's usually something factual about that person 's area of expertise that also happens to favor one political faction or another . 
  but i did n't see it frequently . 
  and when i did see it , the bias was n't always liberal . 
  of the scores of classes i took on both the undergraduate and graduate levels , i can think of maybe three where the professors were driving a political point . 
  one of them was a mandatory `` perspectives '' course that made no attempt to be neutral , although i understand why it was mandatory . 
  i thought it was bullshit going in and then i realized that you can call anything bullshit before examining the facts . 
  i actually learned something in that class . 
  the other two were , of all things , political philosophy courses . 
  one of them was taught by a self-identified socialist , and the other was taught by a conservative republican who had formerly served as a representative in my state legislature . 
  and here 's a funny little bit of disclosure : i was a conservative republican when i entered college , and by the time i finished grad school i was calling myself a `` libertarian socialist , '' or what one might generally call a liberal . 
  but indoctrination had nothing to do with it . 
  what really happened is , i found out how full of shit i was about a lot of things . 
  it 's remarkable how simple it is to draw conclusions when you know jack shit about a subject . 
  there 's a saying i picked up during that time : `` the more you learn , the less you know . '', 
  this is a wonderful statement , because it explains how counterintuitive learning can be , through a phrase that is itself counterintuitive . 
  the point is that the further you unpack a subject , the more questions you encounter and the more complex an issue becomes . 
  if college taught me anything , it 's that 1 ) people love to simplify things , and it 's easier to do this the less you know about something , and 2 ) truth is often counterintuitive and complex . 
  what i 've come to realize in time is that people who see everyone else as motivated by a political agenda of some sort , tend to be the ones with the biggest political axe to grind . 
  a few months ago i found an article online about recent saturday night live ratings . 
  most of the comments on the article fell into either of two categories : 1 ) comments that considered several factors that could affect the show 's ratings , and 2 ) comments dismissing the show as being nothing more than a mouthpiece for the democratic party . 
  it was clear to me that for people making comments in the latter category , the idea that snl producers are primarily concerned with comedy was completely foreign . 
  similarly , people who say things like `` colleges are institutions of liberal indoctrination '' somehow have a hard time with the idea that for most people , college is a place where you learn stuff you did n't know before you went there . 
  if your opinions remain the same after college as they were before , then you probably did college wrong . 
  ** tl ; dr : no , college is not that . 
  you 're making a reasoned argument , but it does n't really logically follow when other police practices are taken into account . 
  there are * many * potentially dangerous -- even deadly -- situations where standard practice is caution as opposed to preemptive violence . 
  the people caught in these stings can be seen on camera from multiple angles . 
  they 're already inside a building where exits can be easily blocked . 
  they could easily send the guy into a room where the exit is blocked , and let the police go in behind him . 
  there are * lots * of less violent ways to apprehend these people , other than telling them they 're free to go and then having multiple police officers tackle them from behind at the very moment where they think they * might * be free . 
  believe it or not , police make peaceful arrests all the time , even when the potential is high for something to go wrong . 
  that 's why they are trained to use the procedures they use . 
  typically , the police command a person to get on the ground before tackling him . 
  but there 's nothing typical here . 
  the tactics they use on this show are for the television audience , and are not required by procedure . 
  i understand that it 's hard to feel sympathy for these people , but civil rights are n't for the protection of people who are n't threatened in the first place . 
  in fact , you ca n't even know if your civil rights really exist until they protect people that * most * other people would n't feel particularly inclined to protect . 
  i hope my comment had enough text . 
  also , fwiw , i did n't downvote this or your other comment . 
    it 's remarkable how simple it is to draw conclusions when you know jack shit about a subject . 
   that is the no-wit right i was referring to . 
  it 's everybody , really . 
  the `` no-wit right '' just seems to do it when non-controversial contrary evidence is well within their grasp . 
  but we all hold uninformed opinions about things . 
   you 're getting there . 
  sir ( or ma'am ) , relative to the claim you made , i 'm already where i need to be . 
  i do n't know what your education consists of , but you made a statement about college and i 'm a person with two degrees who has attended classes at six different institutions . 
  i 've seen firsthand how bias works in these institutions , and i 'm telling you flatly that your characterization of what goes on in them is wrong . 
  indoctrination is precisely what higher education exists to counter . 
  do they sometimes fail , or succumb to the same tendencies that occur in every other human endeavor ? 
  of course . 
  no institution or individual is perfectly consistent . 
  but the idea that `` indoctrination '' is what 's happening in these places is misinformed , and i urge you to discover for yourself how so . 
    i was a conservative republican when i entered college , and by the time i finished grad school i was calling myself a `` libertarian socialist , '' or what one might generally call a liberal . 
   i do n't call myself anything at all . 
  good for you . 
  did i claim otherwise ? 
  and to clarify , i used commonly understood labels in my comment for the sake of easier communication . 
  i am not beholden to any particular ideology or label . 
  for me , truth matters first .
