  my point about friendliness is that nobody has a legitimate excuse for being hostile while you are being friendly . 
  it gives you the power to recognize that even if your opinion is incorrect , the person who 's expressing it is * wrong * if he 's belittling you . 
  i 'm not sure if i put the idea across well enough , but i hope something worked . 
  2 ) when criticized , do n't be afraid to ask questions , even if the criticism is unfriendly . 
  maintain a friendly demeanor and ask the person why he/she has that opinion . 
  anyone who continues to be hostile while you are staying friendly is really , really worthy of being dismissed . 
  if instead you 're getting a constructive answer , then you may have been given an opportunity to learn something . 
  do n't be afraid of constructive criticism . 
  some of my best learning experiences in writing , for example , came when a professor or teacher called my work bullshit . 
  and now i write for a living . 
  hope i hit the mark somewhere . 
  good luck . 
  the chance is calculated based on what actually happens , so you 're right and you 're wrong . 
  if it was less than 0.1 % in your school , it was more than 0.1 % in someone else 's . 
  that 's how i feel about my ps3 !, 
  * formative ? 
  yeah , you 'd think this would be a significant factor . 
  i guess it would depend on whether and to what degree states opting out was calculated into the original estimates . 
  i 'd think it was n't , though -- at least not to the degree states actually opted out . 
  if the states did n't accept it , then how did the federal government spend it ? 
  not necessarily disputing you , but i do n't understand how unclaimed money is `` spent . '', 
  i can see how it would be * allocated , * but that 's not the same as spending . 
  allocated money that is n't spent often * does * get spent somewhere , so if that 's what you 're saying happened , where/how was it spent ? 
  edit : i forgot to address the part where you said the states * did * get the money . 
  really ? 
  states were allowed to accept medicaid expansion dollars and not spend it on medicaid expansion ? 
  that * really * does n't sound right . 
  well , even if the aca is an aggregate win there will be individual losers , and i do n't see that the commenter was trying to prove anything . 
  i understand that people have various motives with their posts , but i think it 's only honest to accept that some people will have legitimate things to complain about wrt the aca . 
  no reason not to believe , though . 
  sure , it could be bullshit , but there 's no reason to assume it is . 
  even if the aca were an overwhelming success in the aggregate , it 's only being realistic to acknowledge that there will be individuals -- perhaps many of them -- who get a crappy deal , or who at least see it that way because the benefits gained are intangible for them until something bad happens . 
  well i certainly understand that , yes . 
  but you 're referring to face-to-face interactions , right ? 
  that does n't have to be a debilitating factor on an internet forum . 
  still confused here . 
  it was spent on what other things ? 
  aca-related things ? 
  if that 's the case , then okay . 
  then the money was spent on the aca . 
  but that would be weird , because that would mean that somewhere , * more * money was spent than was allocated . 
  and that would mean that refusal of the expansion * did * have an effect on the lower costs . 
  also , i ca n't tell what you 're referring to regarding the tax cut . 
  my bottom line here is that i do n't see how states ' refusal of the medicaid expansion did n't result in less federal spending . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible . 
  i 'm just saying that the commenter 's claim does n't make sense to me . 
  if $ x are budgeted for a state 's medicaid expansion and that state does n't take the money , how and where is that allocated money spent ? 
  it does n't make sense that the money went to the state anyway . 
  if a state could accept the money and not use it for its intended purpose , then what 's to stop any state from doing just that and using the money for its own priorities instead of medicaid expansion ? 
  it does n't make sense , and i have doubts that the commenter 's claim is accurate . 
  i do n't think that 's a particularly unusual thing , really . 
  do n't be so hard on yourself about * that . 
  * your * degree * of anxiety may be higher than average in such a situation , but trust me , few people are comfortable with doing what you just described . 
  the best way to * do * what you described , though , in my opinion , is to voice your skepticism in question form ( i.e. , * oh , wow , okay . 
  but what about . 
  . x ? , * or to say * some people might say that . 
  * it takes the pressure off of you somewhat , because you 're not staking out a position personally so much as just furthering the conversation . 
  yeah , you know . 
  whatever . 
  i played pc games for over a decade and then i bought a ps3 and liked it . 
  a pc can be 1000 % superior on some metrics and i still would n't give a crap . 
  i like not having to upgrade my hardware every year . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i have financial obligations beyond gaming , so the cost/benefit analysis of such-and-such a frame rate does n't check out for me . 
  if that makes me a peasant , then fine , i 'm a peasant . 
  what 's the word for a person who calls console gamers peasants and has n't put two kids through college ? 
  no , this does n't answer my question . 
  if the federal government `` no longer has the money , '' then who * does * have the money ? 
  ( i.e. , how was it spent ? ), 
  someone has the money . 
  is it the state ? 
  i doubt it , because what 's the point of the state having money it ca n't / wo n't spend ? 
  and why would the federal government * give * money to a state that is n't going to use the money ? 
  that 's just not how the federal government grants funds . 
  so if the states do n't have the money , the federal government did n't spend it . 
  unless the money went elsewhere , in which case my question would be , * where ? 
  we are shitting on ourselves so hard in this country . 
  the e.u. 
  already has it over the u.s. on so many counts , it 's just a matter of time before the effects become palpable to a critical mass of people here . 
  i lived in germany for over three years . 
  most americans just do n't understand that `` big government '' can in fact be put to work for you and not against you . 
  there 's a noticeable difference in quality of life between the e.u. 
  and us already . 
  there are so many things that americans have to worry about that europeans just do n't . 
  and these are usually big things . 
  imagine not having to stress over healthcare and higher education , for example . 
  well thank you . 
  this does answer my question . 
  i 've never heard of restricted accounts of this kind . 
  my understanding has been that federal money usually comes with strings attached and that the states simply do n't get it if they do n't comply with those strings . 
  ( the 55-mph speed limit and highway funds come to mind . ), 
  it just seems odd . 
  so are you saying that over the years a state can accumulate untold billions in this restricted account , and that , should it one day accept the expansion , it would suddenly have years worth of funds available ? 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  thanks for the information . 
  i learned something today . 
  i have to wonder if , when someone pointed out a flaw in something you touted , you ever countered by saying that the flaw in question was the exception to the rule . 
  verge of collapse ? 
  better get that message to the higher-ups . 
  maybe they could wish that were true as well .
