  that 's an altogether different category of unprotected speech . 
  this is nonsense , to put it politely . 
  [ marbury v. madison ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/marbury_v._madison ) established the practice of judicial review over 200 years ago and it 's been a fundamental part of our system ever since . 
  no , the constitution does n't spell it out , but there 's shit tons of stuff it did n't spell out , and we have to function as a society nonetheless . 
  nowhere in the constitution or in the federalist papers is it suggested that the president -- `` technically '' or otherwise -- is responsible to interpret the constitution . 
  we may not always agree with * how * the court does it , but you can damn well bet that the court 's interpretation of the law is every bit as valid and forceful as the plain text of the statute ( or article , or amendment ) itself . 
  and the practice , outside of the narrow context of american jurisprudence , has roots that predate the constitution by centuries . 
  not a fitting analogy . 
  one would expect `` ghetto trash , '' as you call them , to vote for a party that supports their economic interests . 
  it 's not about the supporters being `` undesirable . '', 
  it 's about people voting * against * their own interests in pursuit of cultural ideals that have little or no real connection to the party 's agenda . 
  poor and working class southerners ( or from any region , really ) have virtually nothing to gain from the republican party . 
  that 's the point . 
  actually , i never used that term . 
  but interestingly , many of the states where these people live already take more money from the federal government than they contribute in taxes . 
  they fear being `` taxed into oblivion '' while other people are already forking over for them . 
  edit :, 
  but listen : i 'm not trying to defend the democrats as a party , because i ( like many ) have problems with the way real business is done in washington . 
  both parties are in bed with big money . 
  the issue for me , though , is ideals . 
  * ostensibly * the democrats stand for people of lesser relative means . 
  it 's not about `` subsidies '' and taxes . 
  it 's about people on all levels benefiting properly from living in the richest country on earth . 
  if more of these people who yammer on about this fairy tale of `` self-sufficiency '' would see what it 's actually like living in a society that does n't see every government initiative as an encroachment by some socialist boogeyman , they 'd change their tune real quick . 
  the mainstream `` conservative '' party in germany is in many regards * left * of our democrats . 
  university is free there . 
  healthcare is free there . 
  everyone from top to bottom has at least four weeks of paid vacation . 
  larger companies have to allow 50 % worker representation on their governing board . 
  and on and on . 
  is it a paradise with nothing to complain about ? 
  but it 's an example of what a rich country can do to raise the standard for everyone , as opposed to one that tricks less educated people into voting against their own interests with disingenuous cultural appeals . 
  i can assure you that the problem here does not dwell in my ability to comprehend . 
  it really has to do with your use of the word `` interpret . '', 
  the way you 're using it here would be okay if it were understood at the outset that you mean `` have a reasonable understanding of '' or `` operate within . '', 
  but in this context it is generally understood as a function of the courts . 
  put more simply , you 're right to say that the other two branches `` interpret '' the constitution to the extent that they juxtapose their actions against it in order to avoid having so much of their work get shot down in the courts , but the buck stops with the courts . 
  in other words , the only interpretation that has force of law , ultimately , is the interpretation made by the judicial branch . 
  judges * do * make law , because it 's their job to do so . 
  whenever there is ambiguity in the plain text of the law , the judiciary clarifies the ambiguity and that clarification is as much law as the original writing . 
  the constitution that the president swears to uphold and defend is n't just a document . 
  it 's a document with a long history of judicial clarification that has the same force as the text itself , and the president is swearing to uphold that as well . 
  yes , i mean , your point is not a frivolous one . 
  the point that was made here , though , concerns the very reason we have first amendment rights in the first place . 
  you 're absolutely right to recognize that speech has consequences . 
  and american jurisprudence allows for them . 
  when the consequences are criminal , however , it is vital to our system that they only apply in cases the court has already defined as valid ( i.e. , narrowly tailored to address a compelling state interest ) . 
  when the government makes such a claim , we should not have to take it at its word , even if it argues that the matter is one of national security . 
  it should have to prove its claim . 
  otherwise it could shut up anybody it wants to for whatever reason it wants to , as long as it says it 's a matter of national security and we have no choice but to accept the argument . 
  i 'm sorry , and i 'm not trying to be rude , but you 're wrong ( about your general point , not all of the specific things you said ) . 
  or at least incomplete . 
  perhaps you misinterpreted what the justice said when you were in washington . 
  using your own example , if congress passes a law and the courts either rule it unconstitutional or interpret it in a way congress does n't like , how exactly does the buck not stop with the courts , when the only way around this situation is to start over ? 
  the law is what the courts say it is until a different law is passed . 
  and when the new law is passed , it also means what the courts say it means . 
  there 's no wiggle room here , i 'm afraid . 
  also , congress can pass all the legislation it wants to counteract `` centuries of common law interpretation '' concerning constitutional amendments and the courts will chuck every one of them out the window , because the only way to address those interpretations legislatively is through a new constitutional amendment . 
  of course , most of what happens in court is procedural , measuring each case against plain text and case law to achieve non-controversial results . 
  the courts are n't in the * business * of making law , but when a case touches on an area that requires clarification that 's exactly what they do . 
  you 're right to claim that congress was formed as a `` preeminent '' body , at least in the sense that it was meant to be the driving force of the public will . 
  it was granted key powers to that end , such as the purse , making laws ( naturally ) , declaring war , and so on . 
  but checks and balances were put into the system for a reason . 
  and you can talk all you want about how you * wish * the law worked , but in the real world , interpretation of the law to any meaningful effect falls on the judicial branch . 
  [ wyoming actually gets a negative return on its investment ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2014/03/27/which-states-take-the-most-from-the-u-s-government/ ) , so residents there can at least escape the stain of hypocrisy . 
  if you follow the link , you 'll see that `` taker '' states include florida , south carolina , north dakota , louisiana , mississippi , alabama , new mexico , indiana , kentucky , and west virginia according to that source 's analysis . 
  [ a different source ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/03/26/republican-states-most-dependent-government_n_5035877.html ) seems to have finer gradations and more specific information , and includes arizona , montana , tennessee , and several others in the list . 
  i get what you 're saying about `` conservatives and libertarians . '', 
  at various points in my life i labeled myself with one or both of these terms . 
  and i wo n't open the can of worms that invites full-on debate of the merits of the ideals such people espouse . 
  i 'll just say that i have n't met a single conservative or libertarian who , when eligible , refused the benefits that someone else 's taxes paid for . 
  they will gladly attend public schools , accept earned income credit , unemployment compensation , social security , medicare and medicaid , and on and on . 
  i get the appeal of the self-sufficiency narrative , but it does n't stand up to scrutiny in all but the rarest cases . 
  `` government '' did n't make it difficult . 
  five and a half thousand years of civilization did . 
  the eit is only available to people who pay little or no tax already , so lowering taxes would have virtually no effect on them . 
  the biggest barrier to entry for private schools is cost . 
  without public funding , a goddamn lot of people would barely get any education at all . 
  i know where this conversation goes from here . 
  i 've been down this rabbit hole before and it 's just not interesting once you reach the point where facts are irrelevant , so i 'm getting off at this stop . 
  i 'm sympathetic , though , to a degree , because i shared your opinion at one time . 
  if you 're relatively young , take some time to walk in the shoes of someone with whom you disagree for awhile . 
  spend some time in a country where this topic is n't a contentious one . 
  even if your opinion does n't change , at least you 'll have gathered some information in the process . 
  do you know this from a source other than the movie ? 
  because the * implication * in the movie is that it 's exactly as you say it was not , regardless of how little sense it makes . 
  that 's the best time . 
  then comes the stressful process of societal integration , and then the sense of entitlement , then the lying to your face and doing things they know you 'd be horrified to know about , all while using your stuff and costing more money . 
  yes , the money : their mistakes become progressively more expensive , and so do their general needs , and so eventually you arrive at middle age and you 're still looking at that shitty wallpaper you wanted to change when you bought the house at age 28 . 
  everyone has it like this , right ? 
  i 'm sure it 's the same for everyone . 
  but yeah , toddlers are the shit . 
  yeah , i think this is true generally , but it depends on what 's happening relative to the success . 
  if i 'm experiencing my own success i can be genuinely happy for that of my friends . 
  if i feel like i 'm making an effort to move forward and not getting anywhere , then a friend 's success just sort of aids in my own self-criticism , even if it should n't by some `` objective '' measure . 
  it 's not that i do n't want others to be successful . 
  it 's that i do n't want to suffer through perceived confirmations of my own inadequacy . 
  take it easy on the guy . 
  he 's probably been suppressing a load for years now and your comment was a trigger . 
  as with any artistic endeavor , there 's the stuff that appeals to the layman and the stuff that only really speaks to people inside the community .
