  for me that means i 'm a democrat , not because i believe in the party itself , but because i * do n't * believe in the caricature of the party , and because what they attempt to achieve is in line with my political ideals , which are influenced by my experience with european social democracy . 
  edit : also , thanks for your interest . 
  so the creator of btc , whom i understand to be anonymous ( or pseudonymous ) , could not have kept a lot of btc to exchange at a later date , when it would be traded at a much higher rate than the zero it traded for originally ? 
  edit : who to whom . 
  ( yeah , it matters to me . 
  * sigh * ), 
  hey , i saw the bot link to your post in / r/bitcoin and i thought i 'd offer some perspective from a guy who does n't give a crap about bitcoin 's proponents , its detractors , or even bitcoin itself ( in other words , an `` unbiased '' opinion ) , in case you find it useful . 
  i think people look askance at btc tipping -- especially in an ostensibly free exchange forum such as this one -- because it is analogous to behavior that is weird in other contexts , which suggests that there is an ulterior motive ( as opposed to mere appreciation ) for the act . 
  what i mean by that is , if you 're in a gathering of people , it 's weird to flip a quarter to the guy who made you laugh or told you something you did n't know . 
  so when people see the equivalent happening they naturally ask themselves `` why ? '', 
  and come to the reasonable ( i think ) conclusion that it 's happening because people want to promote btc and not just because they want to show appreciation . 
  i mean , yes , we have reddit gold , but that fits because we 're on reddit and gold is an integrated way of showing appreciation for a post or comment while providing support for the site on which it took place . 
  the btc tipping comes off as , like , `` hey , someone put 25 cents in your paypal account , '' which seems to make less sense than gilding or just saying thank you . 
  also , i suppose , for people with political radar , tipping money for a comment made in a more-or-less social setting seems to reinforce the politically libertarian/an-cap ideal that places monetary value on a higher level than social value ( or , alternatively , conflates the two ) , whereas in a mainstream context a smile , nod , or `` thank you '' is plenty . 
  and seriously , i have no stake in this issue . 
  no axe to grind . 
  oh , i understand that part of it . 
  i was just responding to the other commenter 's assertion that the creator can not make any money from his creation , which strikes me as , well , false . 
  well you deserve credit for being a massively agreeable and positive apostle for btc , i can tell you that !, 
  yeah , it 'd be like flunking a high school general art class . 
  you 'd have to * want * that f. 
  from the completely unscientific layman 's view , i 'd say it has something to do with the economy of words we use on average to express things in ways people find favorable vs. off-putting . 
  if i say `` yeah '' or `` me too '' or `` this , '' i 'm not contributing much . 
  a one-liner is a really favored mode for humor and so i 'd think they might represent a popular mode because most jokes are at least not offered maliciously . 
  you get into a few sentences and you 're most likely saying something without supporting it well . 
  and if you take the time to write paragraphs you 're probably passionate enough about what you 're discussing to at least gain appreciation for that . 
  also consider that people who take the time to read a comment with several paragraphs in it are probably more regular in their voting habits than people who just skim them . 
  just some thoughts . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of holes in my theory . 
  why would he put a cheese grater in his usb port . 
  interesting article , thanks . 
  my wife and i are considering retirement in germany , so this was useful to read . 
  i also shared it with my wife because she 's been * here * ( in the u.s. , and she 's german ) for over 20 years and i 'm interested to see if she agrees with it . 
  eh , you had me till that last bit . 
  i do n't wish to equate the benefits , but there are a lot of good reasons why an actual college environment is better for * any * discipline , one of the most significant being that colleges are where the disciplines * evolve * . 
  the subject matter is n't static ( no , not even history ) and the courses and programs are constantly being revised to stay current . 
  i 'll agree that for ground-level 101-type content one could gather the basics from google , but even then you 'd have to do a lot of information vetting . 
  it 's easy after taking such courses to feel as if you 've always known that stuff , but try to remember your first exposure to , say , psychology , and imagine what it would be like for a fresh student to not only find the right quality and amount of information , but to * know * that he did just that . 
  unpopular most likely not because of what it said , but because of what it did n't . 
  op was n't looking for advice . 
  i do n't subscribe to this sub , so i just find it hilarious that they had to make a * rule * to curb posts about shitting oneself . 
  people must be shitting themselves all the time . 
  funny , because i write for a living and i 've internalized the fact that people make this assumption . 
  so i 'm almost embarrassed to answer the question when asked , because i know it sounds like bullshit . 
  `` self-employed freelance writer . '', 
  and frankly , it * feels * like bullshit too , because i do n't even bother to put on pants half the time , and i go days on end without leaving the house -- pretty much what i imagine things would be like if i were unemployed . 
  i do n't deny that this happens . 
  but it does n't happen when things are done right , unless we 're talking about information that does n't require updating . 
  my comment was meant to address self-teaching via the internet vs. the benefits of a proper university education , not vs. an improper one . 
  i grant that some foundational stuff can be obtained without too much difficulty , but doing it in multiple disciplines and beyond the foundational level would require a level of discipline and effort ( not to mention money for access to current research and for * some * tutelage in writing for these disciplines ) that i would argue almost nobody has independently . 
  edit :, 
  just wanted to add that your original comment refers to `` good information , '' and that it 's also important to know that the information you 're looking at is good . 
  it 's one thing to look at stuff post-education and call it good or not good . 
  it 's quite another to have to do the digging * and * the vetting from scratch . 
  are talking points ipso facto false for being talking points ? 
  edit : autocorrect . 
  why could n't both of you be right ? 
  each person 's case is different . 
  not really . 
  getting people to plead out results in shorter sentences , but still keeps conviction rates high . 
  judges , too . 
  i ca n't fathom why anyone still thinks that electing prosecutors and judges is a good idea . 
  or at least a just one . 
  this is one way in which our system betrays our hypocrisy . 
  we have ideals of justice , rigorous defense , etc. 
  on the one hand but insist that people do nothing but grovel after conviction . 
  there 's no such thing as a successful plea of `` yes , i did something wrong and i 'm * actually * sorry for doing it , but i did n't deserve what happened to me as a result . '', 
  i think it comes in no small part from the system 's need to legitimize itself . 
  the outcomes are supposed to be just , so granting that they might not be calls the system itself into question . 
  just a thought . 
  i 'll take the latter . 
  well , i understand your point , but it 's not just that the post was off topic . 
  it did n't even attempt to give a nod to the point of the * sub * . 
  i 'm not sure if you were the guy who wrote it and i 'm not trying to be overly critical . 
  i 'm just saying that the downvotes probably had more to do with missing the point than with the opinion expressed . 
  op also did n't say he was bothered . 
  so i 'd say a better response would have been `` your answer is x , and if you do n't want to be bothered with that kind of content , you might want to consider y. '', 
  i 've had a few that bombed in a bigger way than i would have thought . 
  a week or two ago i had one go down into the high teens that i 'd meant in good fun . 
  it was in a news post about an event in sweden , in which some swedes were commenting in swedish . 
  when someone mentioned translation i made a joke involving an imitation of the swedish chef from the muppets , and whether it was offensive or just unfunny i do n't know , but i do know that it was n't well received . 
  i think momentum works in both directions , too . 
  you say this as if voting is the only way to have that capability , and it 's not . 
  there 's impeachment and other potential remedies . 
  appointments do n't have to be immutable , but they should be as far removed from politics as possible . 
  electing these officials ties them directly to politics , making them subject to popular whims at the expense of legal principles . 
  no robodick , no date . 
  i 'll let my wife know she 's pathetic , then . 
  we met when i was 18 and she was 26 . 
  married 24 years now . 
  i wish i 'd known how pathetic she was before spending half my life with her . 
  i would love to see our popular culture make fewer ass rape jokes about prison and more jokes about what will happen to you if you turn off a soap opera on tv . 
   gorilla warfare, 
  i had a feeling this was coming . 
  i think they could do this so well . 
  god , i love those guys . 
  their show has been so consistently good from its inception to present . 
  and regarding race , frankly , i think their both being biracial actually informs their humor and enhances their appeal . 
  they can not only `` do '' humor that appeals to people of both races , but can do it ironically and still come off as completely authentic . 
  i agree about the argument thing .
