  germans are all about the hazelnuts . 
  if he 'd meant his balls he 'd have told us to suck his eggs . 
  also , i 'm just kidding . 
  it was rude . 
  a simple `` suck my balls '' would have been much nicer . 
  well , i 'm actually with you on this one . 
  but , baby steps , man . 
  if we ca n't get people here to recognize that non-sexualized nudity is a thing , we 'll never get beyond where we are . 
  just to give some perspective on `` frivolous '' lawsuits :, 
  they seem frivolous , yes . 
  but in many cases they 're really not . 
  the reason seems to be that in our hugely anti-regulatory political culture ( you know : `` big government '' and how-dare-the-government-tell-me-blah-blah-blah ) , we do n't have enough rules put in place up front to prevent certain things from happening . 
  i see there are others in this thread who see things the other way , but the problem is that they are speaking to the way they believe things * should * be and not the way they really are . 
  it 's great that they recognize dangers ahead of time , but many people will make the dangerous assumption that if x or y is available for use , it must be safe . 
  and courts have largely supported this view . 
  to build equity for future financial security when proper pensions are scarce and social security is inadequate . 
  i 'm referring to scotus . 
  1 ) the question said `` want , '' not `` need . '', 
  2 ) you 're describing universal principles based on your particular wants and needs . 
  some people do n't want to move around a lot . 
  some people do n't want to flip houses . 
  some people want to buy a home , live in it , sell it at retirement , and then downsize . 
  3 ) every market is different , but generally the `` cost of borrowing money '' is mitigated by increasing property values over time . 
  it 's great you were able to do what you did , but many people ca n't . 
  also , while you were paying rent and saving for a home , the value of your current property was likely increasing . 
  so , while a person with a mortgage was paying for the loan ( through interest ) and chasing a higher contribution toward principal ( due to amortization ) , you were paying for the privilege of flexibility ( by renting ) and chasing increasing property values while saving . 
  it 's entirely possible that what you did was sensible in your market . 
  but there are places where such a strategy would be foolish . 
  it 's like any investment . 
  it comes with risk and it pays to do your homework . 
  by and large , though , property values can be expected to increase over the long term . 
  the housing market collapse was an anomaly . 
  it also hurt irresponsible consumers and people seeking short-term gains more than others . 
  i think the two things that make iraq incomparable to vietnam are a ) 50,000 dead and b ) the draft . 
  then fairy tales are paying my 68-year-old mother 's bills right now , i guess . 
  it was n't because of mortgages . 
  it was because of a ) loose credit that gave lenders an incentive to grant loans to people who could n't afford them and b ) the bundling of these `` toxic '' loans into securities that were misrepresented as low-risk investments . 
  when people began defaulting on their mortgages , the investment world suddenly found out that their mortgage-backed securities were piles of dogshit . 
  this is a simplification . 
  but the point is , it was n't mortgages . 
  it was poor regulation of the financial sector and irresponsible lending and borrowing . 
  i 'm not sure where you get your idea of why the `` vast majority '' of americans buy their homes . 
  i know many homeowners , and none of them bought their home as a `` monetary '' investment . 
  more commonly , what i see are families who plan to live in one place until retirement , who want something to show for their housing expenditures when they reach that point . 
  two things you left out of your analysis are 1 ) the person buying that $ 85k home has the benefit of * owning that home * while it 's being paid for . 
  he can restructure the loan , use equity to pay for things that would otherwise have to be financed with less favorable terms , and so on , and 2 ) that home that is now worth $ 250 + k is his . 
  would he have so much if he 'd rented and saved instead ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  but the truth is that a mortgage is often not much more than what the cost of rent would be for a similar space , so it would be challenging for most people indeed to rent a comparable space for 30 years and still be able to save so much cash . 
  read through this again and realize what you meant with `` state . '', 
  my point still stands , though . 
  and frankly , your point really undermines the case for natural rights . 
  first , the courts have made rulings against `` the state '' on numerous occasions . 
  take all of the cases where this is true and still not one of them did so on the basis of natural rights . 
  if your argument had merit then you would n't find rulings that undermine state authority in the first place . 
  second , if natural rights exist in reality , where and how can they be enforced ? 
  why was the 13th amendment necessary ? 
  why was brown v. board of education necessary ? 
  ( or rather , why were n't natural rights invoked in the ruling ? ), 
  if your natural rights were violated and you overthrew the state and replaced it with something else , would you codify natural rights in your founding document ? 
  if not , then how would a citizen in your new society assert his or her `` natural '' rights ? 
  * her * her, 
  well , it was worth a try , was n't it ? 
  i 'm afraid it 'll be a long time before this line of reasoning gets any traction here in the u.s. fifteen years is just a number to anyone who 's never been involuntarily confined for so much as a week . 
  do n't even bother asking what 15 years of confinement is supposed to accomplish . 
  here , `` wrong as fuck '' is all something needs to be to justify just about any remedy . 
  welcome to the land of endless schadenfreude boners . 
  offer advice aimed at frustrating people 's morbid sexual curiosity ( advice that was taken , no less ) and * you 're * the one with a fedora . 
  i think i 'm starting to understand the rules now . 
  well on these points i agree . 
  i suppose i just took issue with your plain statement that `` mortgages '' are what drove our economy into the dirt . 
  there 's nothing wrong with mortgages . 
  there 's nothing wrong with debt . 
  but i 'll agree that the debt culture here is unhealthy . 
  my own sister treated her equity like a piggy bank for a number of years and it 's finally caught up with her . 
  it seems likely that she 'll have to sell her home ( where she makes her living ) and start from scratch at age 40 . 
  and we have a related problem in the form of a political culture that thinks of government regulation as a boogeyman . 
  there 's a strong constituency in this country that would rather see government out of the picture ( as long as * they 're * not the ones hurt by this ) than harness government resources for the greater good . 
  i wish i could be more optimistic , but it just does n't look too good from where i sit . 
  a big part of the problem , as i see it , is that we only pretend to be `` united . '', 
  as is the case with the stock market , for example . 
  i did n't say that the same logic works for everyone at all times . 
  but in the aggregate it 's a trustworthy model that should n't be dismissed as inherently faulty because of its periodic and/or localized failures . 
  i 'm not talking about real estate as an investment `` scheme '' so much as home ownership as a means to building equity in the long term . 
   the scotus justices are statists , appointed by a statist . 
   private courts . 
   the very premise of public schools violates natural rights . 
   i would n't replace it with anything else . 
  that would just be creating another state . 
  i should have seen this coming . 
  this is where my train stops . 
  i would say the niceness of the comment depends on the margin of error . 
  you 're right : things change . 
  and it 'll take some time for the pendulum to swing back a little . 
  i do n't know if the effect is exaggerated in the u.s. , but one thing i realize about our culture is that those of us who value staying on the cutting edge ( or at least not getting too far behind the curve ) tend to beat stuff to death until the extraordinary is ordinary , and then move on . 
  think about low fat , no fat , then low carb , no carb , now gluten , and on and on . 
  sam adams boston lager is a * fantastic * beer in my opinion . 
  yes , i know you can find more `` interesting '' beers as well as smaller , more innovative and flexible breweries that can better keep the novelty alive . 
  but `` interesting '' and `` different '' do n't necessarily translate into `` better . '', 
  i 've always been impressed by the fullness , richness , and balance of sabl , especially as compared to other lagers .
