  well then i 'm glad we agree on that point . 
  because i thought when you said this :, 
   violating the constitution is n't a high crime ? 
  you were arguing the opposite . 
  there is a strong cultural underpinning to this that is difficult for some people to relate to . 
  i have the `` benefit , '' if you want to call it that , of having spent a considerable amount of time on both sides of our biggest cultural divide , and so i 'm at least tangentially connected to ideas that either side sees as extreme when practiced by the other . 
  my dad was a lifetime nra member , and while he was n't what i 'd call paranoid about people losing their guns , he was absolutely sympathetic with people who were . 
  it 's a cultural thread that i think is losing its moral ground as we 're in the midst of what can only be regarded as a fundamental reordering of society , but it 's a strong one , and its roots go deeper even than the birth of the country . 
  maybe a little snark , but no sarcasm . 
  i really did think that . 
  right . 
  it 's not about a few deaths . 
  it 's about a massively destabilized middle east , and it 's about the risk both to western economic interests and its security that is posed by an autocratic movement that could gain momentum and result in a circumstance with the potential to be even worse than taliban control over afghanistan . 
  i can understand where the misunderstanding could come from , so i want to make clear that i do n't wish to argue that it 's proper or ideal for military power to be exercised at the sole discretion of the chief executive . 
  i am arguing , however , that the legal situation on the matter is n't fully spelled out in the constitution and has n't been clearly delineated in the courts . 
  to answer the question you thought you were asking me , though , the difference between the two circumstances is that congress has unambiguous authority over funding for the military . 
  they could choke off any military endeavor for which funds have not yet already been approved . 
  i do n't know of any military dictators who had to work under such constraints . 
  also , although it may seem a minor point , the president is n't the highest ranked officer . 
  he is in command , but he is a civilian . 
  this is another distinction that may not seem like a difference , but it has deep implications when the important concept of political legitimacy is taken into account . 
  thanks for articulating both of our points so well . 
  i also agree with you . 
  it 's just that , as you 've said , the actual legality of the issue is difficult to hammer down . 
  was the case dismissed or did the court simply refuse to grant cert ? 
  if the latter , then the case still holds mandatory precedent in its jurisdiction and can be used persuasively to argue cases in other jurisdictions . 
  how you got past hillary clinton we 'll never know . 
  ah , the ol' reddit [ jewelyboobaloo ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2griq5/what_did_live_up_to_its_hype/ckm4tyr?context=2 ) . 
  so what you 're saying is , there 's something about sf that keeps human reproductive rates low . 
  they should do a study . 
  i think it 's important that we continue this debate . 
  i mean , it 's time we as a society adopt a firm stance -- for the sake of posterity if nothing else -- on the divisive issue of whether it 's pedophiles , or potentially diseased hypodermic needles scattered randomly where kids congregate , that are worse for our children . 
  we 've been on the fence long enough i think . 
  see , this is the kind of science we need to tackle this question . 
  i was inclined toward something involving alienated ova , but simple economics will win the day every time if you give it a chance . 
  dance, 
  i feel like i 'm taking a huge risk asking this question here because it 's so easy for a devil 's - advocate comment to be seen as some kind of advocacy . 
  so i 'll state this upfront : * i do not wish to defend people who have sex with dogs or other animals by asking this question . 
  thank you . 
  now , my question is , how is this different from all the sexual stuff we do with animals for business purposes ? 
  do n't people beat off horses and bulls and stuff to sell the semen or artificially inseminate another animal , and god knows what else ? 
  i may be missing some important piece in the equation , but i could see the argument reasonably being made that , for example , beating off a bull is perfectly fine if you do it dispassionately in the course of business , but if you do it recreationally you 're the lowest of the low . 
  i guess there 's something going on here that 's analogous to the prostitution issue , i.e. , you can give sex away for free , you can accept money for it if you 're doing it on camera for the entertainment of others , but if you exchange it for money in a private transaction you 're a dirty whore who gets thrown in jail . 
  again , just stirring the pot here . 
  i have never leered at anything on four legs . 
  i wish my grocery store had nappies . 
  i get exhausted when i shop . 
  this is a good response . 
  thank you . 
  your point about size and the potential for physical harm is absolutely correct as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's just that i wrote my question without considering that as a factor ( that is , as if it were n't ) , so that 's that i guess . 
  the part about intent , though , is precisely what i 'm raising the question for . 
  i think the analogy you made is n't a complete fit . 
  yes , intent matters , but only where it bears on culpability . 
  if someone dies because i drove recklessly , my situation wo n't call for the same level of condemnation as my running someone down on purpose would . 
  this hinges on whether the actions i took had that person 's death as an intended outcome . 
  now , whether someone commits an act dispassionately or for sexual gratification , while it does speak to state of mind , does n't point to a difference in culpability ( at least in common sense we see such things ) . 
  it really is the same intent , just with a different sense of reward for the perpetrator . 
  and i think that 's what i was getting at with my question . 
  i have the sense that we are inclined to frown upon or punish people for the sexual gratification rather than for the act they committed . 
  i appreciate your comment , though . 
  or the ones who speed up while you attempt to pass . 
  how about '' [ keep fuckin ' that chicken . 
  ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=x7xbukdogmm ) '', 
  `` okay , i 'll do that . '', 
  wow , someone owns on of those purplesque honda fits besides me . 
  to be fair , any amount of rand is too much . 
  `` what you do unto the least of these , you do unto me . '', 
   and yet your religion demands that my gay friends be stoned to death if caught having sex . 
  you mean like the old testament does ? 
  oh , i agree . 
  and i do , which is why i felt qualified to make that comment . 
  trying to plow through atlas shrugged is an exercise in masochism regardless of one 's politics . 
  yes , but that 's because it is limited by case law at the supreme court level . 
  the supreme court already reviewed laws limiting political speech and struck them down , so the issue has to be addressed through an amendment . 
  it 's the same thing in practice , though , which is part of the problem . 
  people are n't * that * stupid . 
  if you have a persuasive raise-the-minimum-wage information campaign , do you think the people persuaded will vote republican ? 
  issues and candidates in a two-party system are pretty solidly linked . 
  this is good news . 
  i 'm not a libertarian ( though i did call myself one for a few years ) , and it 's hard to find common ground in a discussion sometimes . 
  maybe if the starting point were `` atlas shrugged is a horrible book '' we could move forward in our political discourse . 
  thanks , brother !, 
  wow , a nearly identical thing happened to us . 
  my wife and i went away for a week ( on a cruise , so we did n't have contact with anyone during that time ) and our daughter ( an adult ) stayed at the house and took care of the cats while we were away . 
  our one cat was 18 years old and clearly at the end of his life . 
  we had a vet come to the house and he said that the kinds of tests they 'd have to run to deal with his various problems would be more traumatic than living out the rest of his days as normal , and that any treatment would not likely prolong his life much , so we decided not to have the tests done . 
  well , while we were away that week , his health went downhill . 
  he walked to a creek at the end of our road at one point -- something he 'd never done before -- and some people think he went there to die . 
  apparently it 's not unusual for cats to go off by themselves when they sense the time is near ( or so i hear ) . 
  anyway , a neighbor saw him down there and instead of checking around to see who he belonged to , she picked him up and took him to the vet and had a bunch of tests done . 
  when my daughter found out what happened she demanded the cat be returned and the neighbor complied . 
  no one asked for reimbursement for the vet bill , but if they had i would absolutely not have complied . 
  in my opinion you went too far to accommodate that neighbor . 
  the cat died the same morning we arrived home , by the way . 
  it 's amazing , too , how the influence occurs unconsciously . 
  we named our daughter jessica in 1992 with no conscious knowledge of its wider popularity . 
  this should be one of the quotes inside the jacket of the next edition . 
  you 're so right . 
  i live in pa and many times i 've wailed in lamentation over this very thing .
