  well i feel like an idiot . 
  what am i missing ? 
  were they just not part of the confederacy ? 
  i had been looking at a map that did n't include them in it . 
  edit : [ apparently , md voted to remain in the union , but they were a slave state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maryland_in_the_american_civil_war ) . 
  when marylanders enlisted in the war , 2/3 enlisted in the union and 1/3 enlisted in the confederacy . 
  here 's the thing . 
  i do n't have to decide anything . 
  sowell has his story , and i 'm sure others have one like it . 
  many , many people -- an overwhelming majority , in fact -- have a different story . 
  the question is , why do you choose to embrace the story that is not representative of the situation ? 
  it 's like learning about the history of nazi germany by studying / r/awwschwitz . 
  yeah , great , sowell overcame stiff odds . 
  i 'm really glad for him . 
  some nazis loved puppies . 
  that does n't make puppy love the hallmark of nazi philosophy . 
  some people are stuck where they are due to a confluence of factors that are beyond their control . 
  some of them overcome this , but most do not ( hence the meaning of `` overcoming the odds '' ) . 
  people are rightly inspired by the exceptions -- but they are , still , exceptions . 
  i actually made no such statement . 
  i said that both are examples of embracing an exception to prove a rule . 
  so , you want an argument ? 
  i 'll happily give you one . 
  if you would like me to return with information demonstrating that most impoverished people do not achieve middle and upper class socioeconomic status , i will do so , as long as you commit to conceding the point when i do . 
  `` emotion '' has nothing to do with what i 've been telling you in my comments , by the way . 
  and what is * your * point exactly ? 
  i 've seen you use a single person 's example to support a point that you 've barely articulated . 
  are you saying that all impoverished people have to do is follow sowell 's plan , and they , too , can become professors of economics ? 
  are you saying that poor people * want * to be poor ? 
  are you saying that there is something innately wrong with people who fail to improve their socioeconomic status ? 
  if so , then why are n't * you * better off than you are ? 
  what failure of * yours * has allowed other people your age to achieve more than you ? 
  you were arguing a different point than the direction this exchange took . 
  but your point inevitably leads here . 
  you said :, 
   if your only option is minimum wage , then your immediate priorities should be developing some kind of skill and going somewhere that skill is needed . 
  until they do that , they are in a state of emergency and who they vote for is going to have very little effect on that . 
  an implicit assumption of this statement is that these * are n't * the priorities of people generally who work for minimum wage . 
  ( i.e. , they want to be poor , or they are innately incapable of improving their situation ) . 
  and voting plays a * huge * role in the matter . 
  given the high priority you place on developing new skills , i suppose you 'd support increasing access to such things as pell grants . 
  i do hope so . 
  and i hope you understand that voting for people who would do this through legislation is pretty fundamental toward making it happen . 
  well , then , here we have some common ground . 
  i actually agree 95 % with your points on education . 
  i just would n't say `` too much education . '', 
  i would say `` a poorly constructed education system . '', 
  i just do n't think there could ever be `` too much . '', 
  my wife was born and raised in germany , so i know how the system works and i think we would benefit a great deal from something like it . 
  we should probably quit while we 're ahead . 
  i do n't blame you . 
  the lizards are running the show , and if i could marry one , i would . 
  this only raises more questions . 
  were any statements made by democrats that were false rated as true ? 
  any true statements made by republicans that were rated false , and so on ? 
  is there a control group ? 
  how are statements chosen for rating ? 
  to what extent is the unbalanced outcome a product of unbalanced truth telling among the parties who 've had their statements rated ? 
  in other words , this information documents an unbalanced outcome , but it does n't account for it . 
  political bias is but one possibility . 
  but we 're expected to accept as a given that an unbalanced outcome is ipso facto an indication of political bias , and that does n't wash . 
  maybe the original study can shed some light on these questions . 
  the article did n't . 
  the study also analyzed * 100 * ratings from a rather short time span , and that strikes me as too narrow a sample to establish what is being claimed here . 
  `` at this point in america , '' yes . 
  it 's done in error , as just about anyone who is n't from here can attest . 
  he 's made statements like this , but he always qualifies them . 
  he 's clear about being a `` social democrat '' in the european/scandinavian sense . 
  i think they need to be interpreted not as an enterprise with singular characteristics , but rather rating for rating . 
  just look at the statement itself and what it attempted to communicate , and evaluate the support they have for their rating of the statement . 
  it seems clear that some people are n't persuaded by `` politifact says , '' so maybe people should just argue using politifact 's research instead , without invoking them as an entity . 
  i suppose the media owns some of it , but i think it 's more a byproduct of america 's cold war sensibility that tosses everything with the word `` social '' in it into the same pot . 
  i was pretty dumb until 1973 . 
  then i hit a plateau until about 1995 . 
  makes me wonder how long it 'll be before christmas tree candles come back because `` they never hurt anybody . '', 
  why ca n't you wear two sets of pajamas ? 
  he means back in the oughts , when times were innocent . 
  til asbestos is * mined . 
  * i 'd always assumed it was a man-made substance , but then again i was never curious enough to find out . 
  i knew that it was cancerous and that i 'd never want any , and that was good enough for me . 
  well , especially if you have n't showered . 
  i think they 'll discover a way to * un - * febreeze everything , so archeologists can * study * our farts . 
  now i understand why their beds were burning . 
  cool , thanks . 
  i only know , i would n't bother trying to burn it . 
  you fuckers , seriously . 
  dude , i can put up with the idea that my country 's so-called democracy is a sham , but the misrepresentation of one 's rabbit ownership ? 
  dude , there is no higher crime . 
  fuck * anyone * who does that shit . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if you go east of arabic people , you 'll find the biggest population outside of the middle . 
  it was n't me , haha . 
  i was making a joke . 
  yeah , that 's fine . 
  i also did n't claim otherwise . 
  life where i live is nevertheless `` quite different '' from life in and around philly . 
  as i said in my original comment , you can cherry-pick environments from one end of the country to the other that are unremarkable and similar if you want to . 
  i mean if you really want to hack analogies to bits you can say that many parts of many cities across the * world * are indistinguishable from one another . 
  hell , half the time you see `` new york '' in a movie , you 're really looking at toronto . 
  but this is n't the point i 'm really trying to make .
