  maybe it 's a chinese knockoff . 
  an official state bird . 
  i thought i was listening to jerry stiller . 
  i love how these guys are always on about `` following the constitution , '' but when the result of doing so is something they do n't like , it 's somehow an act of abuse . 
  i think it would be great to have at the ready a couple of right-wing darling decisions that were rooted in expansive commerce clause interpretation , just to ask them which way they want to have it when these things come up . 
  if egypt were in africa , it would n't be full of egyptians . 
  it would be full of african-americans . 
  `` certified pre-owned '' is a thing , though . 
  they 're used , yeah , but they come with a warranty . 
  `` used '' could mean from a craigslist ad . 
  so i generally use `` pre-owned '' when i 'm talking about buying from a dealer , and `` used '' when i 'm referring to a private sale . 
  i do n't know how much time you spend browsing and participating in discussions of this topic outside of this sub , but i 've encountered an alarming number of people who -- unlike the commenter above , who at least phrased his misunderstanding in the form of a question -- * insist * that the nazi party was a left-wing party , and wo n't accept one bit of evidence to the contrary ( even though hardly any is required ) . 
  it makes me wonder if any of it is attributable to deliberate efforts to misinform . 
  the first time i encountered it was on reddit , and i found it so bizarre i assumed it was an outlier . 
  but then i began seeing it over and over . 
  i 'm curious to know if you have any insight on the origin of this ( outside of simple confusion over the `` socialist '' reference ) . 
  only at that level of reduction , though . 
  the glaring moral difference between the two is that one sees humans as having intrinsic value and the other not only fails to do so , but actively encourages a sort of callousness that pushes back against civilization 's moral achievements . 
  instead of an adam smith-like framework whereby our selfish nature is harnessed and tempered for common good , rand holds up selfishness as a virtue unto itself , common good be damned . 
  in many ways it 's a close cousin to nazism . 
  just replace `` race '' with `` business acumen '' or ( perceived ) `` intelligence '' and you 're pretty damn close already . 
  i posted a clip of that to / r/cringe and it hit # 2 before getting removed for `` not being cringeworthy . '', 
  i did n't get that at all , because unlike 75 % of what gets posted in that sub , the entire scene of her leaving the jail and taking the stage made me physically cringe . 
  it was awful . 
  funny too , yes , but just awful . 
  i rather enjoyed watching this stupidity from the sidelines instead of being part of it for once . 
  some of the exchanges here are so breathtakingly dumb . 
  and none is complete , of course , without invoking a logical fallacy . 
  i ca n't believe how many times you 've had to explain your point here . 
  are you in the u.s. ? 
  because in the u.s. , debt most certainly does carry over . 
  there are different classifications of it , and the lowest priority often does get screwed , but debts have to be paid by the estate upon death . 
  edit : downvotes notwithstanding , i 'm correct . 
  debt is classified into categories such as secured , unsecured , and so on . 
  secured debts have priority . 
  if you transferred large assets within five years of dying , some creditors can take those assets from the recipient of those assets . 
  it is simply incorrect to say that `` debt does n't carry over . '', 
  if you still owe on the property , the debt does n't go away after you sell it for $ 1 . 
  you just owe a lot of money for a house you gave away . 
  actually , some entities can , if property has been transferred within five years preceding the death . 
  edit : i also did n't say anything about the scenario you described . 
  in the scenario described above , you have unsecured credit card debt . 
  the credit card companies can absolutely make a claim on that debt against the estate upon death , and as long as there 's no secured debt in the way , they 'll have to be paid from the estate . 
  moreover , if grandma had $ 50,000 worth of assets to give away , but she built up $ 100,000 of credit card debt before death , then guess who 's not getting an inheritance . 
  this would depend entirely on whether the islamic state was part of a federal system . 
  if not , then it would be a sovereign entity unto itself and the competitors would be on equal footing . 
  otherwise , the nation of islam would have the clear advantage . 
  facts have to * learn * racism , like everyone else . 
  ugh , please do n't judge me by the content of my iphone . 
  corn country sounds okay to me . 
  you have no idea what kind of peril his screen was in . 
   falling from the sky . 
  you mean streaming out of the plastic surgeon 's office , right ? 
  i think you might want to take another look , particularly at europe . 
  your `` vast majority '' claim seems to hold up for the u.s. , mexico , and south korea , but not for europe . 
  this is really soaring language for a cause that , generously , about one tenth of one percent of the population likely knows about . 
  this belongs in the wiki entry for `` quixotic . '', 
  i think this is true of any author who is trying to push a point as opposed to providing a window to some of the complexities , contradictions , and other features of genuine human experience . 
  it 's shallow . 
  and i found it painful to read . 
  or a lot easier , depending on how it happens . 
  i was thinking in terms of effort . 
  it 's important to note -- and i apologize to the extent that this may be repeated elsewhere -- that federal money does not fund abortions at planned parenthood . 
  federal money helps fund other services through medicaid and title x , but not the abortion services . 
  that 's already against the law . 
  and abortion services are something like 3 % of the services planned parenthood provides . 
  edit : added medicaid and title x language to clarify . 
  the money does n't come in the form of block grants , though . 
  it comes through programs such as medicaid and title x , which administer funds on a service-specific basis . 
  it does n't work as he describes , though . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  they receive government funds according to services rendered , and abortions receive no federal funding . 
  removing federal funding from planned parenthood will have absolutely no effect on abortions . 
  it would , however , choke the other services they offer , which , ironically , could easily lead to more unwanted pregnancies and therefore more abortions . 
  the answer you 're looking for , explained elsewhere in this thread as well , is that the funding for planned parenthood does n't come in the form of block grants that cover general expenses . 
  if someone goes for , say , prenatal care that is funded through medicaid , then that care is funded through the federal medicaid program . 
  they do n't receive `` general '' funds through which to run their operation . 
  and abortion procedures are not funded with federal money . 
  `` de-funding planned parenthood '' means not paying for services that prevent unwanted pregnancies . 
  it means , ironically , the likelihood of more abortions . 
  quoting from another comment where someone made the same suggestion :, 
   with more evidence , yes . 
  but when you 're publishing the very first research about something like water on mars , you do it in a journal that is most relevant to the finding because it 's still your `` first claim , '' especially when it comes to something like interplanetary geology . 
  that remains to be seen , does n't it ? 
  they could also become an abortion-only enterprise i suppose . 
  it only sounds like that to someone who is sympathetic to the goals the legislature is * tying * to this budget . 
  of course , that 's how these showdowns are by design . 
  republicans say what you said . 
  democrats say that the legislature should send up a bill that is n't something the governor already said he 'd veto . 
  each side just hopes the other will lose the political war . 
  from a consumer standpoint , the current system is ridiculous . 
  yeah , now it 's just too much of a cash cow for the state to let it go . 
  it pretty much sucks for us as consumers . 
  i get pretty pissed when i 'm in another state and it 's , like , normal . 
  it just seems ridiculous that the state ca n't find a rational way to loosen it up without losing its money . 
  i think it has just as much to do with predictable revenues . 
  i mean , they * could * reform the system and make the use of union labor mandatory . 
  they could do anything , really . 
  but they 're making a lot of money on liquor . 
  well , i pay them gladly in other states , if that 's what you 're referring to as jacked-up prices .
