  it made me realize that half the submissions were probably fake , or easily could have been , at least . 
  how hard is it to fake a screenshot from a phone ? 
  and then there 's the army of imbeciles that will defend something indefensible to the death . 
  nope , no thanks . 
  looks like you 've recovered well . 
  it was looking bad for a while . 
  i think it was zbigniew brzezinski . 
  i have prisms around my bed because otherwise i wo n't get out of it . 
  a micropenis ca n't even fill a prescription , duh . 
  well , kind of . 
  american law used english law as a foundation and went forward in a somewhat different direction from there . 
  it 's not as if we reinvented the wheel . 
  because everyone knows his mother is / u/girl-fart ? 
  if there 's a hair to be split , reddit will split it . 
  you meant well , but made a statement that is factually incorrect and paid the price in karma . 
  then there 's the whole momentum thing . 
  i mean , we * are * animals , so there you go . 
  no surprises . 
  not saying it 's the right answer , but if i understand you correctly , you 're saying that it was a choice between that or homelessness for the mother . 
  i do n't have a point to argue other than to say that dire circumstances can lead to bitter pills . 
  i 'd love to see the enforcement effort on * that . 
  then again , there are some pretty good stories to go along with the bad . 
  people have had lost pets and stolen cars recovered , have been reunited with missing people , etc. 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  oh , plenty of people have mentioned it . 
  take another look . 
  yeah , i was confused until i got to this point . 
  dude , is there * any * situation for which there 's no relevant xkcd ? 
  i do n't even browse them . 
  but i 'll be damned if there is n't a link to one in every thread . 
  former christian here . 
  the relationship christians have with cursing is a funny one . 
  most will avoid cursing of any sort , even though there 's no solid scriptural basis for doing so . 
  but the ones who are liberal about cursing generally will still avoid the ones that mention god or jesus , which i suppose i understand , even though the scriptural basis for that is sketchy and the logic ( whatever it is ) is inconsistently applied . 
  anyway , even after leaving the faith it took me a few years to develop an indifference toward the phrase `` jesus fucking christ , '' but today i am fully comfortable with it . 
  i 'm sure you 're proud of me . 
  awesome . 
  yours is the fifth life saved by this post . 
  i wish you luck !, 
  edit : or seventh , apparently . 
  next post , we 're gon na fix * all * the problems . 
  time for / r/damnthatsmildlyinteresting ? 
  thank you , fluffyballsonmyface !, 
  ha , cool !, 
  glad it was helpful . 
  good lord , i think i 'm gon na get into heaven now . 
  other comments in this thread seem to suggest that the more visible lines occur with a `` sticker '' that fits on a normal lens , and that lenses with the prisms embedded are less obvious . 
  i could be wrong , but that 's what i got out of it . 
  they cure the laziness . 
   you could literally eat your own excrement without getting sick, 
  finally got the green light from an expert . 
  thanks . 
  seriously , though , fecal transplants ? 
  honest question : why would this ever be a good thing to do ? 
  i 'm a layman , and so i imagine the procedure is more subtle than what the words alone suggest to me . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  i 'm always aware of the potential dangers intellectually , but i suppose because i 've never had a problem or had anyone close to me experience one , i 've never developed a sense of urgency about it . 
  i 'll leave a sandwich out overnight and eat it the next day without a second thought . 
  could be that i 've picked up some lax habits from my wife 's side , which was nurtured in northern germany , where this is less of a concern than in the mid-atlantic, 
  thanks for this !, 
  i figured it was probably more about the bacteria than the feces , but i could n't think of a reason why it might be necessary . 
  it sounds like poop 's version of a bone marrow transplant . 
  thank you for adding poetry to the description . 
  think about it : in the broad context of human history , we have learned to ridicule the people who tried to cure sickness by letting it out via the blood , because our knowledge has taught us that sometimes to get healthy you have to take poop from another person and put it up your own butt . 
  why would somebody derive satisfaction from something like that ? 
  who would do that ? 
  why is it that when people criticize the u.s. , other people think that it brings them pleasure to do so ? 
  people do n't point these errors and flaws out because they find these things `` satisfying . '', 
  they do so because they want the u.s. to actually be the country it pretends to be . 
  i 'll grant your second point for now , even though i believe my response would still fit in either case , at least in some ways . 
  as to your first point , the answer is simple : when news happens it is distilled by writers and editors from among all the world 's other events , and viewed by the public , for identifiable reasons . 
  in my view it is unlikely that such a story would get such attention were it * not * for the fact that the u.s. has been criticized for creating similar `` collateral damage . '', 
  whether the story is getting attention because people want to say * see , the u.s. is n't the only bad guy * or whether some other point is being made is n't perfectly clear . 
  but it * is * clear that related u.s. behavior is relevant . 
  imagine if news came out that a whistleblower has fled lichtenstein and revealed secrets about state surveillance , and someone brings up snowden . 
  your question is analogous in this case to someone asking * why are you bringing up snowden in a news thread about lichtenstein ? 
  * because it 's relevant , that 's why . 
  because the news is probably even more newsworthy than otherwise in this context . 
  edit : punctuation . 
  this is how i replaced my playstation move controller . 
  saved a lot of money . 
  this was a very kind thing for you to say . 
  andy rooney in his book * my war * has said that he did n't care much for germans as a people . 
  i 'm paraphrasing from memory , so there is probably some nuance i 'm missing , but the point he made was clear : he had animosity toward germans . 
  yeah , i did n't even look at that part critically because i was n't about to get in a semantics battle . 
  looking over the whole thing again , my comment applies perfectly well to what he said . 
  yeah , i think dishwashers only truly pay off when you have a lot of people in the household or are entertaining guests . 
  my wife and i have one and we never use it . 
  it would take more or an equal amount of time to use it than washing by hand does . 
  my wife is german . 
  my fil is a 72-year-old german in the northern part of the country . 
  he 's constantly lamenting the fact that it 's not `` correct '' to declare one 's pride in being a german . 
  there are lots of situations like that in different societies . 
  everyone wants to pigeonhole everyone else . 
  because doing so would be retarded ? 
  it 's about context , and i think you know that . 
  i suspect you 're trolling at this point and i 'm not going down that road . 
  okay , fair enough . 
  i can understand why something like what you described might bother someone . 
  but there are two issues i see presenting themselves here :,
