  it could just be the potential scrutiny . 
  the data on recidivism is murky , too . 
  there are numerous factors involved in determining rates of reoffense . 
  in the public eye , `` pedophile '' and `` sex offender '' are synonymous , and that 's a problem , first of all . 
  then there 's the question of whether we 're talking about * actual * reoffending versus `` returning to prison . '', 
  the latter is sometimes used for calculating rates , and it could reflect a comparatively benign parole violation as opposed to an actual offense . 
  i have n't seen the numbers in a while , but iirc the `` high rate of reoffending '' only applies to a small subset of sex offenders , and i would guess these to be the bona fide pedophiles who have the same problems that other empathy-lacking criminals have . 
  the broader category of sex offenders actually ranks among the lowest for recidivism , for various reasons . 
  i think the public 's conflation of `` sex offending '' with the worst images and stories we 've heard is a real problem . 
  people look at the behaviors of a small sample and project them onto a wider group . 
  education and proper terminology is important , especially when it comes to such an emotionally charged topic . 
  there are pedophiles , there are other `` philes , '' and there are people who for one reason or another have committed sex offenses without being any kind of `` phile . '', 
  in the same way that committing one homosexual act does n't necessarily make one a homosexual , there are people who have committed sex crimes who are n't necessarily attracted to underage people exclusively , or even `` specifically . '', 
  getting this right first would go a long way toward actually dealing with the problem as opposed to witch hunting . 
  i do n't disagree with what you 're saying , but i think that 's why they 're asking the questions . 
  they ask if a commonsense layman 's conclusion is reasonable to make . 
  the answer can still be `` no . '', 
  wow , my first reddit maori !, 
  just curious : you say `` we , '' in such a way that could be taken either for cultural identity or actual participation . 
  did you personally take part in this activity or is it just something you know about your heritage ? 
  if the latter , then i 'm also curious to know how far removed you are personally from the traditional maori way of life , if you 'll excuse any part of this that is in one way or another ignorant . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  thanks for the reply and the additional information . 
  i 'm happy to hear that you 're doing what you can to preserve your culture . 
  i 'm a white american , so i ca n't fully relate to your experience . 
  everything we ( people , generally ) grow up with feels in some way like `` our own . '', 
  and it is our own , really . 
  you just find that different people have different ideas about it , i guess . 
  i met a guy in london once who was of indian descent , but was culturally fully english . 
  i felt like such an idiot when i talked to him because i kept asking him questions that referenced his `` indian '' identity , and he kept having to remind me that he has literally no indian identity to speak of . 
  i * knew * better . 
  it just did n't sink in properly at first . 
  anyway , thanks again and good luck . 
  obviously there are accents that exaggerate certain inflections and so on , and it seems to me that there 's a certain amount of affectation in the accents typically heard in rap music , but the accent itself is `` black '' in the sense that it is either based on or mimics the accent acquired among the american black population from its overwhelmingly southern roots , through its subsequent history to today . 
  it is n't purely southern or purely anything else . 
  it 's like many aspects of black american culture : it takes elements of the surrounding ( historical ) white culture and adds its own flavor . 
  consider `` black '' churches . 
  they have characteristics that make them uniquely black , but they are rooted in the white protestant norms that dominated the surrounding white culture at the time of their inception . 
  the accent we 're talking about was n't manufactured for a genre of music . 
  it is an iteration of the accent that was typical among the people who invented that genre , and those people were black . 
  are you saying encarta 's online now ? 
  a lot of places do n't . 
  i would be considered left of most democrats in the u.s. , and i hope we do n't have too many people defending this characterization of events . 
  i agree with the remark about fox news . 
  in the long game , the ridiculousness of the stuff put out by right-wing media is one of the best things we have going for our side . 
  if we buy into this kind of sensationalism we erode the strength of that position . 
  and if we can call out people on our own side for doing stuff like this , we strengthen it , because i rarely see this done on the other side . 
   the amount of money at stake , a maximum of $ 15,000 per bank , means the gesture is symbolic rather than material, 
   moreover , banks ' hostility toward warren , who is not a presidential candidate , will not have a direct impact on the presumed democratic front runner in the white house race , hillary clinton . 
  right , because superpacs suddenly do n't exist . 
  also , i get what 's implied , but afaik , hillary is no more an actual candidate than warren at this point , right ? 
  is reuters outsourcing to high schools now ? 
  you 're correct to characterize the western side as the one to avoid ( in comparison , that is ) . 
  the central pa/harrisburg area is interesting . 
  i would only call it `` progressive '' relative to the western side of the state . 
  lancaster and lebanon counties vote overwhelmingly republican , for example . 
  but the people are n't * hostile . 
  * i would expect things to go well for you , generally . 
  edit : downvoted , hmm . 
  i 'd love to know what i said here that was so off-putting . 
  if you divide pa laterally in thirds , pitt is practically an island . 
  philly is swept up in the megalopolis , which radiates the `` progressive '' sensibility far more pervasively than the liberal mecca we call ohio . 
  still , in central pa , outside of dauphin county the prevailing political attitude is conservative . 
  it 's just not the kind of `` conservative '' that manifests itself in the form of open hostility , by and large . 
  yes , there are plenty of progressives out here . 
  progressive attitudes do n't dominate here , though . 
  if i 'm wrong , tell me how so . 
  voodoo 's not doing so well i hear . 
  they seem to have had few complaints under persian rule , which is kinda funny when you think about it . 
  can confirm . 
  i lost my ankles in latvia . 
  can i play devil 's advocate here without getting beat up ? 
  i totally get what non-americans are making fun of here , but in fairness and in the spirit of honesty i 'd like to know :, 
  would a typical german consider a person of turkish descent who was born and raised in germany a german , or a turk ? 
  would a typical english person consider a person of indian descent who was born and raised in england english , or indian ? 
  i 'm sure the answers will vary , but i think you can see my point . 
  identity is complicated when nationality , race , and ethnicity can be evaluated separately within the same person . 
  and in an increasingly interconnected world , what seems absurd to one person makes perfect sense to another . 
  i understand that americans in particular can easily be found spouting off about `` identities '' they ca n't possibly fully appreciate , but it 's not as if the claims are * completely * baseless . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  americans ca n't win sometimes , because we 're either evaluated on the lowest-common-denominator things that make us stand out ( mcdonald 's , ignorant political views , superiority complex , etc. 
  ) , or made fun of for embracing some aspect of our separate identities that calls out our diversity . 
  i like this sub because i care about the way americans represent themselves and how we 're perceived by others . 
  and a lot of the criticism that goes on here is justified . 
  but sometimes the underlying truth is more complicated than the ridicule suggests . 
  edit : apparently the answer to my first question is `` no . '', 
  okay , guys !, 
  yeah , i see your point . 
  also , i was n't really clear about the fact that i was n't addressing his case specifically . 
  okay . 
  i 'm skeptical about the `` every time '' part , but i do n't doubt many people would answer the way you did . 
  edit : seriously ? 
  i say i 'm skeptical that the english would consider such a person english `` every time '' and that 's not acceptable ? 
  are people mistaking my point for advocacy of one view or another ? 
  i had a better view of this sub before today . 
  i 'm * happy * people in england feel this way , but i 'm not simple enough to believe everyone thinks like me , or you . 
  that kind of thinking is the * very thing * this sub makes fun of . 
  well , right . 
  i understand that expressing things as you did is n't complicated . 
  i guess i was aiming my comment toward some of the harsher criticisms that seemed ( to me , at least ) entirely dismissive of the idea that americans have a legitimate sense of shared identity with other cultures/societies .
