  now , that thing about not including the tax in retail price labels is something i find to be just as crappy as every european who comes here and criticizes the practice . 
  do n't worry . 
  if you have your mid-life crisis now it wo n't matter . 
  when you 're 40 you 'll feel like 28 was yesterday . 
  i think the shit hit the fan for me when my dad died . 
  he was only 70 . 
  he had cancer and had been undergoing treatment for a couple of years and then everything went to hell real fast . 
  i 'm turning 43 in a few weeks and i remember my dad being 43 like it was a recent memory . 
  it 's not that i 'm scared of death so much as i 'm annoyed and concerned about having to think about it so soon after feeling like i 'd `` grown up . '', 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  i 've been using wood and plastic for 25 years , for everything , and i 've never had a hint of a problem . 
  i just wash the boards . 
  username . 
  you guys are either significantly older or significantly younger than me , i think . 
  i 'm 43 , and i can remember a time ( though not exactly when it was ) when it was not cool to wear a belt . 
  i think the whole thing was thought through and targeted to the demographic that remembers this well . 
  normally correct me my in-laws when i something incorrect say . 
  it helps . 
  people 's lonely hearts club band . 
  it has been called `` the worst movie ever made , '' but i could n't get enough of it . 
  watched it something like nine times one year . 
  of course , i was only about nine years old , but that movie got me turned on to the music of the beatles and to aerosmith ( when aerosmith was aerosmith ) . 
  happened to me under terrible circumstances a long time ago . 
  i was a meat cutter at a grocery store and i was taking care of the department on my own one night when i felt a nice bubble of gas form in my gut . 
  since i was alone i thought i 'd give the thing a good push just to see what i accomplish in the absence of social concerns . 
  big mistake . 
  i totally mudded my underpants . 
  and the thing was , i was all bundled up for protection from cold and blood and stuff -- pants tucked into boots and everything , and i could n't be away from the window for too long because i was the only one there . 
  i ended up * cutting * my underwear off carefully in the bathroom , cleaning up and going right back to work . 
  1/10 , would not recommend . 
  i 'd place my bet on hdpe ( high-density polyethylene ) or something like it , if such a thing exists . 
  i think it 's kinda funny and weird how that remark by lennon is still being misconstrued today . 
  the beatles were being interviewed when he said it , and it was in response to a question about their rapid ascent to superstardom ( sorry , i ca n't remember precisely the question ) . 
  with consideration to the context and the tone of the response , lennon was really saying something like `` look at how crazy this thing is ! '', 
  but that did n't stop people all over the country from burning their records and screaming bloody murder . 
  the issue here is where the burden of proof rightly belongs . 
  two competing , opposite claims are not always equal , even when neither can be `` proven '' or falsified . 
  your point of view is n't * quite * the same as those that see atheism and theism as equal matters of faith , but its premise still rests on a false equivalency . 
  this is the very issue from which richard dawkins ' flying spaghetti monster was born . 
  if you remove the emotionally charged idea of god and replace it with something absurd and fabricated that we * also * ca n't see , `` agnosticism '' seems a little ridiculous . 
  the reason i positively disbelieve in the flying spaghetti monster is that i have no reason to entertain any claims of its existence . 
  the theist , therefore , is the one with the burden of proof . 
  it is not up to the atheist to prove a negative , and so the standard you mention does n't apply . 
  no article . 
  this guy 's legit . 
  fuck it , then . 
  i do n't think that 's what he 's saying . 
  i think he 's saying that what a society considers `` heinous , '' and what people consider behavior worthy of the harshest punishments , changes over time , and that people should n't be so quick to deem this man unworthy of life . 
  people do n't use that `` stupid law '' in the u.s. as much as you might think , although i see nothing wrong with anyone doing so . 
  before worrying about that i 'd worry about the crime known in many places as `` simple assault . '', 
  a lot of people get thrown in jail for it where i live . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i was as happy as anyone else to see those guys get schooled . 
  i 'm just responding to the oft-repeated claim that fear of being sued is what prevents something like this happening in the u.s. -- or that people actually sue each other a lot here for stuff like this . 
  far more frequently , people go to jail for it . 
  i ca n't be sure , but i think he meant it as a joke in the same vein as `` now tell us how you really feel . '', 
  i 'd love to know what they think of pastor [ frank schaefer ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/pastor-frank-schaefer-never-expected-to-speak-for-gay-rights-his-sons-gay-wedding-changed-everything/2014/05/30/2a99bcac-b9de-11e3-a397-6debf9e66e65_story.html ) . 
  he knows quite a bit about the `` word of god , '' having studied it at princeton . 
  three of his four kids are gay . 
  he performed the wedding ceremony for his eldest son and faced the consequences . 
  i do n't know a more honorable person . 
  i , for one , am grateful for the way our free media brought the nsa 's domestic spying to a screeching halt . 
  thanks indeed . 
  i 'm way late here , and i ca n't offer anything specific to russia , but i can offer one thing to consider on this topic because my in-laws ( and wife ) are former east germans . 
  my fil is * still * so completely disgusted by what communism did to his society that even today one can hardly bring up a topic that does n't have him on the subject in under 10 minutes . 
  ( it 's very interesting , instructive , edifying , and all that , but it can also be annoying when you just want him to pass the muffins at the breakfast table . ), 
  anyway , one of the things he rails about constantly is how there are still so many people he encounters in the former east germany who lament the change . 
  by and large , it seems , these are people who did n't ( and do n't ) aspire to much . 
  they were more comfortable under the old system because they were cared for under it at a level that was adequate for them , whereas today they have to concern themselves with things they never had to think much about before . 
  they also have a habit of remembering only what they miss , and not all of the other things that made life unbearable at the time . 
  i read somewhere recently that life expectancy has taken a dive in russia since the fall of the u.s.s.r. 
  i do n't know the details , really , but if this is true it suggests that the country is hurting in ways it did n't before , even if in other ways it 's doing much better . 
  people are probably remembering only what was better and not what was worse , and many are probably young enough that they only have a romanticized notion of what life had been like . 
  just a guess . 
  this is exactly right . 
  [ okay , casey kasem ] ( http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=nduk6yx3pbo ) . 
  and now we know why it was forbidden . 
  you can thank the mob mentality concerning `` sex offenders '' for this . 
  when someone commits a genuinely heinous crime it gets national attention and the collective consciousness of the population conflates every `` criminal '' act involving genitals with imagery of the rape and dismemberment of toddlers . 
  next thing you know , hundreds of thousands of people are on a useless list that serves no purpose beyond public humiliation . 
  on top of that , if someone on the list fails to update one of the many ridiculous things they are required to update -- in person , within 48 hours -- it 's a felony . 
  the majority of the people affected in this way are not people you would think require such a high level of scrutiny . 
  i know this because i 've met a number of them -- people i 'd never consider dangerous -- and because i read . 
  much of this stuff is born of an irrational fear of the boogeyman , and is supported in an atmosphere of political cowardice . 
  til conan o'brien is an audiophile . 
  and black . 
  perhaps you were not in his target audience . 
  i do n't know who that is , but i thought conan . 
  dude , you may be right , but that 's how shit works . 
  apply the same idea to cars and perhaps you 'll begin to understand . 
  on the right you look like a man . 
  on the left you look like a guy who beats on his chest and pretends to be one . 
  i 've known a lot of guys like the one on the left , and i 've never had much hope for them . 
  it was good for me to see this . 
  it 'll help me be less judgmental . 
  that 's so interesting . 
  i 'm an american who was in the army when i was quite young . 
  i was stationed in germany and when i got there we had a sort of `` cultural orientation , '' and one of the things we were `` warned '' about was that people wo n't typically smile or greet you in passing -- that europeans might think you 're a little `` off '' if you smile too much . 
  we were told not to be offended by this . 
  i met a smiley german and married her .
