  and it can wear a guy out sometimes . 
  and when that happens , whether it 's fair or not , you get to the point where instead of engaging , you just pull the lever that drops the floor . 
  as far as i know , this advice was meant for people taking baths , for reasons that would seem obvious if you think about it that way . 
  no , no - that 's posture . 
  you 're thinking about that place where cattle graze . 
  my statist utopia borrows a lot from germany , but it definitely leaves all those crazy articles at the door . 
  no , they are two different things that can work in concert with , or in opposition to , each other . 
  and pigs take the * ham * bulance !, 
  edit : auto correct . 
  maybe not great , but it did make me laugh . 
  thanks . 
  you probably realize by now that you 're dealing with a troll . 
  i mean , the words `` single payer '' mean that -- you know -- a * single * entity pays the bills . 
  insofar as the aca allows the presence of more than one * payer * , it ca n't be called a single-payer framework , no matter how indirect the taxation , or tortured the logic . 
  u/allrightguy may or may not actually believe what he 's saying , but the effect in either case is trolling , which is why i do n't go down the rabbit hole of `` debate '' with him or others like him who get people tangled up in arguments that never reach the point of substance . 
  no , see , it works like this : 1 ) driving is a choice . 
  even though 45 % of the population does n't really * have * a choice , * i * do , and that 's all that matters , and 2 ) to avoid the oppressive , forceful government mandate that one have insurance to legally operate a motor vehicle -- to throw off the yoke of statist violence toward my individual sovereignty -- i turn to . 
  * public transportation * . 
  put * that * in your pipe and smoke it , liberal . 
  yeah , like vermont 's single-payer idea . 
  if they go through with it and it works well , we should adopt it nationally . 
  i totally agree . 
  this has been a frustrating thing for me as i 've become more involved in online `` discussions '' relating to government and politics . 
  when i entered college i was a religious skeptic who still called himself `` christian . '', 
  i was a military veteran , a republican , and a self-described conservative . 
  i went to a state school for my undergrad degree , and a private catholic college for my master 's . 
  i knew liberal professors as well as conservative ones . 
  there was no political `` bias '' to the instruction at either institution . 
  there was no `` indoctrination . '', 
  i did have one situation where a professor of a class titled gender , race , and class had us make journal entries , and the ones i wrote that fit her `` narrative '' got a 's , whereas the ones that expressed skepticism or caveats here and there tended to get b 's and b - 's . 
  but that was easy to shrug off , and it was isolated . 
  also , i actually learned some interesting things in that class , even though the prof 's approach could be justifiably criticized . 
  my point , though , is that i walked away from my educational experience a much different person than when i had initially embarked upon it -- not because i had been told what to think , but because i learned that matters are often more complicated than they seem , that commonly held beliefs are sometimes built on false assumptions or faulty logic , and that several of the things i held to be true simply . 
  * were n't * . 
  i went through a phase where i flirted with objectivism , and i called myself a libertarian for several years , too . 
  but when i emerged from the whole experience , i was a social democrat , an atheist , and all those other terrible things i used to jeer at people for being . 
  this transformation happened because of what i had * learned * , not because of what i 'd been told to believe . 
  so yes , i believe that academics as a group probably do lean left . 
  the biggest reason for this , in my view , though , is that after spending a ridiculous amount of time studying something to death , the biggest , broadest lesson they are likely to have learned collectively is that truth is complicated and sometimes counterintuitive . 
  this idea does n't sell well in the political arena , however . 
  so yeah , i 'd love to join in and defend democrats and bash republicans and so on , but really all i can say is that the obama administration has lied about some things and has been incompetent about some things . 
  same for the bush administration . 
  in my view the iraq war and our treatment of detainees were crimes to which the u.s. and certain individuals should be held accountable in international court . 
  it is also my view that obama and his team have dropped the ball in many areas , and that he and his administration are entirely hypocritical about such matters as drones and edward snowden . 
  it 's all just not so black-and-white , is what i 'm saying , and the academics whose very careers are built on recognizing this fact can be excused for being `` liberal '' in the face of conservative efforts to unduly simplify matters . 
  i have up to this point made fun of the / s tag , but i see that it can indeed grease the wheels of communication . 
  yeah , i 've commented elsewhere here and also in another pd thread today . 
  i 've had a bit of a short fuse today , too , so that has probably colored my tone a bit . 
  i 've gone a couple of rounds with some people on this sub in the past and it can wear a guy out . 
  political discussion is fine , if that 's what you 're having . 
  but so often what i see here is people talking past each other , ending up in debates over whether a person really has a choice when it comes to driving a car , instead of , like , why the aca , the apocalyptic cries to the contrary notwithstanding , is n't even close to `` government-run healthcare . '', 
   if someone is really on their game and you want to mess them up , ask them `` wow , you are really good at blah what are you doing to affect it ? '', 
  or something to that point . 
  they will from then on overthink and most of the time start to fail more often . 
    wow , you are really good at pointing these things out , what is your secret ? 
  i see what you did there . 
  i myself am guilty of failing to think of men as women . 
  small point , and it 's been a few years since i was in school , but my understanding is that `` unconsciously '' is not only the correct -- but also the preferred -- term . 
  no , that 's the german word for `` discography . '', 
  if you put half an avocado to your ear , you can hear guacamole . 
  ah , so tough and ruthless . 
  can confirm . 
  am harbor seal . 
  well , i 'm rather new to this sub , and i have a better-than-lay understanding ( which i guess would seem like a pretty good understanding to have , har , har ) of some parts of history , but i 'm no expert , and i 'm sure that many of you are , so i 'll pose my devil 's - advocate reaction as a question : to be fair , is it not true that at least in part due to the suppression of classical works by official christendom , we in the west have the arabs to thank for the survival of such works ? 
  in other words , is there not enough truth in the top comment -- particularly regarding the disruption of continuity in the west 's familiarity with pre-christian works -- to avoid harsh criticism ? 
  thanks for weighing in on that . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  ehh , i 'm pretty sure it 's day man , master of the night man . 
  i just discovered this sub and i really love what 's going on here . 
  there are so many discussions of things that i had questions about long before i knew anything of reddit . 
  so , being new , i wo n't weigh in with a heavy opinion . 
  i 'll just ask that if and whenever the sub moves , it continue to do what it seems to have done so well here . 
  and also , that , since r/german is still private , i receive access so that i may participate !, 
  this is less cringe and more r/wtf . 
  champion of the sun , bitch . 
  nope , it is n't . 
  what we spend on tanks and other military bullshit , not to mention health care , even though we do n't have a national health care system , now that 's significant . 
  for everyone , i 've heard . 
  i have no quarrel with your logic . 
  my assertion was not that `` because one thing is significant , your freeloading is n't . '', 
  it was `` significant or not , i do n't give a crap . '', 
  we live in a society that has some degree of something-for-nothing available to some people . 
  there is an intent behind this provision that people not take permanent advantage of it . 
  but some people will . 
  that 's that . 
  it will cost me x amount of dollars per year to float somebody 's boat . 
  so what ? 
  that is part of the cost of providing the benefit to the people who use it as it was intended . 
  the people who abuse it are not going to have prestige or attain the level of personal and professional satisfaction that i and most other people have and do . 
  they will live with their hands out . 
  it will cost me something . 
  but i 'd rather swallow that bitter pill than withdraw my support , because for every freeloader there will be 10 people spared from disaster , who will go on to become givers rather than takers . 
  i simply reject the idea that the tax issue matters on the individual level . 
  instead of shaming guys like op because they `` cost me money , '' we should say `` have a nice life '' and then go on to do great things with our own lives , in my view . 
  the contrast will be lost on some , but most people will see it , and most people , in time , will want something better for themselves . 
  edit : i just realized that i thought i was responding to a different part of the thread , so some of the above may not make sense in the context of this part . 
  my point remains the same , but sorry for the extraneous references . 
  well , there are tutorials , but i believe that anyone who 's any good will very the balls . 
  yeah , those damn democrats and their damn $ 2,000,000,000,000 iraq war . 
  bastards .
