  someone must have argued against using the singular `` they '' in a different subreddit and drawn them all away . 
  that was definitely a troll , guys . 
  check his profile . 
  i know americans can say ignorant shit sometimes , but you have to be able to tell when someone is just out there pushing buttons . 
  okay , so when we `` average guys '' watch the news , and the news people say `` we have a guy here who 's an expert on the topic to explain the matter , '' the winning strategy for the commentator is to * feign ignorance * ? 
  i think my skepticism can be excused here . 
  i just ca n't see how it would be beneficial in any way for a program that is meant to inform to hire an expert to that end , only to have that expert pretend he does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  perhaps you 're confusing `` feigning ignorance '' with `` explaining in layman 's terms . '', 
  an editor working for you would deserve a lot of money , for example . 
  his point , as i see it , is that when the express purpose of moving the venue to a high school is to provide a `` cautionary tale '' to kids , there is an incentive against leniency where a certain amount of it may be called for , depending on the case . 
  the courtroom is an ostensibly neutral ground . 
  the high school -- for the purpose described -- is not . 
  it does n't mean that every case involves prejudice , but incentive for prejudice is certainly there . 
  dude , just because no one got killed does n't mean a crime `` did n't happen . '', 
  the law is there to prevent tragic deaths , yes , but * driving while impaired is the crime * . 
  you can meet them here , though , along with people who think taxation is stealing . 
  i 've got a belly bone you would n't believe . 
  holy crap , that 's money . 
  i 'm not sure reddit should have been your first stop . 
  in the spirit of this thread , i am compelled to inform you that shakespeare never said that . 
  dude , i do n't care what anybody says , you made a funny joke . 
  parties are like , whatever in the first place . 
  i was 18 when i met my future wife , who was 26 . 
  we 've been married almost 24 years now . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the points you 've made here and i would call it good basic advice . 
  the problem , though , is that culturally we 've moved to a place where having a relationship with someone considerably younger is automatically `` creepy '' -- a term that is , frankly , a bit juvenile itself . 
  people have different values , goals , personalities , and needs . 
  what works for one might not work for another . 
  i was 18 when i met a 26-year-old woman . 
  i was in the army and she had recently escaped from east germany . 
  life was new for both of us , and we wanted to experience it together . 
  we 've been married nearly 24 years now . 
  it only sounds suspect in today 's culture of seeing such things as `` creepy '' ( which is itself a somewhat juvenile distinction ) . 
  not everyone shares the same life trajectory -- or , god , any number of variables that are in play when people pair up . 
  just because the * potential * for something unhealthy exists with such an age gap does n't mean it 's right to assume it actually * is * so in all or even most cases . 
  if it does n't work for you that 's fine . 
  i do n't think it 's useful to come to automatic conclusions about such things , though , before knowing about other factors . 
  i 've been married to a woman 7-1/2 years older than me for nearly 24 years now . 
  we met when i was 18 and she was 26 . 
  we already have restrictions on free speech . 
  i wo n't go through them all , but in general the test is that restrictions on speech must use the `` least restrictive means '' to satisfy a `` compelling state interest . '', 
  we can say all kinds of things about fairness and free speech , but as far as i 'm concerned , preventing the government from becoming corrupt to the core is about as compelling an interest a state can have . 
  you can be sure that some of these questions would have to be answered by the scotus . 
  it would seem that the point is to allow for campaign finance regulations on all levels . 
  it also seems clear to me that nonprofits would be subject to the same regulations corporations would be subject to -- or at least could be in whatever legislation were passed under this amendment . 
  you seem angry for some reason . 
  i mean , the guy explained why consensus was even invoked . 
  it 's just a way to counter one argument that has been used by deniers . 
  it reminds me of the fundamentalist response to evolution . 
  they tried to paint the issue as unsettled or controversial , when the science had been accepted for over a century . 
  pointing out how much of the scientific community accepts evolution is n't the same as saying that the consensus itself proves it as fact . 
  it 's merely countering the claim that there 's any significant controversy surrounding the subject . 
  copernicus was referring , of course , to a consensus that had existed before science was applied . 
  but anyway , it seems you 're attempting to split a hair with an axe . 
  yes , * science is never settled . 
  * but science does settle issues that are part of the larger picture . 
  there 's a reason scientists are n't still investigating whether the earth moves , to use your example of copernicus . 
  i think you would agree that science has settled that issue . 
  now , we do n't have a comprehensive quantum theory of gravity that applies both to the earth as an object and to the particles that make it up on the smallest scale , but we know the earth is n't at the center of the universe and is n't stationary . 
  so , has humankind played a role in global warming ? 
  the answer appears to be yes . 
  does that mean the science is over and everyone can go home ? 
  of course not . 
  but the question of whether agw is real appears to be settled . 
   correlation does not equal causation, 
  i swear , this phrase is thrown around so much it 's become the `` i know you are but what am i ? '', 
  of modern debate . 
  so you 're going to apply that well-worn truth to a reddit comment that was aimed at addressing a different claim altogether , namely , that the consensus is based on computer models . 
  the commenter 's point , though i would have made it differently , is that the consensus involves plenty of real-world observations . 
  he was n't attempting to `` show causation . '', 
  no , i 'm not . 
  never did . 
  yeah , no , i did n't . 
  never said anything about venus . 
  never attempted to make a causal connection . 
  it was a different guy . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.grida.no/publications/other/ipcc_tar/?src=/climate/ipcc_tar/wg1/095.htm ) a good starting point for agw . 
  the predictability you 're looking for , though , does n't follow , in the same way that weather forecasts made a month in advance are probably going to be inaccurate , even though the science behind them is well understood and not controversial . 
   yes , there are repeatable experiments that predict outcomes that can be independently verified . 
  as there are with agw . 
   you do n't make planetary decisions based on an untested theory . 
  it 's not untested , though . 
  dude , what ? 
  you ask for help in the same breath you used to call his site unprofessional ? 
  do you go into a deli and ask the guy behind the counter where you can go to get a `` good '' sandwich , too ? 
  also , whatever criticism you can make of the site , it 's not at all `` unprofessional . '', 
  that is n't at all what he said . 
  read it again :, 
   it is n't so important exactly how accurate each method is when the data from all of them points to the same conclusion about the overall trends . 
  if you weigh the eiffel tower you 're probably going to round off with a margin of error of several pounds , maybe even hundreds . 
  if you weigh a grain of sand , you 're necessarily operating at a level of accuracy measured in , say , milligrams . 
  if you use these two objects to test the effects of gravity , or to measure its force , you 'll find that the results are consistent , even though the data is not accurate to the same level of fineness in each case . 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  already did elsewhere in this thread . 
  in reply to you , so you should have no trouble finding it . 
  let me know when you 're done . 
  ah , then you 'll remember the one about the alien who was no bigger than a baseball ( or whatever he said ) , who came to earth with a dire warning about the fate of humankind . 
  thing was , he could only communicate in beeps and farts and stuff , so when he flew in to a bar and started warning people , the first person who encountered him smashed his brains out . 
  the lesson , of course , was that communication is hard . 
  thanks for not staking out on a preconception .
