  oddly , the pants thing is funny because it 's * not * a joke . 
  when i finally have a reason to leave the house , it usually comes down to having to weigh the benefit of going to wherever against the cost of having to put on pants . 
  why do people keep bringing this up ? 
  the very fact that those subs still exist is a partial * confirmation * of reddit 's statement that it was banning the sub for reasons other than its content . 
  right . 
  the ones where the users were breaking site-wide rules and the mods were either doing nothing to discourage the behavior or were actively encouraging it , and then called it a day . 
  did n't say that . 
  i just said that the subs that were banned were n't banned for their content . 
  if you know of others where the same behavior is occurring that got fph banned , then maybe you should report them instead of defending the ones that were called to task for it . 
  fph was a toxic place that fomented really shitty behavior . 
  ask yourself if this is worth defending : https://imgur.com/a/gcvc2, 
  it could easily be that i misinterpreted you and if i did , i apologize . 
  this is just an argument that has been frequently trotted out by people who * are * defending those subs , and it 's pretty old at this point -- like the argument that fph did n't encourage harassment is old -- because the contrary evidence is n't hard to find . 
  ca n't read cyrillic . 
  in fairness , the parent comment ( certainly to avoid accusations of being an apologist ) included the phrase `` i 'm not saying these people are heroes , you know ? '', 
  and the linked comment was downvoted to hell . 
  so i do n't think we 're looking at a real circlejerk here . 
  holy shit that 's awesome , haha . 
  fair enough . 
  just sayin ' . 
  dude , thank you . 
  `` book smart '' is a term that is only used by people who are not `` book smart . '', 
  yes , there is such a thing . 
  but it is only trumped by experience , and not by `` common sense . '', 
  well , yeah , it 's a form of abstract experience . 
  by `` experience '' i mean `` doing . '', 
  ( used to be a teacher . 
  we made a distinction . 
  you can talk all day about how to do something , but doing it is just as important , if not more so . ), 
  dude , wtf ? 
  anyway , i like americone dream , if that has anything to do with anything here . 
  but nobody did that -- yet , anyway . 
  edit : lol , a real children 's crusade below . 
  nobody said anything to the contrary at this point . 
  also , ama is thursday . 
  a great time to pontificate would be after they actually explain their new policy . 
  yes it does , because reddit is n't `` america , '' and owes you no platform . 
  actually , america itself owes you no platform . 
  it simply protects you from criminal prosecution for expressing yourself . 
  as for the assumption you seem to be making that fph was banned for its content , i urge you to look into the matter more deeply and critically . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  and the evidence for the harassment and absolutely intolerable behavior is extensive and easy to find . 
  jailbait may have been legal in concept , but from what i 've read ( i was n't here during the actual controversy ) , the content walked the line so closely that the benefits did n't outweigh the costs or the risks . 
  neither you nor anyone else is owed the right to this content from a third party . 
  try it yourself if you like . 
  a whole city 's worth of people ran to voat when they felt like they were being oppressed , and things got so hot so quick over there that a pile of subs got banned within a week or two of being created -- the new iteration of jailbait included . 
  guess what , fuckstick : that 's not the end of the discussion . 
  the end of the discussion was when those subs were banned . 
  i do n't give a shit about your concept of what a `` safe space '' is . 
  i do n't seek one here . 
  but nobody owes either one of us a damn thing here . 
  so go ahead and do those things you want to do on voat . 
  oh , right -- you ca n't do them there either . 
  make a website , dude . 
  just stop crying and misunderstanding what you 're entitled to -- which with regard to reddit , is nothing whatsoever . 
  edit : you 're a quick downvoter , and obviously very angry for some reason . 
  i 'm going to guess that it has something to do with being young . 
  sorry , man . 
  there are grownups here who know what they 're talking about . 
   fee fees simply do not matter . 
  neither do absolutely juvenile terms like '' `` fee fees . '', 
  you do n't know shit about what i want , btw . 
   let that sink in deep , because it 's the most eternal truth there is . 
  well now i know you 're a kid . 
  take your issues to / r/legaladvice and see how things go there . 
  you are embarrassing yourself . 
   scram . 
  okay , bugsy !, 
  dude , there are no `` facts '' in the comment you responded to . 
  in fact , it 's entirely false , from top to bottom . 
  dude , she saved a hundred twenty five dollars . 
  money does n't grow on trees . 
  edit : you motherfuckers have no sense of humor . 
  i 've heard this before , and here 's the problem with this thinking : 1 ) the mods exercised poor stewardship of their sub . 
  if they cared about it , they would have done more to prevent the problems . 
  i wo n't even bother linking you to the evidence you call `` anecdotal , '' because it 's damned easy to find , and it 's also not anecdotal . 
  it 's evidence , or `` proof , '' if you will , that the problem was n't limited to a small number of individuals . 
  in fact , i 've seen the archived threads wherein members warned fellow members and mods with the admonishment `` this is going too far . 
  it 's one thing to [ insert benign behavior ] , but it 's another to [ insert fucked up thing that was really happening ] . 
  this shit 's gon na get us banned . '', 
  you know what happened to the people who said this stuff ? 
  they were warned and/or banned for `` fat sympathy . '', 
  2 ) free expression is great , but nowhere in the world is it shielded from non-criminal consequences . 
  if you choose to use your free expression to be a complete cock knob to other people , you do risk losing that shit . 
  on reddit , and even in your country . 
  if you love free expression , then you should encourage others to exercise it with reasonable restraint . 
  your anger is misplaced . 
  you should be blaming your fellow fph subscribers and the fph mods for getting your shit banned . 
  think about it : if the teacher leaves the class alone and says `` do what you want , but be responsible , '' and 10 % of the class carries on like absolute fuckwads , and the teacher comes back and sees the mayhem caused , who deserves the blame for pulling the plug on that privilege ? 
  you can say `` punish the individuals , '' but another perspective says that the teacher would be a fool for taking the risk again . 
  it 's * that * simple . 
  even the free speech in the first amendment , which is the only free speech you 're actually entitled to , is limited . 
  why is it limited ? 
  because of assholes who abused it . 
  edit : also , the comment you responded to used the term `` libelous , '' which is on a level of uninformed ridiculousness i can barely lower myself to address . 
  moreover , the idea that a standard equal to criminal prosecution is necessary to prove this stuff , is breathtakingly ignorant . 
  reddit can ban any damn thing it wants , for any goddamn reason it pleases . 
  it owes neither you nor me one single motherfucking thing . 
  you are laughably ignorant of the law . 
  i 'm done talking to you .
