  i 'm not trying to be a dick about it . 
  i confess it 's a pet peeve of mine . 
  people argue over the subject , and your take on it is a pretty fair way of looking at it . 
  i just would n't go so far as to call it `` pretty much correct . '', 
  as far as i 'm concerned it 's one of those things that is n't a hard-and-fast rule , but generally it 's a good idea to avoid the `` singular they '' if you can do so without making your sentence more awkward than it otherwise would be . 
  reddit can be pretty lazy about this , in my opinion . 
  thanks for not taking it personally . 
  that 's what she said . 
  ugh , i hate to be * that guy , * but the correct term is `` little people . '', 
  calculus lowers my happiness . 
  i 'm sure there are other reasons , but this suggests to me at least one reason why our memories tend to drop off precipitously when we attempt to recall things before around age 3 or 4 . 
  if we ca n't articulate a memory , it 's almost as if the memory is n't there , or it only exists as an image and not an `` experience . '', 
  i 'm speculating . 
  a neuroscientist would probably read this and throw up in his mouth a little . 
  it 's funny , though , how i can be explaining something to my wife about something i vaguely remember from that age , and i 'll infuse a bunch of my current parlance into the memory :, 
  * and then i was , like : wtf ? 
  no fucking way . 
  do you think i 'm stupid or something ? 
  obviously these could not have been my thoughts , but somehow i remember having a certain sense that i might articulate with these words today . 
  back then i probably just drooled or something . 
  pretty fascinating , if you ask me . 
  i really do n't think this is disingenuousness , though . 
  as others have pointed out , many/most people do n't really understand or know what the numbers mean to begin with , or at least get the deficit confused with the debt . 
  what i wanted to add is just that aside from those one or two years of surplus under clinton , we 've been running deficits since the nixon era . 
  they 've been really big in terms of raw numbers , too , for most of those years . 
  so it 's become rather standard to discuss `` reducing the deficit '' as opposed to the debt , because deficits have become more or less a given . 
  tbh , i do n't think we 'll ever be serious about * debt * reduction -- at least not before we lose our standing in the world . 
  if we were to start even * projecting * surpluses , congress would have that money spent before a single dime was spent on the debt . 
  and i mean that irrespective of what party is controlling congress . 
  edit : yep , there it is . 
  one of those phantom downvotes . 
  i 'm happy to admit my error if someone would point out where i 've made one . 
  in fact , i * want * to know if i 'm wrong . 
  i do n't think i am , but a downvote without explanation accomplishes nothing . 
  an eleven-year chicken war ? 
  damn , i wonder what that is in chicken years . 
  the thing about lagers is , there 's nothing qualitatively better or worse about them compared to any other kind of beer . 
  there are great lagers and there are terrible ones . 
  i think `` lager '' got a bad name in the u.s. because that 's pretty much all that was available before the beer thing took off here . 
  back when `` american beer '' was synonymous with garbage , the stuff it was being compared to ( in , say , germany or czechoslovakia ) were mainly lagers . 
  comparing lagers to ales is like comparing tomato soup to tomato sauce . 
  one is n't necessarily better than the other . 
  there are excellent and shitty versions of both . 
  til they keep milfs in coops . 
  i wonder how they compare to free-range milfs . 
  i 'm actually blown away by how well so many non-native english speakers use english here on reddit . 
  i know enough german to get by , but if i were to attempt to use it the way i use english here , i 'm sure it would be atrocious compared to the quality of english used by the non-native speakers i 've seen around here . 
  hats off to all of you , seriously . 
  you 're actually not wrong . 
  your comment just comes off as overly simple . 
  while the president has no authority to make law , he is a focal point for the popular will , particularly following an election . 
  when a presidential candidate runs on a particular program and succeeds , he submits the legislation to congress . 
  congress could shitcan it outright if it wanted to , but it usually does n't because the public just elected the guy at least partly due to that proposal . 
  the president 's authority to enact sweeping policy is limited , but i would not call his effect on jobs `` zero '' either . 
  it 's not out of the question that admins ( and from what i have gathered , investors ) may be calculating and weighing their options here . 
  it 's not out of the question that for every person who leaves , one or more may come who otherwise would n't have . 
  just ask yourself how committed reddit would be to abstract values if the people whose job it is to make reddit profitable thought they could make more money by pulling the plug out of their worst liabilities . 
  i have no idea whether such a calculation would be correct or incorrect . 
  most of us are n't experts enough to know whether it would be . 
  and even the people who are do n't always get it right . 
  i actually support free speech on principle , but here 's a little irony : some of the same people who are shouting about free speech out of one side of their mouth , are arguing that the `` free market '' will cure all ills from the other side . 
  if reddit decides to drop the hammer on hateful speech it wo n't be because of `` sjws . '', 
  it will be a business decision made in pursuit of profit , whether it succeeds or fails . 
  wait , how does your australian internet get all the way over here ? 
  it 's like six months ago where you live . 
  well one thing that 's clearly wrong with you is that you have a problem with magic . 
  so after you get your hug , i want you to think of any card in the deck , okay ? 
  eh , i 'm pretty sure the europes use centimilles and millimilles , though . 
  edit : wow , sensitive . 
  it 's a joke , people . 
  so you 're saying my disk images will work at the u.n. ? 
  i 'm a fan of the [ metric alphabet ] ( https://screen.yahoo.com/dan-aykroyd-metric-alphabet-050000965.html ) myself . 
  no , i 'm smarter than that . 
  i measure everything in hamburgers . 
  unless you put them all in a row . 
  edit : party poopers , you lot . 
  but that 's not the statement his comment is responding to . 
  wow , man . 
  i understand this sub can be tough , but someone says your graph does `` nothing '' to help , you refute the claim while admitting that there are legitimate criticisms that could be made , and at the moment he 's at +39 and you 're at -58 . 
  i 've seen * really , really * shitty comments in other subs that did n't get anywhere near this much hate . 
  sometimes i wonder if people actively turn a sub 's reputation into a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i mean , what did you do here that requires this strong of a message ? 
  what did the 59th downvoter want to communicate that had n't already been communicated by the 58th ? 
  i like what this sub produces and i think strong moderation and constructive criticism are both great things that can inspire better content , but this is over the top . 
   you should probably pose this question to her pcm and not random redditor . 
  just a friendly word about admonitions :, 
  people sometimes make them based on faulty assumptions . 
  i see this in politically oriented subs with some regularity , i.e. , * you should call your congressman instead of being a keyboard warrior . 
  * except that one is not excluded from doing both of these things , and the latter is not wholly without value . 
  this is the first i 've heard of this clotting risk ( thanks , op . 
  yes , i * should * know . 
  ) , so i cast a line for something anecdotal that might be useful to me and to others here . 
  there 's no reason to assume i 'm seeking an answer from one source to the exclusion of all others . 
  your information is quite helpful and informative , though , so thank you for that . 
  edit : i do n't really understand what i 've said here that deserves downvotes . 
  it 's about the level of `` removal '' one chooses from which to view the situation . 
  it does n't have to be either/or . 
  it 's both . 
  rioting is totally unacceptable , but it 's not beyond comprehension , and under certain conditions one can almost expect it to occur . 
  it 's like a kid from a violent household who acts out violently .
