  in a sense , all naivete stems from ignorance of some kind , but one can not be ignorant * as a result * of being naive . 
  i know this does n't go a long way toward explaining the subtle differences , but i hope it helps a little , at least . 
  i 'm not sure flapping is evil , but it sure makes you look funny . 
  well , i 'm not going to say that there are n't places in the u.s. where teachers are not what you describe in your ideal . 
  more often , though , it 's that good , smart people are forced to teach a tamer , less controversial version of their subject due to politics , and parents ' expectation that they `` have a say '' in matters that are none of their business . 
  the real problem as i see it , though , goes a layer deeper than that . 
  it stems from the cultural isolation of many if not most american communities . 
  when you 're surrounded by and constantly exposed to very different viewpoints , ways of addressing problems , languages , and other aspects of culture , you 're more keenly aware of what the broader requirements of intellectual competition are . 
  it 's still too easy in parts of the u.s. to get away with such things as demanding equal time for creationism and evolution without drawing universal condemnation from your cultural peers . 
  so it 's not education by itself . 
  it 's cultural isolation coupled with a system that is more driven by politics than expertise , and too vulnerable to the whims of the local population . 
  there was a time when i would n't believe i 'd ever say something like this , but today i 'd actually support a national system run by academics that allows for local and parental involvement only in extracurricular matters . 
  no , i said `` flapping . '', 
  just making a low-effort joke about op 's typo . 
  damn upside-down icebergs , fucking with my metaphors . 
  what ? 
  i thought that only existed in a phil hartman bit !, 
  gah , now i have to go back and re-file some old memories . 
  i 'd be fine with no term limits if we 'd just get public campaign funding and make private contributions illegal . 
  i was more-or-less satisfied with my comcast tv and internet package until they called one day and said my data usage exceeded their `` limit . '', 
  my argument that i subscribed to their `` unlimited '' internet plan was n't good enough to prevent them from giving me an ultimatum : go over the limit again and have my internet service suspended . 
  for * 12 months * . 
  so how could i monitor this consumption ? 
  somehow , they can know how much i 'm using , but they ca n't provide a tool that allows * me * to know , even though i 've been threatened with a * one year * cutoff . 
  thank god we had fios available here . 
  i unplugged my comcast shit and told them they can shove their internet * and * their tv for being such dicks . 
  and i 'm glad to see that my bold stance has caused them to become a better company . 
  i mean , they 're a better company now , right ? 
  now that the free market has spoken ? 
  streaming ? 
  the limit was 200gb when i dumped them , and they neither made this known ( until you went over it ) or provided a means of tracking it . 
  they told me to install a third-party monitor on my computer . 
  only thing is , it could n't tell me what i 'd used by other means , i.e. , data i streamed to the ps3 . 
  a lot of balls they had , treating their customers like that . 
  right ? 
  these people just do n't get it !, 
  we did n't send king george packing so we could have healthy teeth and gums !, 
  we did it for the freedom to have higher infant mortality rates than most of the western world !, 
  we stormed the beaches of normandy for the right to a lower life expectancy , and for the sweet liberty of losing your house and your ability to feed yourself and your family when you 're told on a friday that you do n't have to come into work on monday , or ever !, 
  these people do n't understand that the last generation fought and died in vietnam so that we would n't * have * to fight for income inequality or the freedom to be completely ignored by our elected representatives . 
  and i myself spent four years in the army to protect people 's liberty to get a college degree that costs them as much as the house they grew up in . 
  what these libtards do n't understand is that i do n't want to live in a society that behaves like an * actual society * . 
  i want freedom !, 
   all fiats have failed !, 
  yes , the same way that all societies have failed , all languages have failed , all penises have failed , and so on . 
  you can say that about anything if you ignore what is * currently in use * . 
  sure , okay . 
  you 're absolutely welcome to use it . 
  i have nothing against gold as such . 
  but your argument regarding fiat currency is fallacious . 
  that 's the end of my point . 
  no rabbit-hole `` discussions '' for me !, 
  how about a serious answer ? 
  by `` liberal , '' i assume you are referring to progressive taxation and generous social programs . 
  i will preface my answer with a note that in many places , this is n't considered `` liberal '' in the same sense that we use the word in the u.s. . that said , here 's my answer :, 
  social programs are investments . 
  they have varying levels of yield , just as all investments do . 
  you will always be able to find examples of people abusing generous social programs . 
  that fact , however , does not preclude the investments from having a positive net return . 
  people with access to healthcare they ca n't afford on their own will have better preventive care , reducing the cost to society for the urgent care that is inevitably needed when health issues are ignored for too long . 
  `` welfare , '' to use a broad term , enables people without a private support network to realize potential they otherwise would not have been able to , and encourages them to become positive contributors once they 've gotten on their feet . 
  it also encourages more participation in the economy . 
  after all , a business owner ca n't sell his goods and services without clientele with disposable income . 
  i know that people will claim that such programs encourage the opposite , and that is certainly the case for some people . 
  in the aggregate , though , this is untrue , as many countries with such an economic plan can attest . 
  it 's just an anecdote , i know , but to give one example , j. k. rowling was on welfare . 
  the u.k. can be glad about that investment . 
  i and my family , too , have benefited from government largesse . 
  today my wife and i have master 's degrees . 
  we sent both our kids to college and have pumped tax dollars into the system for over 15 years now . 
  a `` liberal '' economic plan can only be appreciated from the standpoint of investment . 
  well , sure . 
  i see your point . 
  and for the record , i 'm not against having programs that are nice just for being nice . 
  i 'm not a person who believes everything needs to be justified according to its effect on the bottom line . 
  still , one could still view such things as social security as an investment . 
  ideally , it should contribute to a better sense of security for people of all ages , which creates real , if indirect , health benefits . 
  this is one reason why scandinavian countries , for example , have better overall `` happiness '' metrics than we do . 
  i ca n't link to actual sources that `` prove '' the benefits of this at the moment ( which is not to say that they do n't exist . 
  i just do n't have time ) , but the benefits of lower stress levels for overall health are well known , and it 's fair to argue , i think , that programs that contribute to a society 's sense of well being and security could very likely have an indirect positive effect on public health , and so would ultimately affect the bottom line as well . 
  the federal reserve is private like the usps is private , except that the government has people sitting on its board . 
  perhaps the same is true for the usps , but i 'm not sure . 
  same here . 
  only , i also find myself passing judgment on people who make mistakes that i only recently learned are mistakes . 
  for example , it 's only in the past year or so that i learned ( or re-learned , perhaps ) that `` everyday '' should only be used when referring to something that is commonplace , and that anything that happens daily is `` every day . '', 
  but when i see people making the mistake i still cringe and feel judgmental . 
  it 's something i have to be conscious of . 
  i did n't always have the command of grammar that i do now , and the people whose writing i see could very well be on their way to better grammar . 
  still , i hear you . 
  it 's particularly bad when people are passing judgment and using bad grammar in the process . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll check that out . 
  well , i do n't really appreciate your use of the term `` talking point '' to describe what i said . 
  personally , i reserve that label for cases where people have been fed information to repeat , and that is not the case here . 
  still , i do n't wish to split hairs over that , and i actually do appreciate your providing a source that is reputable and , as far as i can tell , disinterested . 
  that said , your source did not `` disprove '' my point . 
  it instead pointed out that the language used by some proponents of universal healthcare regarding the cost-saving aspect of preventive care is hyperbolic . 
  a paraphrase might be `` sometimes it saves money , sometimes it does n't . 
  the literature we studied indicated that overall , it breaks even . '', 
  it did n't compare costs before and after the implementation of universal healthcare , and it did n't use society-wide data .
