  it 's just that she does n't consider herself persian-american so much as just american . 
  her sister , on the other hand , fully embraces the identity . 
  so yeah , the issue with the term african-american ( especially when we 're talking about race ) is that it 's not a racial category . 
  people in this thread have even said obama is n't african-american `` in the sense of . 
  when african-american is precisely what he is , in whatever sense . 
  irish-americans and polish-americans , whether they choose to hyphenate that way or not , are still white . 
  the persian sisters i know are ethnically persian but have different senses of their respective `` persian-ness . '', 
  anyway , it 's a pretty big mess , really . 
  as an american living in the u.s. -- the land of blurred butt cracks , covered nipples , and people who dare not take pictures of their own kids at the beach for fear of what could happen to them -- i 'm not going to wag my finger too hard at this . 
  at least not until we are able to see why other people look at us and think we 're just as weird . 
  even your / s did n't do the trick , i see . 
  upvote for the effort . 
  i think you 're talking past each other . 
  i read your comment to mean that the bible was compiled by people in power to justify and perpetuate that position of power . 
  i take the response to mean that an important component of jesus 's teaching was one of empowerment for the meek , the weak , and the ignored . 
  from the standpoint of plain language you 're more `` correct '' here because the subject was the bible , which did n't exist as we know it in jesus 's time . 
  but i think i understand what both of you were trying to say . 
  generally i do n't prefer to spend an hour or more digging for scriptural references that few people will read and which people like you will dismiss regardless of their merit . 
  but if you really want to spar over this i will happily back up whatever you wish , if you 'd be willing to admit that you were wrong when i 'm finished . 
  edit : toned down response to ignorant comment . 
  i understand that 's your point , but u/jlipari said `` the bible is meant to empower the powerful '' and you said `` jesus said the exact opposite . '', 
  the problem with this from the standpoint of simple grammar is that it 's not possible , because the new testament did n't exist when jesus spoke . 
  so it 's really just a matter of logical impossibility that jesus could have said anything about old vs. new testament . 
  i do understand that jesus 's message was not one of empowering the powerful , but from what i understand from context , u/jlipari was n't making a statement about that . 
  to be honest , it 's hardly necessary to use the quotes you did to make your point , if you 're talking to someone who is n't determined from the outset to oppose it . 
  jesus 's entire ministry was an object lesson in opposing the very things modern american conservatives say they stand for . 
  his disciples were commoners with little money or influence . 
  his ministry was heavily concentrated among oppressed and ignored groups and individuals . 
  he went apeshit on the vendors who were turning profit at the temple . 
  and yes , virtually every word out of his mouth was a condemnation of `` institutionalized '' faith -- that is , the posturing and the public piety and the focus on the letter of the law over its spirit -- the empty gestures and lip service , generally . 
  fox news and the so-called conservative political movement in the u.s. is literally an embodiment of everything jesus spoke against . 
  and the funny thing is , they 'll say they 're for compassion and charity if the government is n't involved . 
  so they 're not willing to institutionalize the compassionate features of christianity . 
  but they 're more than happy to see elements of `` religion '' institutionalized , such as public prayer , courthouse monuments , and what have you . 
  the conservative movement here is unbelievably hypocritical in this regard . 
  tl ; dr : started as a couple of counterpoints and ended up becoming an explanation of how i came to become a so-called liberal . 
  i know you did n't ask for that , so sorry if it bothers you that i gave it to you anyway . 
  i appreciate your throwing a bone to the left , as it seems clear your own orientation is n't fully sympathetic to it . 
  i do n't wish to begin a protracted debate , but i 'd like to offer a response to your points , because i think the back-and-forth that goes on between people of different political leanings can involve `` out group '' misunderstandings ( one of the key ones being that everyone on one side of the fence wholly embraces everything that is put forth on that side ) . 
  -- the idea that bans on certain things can contribute to the greater good is in no way disproven , much less `` completely . '', 
  and i think you know that . 
  it can be counterproductive ( such as with alcohol and arguably marijuana ) and it can be arbitrary ( such as with rifle magazines of a certain size ) , but to say it 's completely disproven is pretty dishonest . 
  for example , although i believe we 've been over the top in our response to the child pornography problem , i do believe that keeping it illegal is a good thing . 
  as for guns , the australian measures toward increased control come to mind . 
  they had regular mass shootings at one point and brought the frequency down to zero or close to it through gun control . 
  -- sjw , from what i 've seen , is a pejorative term that people use to dismiss other people 's arguments without actually examining them . 
  i have no doubt that people take social justice issues too far sometimes . 
  the difficulty with these issues is that , because they 're experienced by `` identity groups '' and not everyone , getting people to empathize is pretty damn difficult . 
  when i still identified as a conservative i remember being so angry that i was being forced to take a `` perspectives '' course in college . 
  there was actually a diverse set of offerings in this area , but i decided to go for broke and take the one called gender , race , and class . 
  i pretty much hated the class , both for its offensiveness to my conservative sensibilities and for its objective , shitty , suckiness . 
  the * material * for the course had some range , though , and there were some books and essays that resonated . 
  the truth is that i came away from that class simultaneously relieved that the torture was over , and with the realization in the moments i was honest with myself that some of the things i dismissed as absolute bullshit at the outset were revealed to me as serious , real things that for the most part i just did n't * want * to be true because its truth would necessarily topple some long-held assumptions and that felt uncomfortable . 
  dissonance is never comfortable , so we 're by nature biased toward undue optimism . 
  we literally fool ourselves . 
  and that 's all of us , liberal and conservative . 
  and this is a good place to shortcut this thing to the overall point , which is an admission on my part that there * are * things liberals believe through dogmatism as opposed to research . 
  what we really mean when we claim our opinions are formed through research ( or what * i * think `` we '' mean ) is that it 's very often what we * do n't * believe , that is clear to us as well substantiated . 
  what we * do * believe is more complicated , because we have a built-in skepticism toward absolute claims , even though some of `` us '' make such claims ourselves where we should n't ( and do n't , when we should ) . 
  for me , the most freeing thing i 've experienced is learning to be * comfortable * with the fact that i am certainly wrong about some things , that i absolutely make incorrect assumptions about things i do n't know enough about to have earned the right to an opinion . 
  about . 
  ( * jesus christ , * what ? 
  this has gotten far too long . ), 
  what i 'm saying is , i 'm not afraid of being wrong anymore , which is why it 's sometimes frustrating , for me at least , to debate conservatives on some issues . 
  it 's intuitive for me now not to fear being wrong , so i usually forget to make that fact clear to someone i 'm having a discussion with . 
  and i 'm thinking to myself the whole time `` man , do n't you get that i 've come from a place where i thought the very same thing you do right now , when i made the very same arguments ? 
  i was * there * with you , and i left because i * learned * some things that it is pointless to share with you right now because you 're going to reject them . 
  i could come down from a mountain with stone tablets and a burning bush in the background and you are still going to reject what i say . '', 
  right , i think i have to wrap this thing up now . 
  hope it was useful in some way . 
  sounds like that pizza hut is as much of an attraction as the pyramids themselves . 
  metro areas have more people , of course , but it may also be that people in these areas use twitter more than in other places . 
  i do n't know this , i 'm just saying that it 's not necessary to conclude that people in the areas between care less , although to some degree it 's probably the case . 
  we have intercourse and blue ball in pennsylvania . 
  pretty sure if you miss one you end up in the other . 
  mind your meanors . 
  i suspect that some of the downvotes are coming from people who see you making the connection , but not showing that connection to be causal . 
  i do n't doubt that marijuana can be connected to criminal behavior or that it will be used to excess by some . 
  but i suspect that in many or most of the cases you 're referring to , marijuana is more a symptom , or a feature , than it is a causal factor . 
  no data , just what i suspect based on my reading over the years . 
  i do n't know why , but i ca n't read or think of this comment without losing my shit . 
  i think `` anti-lynch-mob-mentality '' is too often mistaken for `` pro-pedophile '' on reddit . 
  the truth is that not all pedophiles are sex offenders and not all sex offenders are pedophiles . 
  making this point to people who are wrong is not `` pro-pedophile . '', 
  it 's anti-ignorance . 
  that show was bullshit too , though . 
  he 'd tell the guy `` you 're free to go , '' the guy would walk outside , and then 3-4 guys would * tackle * him to the ground as if he were running away . 
  it was completely unnecessary and done only to pander to an audience full of mob justice boners . 
  i think there might be something about military life that lends itself to this sort of thing . 
  i was stationed in germany with the army in the early 90s , and there was this little post near us from which stories of wife swapping and orgies streamed almost constantly . 
  i was too young and naive to have actually been in the loop , but i was close enough to it to know the stories were n't made up . 
  i suspect it has something to do with the culture of having to make good , reliable friendships quickly in the military , as well as the transient nature of every situation and the relative youth of most of the people around you . 
  got it . 
  sounds like the right attitude . 
  if you 're relatively new to reddit , i should warn you that you might have a hard time making this argument around here . 
  the singular `` they '' is like a cancer on this site , and when you get into discussions about it ( or certain other points of grammar ) the linguistics 101 crowd comes out of the shadows like a pack of wolves to pound you into the ground with `` the singular ` they ' was used by shakespeare and has been part of our language for hundreds of years '' and blah , blah , blah . 
  what 's lost on this crowd is that people do n't generally want to know if they 'll go to hell for using a particular construction , or whether they 'll be * understood . 
  * people usually want to know what 's `` proper . '', 
  so it 's sometimes difficult to get the point across that yes , the singular `` they '' can be used when dancing around it is more awkward than using it , but it should be avoided where possible . 
  and then you end up with sentences here like `` i knew this girl who lost their purse and they had to get new credit cards . '',
