  if they package that news in stolen content then they 're wrong . 
  that package was * produced * by them . 
  it was an act of volition . 
  reddit sells access to discussion groups . 
  some of the traffic is driven by stolen content , but reddit did n't produce the content or otherwise act on its own volition to profit from it . 
  at least you admit when you do n't know something . 
  do n't think that punishment bit is correct . 
  if anything , it invalidates the agreement . 
  any agreement you 've seen where lying is punishable , is one for which a law was passed making it punishable . 
  legal agreements generally fall under contract law and do n't involve criminal sanctions . 
  lesson 1 : timestamps, 
  it was explained in many places already when i replied . 
  if the school is legally responsible , this has to be made clear in the lawsuit . 
  it 's 18 in a few states , 16 in most , i think . 
  lower in some . 
  what an age of consent of 16 means in many cases is that sexual contact with someone who is 16-17 wo n't get a person charged with a crime where consent was n't present . 
  a person might still get charged with `` corruption of a minor '' or something like that . 
  is n't that part of the war-making process ? 
  imagine tiny burgers in a box . 
  there 's no light in my vacuum whatsoever , so i guess this does n't apply to me . 
  or my vacuum , anyway . 
  i 'd forgotten that about connecticut and new england . 
  i live in pennsylvania now and we say `` shopping cart '' here . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's not * really * that good . 
  but it 's good enough that , combined with convenience and low cost , people can find it compelling . 
  i 've read that there are additives , too , that play a role in the `` addictive '' appeal of the food . 
  i do n't eat it , but i have in the past . 
  it 's easy to turn a one-time thing into a habit , so staying away and not being able to relate to it is the best way to be , i think . 
  yeah , my comment was neutral in that regard . 
  i have an orion 8 '' dob , and this is almost exactly what my first view of saturn looked like . 
  as you said , it does n't compare to the stuff that is often posted here , but it 's exciting as hell to see an object like this firsthand . 
  glad to see this !, 
  thanks for giving everyone in europe another reason to see us as ignorant douchebags . 
  i 'm happy we can see eye to eye on our assholes . 
  thank you . 
  these are quality contributions you 've made here , in my opinion . 
  anything viewed purely through the prism of ideology is going to strain credibility at some point , regardless of where the vantage point falls along the spectrum . 
  maybe this kind of sane analysis is the first step toward that flip you predicted . 
  it seems to me there 's a certain desperation in defending the indefensible . 
  i noticed it some 20 years ago , when i was in my 20s and was trying to reconcile the claims of fundamentalist christianity with the less urgent , less desperately defended claims made by the scientific community . 
  some of the right-wing claims made today strike me as similarly desperate . 
  i mean , if you ca n't bring yourself to concede that the free market does not and can not adequately address some of society 's legitimate concerns , you 're being intellectually dishonest ( and not necessarily intentionally so ) . 
  what i notice lately in my interactions with people on the right is that i am perfectly comfortable admitting where my preferred ideological stance ( left-leaning , to simplify ) breaks down , whereas i rarely find this willingness among the ranks of the right . 
  to me it 's a small but significant sign that the steam is running out of some of their arguments . 
  i 'm not yet certain why things have become so vitriolic and uncompromising . 
  i do n't understand why it 's so hard to say * yeah , i disagree with your point of view , but if you 'll meet me halfway , we can both walk away with something . 
  * i suspect it has a lot to do with our us-and-them political culture , but that 's another topic altogether i suppose . 
  i 'm going to practice what i preach here and object to this in the friendliest way i can . 
  i have two points to make :, 
  1 ) as a guy in his 40s , i think we 've seen enough to make some sober conclusions about policies favored on both sides of the aisle . 
  frankly , i do n't think that it 's a matter of which ideology is `` correct . '', 
  i think it 's a matter of whether a point is argued from ideology or from what is called for by the circumstances . 
  there are times when cutting taxes -- even for the rich -- is a good thing . 
  there are times when government is n't the answer to a problem . 
  and there are times when the opposite is true in both cases . 
  we get into trouble , i think , when we reflexively favor a position based on our ideological preference . 
  we do n't always have to wait years or decades to see the effects of certain policies , because there are examples around the world to help us . 
  we can look at failed social welfare experiments as well as highly successful ones , for example . 
  but we wo n't learn anything from either if we refuse to acknowledge the reality of one or the other . 
  2 ) i can see how it would be perceived otherwise , but `` the media '' is n't a monolithic entity that speaks with one voice . 
  to the extent that it seems ( or is measured to suggest ) otherwise , many plausible and often demonstrable reasons exist for that beyond having some ideological axe to grind . 
  * is * there an ideologically driven motive behind some reporting ? 
  it would be silly to deny that there is . 
  but it 's equally silly to take examples where this is true and project them onto the whole industry . 
  it 's a well-worn trope , but sometimes the facts * do * favor one side or the other . 
  sometimes the message is tailored to make the most money possible for the messenger . 
  sometimes people are lazy as opposed to agenda-driven . 
  for all the times you experience frustration from the right over the media 's portrayal of something , i assure you that i am somewhere complaining from the left about its characterization of some other thing . 
  we just see different motives . 
  so , to be clear , i 'm offering an alternative point of view to yours . 
  i 'm not impugning you for seeing things as you do , but rather making an attempt to share a view from a different angle . 
  is it standard protocol for the public to demand production of a birth certificate from a presidential candidate ? 
  i do not recall such a demand being made of john mccain , and he was n't even born in the us . 
  what made obama 's eligibility ambiguous ? 
  i 'm asking in earnest . 
  you say that we knew of mccain 's eligibility because of his years in the senate . 
  but obama was a senator too . 
  what clarification do we get from several terms that we do n't get from one ? 
  thanks . 
  i 've been trying to avoid the usual spiral these discussions often devolve into . 
  it 's just so unhelpful to keep doing that over and over , i think . 
  any productive discussion i 've ever seen has involved * some * sort of good-faith concession or gesture . 
  nobody is listening when they 're being attacked . 
  but i guess that 's my point . 
  illinois knew obama . 
  do people really think that illinois would have let such a glaring thing slip by ? 
  i just do n't see how there can be * that * much justified uncertainty about a person who got himself elected to the senate . 
  that 's the sort of thing i 'd expect to be aired at the level of a city council election . 
  and what reason would people have to further question the birth certificate * after * it had been shown ? 
  unless you actually believe his birth certificate * was * falsified , the answer is , these people were wrong . 
  so , being wrong , why did they have so much doubt ? 
  this is an example of people wanting to confirm a suspicion when there was n't really a reason to be suspicious . 
  well , look , we 're going to see this thing somewhat differently from each other , but i appreciate your keeping an even tone and explaining things without degrading the exchange . 
  this :, 
   how hard do you vet your own governor ? 
  if the state loves the person , if they do n't have many issues with him and are n't worried about how he 'll run the country , why would they go after him at all ? 
  means one thing to you and something else to me . 
  my answer is : i do n't . 
  why ?
