  i 'm sure there would be some volatility at first , but it would correct itself in a short time , i 'm sure . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** i buy hundreds of dollars worth of booze when i 'm in another state , not because i 'm a booze hound , but because our liquor laws are stupid and in other states i can get a better selection , with smaller sampling sizes , for less money , in one place . 
  if i can get all but the `` less money '' part for a time , i 'll take it . 
  i believe you said elsewhere in the thread that you work `` in the industry . '', 
  i 'm not saying i know for sure , but it * sounds * like you 're a state employee -- or at least someone whose livelihood is tied to the current system . 
  i 'm sympathetic to that . 
  i would support a change that makes the landing as soft as it can possibly be for people affected by privatization . 
  but but i 've never heard anything but complaints about our system from general consumers who live here , as well as from people passing through who ca n't make sense of how ridiculously , stupidly inconvenient it is to buy alcoholic beverages here . 
  i would n't feel completely threatened just yet , though . 
  the state needs booze money so bad , it 'd be a cold day in hell before we get a commonsense policy . 
  this issue is actually a really interesting study in the lengths to which people will make tortured arguments in favor of something that makes no damn sense , because the system is so entrenched and people 's livelihoods depend on it . 
  interestingly , the `` philosophical '' argument against beer in grocery stores is coming from . 
  beer distributors , of course . 
  who else would worry about the public health than people who sell beer by the case ? 
  good luck . 
  well , this is one of those issues that transcend traditional party politics . 
  i agree that all the economic interests will be ( if they 're not already ) lining up to get their slice of the pie . 
  i have no quarrel with * wolf . 
  * i have a problem with the ridiculous hole this state has dug itself through its reliance on these revenues . 
  i think we missed an opportunity to shift it over to gambling when that got legalized . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're talking about with selection , though . 
  i was recently in md and i spent stupid money going through the shelves of a liquor store because i could buy single bottles and four-packs of beer that i just wanted to try . 
  they were certainly priced better than these fake `` restaurants '' in pa that have a hot dog menu so they can legally sell single bottles . 
  and i thought the selection was wider overall , personally . 
  what they really should do is shift that flood tax to something else and then wash their hands of the liquor business . 
  they should get in the pot business , too -- which is something i think will happen eventually , too , for no other reason than the money . 
  it 's not much , really . 
  find a 5-gal corny keg on craigslist or something . 
  i paid $ 50 for mine . 
  then you 'll need a co2 tank , a regulator , and the proper fittings . 
  i sprung a bit for my regulator because i wanted two outputs . 
  i think that was about $ 50 too . 
  you 'll need some tubing and some hose clamps . 
  the co2 canister will run more than usual the first time because you 're paying for the bottle , but after that you 're only paying for the co2 itself . 
  different sizes for different prices . 
  i do n't remember what i paid for mine , but my refills are $ 20-something . 
  my bottle is biggish , and the co2 lasts forever , so i only need a refill once in a blue moon . 
  best thing to do , i think , is get the proper fittings for a corny keg * and * a standard keg . 
  that way you can carbonate and dispense your own brews , and hook up a purchased keg of beer between brews . 
  i did n't start with kegs to save money . 
  ;-) it 's all worth it as far as i 'm concerned . 
  at this point i 'm far more forgiving of people who conflate social democracy with democratic socialism , because that seems like an honest mistake , and it does n't involve bastardizing fundamentals on a grand scale . 
  ( i also do n't think anyone is pushing such a misunderstanding as a form of propaganda . ), 
  but this thing with lumping nazism and communism together on the so-called left is something i ca n't abide . 
  it strikes me as the product of something more nefarious than a misunderstanding much of the time . 
  you know , tone can be lost in translation even when someone speaks the `` other '' language well . 
  with fellow english speakers , the difference between sarcasm and genuine self-deprecation can be slight . 
  it 's possible you said everything right , but did n't convey a subtlety in your tone . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  this made me laugh , but no . 
  i thought `` this seems kinda cool , yeah '' until i got to the wtf at the end . 
  then i noticed his username . 
  good point . 
  in late fall through the winter , the garage is just the right temperature for keeping kegs . 
  during the other months i 've been using my deep freezer with a regulator . 
  so yeah , i do n't have a sustainable year-round solution yet -- nothing fancy . 
  i 've been looking into it , but it 's been a backburner issue for me compared to the other irons i have in the fire . 
  thanks for the info . 
  this would be a good starting point for any attempt to get to the bottom of it , i suppose . 
  i never even knew it was a thing until i became active on reddit . 
  it 's amazing what people can get away with when they have a receptive audience . 
  booties and gloves , man . 
  just hand 'em out at the immigration checkpoint . 
  ever heard of spf 10,000 ? 
  a real-life pok\u00e9mon , i 'm willing to bet . 
  now that is one badass fucking title . 
  `` protector of planets , '' fuck yeah . 
  edit : of course , i also picked up a douglas adamsesque image of the protector of planets sitting in an office cubicle as part of a massive bureaucracy that has forgotten its purpose for being . 
  she sits there , stamping papers with approval or disapproval , the fate of civilizations hinging on whether the long form or the short form was filed , due dates , and so on . 
  now that 's just crazy talk . 
  nice attention to detail !, 
  seriously , though , i do n't know where it came from , but there 's an anti-boomer circlejerk at least on reddit , and it 's bizarre . 
  somehow people imagine this massive demographic collectively * agreeing * on something , first of all . 
  and on what , then ? 
  oh , just making shit generally difficult for future generations , i guess . 
  it 's a ridiculously misinformed point of view . 
  edit : you 're welcome to offer a counterpoint if you think i 'm wrong . 
  every person i 've seen bashing boomers on reddit has been woefully misinformed about the subject . 
  i was totally being serious . 
  out here on the east coast we call it punch buggy . 
  what the fuck just happened here ? 
  ahh , got it . 
  there seemed to be just the right mix of the believable and the unbelievable in his statements . 
  first of all , reddit is a fairly youthful bunch overall -- youthful enough to buy into the idea that the parent of a 27-year-old would be `` old '' enough to unironically spout off archie-bunkeresque ideas . 
  i have a 23-year-old daughter myself , and this guy sounded * maybe * like someone from * my * parents ' generation . 
  more like someone from * their * parents ' generation -- like the actual archie bunker , for example . 
  second , the guy is already taking a thrashing from the sub , and * then * he starts escalating his rhetoric . 
  i 'm not talking about entrenching himself , which is what many people do online , but actually feeding the lions more meat , as with his perfectly ridiculous suggestion that `` women do n't have to work , '' throwing religion into the mix just because , unnecessarily bringing his own deceased wife 's behavior into the picture , and so on . 
  in fact op 's mo reminded me of radio 's greatest troll , [ phil hendrie ] ( http://www.philhendrieshow.com/ ) . 
  hendrie has `` guests '' on his show ( they 're all really him ) who start off talking about something completely boring , and then gradually start throwing out tidbits of stuff that gets increasingly offensive . 
  people call the show absolutely incensed at these `` guests . '', 
  finally , the op sounds more like a caricature than a genuine person . 
  sure , there are people who think the way this character expressed himself , but they do n't usually lay out * every * backward thing about themselves in the space of one interaction . 
  that 's my 2 cents . 
  a comment i made in the srd thread :, 
  there seemed to be just the right mix of the believable and the unbelievable in his statements . 
   first of all , reddit is a fairly youthful bunch overall -- youthful enough to buy into the idea that the parent of a 27-year-old would be `` old '' enough to unironically spout off archie-bunkeresque ideas . 
  i have a 23-year-old daughter myself , and this guy sounded * maybe * like someone from my parents ' generation . 
  more like someone from their parents ' generation -- like the actual archie bunker , for example . 
   second , the guy is already taking a thrashing from the sub , and then he starts escalating his rhetoric .
