  i know this question is similar to a few than have gone around , but i 'm speaking specifically of those products you ca n't find in stores . 
  my best example is [ my pillow ] ( http://www.mypillow.com/my-pillow-premium/standard-queen-mypillow-premium.html ) . 
  the infomercial for this thing was ridiculous , and it made me curious . 
  but i 'm not dropping 90 bucks to test their claims . 
  that 's why i 'm asking you !, 
  i 'm talking about people who work remotely -- where physical proximity to the employer ( or client ) is immaterial . 
  i currently work as a `` freelancer '' for one large client , and while i love setting my own hours and working from home , i ca n't get over the vulnerable feeling that comes with having only one client . 
  i 'm curious to know just how large the group of people working this way is , and what options there are to broaden my client base or find something similar with a bit more security . 
  freelancing leaves me ineligible for unemployment benefits should something go wrong , and that just adds to the vulnerability of serving at the whim of the client . 
  i would be considered a technical writer or copywriter ( or technical copywriter ) , but i 'm interested to hear about any remote work people are doing . 
  i 've seen enough talk around the internet to conclude that there are others who 've had my experience , but not quite enough to establish that the cables are faulty . 
  i 'm using a ps3 . 
  the first few days i played with minimal noise . 
  now there 's a constant hiss when i play and i can only guess it 's the cable . 
  but i got a with-cable software package on amazon and i 'm not sure how to return just the cable . 
  anyway , i 'm wondering how many people out there have had similar problems . 
  i 've had some white labs liquid yeast in my fridge for awhile . 
  i just did n't get to brewing as soon as i thought i would . 
  the yeast is marked best used by 1-12 , so i 'm wondering if anyone has had a positive experience using slightly older yeast . 
  i 'm looking to raise my setup 's level of sophistication a notch , and i 'm placing a lot of emphasis on my wort chilling method . 
  right now i use an immersion chiller , but i do n't use it as intended . 
  i run the wort * through * it while i agitate the coil in an ice bath . 
  it 's very effective . 
  one run gets me from near boiling to pitching temp . 
  so why complain ? 
  because all that agitating and stirring of ice water is a pain in the ass , that 's why . 
  i want to get a pump and run the wort through the most efficient chiller i can find , and [ this one ] ( http://www.midwestsupplies.com/convoluted-counter-flow-wort-chiller.html ) seems pretty fancy . 
  but i also do n't want to dump 200 bucks on something that will deliver mediocre results and make me wish i 'd just stuck with freezing hands and gravity flow . 
  so , any experience with this thing , or anything like it ? 
  any words of wisdom ? 
  i asked a question in here a few days ago about using liquid yeast that was a few weeks past the `` best used by '' date and was advised to make a starter . 
  two things i did wrong : 1 ) i did n't look up the proper way to make a starter and just went from rough memory . 
  all i ended up doing was let the yeast sit in some recently cooled wort for about an hour before pitching . 
  2 ) the wort chilling method i use worked a little too well this time and when complete , the cooled wort was about 55 degrees f. i decided not to let the wort warm up before pitching , because i reasoned that the yeast had been chilling up to this point , so there certainly would n't be any * harm * done by pitching right away . 
  hindsight tells me i was just being impatient and that i had n't planned properly . 
  so , confessions of ill deeds out of the way , what can the experienced among you say about what i should do to get fermentation going ? 
  it 's been two days and there does n't seem to be any activity in the fermenter -- no bubbling to be sure , but also no * visible * activity inside when i crack the lid to check . 
  i 'd appreciate your suggestions . 
  thanks !, 
  this question occurred to me the other night as i was thinking about how so many prejudices have been combated ( some with more success than others ) through education , whether formal or by other means . 
  ( the more you know ! ), 
  and i 've learned from browsing reddit for several months that there are topics discussed here quite freely and without shame that are still not fair game for polite conversation . 
  some of that has to do with the relative anonymity people have in internet forums like this one , of course , but some of it has to do with people becoming better informed through amas , this subreddit , and others . 
  so it led me to wonder what you , the people of reddit at large , think about existing social taboos and stigmas and how they comport with what you have learned here or elsewhere , with the assumption that what you know is more nuanced and informed than what society in general does . 
  in other words , what social stigmas or taboos would likely not exist if everyone knew what you do ? 
  my memory is hazy concerning this . 
  it seems to me that this practice is more-or-less recent , but i could be wrong . 
  in any case , it strikes me as somehow childish and petty . 
  i mean , the state of the union is a constitutionally mandated address required of an elected president , not an opening salvo in a debate . 
  moreover , the `` response '' advances the false notion that there are only two points of view in our political discourse . 
  and it does so without providing a benefit outside of giving some people the satisfaction of hearing what they want to hear after sitting through a speech made by someone they do n't like . 
  i 'm just wondering if this practice is older than i imagine , and while i 'm asking the question i 'll throw in the editorial comment that , in my opinion , allowing the `` rebuttal '' does more to advance a farcical depiction of the american political system than its apparent goal of `` giving both sides a voice . '', 
  i weighed in on a discussion in / r/explainlikeimfive today concerning this issue and i offered what i considered to be sound advice in a reasonable tone that acknowledged the validity of opposing viewpoints , yet most of my comments were downvoted . 
  in a nutshell , i said that while some sources will give the practice a pass , it 's something that should generally be avoided . 
  the issue hinged on the prescriptive vs. the descriptive perspective . 
  some of the permissive opinions in this thread drove me absolutely batshit . 
  now , i * really * do n't have a problem admitting that i 'm wrong . 
  i usually go out of my way to hear out opinions that differ from my own . 
  but something about the tone of this thread struck me as way off base . 
  so here i am , asking for your point of view on the matter . 
  i 'm new to this subreddit , so i 'm not sure what i 'm getting into . 
  if i 'm wrong i 'm wrong . 
  i just thought that perhaps there might be some people here more qualified to weigh in on the issue than the people who commented in that thread , including me . 
  [ here ] ( http://redd.it/1xfkwa ) is a link to the discussion . 
  thanks for your opinions on this . 
  edit : well thanks to you all for chiming in and helping me out with this . 
  i see that here , as well as in the thread that prompted me to come here , there is some controversy over the question . 
  i also see that some of you go beyond acceptance , to the point of advocacy . 
  i still lean toward the position that a few of you take , which is to avoid it when possible and when the alternative is n't even more awkward . 
  but i 've learned that it 's far from an absolute no-no , and so i appreciate what you 've done here . 
  [ i was about 3-1/2 . 
  i just wanted to feed the fish . 
  the bread expanded and they all died . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  do n't get me started , i 'll just babylon about it . 
  once upon a time i was `` the guy who knows computers , '' and while i 'm not completely clueless , the amount of stuff that 's going on today with latest-generation windows and constant connectivity has left me out of the loop . 
  years ago , if your hard drive was grinding a lot it often meant that you did n't have enough system memory . 
  on several occasions i fixed that problem with a simple memory upgrade , and it all made sense to me . 
  the laptop i use now -- a desktop replacement unit , primarily for work -- has 16gb of ram installed . 
  at any given time , the task manager shows the amount of system memory used as somewhere between 30 and 50 percent or so , and yet as i perform various tasks , my hard drive grinds away , sometimes forcing me to wait 20 + uncomfortable seconds or so while it conducts whatever business it has to conduct . 
  i 've checked the task manager during these moments , and disk usage will be 99-100 % . 
  the processes causing that activity vary , though . 
  sometimes it 's word or one of the browsers i 'm using , sometimes it 's `` system . '', 
  now , granted , i keep a lot of crap open at one time . 
  i usually have three different browsers open with several windows and scores of tabs open in each one , as well as other applications such as adobe reader , word , excel , and a few odds and ends . 
  but this is why i have 16gb of ram !, 
  and it 's not even being used up !, 
  can anyone enlighten me as to why this may be happening , and what steps i can take , if any , to mitigate it . 
  i 'd like my laptop to operate like you 'd expect it to with the hardware it has . 
  here are what i think are the relevant specs :, 
  samsung series 3 np350e7c-a01us, 
  intel 3rd generation core i7-3630qm 2.4 ghz, 
  16gb of something-or-other ( it 's the appropriate type , whatever it is ), 
  thanks for your help . 
  i 'll do my best to provide any additional information needed to make sense of this . 
  a weird thing has come up and i 'm not sure what can be done without getting into a huge , costly process . 
  i really appreciate any direction someone with knowledge can offer . 
  my brother shares custody of his daughter with a woman who recently fled her home and is seeking a pfa against her husband ( not my brother ) . 
  the custody agreement favors my brother during the school year ( m-f with him , weekends with the mother ) , and the mother during the summer ( m-f with her , weekends with my brother ) . 
  both parties remain under a heavy financial burden from the cost of the agreement , and so a protracted renegotiation is out of the question for them .
