  it 's like that monty python sketch where the old woman goes on about everyday stuff and then casually makes some horrible statement about the jews . 
  well then i hope she finds twins . 
  yes , if you want to say something like `` at the zoo , one can find ducks . '', 
   i just do n't believe it . 
  finally , the confirmation i 've been looking for !, 
  wait , wait , wait . 
  i upvoted your original comment because i do n't believe there 's anything to gain from being dishonest about how we do politics in this country . 
  you could point out something that raises your ire about the obama administration and i could find some republican doing the equivalent , and vice-versa , ad infinitum . 
  it 's completely unproductive and it all amounts to a hill of shit in the end . 
  but do n't be silly . 
  congressional hearings are used to get to the bottom of things -- particularly when something unlawful is suspected . 
  we can criticize obama all day long for being what we might call * unprincipled * in this case . 
  but there 's nothing * unlawful * about prosecuting someone under the * law . 
  * it 's behavior worthy of criticism , but dude . 
  i know washington seems like a circus at times , but there 's nothing to have hearings about here . 
  my take would favor `` sensationalist '' over `` wacko . '', 
  it 's commonly referred to as an `` angle , '' but there are clever angles , stupid angles -- every possible kind of angle . 
  i would call this one piss-poor . 
  it speaks to people who are already `` in on the conversation , '' and it 's fine in that context . 
  it 's more like the kind of observation one might make at the * end * of a discussion of her story . 
  as a headline for a raw news piece , it 's pretty irresponsible . 
  i would n't be surprised if this sort of thing is encouraged at huffpo , though . 
  i ca n't imagine what that must have sounded like coming from a beatboxing parakeet . 
  the same phrasing in german means 11:30 . 
  got it . 
  yeah , it 's done differently from one culture to the next . 
  i 'm not surprised people get confused . 
  oh , do n't even * go * there , girlfriend . 
  do you have any evidence that official claims are false ? 
  edit : drive-by downvoter apparently has nothing to share . 
  right , and that 's fine . 
  i do n't know or even really care who did it myself . 
  i 'm like everyone else in that i do n't believe government claims blindly . 
  but for a deception to have occurred , some other pieces of the puzzle have to fit together . 
  i see no reason to * disbelieve * a government claim if doing so tortures reason . 
  then you have occam 's razor and all that . 
  here are some of the pieces i think would have to be in place for the government 's claim to be false :, 
  1 ) the government would have to have a motive for blaming a foreign government instead of what it knows to be the truth . 
  there would have to be something to gain from it . 
  to this point i 've seen no action taken on the part of the government that it uses the incident to justify * and * which it would have had a more difficult time doing if the incident had n't occurred . 
  2 ) the interests of the u.s. government and sony pictures would have to be somehow aligned , and i ca n't think of a reason why they would be in this case . 
  why would sony pictures take an ass pounding from a former employee for the sake of letting the fbi blame north korea ? 
  if i were in charge at sony i 'd want the guy 's head served to me on a platter with his nutsack tied in a bow around it . 
  anytime two powerful actors with diverging interests are said to be working together -- especially on an endeavor from which neither party benefits greatly -- i put on my skeptic 's hat . 
  perhaps if we were looking for an excuse to do something shitty to north korea this would make sense . 
  but we 're not , apparently . 
  if they 'd blamed iran , maybe . 
  but then it would still be a pretty dumb choice of an incident to manufacture . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying i know better , but i 'm just not seeing what there would be to gain from a deliberate deception , either for sony pictures or the u.s. government . 
  nah , i 'm going with parakeet . 
  gold and white . 
  and that 's fair . 
  i do n't think you 're nuts or anything like that . 
  i just do n't think that there 's a * reason * to assume that the fbi is deliberately lying in the absence of the factors that make that scenario plausible . 
  and i think that if it were their cluelessness , you 'd have sony pictures shitting up a storm to get after the person or people who did it . 
  i 'm not saying i know * better * or that the government never lies . 
  i 'm just saying that if security experts have valid questions , then until we have answers that 's all they are : questions . 
  and personally , i think that * those * questions are less bizarre than the questions we 'd be left to ask if the government 's line * were * false . 
  frankly , the government line is egg on the faces of both sony pictures * and * the government itself , so the payoff would have to be pretty big to go down this road , and i ca n't see what that payoff could possibly be . 
  it 's certainly possible that it was n't north korea . 
  but if that 's the case , then reality is even more bizarre than the one implied by the official story , which is pretty damn bizarre to begin with . 
  edit : grammers . 
  gohd . 
  do we even have bulls in our wilds ? 
  i just do n't want to run into one inadvertently . 
  that * was * the trick . 
  it was n't a pokemon deck to begin with !, 
  * da-dummmmmm *, 
  [ takes bow ], 
  thank you for participating . 
  i 'm sure this will persuade you to rethink your stance on magic . 
  also , i forgot what this thread was about , but that 's okay . 
  some really interesting questions raised by your story are : 1 ) do you see these things as sexual assault today because you 're wiser , or because you 're no longer inside the culture that did not see them that way ? 
  and 2 ) if both the `` perpetrator '' and `` victim '' fail to see the acts as abusive , whose perceptions ought to apply to the situation ? 
  it 's a really interesting thing to consider . 
  we see cultural differences on a larger scale all the time , and some of them cross into territory we consider objectively bad ( say , for example , the plight of women in saudi arabia ) , but some of them are harder to pin down ( such as the way people in europe let their kids run around naked on the beach up to an age we 'd consider horrifying in the u.s. , or their low drinking age ) . 
  people suffer huge consequences for these differences in perception . 
  i do n't know what happened to your buttfinger friend , but i would n't be surprised if some of the same people who might have laughed at an anecdotal telling of his story , looked down on the guy in judgment after charges were officially brought against him . 
  i 'm not saying it 's okay to ram your finger up someone 's butt in the shower , but it 's not as if context plays no role . 
  doctors do it , and we do n't particularly like it when they do . 
  but a finger up the butt is only a sexual assault when it 's a sexual assault . 
  it 's not always clear what the `` right '' thing to do is , in cases like this . 
  this sounds 100 % reasonable to my ears . 
  thanks for responding so thoroughly . 
  so , no poetry then ? 
  so is `` get fuckin ' hyped ! '', 
  the new `` yes we can !, 
  thank you for screwing my life up with another subreddit . 
  dude , serious ? 
  lancaster is more republican than kennebunkport , me . 
  good for you !, 
  also , i do n't have an answer to your question . 
  wow . 
  i hope you 're not the only one out there . 
  that area might take some extra effort . 
  hey , bernie did it too , so there 's that . 
  i 'm sure he had to hold his nose . 
  edit : autocrekt . 
  well if you 're gon na put it like * that * . 
  i 'm in .
