looks more like a far-sighted olde-timey locomotive engineer who lost his glasses . 
  i went to one in hamburg ( i forget what is was called ) a few years ago and i thought it was awesome . 
  i was however super high . 
  unclesneakyfingers is being a cock , but i resent that no history comment . 
  we 're sadly just shit at preserving any of it . 
  need to increase the amount of usable indoor space from a given plot of land ? 
  i 'm on a train , reading comments . 
  its ok i suppose . 
  you 're goddamned right it is . 
  i just got out of the meeting where we all decided that we should shoot down a passenger jet and blame it on your buddy putin . 
  the coffee was a little weak , but they had sandwiches , which was nice of them to provide . 
  everyone i know was at that meeting . 
  so you are exactly right , my crimean friend , america did this . 
  obama did this . 
  i shook his hand at the meeting , we had a beer , had a grand old time and all that . 
  sorry for the missiles , but hey , what can you do ? 
  you were n't invited to the meeting . 
  whatever you say , fondles . 
  you do n't need a fucking bachelors degree to figure out that if something got hit by this tram it would be forced down underneath it . 
  shapes and stuff man , shapes . 
  its not difficult . 
  the united states worked great for a time . 
  a bicameral legislature with both the people 's representatives and the state governments representatives getting equal power to stop a law from being passed addressed both demands from the early 13 states of our union . 
  the people got the house of representatives , which holds the power over the purse , meaning the states did n't have enough power to give themselves everything they wanted , and the senate made sure that new laws did n't encroach on their rights as sovereign entities . 
  then , in misguided populist furor , we passed an amendment which changed the senate elections to popular vote , and since 1913 , we 've seen the federal government grow in size and scope , spend money they did n't have , and steal powers away from the states . 
  we are federalist in name only , at the mercy of the shitlord scumsucker bastards that get elected to congress due to misdrawn electoral districts who only leave powers to the states out of their own good will ( which is lacking ) . 
  the us is a grand example for sure , a grand example of what did work , and what did n't . 
  for fucks sake , do n't copy us . 
  learn from us , because we 're pretty fucked up . 
  they were . 
  prior to the us constitution as we know it , american states were loosely confederated . 
  the central confederate government had now power to raise and army , levy taxes , or legislate really much of anything . 
  the constitutional convention lasted four months , and in that time the delegates spent almost all of the time arguing over representation , and more importantly the scope of power afforded to the federal government . 
  early drafts gave the federal government almost unlimited power . 
  this did n't last long . 
  states back then had their own * money * , let alone laws , taxes , and regulations . 
  they sure as fuck were n't just going to give all that up . 
  please , for the love of fuck , if the eu ever becomes a stronger union , a federalised union , learn from our mistakes ( ones america will have to live with for a while , since everyone here thinks the constitution is gospel ) . 
  the states as individual powers died when our second legislative house stopped getting elected by them , and personally i think its a damn shame ( i 'd say i 'm as leftist as most americans come , but i believe federalism is the best way to handle large government ) . 
  now a days , state governments pretty much handle education , driving licenses , local taxes , gun laws , and that about it . 
  some states allow fireworks , which is pretty cool i guess . 
  [ http://www.scribd.com/doc/22775440/cocom-lists-1985] ( http://www.scribd.com/doc/22775440/cocom-lists-1985 ) heavy legalese , but if you can read it , it seems to be pretty strict on the types of items embargoed . 
  check il 1565 . 
  [ there is also this archived nyt article . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1989/07/19/business/in-shift-us-eases-computer-exports-to-eastern-bloc.html ), 
  please try not to judge us all for the stupidity of one . 
  electronic ballots in the us are n't exactly widespread . 
  in my county i have a choice , and i always choose paper for all the reasons outlined by the other replies to your comment . 
  i fill in a little bubble with a marker , scanned by a machine , if anything fishy happens it can been easily interpreted by a human . 
  i ca n't see a downside , especially not those seen with shitty diebold machines that most us elections use . 
  i 'm interested in the tax break/incentive stuff for startups . 
  i 've got a few ideas mulling around and just about to come into a small by adequate amount of capital . 
  this is why i drink . 
  einsam in europa was hilarious . 
  what are the sources for all the images in the gif ? 
  can confirm . 
  2.5 mbps up , 400kbps down . 
  its torture . 
  thankfully my work/university has something pretty close to gigabit . 
  if he opens his big mouth again its lampshade time !, 
  in my experience this is very true . 
  i 'm from chicago , and if i drive south about an hour or so , i see nothing but corn fields . 
  two hours and i feel like i 'm in alabama . 
  the accent , the beliefs , the lifestyle , all insanely different than what i experience on a day to day basis . 
  and that 's not even crossing a border . 
  people in montana are way different than those in massachusetts . 
  again , barring language , flag , and anthem , maybe holidays . 
  at my university the faculty just went on strike because the starting wage for non-tenured faculty was $ 30k a year . 
  i can make more being a shift manager at a pizza hut , and these are people with ph.ds in their respective fields which means they likely have near $ 100k in student loan debt . 
  and i do n't go to uni in a cheap city . 
  it 's fucking criminal . 
  with you on that . 
  its massively inflated as it is , not even counting all the waste in that number . 
  the pentagon bleeds money , spending it all on pipe-dream bloat projects that wo n't ever produce anything useful . 
  there 's a lot of room for cuts in our military budget . 
  it also helped that spacecraft are basically missiles with humans at the top instead of plutonium . 
  knowledge gained in the space race made the nuclear arms race possible . 
  if only humanity could do cool shit without the implicit desire to kill other people as motivation . 
  this phenomenon also happens in america quite a lot , though a bit in the opposite direction . 
  because of our history as an immigrant nation , `` where are you from ? '', 
  almost always means `` what is your ancestry ? 
  '' , but in my eyes , i 'm so far removed from my european ancestry its stupid to say `` i 'm greek , german , and english . '', 
  i 'm not . 
  i was born in america , i was raised here , i went to school here . 
  but when i tell someone `` i 'm american dumb-dumb , listen to my accent '' i get funny looks and a few you-know-what-i-means . 
  yeah a good rule of thumb is to subtract anywhere from $ 1k - $ 2k from yearly income for health insurance . 
  on average at least . 
  plus , since even in most larger cities public transit sucks , another few thousand for a car and all its associated costs . 
  not to mention ohio has completely disappeared . 
   apparently there was some canard about maidan activists drinking `` drugged tea '' and then attacking the police while being high on it . 
  funny , i have n't seen you at any of the meetings . 
  as if better airbags are the only new safety feature developed in the last ten years . 
  what about brakes ? 
  what about pedestrian detection radar systems ? 
  night vision systems ? 
  computers which will automatically apply the brakes when there 's something in front of it ? 
  blind-spot detection systems ? 
  what about body design ? 
  all those poofy looking hoods/bonnets are designed to mitigate sudden deceleration of a pedestrians body in the event of a collision . 
  instead of your head deforming the hood 1cm , and then smashing into the engine , there are gaps up to 10cm .
