  i do n't know about you but i 'd rather bash my head into sheet metal than a solid intake manifold . 
  there are citroens and jags which increase this hood/engine clearance by 6.5 cm in the event of a crash . 
  bumper design also plays heavily into how badly a pedestrian gets injured . 
  does none of that factor into how many pedestrian/cyclist/motorcyclist deaths there are every year ? 
  even the us has gun regulations . 
  just lax ones . 
  our `` science '' education in public schools consists of memorizing facts and doing pointless laboratory experiments . 
  it plays out more like really shitty job training ( eg , this is how you fill out a lab report ) , rather than teaching the discipline of the scientific method and rational thought . 
  the scientific method is usually briefly discussed at the beginning of a class , but only for memorization purposes . 
  i 'd say from my experience there are a lot of americans with little to zero critical thinking skills . 
  were you the guy who went and stuffed his lamborghini into a mountainside after they went ? 
  take a look at / r/iwantout, 
  everyone calm down !, 
  if you like your coffee black and your beer dark , you 'll love salt licorice . 
  we call grass carpet sod . 
  no one buys sod unless construction work or intense heat has destroyed all of the grass and it wo n't grow back . 
  at my house we collect and mulch the leaves that fall from the 4 or 5 large mature trees we have on our property . 
  then we use that to cover our vegetable garden in the winter , and its then mixed into the dirt come spring time . 
  some towns have a street sweeping program where you can blow the leaves out into the street and a street sweeper will come by and suck them all up . 
  all in all my family does n't give the typical american amounts of shit over our lawn . 
  it dies in spots because it dries out , we have weeds and shit everywhere , and we just could n't give a damn . 
  we clean up our leaves a because its awesome fertilizer for a garden , and b , as a courtesy to other houses in the neighborhood . 
  its also really annoying having to walk through a bunch of crunchy dry leaves and track them into the house ( and we do take our shoes off at my house ) . 
  and although its illegal , burning leaves smells really fucking good and is a great way to start a bonfire . 
  reality tv was pretty much invented in europe anyways . 
  we should be mad at them . 
  you could learn a lot of what not to do from us and our crappy constitution . 
  its pretty great and all but i get this impression that regard for human life just is n't too high up on the priorities list . 
  if you can stomach that you can make a shit load of money !, 
  this might be true but i remember recess was always more fun than being forced to play fucking kickball . 
  and i was a fat lazy little shit kid . 
   you celebrate halloween and thanksgiving the same way in florida as you in texas and oregon . 
  this is n't strictly true . 
  we understand the extent of the states power quite well actually . 
  we fought a big and very bloody war over it in the mid 1800s . 
  the american civil war was primely about states rights and the scope of power granted to the federal government , not slavery ( though that was the spark that lit the fuse ) . 
  big federal government won . 
  that said , i do n't understand why so many americans shove the constitution around in europe 's face and say `` see it works so well , try some of this out !! '', 
  when in reality the absolutely horrific political problems we deal with are directly caused by it . 
  our system is shit , written by a bunch of rich white men who were in a rush , 250 years ago , and hardly changed since . 
  our model is inappropriate for us , let alone anyone else . 
   us can get their 2 . class troops out of here lol, 
  casimir pulaski day is only celebrated in illinois . 
  one example but there are many more holidays that are only observed in one or a few states . 
  and loud chewers . 
  i 'm glad it all melted !, 
  as someone shivering their bones during a cold wave in chicago , that sounds goddamned excellent . 
   even america who have no culture and no history have a north south divide where an element of the south would like independance . 
  no culture ? 
  no history ? 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  what about gumbo ? 
  dude , have you seen some of the conditions in latin america ? 
  it 's not exactly fucking peace and peaches down there . 
  honduras is the murder capital of the world ( a title oft bestowed upon our fair city ) . 
  that 's because it was n't a widely used term outside of fetish porn until about a month ago . 
  i hate it when my dong gets all soggy . 
  we use both interchangeably . 
  edit : though in typical german fashion , kabelbinder is a much better word . 
  what does it do ? 
  it binds cables . 
  that 's because we give a driving license to anyone with a beating heart and one working eye . 
  driving tests in my state ( administered by the government ) consist of driving slowly around a parking lot , parking , and reversing in a straight line . 
  you have to do this only if you fail the test at your high school , which is relatively difficult ( though still probably a cakewalk compared to a european test ) . 
  i 'm so offended . 
  wait until you hear from my lawyers you sick fuck . 
  you do n't mess with the saxman in chief . 
  to be fair , what he had was fucking golden . 
  most carriers are going to want you to pay at least $ 70 to match the plans from the post ( 1000 + minutes , unlimited sms , 5gb data ) . 
  but i pay $ 35 to t-mobile , prepaid , for 5gb , unlimited sms , and 200 minutes . 
  but t-mobile has some of the worst coverage in the us . 
  t-mobile also has an $ 80 unlimited everything plan too . 
  it 's been getting better over the years , especially as t-mobile is pushing hard to decrease prices and all the other corporatist bullshit the other companies pull . 
  i remember when 2gb of data was a guaranteed $ 90 a month . 
  [ though sometimes ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvgkczigsz0 ), 
  i 'd honestly take that over the constant stream of `` i 'm sorry to interrupt but i just need a few moments of your time to tell you my obviously fake sob story pls gib de monies '' we get in chicago . 
  there are people in the us dying of poverty and starvation too . 
  will you take them ? 
  can you carry a bow around in public ? 
  just imagining some urban robin hood riding the u-bahn with a bow and quiver . 
  fucked up ? 
  he wore a slightly distasteful shirt , he did n't run someone over with his car . 
  unionized vs unionized, 
  yeah if my house burned down or something and a friend let me stay on their couch for free , i 'm not sure i 'd have reason to be mad if i get kicked out for shitting on the stove . 
  there 's no shame in hitting a man in his beanbag . 
  it is . 
  that folding stock makes it scary and therefore bad . 
  satire or not , [ fuck yeah ] ( http://imgur.com/x9dlci9 ) but for real , :(, 
  there 's so many hamburgs in america . 
  inter-city rail only makes sense in the us if we approach it from a regional view , rather than a national one . 
  anything less than 500mi or so , i think the train can present itself as a viable alternative to driving ( which is at least an 8 hour drive ) , or flying ( which is expensive most of the time ) . 
  if i could pay $ 100 or so to take a train from chicago to mlps and would get me there in 5 hours , i 'd buy it every time , and that 's a trip i take at least 4 times a year . 
  i can drink and party on the train , i have to pay attention and drive in the car . 
  i.e. , chicago could act as a hub for the midwest . 
  no one is taking a train from miami to minneapolis , but bloomington in to minneapolis ? 
  or dayton to madison ? 
  might make more sense . 
  it 's been changing to swing the other way for a few decades now , but even then there are still a lot more rich people in the suburbs of chicago than there are in the city . 
  the flair on this post in confusing . 
  only after i read the comments here did it become clear that the claim was officially denied , not that the genocide was officially denied by the german government .
