   i 'd be down for a pigs union even naaah , it would n't work . 
  it 'd include ireland and portugal . 
  we ca n't keep up with the irish drinking in the first case and the portuguese would be a bit too salty about a union with spain . 
  last time it did n't work lol, 
  mixed feelings , tbh . 
  on one side , we joined a conflict we were ill prepared for and where an entire generation of men lost their lives ( the early 1900s women were a generation of spinsters basically ) . 
  we also know that without the exhaustion that came as a result of wwi , even as a winner , mussolini and the fascists would have found it more difficult to rise to power ( although communist uprisings happened across europe regardless of the outcome ) . 
  on the other side , we just became a united country some 50 years earlier and austria-hungary was still occupying big chunks of the peninsula , so wwi is often regarded as a continuation of the wars of independence and as a legitimate way to unite with trento and trieste . 
  mmh , let see : france : naaah , they 're cool . 
  they grabbed nice and savoy , but that was a long time ago . 
  maybe to prevent them from cooking carbonara with creme fraiche lol switzerland : that 'd be lovely . 
  we could finally settle some scores with the racist ticinesi and get our vendetta for the way they treat cross border workers . 
  austria : meeh , nothing valuable to gain . 
  maybe direct border with our german friends , so that they can have more direct access to gardasee , the 17th german bundesland lol slovenia : nothing further , your honor . 
  the only war would be with san marino . 
  would be nice to cancel a tax haven and money laundry central from the map . 
  unless you grab some sort of land corridor , would n't it be useless to have access to the sea ? 
  trieste is way far from the nearest austrian border town ( villach ) . 
  as for suedtirol , the ladin speakers are not exactly the best german speakers , you might have to rely purely on the boarisch speakers ( assuming you can understand them lol ), 
   what we do n't have is the nobility surrounding the monarch . 
  no dukes or counts or barons or whatnot which is what tends to introduce democratic rot and high expenses . 
  how come ? 
  after all , even before independence norway was always under a monarchy . 
  were the titles granted by the kings of denmark abolished or what ? 
  i have a couple , i lived in bavaria , so i acquired quite a fancy for bavarian beers . 
  augustiner keller is my go to among the mass produced ones , followed by hacker pschorr . 
  as for the more niche ones , kloster andechs and koenig ludwig . 
  nutella when i crave sweet , suedtiroler speck when i crave savoury, 
   what `` deeper integration '' are supporters of two-tier europe looking for ? 
  full blown federalism or what ? 
  not really , more like coordinated policies in fields like foreign policy , defence and budgeting . 
  remember , for example , what happened in 2002 , when france and germany opposed the british and the americans in their plans to go to war in iraq in search of those elusive weapons of mass destruction . 
  if a common voice had been agreed upon by at least the six founding nations , plus a couple of other members that are usually more invested in making the eu work ( like spain , austria and portugal ) , maybe things could have gone differently and we would not have needed to clean up after the mess the uk and the us left behind them . 
  same for things like justice . 
  organised crime knows no boundaries , certainly even less in europe , given that we have shared internal borders , free circulation of capital and goods and a handful of financial centres devoted to money laundering ( * cough * london * cough * ) . 
  it would make sense to have a strong support for eu wide arrest warrants and eu prosecutors , yet even this is controversial ( denmark , for example , does not want to participate in the project . 
  only on a case to case basis will they back more integrated efforts via europol . 
  the uk ... well , it was a lost case long before brexit , so no surprise they did n't want more cooperation ) . 
  on top of my head , quite a few terms related to music and visual arts , like : piano ( forte ) violino ( englsh : violin , german : violine ) cello ( shortened from violoncello ) primadonna soprano maestro bravo diva concerto virtuoso intermezzo solo solfeggio and tempo related terms like alleggretto , andante , con dolcezza , etc in visual art : chiaroscuro fresco ( shortened from affresco ) sfumato graffiti madonna, 
  varies a lot depending on the part of the country and location of the school within the city limits . 
  the south , where i come from , is pretty bad in my opinion , as the school staff usually turn a blind eye even when the bullying happens under their noses . 
  in the north part , where i moved to for my high school , they deal with it a lot better , since the teachers care more about you and school principals want to know what happens in the building . 
  but i might have a romanticised view of the school in the north , mind you . 
  i was heavily bullied in middle school for being a high achieving bookworm ( and partly , i think , because i might have already given away the gay vibe ) and fell into depression because of it , so once i moved to the north and none of the bullying happened , it felt like i move into an oasis in the middle of the desert , and away from the a cesspool that should drown under the water . 
  also , the more disadvantaged the neighbourhood , the more likely there wo n't be a policy against it , because the school staff struggles already with funds or because what happens between students is none of their business . 
  spain and france , because of our shared history , language similarities and general outlook on life . 
  a couple . 
  we say `` act like a portuguese '' when someone is being a freeloader ( free bus ride , etc ) . 
  apparently , it originated during the baroque era , when the portuguese ambassador to the holy see threw a lavish celebration to celebrate the birth of the portuguese male heir to the throne . 
  part of the celebration was the staging of an opera and entry was free for all portuguese citizens . 
  somehow that night , there was a sudden increase of the number of portuguese citizens in rome ... we also say '' to do turkish things '' when someone does crazy , lavish things , like throwing a debauched party , etc. 
  but i think turkish in this case is a portmanteau for anything middle eastern . 
  just like our expression '' to smoke as a turk '' ( i.e. 
  to smoke a lot ) . 
  afaik , nargilehs are used across all of the middle east . 
   any things she should know ? 
  italian . 
  do n't expect us to speak english , as a rule of thumb . 
  even in rome , we are pretty bad with foreign languages . 
  you might get luckier if you speak spanish . 
   banana + curry pizza will be a standard pizza soon , mark my words . 
  the rest of the world is like 50 years behind us in pizza innovation . 
  you guys should stick to what you know well , instead of venturing into dangerous waters . 
  [ pickled herrings and meatballs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6qwzphlj28 ) . 
  barbarians desperately needing to be civilised lol, 
  dante 's divine comedy and st francis ' [ canticle of the sun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canticle_of_the_sun ) . 
  the latter is not really in old italian , but in the dialect from umbria , so while still comprehensible , it is not often considered italian . 
  the former was composed in the first two decades of the 14th century and the latter in around 1224 . 
  wine ( chianti , barolo , prosecco , brunello ) vermouth ( martini , cinzano , etc ) grappa limoncello, 
  close call between french and spanish . 
  non european : japanese . 
  just because kill bill is one of my fav movies and i 'd love to sound as angry and intimidating as the bride speaking japanese . 
   i 'd actually say austrian is the greatest european language til : austrian is a language . 
  next thing you know , indian will be a language too . 
  stay . 
  if we talk about national palaces , i 'd say [ palazzo pitti ] ( http://www.wtg-global.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/fig1.jpg ) , since i am a florence aficionado . 
  if we talk about european ones , [ festung hohensalzburg ] ( http://www.ebhotel.at/blog/wp-content/uploads/festung-hohen-salzburg.jpg ) . 
  it is placed in a stunning position and the view from up there onto salzburg is lovely . 
  salzburg is easily the prettiest city in austria . 
  florentine `` vulgar '' ( meaning latin based idioms spoken by the average folks ) was the first idiom to be used for high culture ( i.e. 
  poetry , diplomacy , etc ) instead of medieval latin . 
  the sicilian court of the holy roman emperor did also make use of local dialect for their courtly poetry , but florence being the economic powerhouse of europe in that century , combined with the prestige dante , boccaccio and petrarca brought to florentine set it apart for the centuries to follow . 
  some words are archaic or local , and the way they pronounce the `` c '' is a trademark of most of tuscany , but we can basically read the divine comedy without dictionaries . 
   you speak the truth , but focaccia !, 
  and pesto !, 
  yeah , but if we talk about cuisine , piedmont cuisine is a star amongst the regional culinary traditions of italy . 
  i personally would rank it in the top three . 
  may i introduce you to : * [ baci di dama ] ( http://www.giallozafferano.it/images/ricette/22/2245/foto_hd/hd650x433_wm.jpg ) * [ agnolotti del plin ] ( http://www.osteriacomeunavolta.it/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/agnolotti-del-plin.jpg ) * [ castelmagno cheese ] ( http://convivium.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/castelmagno_alpeggio.jpg ) * [ barolo , aka the king of wines and the wine of the kings ] ( http://www.adventurewomen.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/wp-barolo-wine.jpg ), 
  koelner might beg to differ lol, 
  naah , genoa , like most of liguria , is squeezed between the sea and the mountains . 
  room for new buildings is hard to come by , which is why genoa has grown vertically since the middle ages . 
  also , genoese are stingy :p, 
  where would i put it ? 
  * logistically and economically speaking , it would make sense to move it to milan , whose metro area is already the biggest in italy , has three airports and is well connected with central europe . 
  however , milanese people are already smug and full of themselves as it is . 
  no need to feed their ego . 
  ~ ~ milan ~ ~ * florence would also make sense , since our language was born there and it briefly served as our capital for 5 years . 
  however , it is quite small compared to many other cities and making it our capital would inevitably lead to a massive expansion of its area . 
  i want the florentine hills and countryside to be preserved from the river of concrete that would follow . 
  that would be my choice .
