  we are so convinced our cuisine is the best , foreign cuisine restaurants have little chances of success outside big cities , i guess . 
  definitely not hate for the people . 
  it 's more like distrust for the us government , especially when the potus takes an isolationist stance or engages in wars that then affect us , even if we have not partaken them . 
  it also obviously depends on your own political leanings . 
  i tend to vote for the left , so given what george w and trump stand for , obama looked like an oasis in the middle of the desert ( though he would probably be described as centrist and not centre left in most eu countries ) . 
  the time we roll our eyes , with regards to the people , is normally when we see the level of religious radicalism in some us states . 
  we also have that kind of people , but not to the level of the us . 
  things like creationism , extreme homophobia , abstinence classes , etc are frowned upon in most we ( bar dup ) . 
  paris . 
  like italians , french and especially parisians , value beauty and good quality of life , so i 'd like to be surrounded by beautiful architecture ( though the weather sucks in comparison ) . 
  however , they also are less stuck into the `` glorious past '' mentality and embrace modernity and multiculturalism . 
  wedding cake with frosting , pretty standard . 
  also , sorbetto , especially in the south , where the weddings are taken on another level . 
  the families of the spouses might offer you a menu that includes both fish and meat courses , but before you eat the meat courses , you have a lemon sorbetto so to clean your palate from the taste of fish . 
  from non existent to bad to ... meeh libya : really bad until the 90s . 
  in the 1970s gaddafi and his troops vandalized the cemeteries of the italians and defiled them . 
  most of the libyan born italians repatriated to italy to avoid problems . 
  in the 1980s gaddafi started a pretty bad campaign against the west in general , and terrorists started being sponsored by him ( i vaguely remember a british born arab being responsible for an attack or skyjack ) , as well as having terrible relations with reagan 's america . 
  until a few years before his regime was toppled , he continued to ask the italian government for reparation money or asked us to build useless projects like motorways in the middle of the desert . 
  note though that our state oil company , eni , has very often won lucrative oil concessions in libya . 
  in the late 90s and 2010s , we tried to improve relations with libya so that they would block the wave of immigrants sailing from their shores . 
  now relations are unclear , since libya does n't have a clear government . 
  somalia : needless to say , relations are non existent . 
  the country has been ravaged by civil war since the early 90s and the islamic gangs destroyed the colonial architecture of mogadishu . 
  eritrea : meeh , as the country is a military dictatorship run by a general who conscripts forcibly any man of age and wants to shut the country from the rest of the world . 
  however , out of the other colonies , eritrea is the country that retained more of our heritage ( oldest colony , ) and there were in the past decades quite a lot of mixed eritrean italians in the country as well as in italy ( i.e. 
  eritreans born from relationships between italians who took eritrean women as lovers or wives ) . 
  asmara and massawa have managed to retain entire neighbourhoods built in italian art deco , futurism and rationalist architecture and have acquired a taste for gelato and pizza , among the others . 
  also , one of the few high schools in asmara is an italian speaking one , so i would say that out of the three , they are the ones we have the best relationship with . 
  well , half of it , sure . 
  but i 'd have a hard time putting someone coming from lille or lens into the southern europe list . 
  they might speak french , but their climate , food , etc feels def non southern . 
  places : [ 50 best gelaterie of italy ] ( http://www.lacucinaitaliana.it/news/cucina/le-50-migliori-gelaterie-italia-gelato/#gallery-56 ) . 
  the list has been made by gambero rosso , the italian equivalent of the michelin guide, 
  [ procida ] ( http://bareboatsailingholidays.com/images/procida_birdseye_view_1800x1191.jpg ) in the gulf of naples, 
  not anymore in parliament , but we had a clown as pm a few years ago . 
  i do n't think i need to add anything else y_y, 
  i would say the uk probably . 
  i come from italy and lived in germany as well , and both are fairly direct . 
  it was difficult and/or frustrating some times to deal with the british non confrontational style . 
  like , if you have something to complain about or you disagree with me , i would tell you that in your face , without necessarily being rude or aggressive . 
  however , in the uk , especially at work , you got ta read between the lines way more often than on the continent . 
  it took me a while to get that brits might say something and mean something else . 
  from my experience , mostly terrible . 
  it is understandable that italian cuisine was watered down by immigrants , once they settled in the us and they lacked some of the key ingredients . 
  but you guys fail even in the basic stuff . 
  like pizza : you cover the dough with shit tons of topping , and therefore the pizza wo n't be able to rise in the oven and get crispy as it should . 
  topping should be a complement to the dough , not vice vice versa . 
  and pasta : if you think pasta is cooked in x minutes , think again . 
  you should 've switched the stove off some 20 ' before . 
  same story with pizza : too much condiment , too limp , not seasoned properly ( i.e. 
  pasta sieved a couple of minutes before it is cooked , sauteed in the pan and stirred with some sauce ) . 
  in general your original sin is to think that more and bigger is better . 
  think again . 
  for some things less is more . 
  american dishes look like the culinary version of american porn stars . 
  too much make up , too much plastic surgery , too much of everything . 
  i would have bet my money that wilde and joyce would have been a staple in irish schools . 
  although ulysses is def not an easy reading, 
  no , i kinda meant that public schools , having way more financial means than standard state schools , might give you a more comprehensive education . 
  i hope i did n't sound elitist . 
  i was just using the obvious equation more funds = better education, 
   adam mickiewicz i finally understand who the guy is . 
  there is a square near my parents ' named after him , but i knew nothing apart from his nationality . 
  did you attend a public or state school ? 
  interesting . 
  and you understand 12th century dutch without a translation ? 
  well , he made it sound like that novel was all over the place, 
  no , i googled it to refresh my memory , and he was complaining about la princesse de cleves , by madame de la fayette, 
  do n't you have something called madame something ? 
  i vaguely remember sarkozy complaining about how useless it was to study a 17th century novel , even if you have to apply for a governmental job ... 
  mmh , on top of my head , good citruses . 
  spanish oranges and lemons are ok , but not as good as the ones from southern italy . 
  also peaches and plums . 
  clapping hands after the planes land . 
  and i heard an acquaintance of mine complaining about germans in zurich not speaking swiss german . 
  it was so hilarious to listen how rich white germans could be treated in the same way as some poor mena fellas . 
  but but but learning dutch when you speak english is sooooo difficult !, 
  how did you manage to finish the conversation with a straight face ? 
  not a big probability to meet someone who does n't speak italian . 
  it 's mostly s\u00fcdtiroler who live in tiny villages with 90 % + german speakers and no tourism ( also quite rare since one of the pillars of the region 's economy is tourism ) . 
  by law they have to study italian until the age of 18 , but if you do n't practise it , it 'll soon become unintelligible . 
  i do n't mind it , though . 
  our constitutional arrangement gives quite a lot of protection to our linguistic slovene , french , german and ladin minorities . 
  so it 's perfectly legit . 
  if you refer to immigrants , our law makes it difficult even for second generation children to obtain citizenship , those who do n't speak italian are people with work permit in the best case , not citizens . 
  this is probably why monarchies in europe have mostly fallen as consequence of war losses , invasions , etc , so in times where the state needed to be rebuilt from the foundations . 
  well , bosniacs are muslim and muslims deem dogs impure , so owning them is rare and contact with them frowned upon . 
  i was n't aware of the programme , but now i would support it wholeheartedly . 
  despite climate change and ecologism being increasingly popular in the public discourse , we are still beginning to address the need to have a well balance ecosystem that takes the needs of all living species into account . 
  damn , some countries even take steps backwards , like poland threatening the future of the bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest and the european bison proves . 
  even countries with a relatively advanced eco friendly policy , like switzerland or germany have some work to do . 
  in the past years , the brown bears population living in north eastern italy have on occasion crossed the border with switzerland , austria and going as far as bavaria . 
  unfortunately , bavarian and grisons farmers partly undid what our preservation programme intended to achieve . 
  wildlife knows no boundaries nor walls , so we must strive to have a common approach . 
  and if the italian state can compensate farmers for any attack their flocks experienced , i am sure the germans and the swiss can find the money too . 
  tourists going to venice , florence , rome , etc in the summer and complaining about the crowds . 
  as if italy exists for only 3 months . 
  you can go to the beach from late april to early october in most places , yet tourists complain about crowds in august . 
  you might as well complain about ireland being too rainy with that attitude,
