  no , i keep it on . 
  it 's programmed to turn itself on , if the temperature rises above the one i set up with the remote . 
  and the white noise the ac produces makes me sleep better, 
  in italian , but also in spanish , english and portuguese ( not sure about romanian ) the term for city comes from latin * civitas * , hence citta ' , ciudad , ciudade , city , etc. 
  the french use instead ville , which comes from latin * villa * and referred back in ancient rome to an agricultural unit of production , often encircled by walls , and often both the residence of a wealthy man in the countryside . 
  on the contrary , cite ' in french means more like a citadel ( e.g. 
  ile de la cite ' ), 
  nope , the word ghetto is venetian in origin and comes from the fact that the jews in 1500s venice were confined in an area called ghetto . 
  this area was previously used as a foundry ( since foundries needed furnaces and put the entire neighbourhoods at risk of devastating fires , so they were naturally isolated from the rest of the city ) , hence why it was called ghetto from gettare , italian for to throw [ the liquefied metal into the moulds ], 
   nor does it fall in line even with catholic teaching the catholic teaching is apparently that life should follow its course from birth to `` natural '' death . 
  of course they fail to explain to me what 's natural about life when you depend on a ventilator for it . 
  easy job , when dup senior politicians claim that the earth is 6k years old . 
  but then again , what has science ever done for us ? 
  sounds like alejandro amenabar 's movie , mar adentro, 
  i 'm guessing the most vocal against a swiss or dutch model are the csu and cdu , just like in allowing marriage equality . 
  am i wrong or what ? 
  on the bright side , with dup taking certer stage in ni , most irish parties will look moderate by comparison, 
  and last week elections completely lacked any debate on the issue . 
  i live in the uk and yet i have n't heard from any of the parties regarding this . 
  i assume it will be even harder with dup being the party calling the shots now . 
  usually the centre left is more open to allowing a dignified death , but as far as i know , labour ignores it , does n't it ? 
  so even the people in the dutch bible belt do not question it ? 
  evil hungarians , croats and slovenes separating them from their romance siblings / s, 
  maybe you have freckles and/or bad teeth ? 
  are ( natural ) blondes common in romania ? 
  yes , sometimes mistaken for a french , sometimes for a spanish, 
   `` hey look like christian versions of the talibans , only replacing the quran with the bible '' that bad huh ? 
  i know some friends who think similarly as well . 
  i tend to refrain from commentary as i could easily piss the wrong person off . 
  i mean , you got ta put things into context . 
  italy , like most of we and some ee countries , is nominally christian ( catholic ) , but church attendance is low compared to the us one . 
  people may identify as catholic , but attend mass on christmas , weddings and funerals most . 
  and being atheist is not frowned upon , as i understand is in the us . 
  most people i know of my age stopped going to church after confirmation ( around 14 yo ) . 
  maybe peer pressure is higher in the us ? 
  also note that italy has very low religious diversity . 
  we are nominally 90 + % catholic , with only a small historical jewish and waldesian minority . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but my understanding is that mainline protestants like episcopalians or even catholics ( basically old denominations ) are not religious freaks like pentecostals , born again christians or southern baptists . 
   is the pledge of allegiance not a normal thing in we ? 
  as in there 's nothing that is similar to what we have hear ? 
  not that i know of . 
  our national anthem has the phrase '' we are ready to die , italy called '' in the chorus , but we use the anthem almost exclusively during the world cup and maybe a couple of other occasions . 
  see , the fact is that nationalism in italy has been tainted because fascism appropriated it and far right perpetuate it . 
  so people not leaning toward the far right tend to avoid nationalist overtones ( apart from the fact that we identify a lot with our home regions/cities first ) . 
  as far as i know , most of we is like that . 
   the irony about our patriotism when it comes to military is how many veterans are n't being properly taken care of . 
  i heard of it . 
  it looks quite schizophrenic in the best scenario . 
  in the worst scenario the central government sees the veterans as abattoir meat , imho . 
  democrats would be considered centre to centre right , but at least generally sane and mainstream . 
  on economic issues , they look centrists , just because they do not back total deregulated markets , and nominally support maintaining current state intervention in key sectors like healthcare , education , workers ' rights , etc ( but your state welfare is very low compared to we ) . 
  on social issues , some are left-ish ( mild support to lgbt rights , maintaining planned parenthood , etc ) , some look centre to centre right ( support of death penalty , little to no limitation to the sale of arms ) . 
  on the other side , any party advocating for healthcare only for those able to afford it ( including their children ) , free guns , ban on abortion , aversion to sex ed , creationism and homophobic policies would be seen as far right ( they look like christian versions of the talibans , only replacing the quran with the bible ) . 
  note however traits both parties have can be found in our far right . 
  for example , we are not generally very patriotic , so whenever we see the way the us and in particular the army are celebrated , that 's just ... too much . 
  when i hear the rhetoric about the land of the free , the ubiquitous use of the flag , the anthem , the fact that you recite the pledge of allegiance at school , it sort of reminds me of the short films of 1930s italy under mussolini . 
  as you would expect , mostly cars were from the fiat group , so : * fiat * alfa romeo * lancia * [ lamborghini ] ( https://www.lamborghini.com/it-en/news/consegnata-alla-polizia-di-stato-la-nuova-lamborghini-huracan-polizia ) for motorbikes : moto guzzi however , since the eu opened up the market for state tenders , we have diversified a bit more , so we have now lotus , seat leon , bmw motorbikes and land rovers, 
  i guess he gets it from the popularity of the fpoe compared to the fringe status of the afd , pegida , etc. 
  one has relatively friendly people , the other has people that would make a light pole look friendly and talkative / s, 
  one is inhabited by people who speak an intelligible language , the other by swiss germans . 
   what are we gon na call it ? 
   our biggest party at the moment , centre party likes to decentralize finland as they are almost only voted in rural areas so they sometimes want to move agencies to elsewhere ( like this medicines agency i which case the transfer failed ) but helsinki is not the only big city ( at least by finnish standards ) , so the rural/urban divide does n't really fit here . 
  i was thinking something like ministries being located in turku or tampere . 
  so your point is that a ministry can not be located in a small city ? 
  i 'd say that , for example , the ministry for the environment would be better suited somewhere like innsbruck or klagenfurt . 
  as far as i know , there are still members of the habsburg living in austria , if you are really into inbred families, 
  yeah , i realised it soon after posting the question but do n't know how to fix it . 
  too bad they have one of the ugliest accent in all of the deutsch sprachraum ( not to mention that movements like npd and pegida are going strong in sachsen ... ), 
   it 's complicated to keep the city clean when 300k + people come to work there everyday but do n't contribute with taxes . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  those people eat , shop and spend money in brussels , even though they might not have their fiscal residence in it . 
  vat is still a tax . 
  ugh , just what rome would need . 
  more civil servants . 
  no , thanks . 
   parts of the capital would be situated in a germanic , romance and slavic language speaking country . 
  trieste almost fits this description . 
  friuli venezia giulia is already a region where german , italian and slovenian are spoken . 
  maybe a new capital built between tarvisio and villach ? 
   its a city full of rich-kids with daddy 's credit card spie\u00dfig would be the key word here, 
   i wish they would do it . 
  the symbolism is perfect and it 's way prettier than bruxelles . 
  if brussels were a little bit more clean , it 'd be also very pretty . 
  it must be a big city issue , because i visited nearby leuven and ghent and they were spotless . 
  or maybe french speakers are dirtier than flemish ones / s, 
  nice joke, 
   other cities i think could be good choices : frankfurt , hamburg , munich , strasbourg , rotterdam , dublin , prague , rome . 
  i do n't think people would be ready for the level of smugness m\u00fcnchner would display , were the city be chosen as capital of the eu lol, 
  it has been illegal ever since the new constitution was ratified in 1948 to attempt to reconstitute the fascist party , but the far right has found escamotages to work their way around the ban . 
  they do n't call themselves fascists , but use other words from their lingo , stressing in one way or another militarist and order undertones ( e.g. 
  new order , front , action , etc ) . 
  they are allowed to partake in the elections , even though they usually get single digits results . 
  back before the fall of the berlin wall , they were kept outside a cordone sanitaire and never been part of any coalition , but alas the rise of populism , in the form of our own orange man whore , meant that some of them managed to get into government . 
  the most blatant case is alessandra mussolini , granddaughter of benito , who has been in parliament for the last 20 years y_y, 
  in my own country , hands down the accent of florence . 
  it just makes me smile every time i hear it . 
  from other countries : scottish , spanish and breton . 
   our own . 
  king seems like a nice guy , and it would be a neat way to repay him after the shit we put him through after wwii . 
  and what would be the crown prince of romania is quite a looker .
