  it still is . 
  read the manifesto of the fpoe and you will find it still actual . 
  but new england is so full of democrats and liberals that i am sure many trumpistas would gladly get rid of the influence of boston , sanders ' vermont , etc. 
  and i am told ny is no better loved by god fearing americans ( which is weird , considering how trump screams ny ), 
  apparently around 50 % of the argentines have italian ancestors , so with our citizenship law based on ius sanguinis , they have a paved way . 
  also , the similarities language wise are taken a step further . 
  spanish is already very similar to italian and easy to learn . 
  the spanish spoken in buenos aires and its environs is apparently even closer to italian , with lunfardo and porteno having a similar way to pronounce words ( or even spell them . 
  i do n't know how widespread the word is , but in lunfardo they say laborar instead of trabajar like a normal spanish ), 
  most liked are probably the filipinos and the ones from latam ( but not the ones from andes or central america , like san salvador ) . 
  most hated : gypsies ( lack of hygiene is not racism ) and maghreb people . 
  best integrated are probably the albanians and the romanians ( i guess speaking a similar language helps a great deal ), 
   fortunately most are people like you . 
  it is just the few people who 've lived in zurich for three years without learning any german past hallo . 
  and i actually met some people complaining about the germans as well , because they are slow or unwilling to speak schweizerdeutsch . 
  i mean , pretty much any written material you find in switzerland is written in hochdeutsch , with just the spelling being slightly different , so why be so strict ? 
   even really unpopular ones like the japanese emperor why is the japanese emperor unpopular ? 
  because of the whole wwii thing ? 
  ca n't you just dump him to the queen and avoid a speech in the parliament ? 
  just let him be received at buckingham palace and do some pictures with that other weirdo of prince charles . 
  that would quell his overblown ego and avoid an unpleasant situation in the parliament . 
  i mean , if the queen , prince charles and kate middleton do not come handy in these hot potato situation , why keep them in the first place ? 
  neuro , because the way our common currency has been managed so far by our illustrious leaders is quite ... neurotic, 
  what ? 
  trump is despised by the whole political spectrum in europe , with the notable exception of the far right ( the fn in france , the northern league in italy , the ukip in england , etc ) and he causes even some headaches among the supposedly moderate tories in the uk , who put off the state visit to the uk in the past weeks . 
  obama was loved . 
  maybe not so much for himself , but because he was not george w bush and his neocons . 
  i mean , sure , his nobel prize was a little bit of an exaggeration , but he was a breath of fresh air compared to 8 years of warmongering . 
  not to mention that it is undeniably cool and inspiring that a half black , with little political experience and who starts as an underdog against hilary clinton , wins the elections . 
  and for those who say that he is a war monger as well , he actually tried to stay clear of new conflicts as much as possible . 
  and literally any other person would be more popular than a man who mocks a journalist for its disability , invents things like `` alternative facts '' , looks and sounds like a bully , a sexist and a liar ( if he was really worried about islamic integralists , we would have banned also rich muslims like the saudis or uae ), 
  bad luck . 
  there are a couple of `` good luck '' rituals we stick to , like wearing red underwear and eating lentils ( possibly with cotechino/zampone , a kind of boiled sausage ) . 
  the most reckless/adventurous , like the neapolitans , throw out of the windows something old , like plates , to signify getting rid of the old and welcoming the new . 
  firing your own fireworks is pretty popular as well there ( campania being fireworks central.the police has to seize every december quite a lot of non eu conforming fireworks which would n't be out of place in a war ) . 
  food wise , apart from already mentioned cotechino/zampone ( more of a northern italian tradition ) , pandoro , panettone , torrone ( nougat ) and dried fruit ( dates , figs , etc ) are served . 
  no real nationwide recipe as first or second course ( southerners tend to go for female eel , clams spaghetti , other fish courses for new year 's eve and meat courses for new year 's day ) . 
  other traditions may include playing tombola ( bingo ) or cards games with your family ( and by family i mea a gathering with your grandparents , siblings , uncles , cousins , etc ) , watching the countdown on tv on new year 's eve , watching vienna or venice new year 's concert on tv . 
  look at the reddit name . 
  you 're roman , you 're biased lol, 
  in italy a toss between milan ( we are the center of fashion , most modern city in italy bla bla bla ) and rome ( we are from the most beautiful , historic city in the world bla bla bla ) . 
  in europe : a toss between swiss and english ( intentional reference to england . 
  i have found scots and welsh to be very agreeable ), 
   it a majority of flemish vote yes , then we should work fast on a separation process as there would be no point in continuing to live together . 
  but how would you solve the situation of bruxelles ? 
  a population exchange a la greek turkish conflict ? 
   it a majority of flemish vote yes , then we should work fast on a separation process as there would be no point in continuing to live together . 
  but how would you solve the situation of bruxelles ? 
  a population exchange a la greek turkish conflict ? 
  if that was true , you would assume finns would be very talkative lol, 
   because they are also hard on those scary brown people . 
  are they so tanned in liege ? 
  spain and the uk are not federations . 
  mmh , i do n't see people going to the great length north of the alps for a seat as far as possible from the others . 
  there are also other things to consider : if your seat is closer to the exit , closer to the window , farther from the ac , etc. 
  and while we do n't talk to strangers out of the blue , it is quite common to offer help , for instance . 
  if someone asks the bus driver `` where is street x '' , you will often find people spontaneously saying '' i know where it is . 
  i will tell you when to get off '' and from there start some small talk . 
  also old ladies talking about their back pain , or what they bought at the market is somewhat common . 
  no , you do n't stare . 
  but you also do n't break eye contact so swiftly you would think you have seen voldemort . 
  and if you have babies or pets , it 's ok , i think , to stare . 
  is a sortened version of an older question : `` comment allez-vous \u00e0 la selle ? '' . 
  it means `` how well do you poop ? '', 
  and was used to gauge the person 's actual well-being . 
  i have no idea whether it was frequently used at the time , but the meaning is long forgotten now . 
  i chuckle internally whenever i remember that i 'm implicitly asking people about the state of their turds . 
  sheldon cooper might have answered that question lol, 
  well , compared to most italian cities , it 's def more cosmopolitan . 
  when i lived in munich , i shared an apt with a korean girl and a german guy . 
  my group of acquaintances from lmu or tu included many more foreigners than what would have been possible in italy . 
  and the germans i have found there were not bothered by my then poor german , so i found it more open minded than one would assume . 
  but yeah , in terms of cosmopolitan , i much preferred hamburg , but alas , loved the city , could n't stand the fact that there was no summer there :p i was the only one wearing a jumper instead of a t shirt in my group of friends , while they were `` tanning '' themselves of the banks of the alstersee wearing t shirts, 
  i can only speak for the metro of milan and partially for that of rome ( but rome is for many things already a southern italian city , so more loud , more chaotic , more ... friendly ? ) . 
  i see more people talking with each other and not going to great lengths to avoid eye contact . 
  definitely not the radio silence of the metros of germany , london , etc. 
  normally we dedicate the first two years of high school to ancient epic poems , so homer 's iliad and odyssey ( translated , at least in high schools where greek is not taught ) and virgil 's aeneid ( we study latin for five years anyway , so original version ) . 
  the last three years of high school are dedicated to classical italian literature from 1200 to early 1900 , so we begin with the triad dante ( one book each year ) - boccaccio ( decameron ) - petrarch . 
  briefly touch in with renaissance and baroque literature ( ariosto , tasso , etc ) and then we go into more details with late 18th writers ( basically the time when a national italian sentiment arose ) such as foscolo , manzoni ( the betrothed is a must read ) , d'annunzio , pirandello , pascoli , etc. 
  dantecan def be daunting , even if you use a modern translation , but i rather like boccaccio 's decameron . 
  it 's a witty and funny window into everyday life in italy 's middle ages . 
  i might also like it because after we finished with it , our teacher made us watch pasolini 's cinematic transposition ( spoiler alert : do not watch it with children around ), 
  it depends on a few factors . 
  it is getting better ( civil partnerships were legalised last year after an intense campaign against it mounted by the church , the populist far right and certain sectors of the centre right ) , but we have no law against homophobia ( same people described above claim it would infringe on their right to free speech ) , so there is no hate aggravated charge for battery , assault or simply being mobbed/fired at work . 
  large cities like milan , turin and rome are ok to live in , but again it also depends on your luck . 
  macho acting groups of teens or outright far right beat people from time to time . 
  i do n't wan na exaggerate it but i would be lying if i said that it 's not something you think about when walking alone at night ( but i might be an outlier . 
  i had a couple of bad experiences in my teens ) . 
  i wan na be optimistic and say that it will eventually be good , we just need the old generations to die out . 
  i just do n't want to wait 20 years to feel safe . 
  two come to mind . 
  one is the kind of `` privacy '' i experienced in the metros of germany ( hamburg and munich ) . 
  the people there do not look at you in the eyes , do not talk , and would rather sit as far as possible from any other average commuter . 
  i was not used to it , so i thought that germans must have been all antisocial , grumpy or misanthropists . 
  right now i do n't notice anymore . 
  on the other hand , maybe we italians are too talkative , who knows ? 
  the other is british ladies , even in the supermarkets , calling you `` my love '' , `` sweetheart '' , etc. 
  i was like : `` i appreciate the politeness , but is n't it too early to call me my love ? 
  you do n't even know my name '' . 
  moved to munich and then london .
