that 's already been ruled out by the dup . 
  they do n't want a solution that treats ni in a way that is different from the ruk . 
  and since the government ca n't survive without the dup , it 's unlikely that anything contrary to the will of the dup will be implemented, 
  what ? 
  the gardens and the parks were actually an idea napoleon iii brought with him from england , where he spent part of his exile . 
  not saying that he was not a man with a vision , he definitely was . 
  he just ca n't be considered an architect , as he had no knowledge of how to solve the technical issues involved in a building , nor the artistry needed to make a building a piece of art . 
  garnier , for example , apart from epitomizing the third empire style , solved a lot of issues during the construction of the palais garnier , as the foundations insisted on an unstable groundwater, 
   being in the eea still implies a hard border , in case you did n't know not so hard . 
  even before switzerland joined the schengen area , it was rather simple to drive to switzerland from germany , italy or france . 
   the people voted to leave the eu and leaving the eu is up for interpretation , since the ballot paper only featured a rather open ended question . 
  norway is out of the eu , switzerland is out of the eu , turkey is out of the eu , russia is out of the eu . 
  any of these options is just as legitimate , while you make it sound like the message of the referendum was unequivocal . 
  living : renzo piano ( ny times building , san francisco museum of science , genao port redevelopment ) , gae aulenti ( the architect that turned the gare d'orsay into the museum ) or stefano boeri ( vertical forest building in milan ) . 
  dead : probably palladio , michelangelo , brunelleschi and bernini . 
  haussmann was not an architect , he was the prefect that executed the plan ( with input from napoleon iii ) . 
   the reason a lot of people voted no last time was because of the scaremongering by the no side over the uncertainty of an independent scotland being allowed to stay in the eu . 
  the vote to look at is not indyref1 , it 's the june election where the scottish tories made a comeback . 
  one would assume that the same people who voted for ruth davidson and her ilk will vote against indyref2 . 
  after all , the complete name of the tories is conservative and * unionist * party . 
  and it 's not even solely a matter of nicola sturgeon pushing too early for indyref2 , as the scottish green are also pro independence anyway . 
   i just feel like may 's government needs to go down if any brexit deal is going to happen at all ... you are assuming that whatever comes after may will be necessarily better than her cabinet . 
  yes , there is the possibility that someone less dogmatic like hammond could be the winner in a party feud , but it could be just as likely that someone like bojo , davis or reese - moegg become the new pm . 
   brexit 's a complicated issue , and not one that really involves denmark specifically . 
  actually danish fishermen also fish in areas that would be affected by brexit , so unless you discount their situation , denmark will be involved . 
   i believe that any border in the island is not justifiable but theresa may says that they want out of the customs union and single market , and they already are out of the schengen area . 
  how will you make sure that goods and people are properly checked , if not with a border and customs station ? 
   ok so in october the eu will vote on moving on to phase two of the brexit negotiations , this will in essence put the issue of northern ireland behind ... even if ireland goes soft on the issue of ni , it 's not likely that the eu council , the ep or michel barnier will move on to phase 2 . 
  last time he spoke , barnier said that progression on the three issues of ni border , rights of eu nationals in the uk and the so called exit bill has been too slow , with only the rights of eu nationals being likely to be sorted out . 
  considering that the british parliament shut down in august , the british negotiators have a month and a half to make a proposal the eu will accept . 
  not seeing it as particularly likely scenario . 
  i do n't think the majority of the eu citizens would object to ireland vetoeing an agreement , considering that it 's the republic that has more to lose from brexit . 
  if anything , there would be support for ireland . 
  the problem would be more the brexiteers like bojo & co. . you often read that according to brexiteers , ireland needs the uk more than the other way around , so i guess that their understanding is that ireland will push for whatever agreement has the lowest impact on the flow of goods from ireland to britain . 
  one of the great french actors of his generation . 
  he is well known in italy because of the various italian french movies he featured in as well as because he comes regularly for the restaurants ( and i think he still owns a vineyard with one of his exes ) . 
  however , at least for the ones with a left leaning , his reputation took a turn for the low , when he threatened to move to belgium in the whole `` hollande vs. the rich '' fight , and then took the offer putin extended to him to become a russian citizen , so that he could pay less taxes . 
  as if he had a problem to make ends meet or something . 
  not to mention that he cosied up with putin , one of the most despicable figures of our times . 
   what do you think of movies from your country from that time period ? 
  nothing in particular between 1910 and 1920 . 
  cabiria , 1914 , is an exception because the script was written by gabriele d'annunzio , the main figure of italian decadentism . 
  from 1920s until 1944 , italian cinema fell under the control of fascism , as totalitarian regimes understood the potential of mass media to influence and control the population . 
  so during the period , creative ideas were heavily censored , themes were limited in range , as mussolini and his croonies did not want to show anything that would even mildly hint at a criticism of the regime , so no show of poverty , dissent , nudity , etc. 
  we have a term for all these movies '' cinema dei telefoni bianchi '' ( white telephones cinema ) , because the staple movie of the interwar period were comedies featuring well off city dwellers with fancy houses ( hence the reference to white telephones , a feature of well designed art deco houses ) . 
  only exception was [ ossessione ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ossessione ) by luchino visconti . 
  who made the films and starred in it was also heavily influenced by their political allegiance to the regime , so most of the directors and actors post 1945 were shunned by cinecitta ' ( rome 's famous studios ) . 
  from 1944 onwards we got some air to breathe , creatively speaking , and 1944 is the year of the first neorealist movie : [ roma , citt\u00e0 ' aperta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5mmimkhjns ) by roberto rossellini , shot in rome , which had been just liberated by the americans and the resistance . 
  up until 1950 , we had the first string of italian neorealist movies like [ la terra trema ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_terra_trema ) , again by visconti , italian classic [ ladri di biciclette ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bicycle_thieves ) , aka bicycle thieves , [ riso amaro ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/riso_amaro ) and [ stromboli , terra di dio ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/stromboli_ ( terra_di_dio ) with an incredible ingrid bergman ( also the movie that saw rossellini and bergman fall in love and elope ) . 
  non neorealist movies that made the test of time include federico fellini 's [ luci del varieta ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/variety_lights ) and de filippo 's [ napoli milionaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/side_street_story ), 
  the highways north of naples : good overall , especially when you think that due to the nature of our terrain , we have had to build a lot of tunnels , bridges , etc. 
  south of naples , a mockery of the term . 
  we pay tolls like in france , and they have been privatised ( currently the benetton family owns the society that owns the highways ) . 
  speed limits are 130 km/h . 
  i would say it depends . 
  certainly i did n't think about the beauty of my hometown , [ bologna ] ( http://www.bolognawelcome.com/files/turisti/scopri/luoghi/architettura-e-monumenti/edifici-e-vie-storiche/piazza-maggiore/photogallery/piazzamaggiore.jpg ) , when i was rushing to school or work , as normal worries take over your mind . 
  but during the weekend , when you have more time to yourself and you relax , i certainly found myself thinking how beautiful and practical at the same time the covered passageways that line almost every street of the old town ( like this [ one ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/81404.jpg ) ) are and wondered why they are not more common , especially in countries north of the alps with a less favorable weather . 
  i am a huge art history geek though , so my eyes are more drawn to these things than an average person , i guess . 
   eeeh , i guess the little mermaid by disney would be it , as it was based off a danish folktale and enormously successful . 
  except that the cartoon did not give off anything suggesting a nordic country to begin with, 
  wwii . 
  usually , for lack of time ( imho , for lack of intentions ) , we study history up to wwi and the first two or three years of the aftermath . 
  i am pretty sure that this is intentional , because national institutions do n't need to confront the legacy of wwii , make a serious nationwide reflection of why fascism was bad and the ramifications of it . 
  otherwise they should condemn fascism in all its aspects , admit that the only opposition to it was the liberal and socialist/communist resistance ( the christian democrats fled to france and later us but had almost no role in the military resistance to mussolini and hitler ) and that we brought onto ourselves the territorial losses we suffered post wwii . 
  also our not so kind treatment of the populations of the colonies under our control is pretty much unknown . 
  it would def change the way we talk about the current flood of refugees from africa, 
  brussels is the capital . 
  the ec hqs are in brussels and the ep will eventually relocate permanently there , as the constant back and forth with the consequent waste of money has turned more and more unacceptable in the eyes of most eu citizens and it 's not enough of a reason to stroke the ego of the french to keep it there . 
  also brussels is symbolic of the raison d'etre of the eu . 
  as the capital city of the country that was invaded twice in wwi and wwii despite its neutrality , as well as for its being a city split between the two main linguistic groups that make up europe , it embodies the goal of the eu as the peace maker of the continent . 
  also , it is convenient because as the capital of a small medium sized country , it does n't give the opportunity to the big members to boast in your face their superiority in terms of gdp or population ( kinda the same principle as to why the us or brazil have a made up capital ), 
  same thing i think about the olympic games in other cities around the world . 
  there have been cases where this has been turned into an opportunity for an overhaul of the city 's image and investments in the city 's infrastructures ( e.g. 
  barcelona 92 ) but more often than not it 's an occasion for developers and for senior civil servants to trigger a massive flow of money that does n't trickle down to the common people . 
  even large metropolises like paris find it hard to make a profit out of the sporting facilities after the end of the games . 
  and given that paris is the most visited city in the world , i do n't think it needs more recognition than it already has . 
  more lines of metro , yes , a stadium just for athletics , not so sure . 
  staging the olympics is just a way to boost the ego of a nation nowadays . 
  a way to say to the world that we are a power or an upcoming power ( see china 2008 or brazil 2016 ) . 
  i do n't know what happened to the london facilities post 2016 , but in turin facilities for the winter olympics are getting all dusty . 
  very economically advanced , civilised and organised , but little to no empathy and an overblown opinion of yourself . 
  well , at least the people from ticino , geneva and zurich ( so essentially the people who deal with transfrontaliers on a regular basis ) . 
  yes , i have been suffering for years of bouts of depression and panic attacks and the legislation protecting workers with this kind of illness is wafer thin . 
  i 'd feel more protected if i had a broken arm or cancer . 
  i do n't share it with my employer , mostly because there have been several cases of people being mobbed or fired because of the complications that come with it . 
  [ giggle ] indeed we are not the laughing stock of the west any more , since november 2016 . 
  the only silver lining i can find in the last presidential election ( and the associated fact that brexit/trump election made populism a little bit more unpalatable in the eu ) . 
  we have voted in three times a compulsive liar , man whore , corrupt fraudster in spite of the many red flags , proving many italians are brain damaged or dishonest . 
  if that does n't convince you ... 
  lost territories we consider in one form or another to have been lost by italy include : * nizza ( nice ) , because the city was 100 % italian speaking until we were forced to cede it to france in exchange of military support against the evil austrians and because our national hero garibaldi was from there ( he famously remarked in a speech at the parliament : '' you have rendered me a foreigner in my own country '' ) * savoie , reason being it had been part of the duchy and later kingdom that unified the country for centuries and obviously the ancestral home of the dynasty that brought us together . 
  * corsica , because corsica had been a part of the republic of genoa and pisa since the 1000s and they considered themselves italians ( pasquale paoli , the father of corsican independentism , wrote the constitution in italian ) * istria , fiume ( rjieka ) and zara , because the region and those cities were majority italian ( countryside being majority slavic , cities majority italian ) and were for centuries integral parts of the republic of venice i would say there are not political issues at all . 
  if someone says '' corsica is going to be ours once again '' , they more likely are playing eu4 or something . 
  the only folks who take it seriously are some far right mussolini nostalgic who long to the period where istria was italian and commemorate the foibe massacres against the italians in the aftermath of wwii . 
  but usually these folks have very selective memories and `` forget '' how nice and hospitable our ( para ) military were towards slovenians and croats . 
   because mostly german speakers lived there . 
  to be honest , this looks like an arbitrary sentence . 
  sudetenland , large parts of the border with maehren , pressburg ( aka bratislava ) , etc had a large , if not majority german speakers . 
  we were just not dicks like the rest and worked out a peaceful and just solution which actually benefits the suedtiroler much more than if they were just another federal state inside austria . 
  not to mention that suedtirol was part of the austrian empire ( a different state than roa ) . 
   it was a political issue until the 1970s ( including bomb attacks and assassinations ) when austria and italy agreed on a status of autonomy for the region .
