  not karl philipp of sweden handsome , but almost lol, 
  you estonians would really do anything to finally into nordics lol, 
   surely you mean for eternity !, 
  hungary starting to sweat ... lol, 
  french monarchy . 
  just to see if we get lucky and get a re enactment of the terroir executions , the guillotine and the whole shebang . 
  you got ta give the french credits for the glorious tradition of executing pompous monarchs lol i 'd offer the ones we still have got left , in case they need material to keep the show running, 
   ... so yeah , she has definitely rubbed off on me and i love it . 
  the power of ~ ~ pula ~ ~ , i meant love, 
  it 's an illiberal democracy increasingly verging on authoritarianism . 
  a democratic system is based on the rule of law and the independence of the three powers of the state ( judicial , executive , legislative ) . 
  when the executive power tries to control the judicial , as orban as tried to do , it is no more a democracy . 
  not to mention that orban has tightened the state control on public and private media and relished in some hard core gerrymandering . 
  yeah , ladin is being actively preserved by its speakers though . 
  since two of the regions where it is spoken have special autonomy , they enjoy special protection . 
  i remember reading that you can not work as a teacher in kindergarten or primary school in the comuni/gemeinden where ladin is official , if you are a native speaker of italian or german . 
  only if you are a native speaker of ladin . 
  while it may sound discriminatory , given the poor status of romansch in nearby graub\u00fcnden ( which is almost the same language ) and erosion in favour of german , i ca n't blame them . 
  quite a few actually . 
  [ walser german ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walser_german ) in the aosta valley is losing speakers , since it 's a double minority , being spoken in a french ( arpitan ) speaking region of italy and being rather far from its nearest swiss german speakers . 
  [ alghero catalan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algherese_dialect ) , again due to the fact that it 's one town surrounded by sardinian and italian speakers . 
  [ mocheno ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%b2cheno_language ) , an archaic german dialect derived from early bairisch and spoken only in a valley of trentino . 
  it suffers from competition with standard german and the fact that many people move out of the valley in search of better jobs in big cities . 
  [ griko and grecanico ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/griko_dialect ) , two greek based dialects spoken in puglia and calabria . 
  [ slavomolisano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavomolisano_dialect ) , a form of croatian spoken by the descendants of croatians fleeing from the ottomans ' occupation of the balkans . 
  [ arbereshe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arb%c3%abresh ) , a form of albanian , is spoken by people in sicily , calabria and puglia for the same historical reasons [ faetar dialect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/faetar_dialect ) a variant of provencal spoken in a tiny cluster of villages in puglia, 
   that 's the thing . 
  the brits would need to massively humiliate themselves if the suez crisis did n't accomplish that , i doubt something remotely as likely will do . 
  only a scottish and northern irish secession might have the potential to make them reconsider . 
  but i 'd really love it if the eu stood its ground . 
  brad pitt might have been dumped by angelina jolie , but that 's not good enough of a reason for jennifer aniston to take him back , because he has n't found anyone better . 
   the canary islands are outside the vat area that 's because it 's an archipelago far from the core of the eu territory . 
  overseas departments of france and netherlands , like martinique or curacao , are also outside the schengen area . 
   out of the countries you listed , only estonia and ukraine are ex-ussr . 
  as if former warsaw pact countries were really independent . 
  they were puppets of the ussr , so it did n't make much difference whether or not they were soviet territories or separate state entities . 
  i understand the sentiment , but there were alternatives to a certified fascist that demonises entire groups of people . 
  at a regional or local level , bayrou 's party or the greens as well . 
   potato is a vegetable sure , and wine is fruit juice, 
  i do n't trust the uk would act any different this time round than the last 40 years . 
  if it ever came to a point where they would overcome their pride and reapply , it would be only because their economy went down the drain and it needed to be boosted again , not because they wanted to build a strong community of nations bound by common values and common goals . 
   well , the walk to canossa was a political action between the german kaiser and the italian pope except that the kaiser was not strictly only german ( northern and central italy were still namely part of the holy roman empire ) nor was the pope italian only ( there would have been a long string of french popes after gregory vii . 
  well , i have been to boulogne sour mer in france , which was founded by the romans with the same latin name of my hometown ( bologna ) , if that counts . 
  also been to place d'italie in paris, 
   i would also want to see a ancient roman style triumph parade in brussels of captured key brexit figures . 
  farage , cameron , johnson , to name a few . 
  naaah , a much better and more satisfying thing would be this parade to be made across the eu . 
  i would arrange a continental tour and have the show be performed under the arc de triomphe , brandenburg tor , arco di costantino , etc. 
  besides , there is the perfect place in brussels already : the [ arc de cinquantenaire ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/54/brussels_cinquantenaire_r03.jpg/1200px-brussels_cinquantenaire_r03.jpg ), 
   could you image the chaos if we had to swap sides of the road . 
  actually sweden swapped sides in the 1960s as well , and it went smoothly . 
  sure , sweden is better organised than the uk ( e.g. 
  every time there is more snow than usual in the uk ), 
   to be honest , just the act of asking to come back to the eu would we call in german a `` gang nach canossa '' ( a walk to canossa ) , lol love that you have the exact same expression in german as well . 
  i do n't see it happening any way . 
  the uk is too proud to ever admit to being wrong . 
  damn , they still adopt the view that the empire was a good thing for the people they colonised . 
  poland is gon na eventually come to its senses . 
  the reason they opted out of the charter of fundamental rights was because they feared the eu would `` force '' them to adopt lgbt friendly policies . 
  while the poles are homophobes in comparison to western europe ( and even in comparison to former ussr countries like estonia , czechia or eastern germany ) , they have made progress when compared to their ukrainian neighbours . 
  give them some ten years and it wo n't be a problem anymore . 
  i actually would start a campaign to block its accession . 
  the only way i 'd find acceptable would be a uk in the eea, 
  you 're preaching to the quire , actually . 
  considering that henin beaumont and the nord pas de calais have voted en masse for mlp , it 's difficult to have much sympathy for them . 
  at least from my side, 
   ljubljana ( our capital ) : infested with hipsters , who all like to eat in the latest burger joint 's , which only use local ingredients , while drinking a micro-brewed beer and speak in a strange mix of slovenian and what seems like english , they ( we ) also think , they 're above everyone else . 
  lol i think you just made me untick ljubljana from my list of to visit capitals of europe . 
  there is only one thing worse than a hipster . 
  lots of hipsters . 
  thank god i read an article some months ago , where they say that hipsters are a dying species, 
  yeah , one of my acquaintances made his erasmus year in tartu , and apparently he had the time of his life, 
   east-germans are really bad . 
  they are either communists or nazis . 
  lol thank god i never asked my friend from the countryside around dresden which way she leaned , politically speaking, 
  [ belluno ] ( http://www.hotelroomsearch.net/im/city/belluno-italy-4.jpg ) sits deep into the dolomites , the section of the alps that cover most of trentino , s\u00fcdtirol and large parts of northern veneto . 
  while they are one of the most beautiful mountains around the alps and include now the most upscale sky resorts in italy , it also means that belluno was cold , snowy and difficult to reach for much of the year . 
   anything north of paris : unemployed , incestuous and alcoholic kiddy fiddlers bienvenue chez les ch ` tis lol, 
  p\u00f3re belun , te se proprio de nisun ! '' translation : '' venetians , grand gentlemen , padovani , great doctors ( as in phd doctors ) : vicentini , cat eaters : veronesi , all crazy , udinesi , castle dwellers and with furlan ( a language separate from italian ) surnames : trevisani , bread and tripe : rovigotti ( as in people of rovigo ) , bacchus and pipe : cremaschi ( people of crema ) silly : bresciani ( people of brescia ) treacherous ; bergamo people godless , and belluno ? 
  poor belluno , you are nobody 's land . '', 
  i think the most widespread explanation is that people of vicenza were so poor , they started to get creative in the culinary department , so they also ate cat in time of famine . 
  they still eat things like pigeons , for example . 
  what about tartu ? 
   essex - loose women as in very `` friendly '' women ? 
   scotland - tight , do n't eat vegetables now i understand why a glasgow lifetime is somewhere between 10 and 20 years elsewhere lol but wait , is n't haggis filled with wheat or something ? 
  that should count for veggies, 
  lol the constant bickering between you swedes and danes is so fun to watch . 
  wish there was a show or a series for it . 
  maybe the eu can find a way to produce a pan european comedy like the spanish apartment ? 
  wait , were n't east germans forbidden from leaving the country ? 
  france . 
  our capitals are already in a monogamous twinning lol and we can sort of understand each other , as italian is the closest language to french . 
  also , we could finally implement much needed laws on french soil , like a ban on carbonara with creme fraiche and the transfer of the artworks napoleon 's successors `` forgot '' to give back . 
   i 'd also invite other parts of neighboring countries like niederbayern , oberbayern and south tyrol . 
  then liechtenstein and maybe slovenia if they want . 
  there would be a problem language wise with that union . 
  which language would be official ? 
  lol, 
   i , for one , approve of the new union of the pigs republics except that spain is the only monarchy in the union . 
  republican revolution coming soon in madrid ?
