  money was def the first reason , as employers in italy can be bloody difficult , but it was not the only factor . 
  i like living in cosmopolitan cities , meeting people from different walks of life and experience something italy ca n't offer at the moment . 
  speaking three languages , i wanted to be able to use them at work as well . 
  i am also gay , so i wanted to live somewhere i do n't have to worry about my personal safety or being discriminated at work/in public . 
  [ the italian wolf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_wolf ) , a subspecies of the grey wolf , which managed to survive even during the worst periods where wolves were on the brink of extinction . 
  it 's not official , but then again , our anthem is not official either . 
  i do like it , since it is a reminder that our wilderness somehow managed to get by better than in other european countries ( the wolves in france , austria , etc have had a less favourable treatment ) . 
  and it was one of rome 's most sacred animals as well . 
  meh , our relations are ok , when they do n't redirect the refugees ' boats to our coast , but generally i guess they are too small of a nation to be considered either commercial , military or economic allies . 
  and the fact that italian has been falling out of favour ever since they became a british colony does n't really help in that sense . 
  mmh , a toss between france ( if we give them another piece of our territory ) or spain . 
   one exception are coastal towns where villette are all the rage but even there you 'd be more likely to find condos . 
  and even in that case , i think a lot of people would question the swimming pool . 
  i mean , you have the sea at a stone 's throw . 
  and the sea is almost always better than any pool . 
  i think this falls into the '' americans lazy behaviours '' thing , like driving to get a sandwich and the likes . 
  no , he 's referring to the insulae , the ancient romans ' equivalent of the modern day condo . 
  there are not all wrong . 
  i just do n't like parties to base their policies on the polls and the fleeting nature of the public opinion . 
  i may be old fashioned , but parties win or lose elections on their party manifestos . 
  if you want to look at how fleeting public opinion is , look at england . 
  in april the tories seemed to be in for a landslide . 
  in june , they almost lost . 
   right now the \u00d6vp has a huge surge of popularity . 
  still believing in polls , i see . 
   when italy does the same they get fined abstrusely by the eu commission for human rights , but for the other nations is ok . naaah , it 's more like the game you see in the cartoons by bugs bunny & al. 
  you have the dynamite stick lit up and the thing gets passed over from one to the other . 
  it just happens that italy gets the stick the moment it explodes / s, 
  one word : elections . 
  the spoe and the oevp do n't want voters to switch to the far right fpoe and try to speak the same language . 
  little they know that the customer will choose the original over the poor imitation . 
   just like the italian border near slovenia tends to be quite empty as well compared to other similar regions . 
  but our border tends to follow the alpine watershed , so it makes sense that mountainous areas are sparsely populated . 
  just a word : dolomites . 
  [ case dismissed ] ( https://giphy.com/gifs/obama-mic-drop-out-3o7qdsovfaco9b3mlo ), 
   being dealt with without any say in the matter . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  must be horrible not to have any mp at the eu parliament , no commissioner in the commission and no seat at the council of europe ... oh , wait !, 
  in the 60s . 
  the 50s were an age of conservatism all over europe , and italy was no exception ( the pope even personally telephoned the national broadcaster because two german soubrettes `` dared '' to wear carnation coloured stockings , so on black and white tv it looked like their tights were naked ) , but in the 1960s , especially after 1968 , we also had the wave of fight against the established morals , the echo of the paris 68 riots , etc , and this translated into referendums to introduce divorce ( 1974 ) , depenalise abortion and introduce state funded voluntary interruption of pregnancies ( 1981 ) and reform family laws so that both parents were legal guardians on equal standing . 
  celebrities also played a role in a way , as italy 's most famous singer of that era , mina , was ostracized for having a baby with a married man in 1963 ( he was actually separated , but there was no legal divorce back then ) and banned for one year from tv , only to be called back because fans did not care ( note : the public opinion was not as scandalised when ingrid bergman had twins with director roberto rossellini and was baned from hollywood ), 
  yep , as a bolognese , can confirm . 
  one of our thoroughfares leading out of the city is called stalingrad avenue , and we also have a lenin street and a togliatti avenue :p, 
  emilia romagna , liguria , tuscany , umbria , marche and umbria have been for the most part of the xx century the so called `` red regions '' because of their socialist and later communist allegiance ( read italian communists . 
  they were communists but they did not advocate for the seizure of private property and they 'd rather stay inside the nato than warsaw pact ) and because emilia and tuscany experienced the brutality of the gothic line warfare ) . 
  right now everything is melting down rapidly , so i would not be surprised if the democratic party , the party that took the baton from the communists and progressive catholics , collapsed , should an italian politician a la macron appear . 
  and riccardo illy and lucio malan are both waldesians . 
   ah a tip do n't google italian jewish politicians you do n't want to see the end of that tunnel . 
  do n't worry , i am masochist , but not to that point . 
  in any case , i am half through a jar of nutella , so i could handle it , if i wanted , 
   even the fascist party had 9 jews deputies ( up until mussolini decided to follow hitler in his genocidal idiocy ) . 
  his minister for finances and tresury in 1932-1935 was of jewish origin as well . 
  one of our first prime ministers was half jewish , but that was in xix century . 
  one of rome 's first majors after porta pia was jewish as well . 
  we do n't even have an official anthem to begin with . 
  our de facto anthem is the inno di mameli , but we never officialised it , although we use it in all official occasions . 
  our unofficial national anthem would be the [ va pensiero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfsljt1362s ) chorus from verdi 's nabucco . 
  many people even tried to make it the anthem of the kingdom , but the sad , painful lyrics of the chorus did not bode well with the triumphalist , pompous nationalism that permeated europe in the last decades of the xix century , so it was shelved . 
  paris , rome and florence, 
   germans , austrians : crucchi ( i do n't know the meaning ) , mangiacrauti ( sauerkraut eaters ) , kartoffeln crucchi is actually a word we italians use for germanic speakers , but is slavic in origin . 
  it stems from the fact that during the a-h occupation , the lower ranks of the k.u.k. 
  army was filled by slovenes and croats . 
  when italy fought against a-h and captured pows , these guys called insistently for kruh ( i.e. 
  bread in slovene ) . 
  so we associated kruh with austrians and conflated it to refer to the other german speakers, 
   from roast beef , which we consider a lesser food ) ca va sans dire lol, 
  apart from italian one , which i am clearly biased for , i like the austrian set a lot . 
  like our set , they have come up with a lot of ideas and designs . 
  so much better than the boring monarchical ones  rather than changing the design of the coins , i rather hope the ecb will print banknotes with key european figures and cities in place of the anonymous , bland ones we have now . 
  a beethoven/schiller one with the music sheet of the ode to joy would be cool . 
  the founding figures of the eu , like schuman , adenauer , de gasperi , etc should also be a must . 
  naah , majorca is the 17th , after the 16th bundesl\u00e4nder on mainland germany . 
  amen !, 
  well , since lake garda is the 18th bundesland , we do n't wan na lose too much territory to the bavarian hordes :p, 
  ahah , funnily enough , my parents went to palermo last week and my grandma sold her east sicilian country house to a norwegian man . 
  no , you wo n't notice mafia . 
  but you will find that in palermo there are ruins of houses bombed in wwii and not rebuilt ever since . 
  the reason is that the mafia bosses could not decide who had the right to call dibs on that slice of the city , so they left the rubble untouched ( or so i was told ) . 
  apart from that , i think you might get shocked by the poverty of some neighbourhoods ( compared to the stinky rich norwegians , they are run down like a french banlieu , more or less ) and the lack of public services . 
  however , as an art history fanatic and foodie , i have to admit that palermo is well worth the visit nonetheless . 
  pm if you need extra tips , 
  actually we have also italo trains , but i 've been living outside italy for a while , so i never took them . 
  i am a frugal traveller , so i do n't care if you 've got hostesses wearing a design uniform , etc. 
  the point is that for some foreigners italy is like sub par west , ridden with corruption or something like that , so the idea that our infrastructures are above standards is beyond their expectations . 
  the brits are among them , since you sometimes have a superiority complex ( other times you are like us , taking a sadistic pleasure in bashing your own country ) . 
  probably the dugento ( i.e. 
  1200s ) , as it was the era when modern italian was being elevated to language status and codified , the italian communes were competing against each other and we had great personalities like st francis , marco polo or dante, 
  italian in the uk : i normally have to explain to the brits that `` under the tuscan sun '' and `` la dolce vita '' are movies , not real life . 
  we actually put longer hours that the eu average and have one of the lowest wages in we , so we ca n't really afford to spend the day drinking wine in a piazza , or whatever they think . 
  and we do n't all look dark and olive skinned , nor is italy an uninterrupted series of sunny coastal villages . 
  our territory actually stretches across the whole alpine arch and europe 's southernmost glacier is just some 50 km east of rome . 
  mafia exists but you only notice it in the south , and only in three regions out of 7 . 
  and contrary to stereotypes , some of our infrastructure is actually good . 
  i 'd say that our motorways and fast speed trains are much better than in the uk . 
   the monarch ca n't be a catholic etc is there something similar for the pm ? 
  i vaguely remember that blair came out as catholic shortly after stepping down as pm , so i wondered if it was more of a convention or if there was some rule prohibiting pms from being catholic or non protestant, 
   time to burn some monasteries again you will have to do it over my dead body , if that means no more kloster andechs beer !, 
  would that be the lutheran church in estonia ? 
  yeah , i might be wrong , but i count eritrea and ethiopia in the mena region . 
  no , the only ethnic restaurants you will find in italy are the chinese , some middle eastern and japanese ( run by chinese anyway ) .
