  one is for president , the other is for the entire house of representatives . 
  neither is a `` true democracy '' since both systems are representative democracies . 
  just the us house of representatives utilizes congressional districts and netherlands does n't . 
  arguments could be made for both systems . 
  same problem when ireland wanted independence , lots of american donations, 
  uh oh , now you 're just looking desperate . 
  if you 're going to throw a hissy fit and get upset do n't get all snooty about your beer when your country 's most popular beer is the same style made by the same company , which is even called ** anheuser-busch ** inbev . 
  go clean the sand out of your vagina and do n't talk shit on the internet if you ca n't take it . 
  * also , most guns in the us are not belgian . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting that but you must be drinking or something to get that silly . 
  stella is the top selling belgian beer internationally , but jupiler has a larger domestic market share . 
  either way , it 's inbev pisswater too . 
  sorry , your country 's beer will be judged based on your top selling beer , jupiler , which is a pale lager made by inbev just like bud light . 
  to act like you did n't imply anything about american beer is disingenuous . 
  most countrys ' top selling beer is some form of pisswater , usually a light lager or something similar , and that 's the case for your country too , so do n't dish it out if you ca n't handle it and if you do start talking shit do n't cry about it when people talk shit back to you . 
  no one is butthurt here but you . 
  my butt feels fantastic . 
  if we 're just going on volume , then carlsberg is supposed to be so much better ? 
  what a joke . 
  that 's piss water too . 
  you 've got no room to talk shit . 
  if you do n't know about good american craft beer , you do n't know about beer . 
  so , she tears it up , lights it 's on fire , pisses on it while giving a hate speech against muslims and posts that on the internet . 
  i might not agree with hate speech laws , but that is what this is and it appears that 's illegal in slovakia , so this is in accordance with their laws . 
  if you enjoyed a book by trump you probably would enjoy one by bill o'reilly . 
  no matter the topic , europeans will find a way to be smug douches about america . 
  why does france pay their first lady ? 
  is that something common in europe ? 
  well , you 'd expect that , but i thought you were referring to something else . 
  do they though ? 
  i do n't know of any far flung territories of thiers . 
  besides kaliningrad , what else is there ? 
  russia is one of out neighbors too . 
  at certain times in the year you can walk from the usa to russia . 
  then if you include our insular areas we have maritime borders with many other nations such as japan , netherlands , venezuela , new zealand , united kingdom , and cuba . 
  it 's like a meat canoe . 
   it 's not up to waitresses to take the risks with their income for their employer , sorry . 
  to call it a risk is a gross exaggeration . 
  you can work in the kitchen for a guaranteed $ 10/hr or work in the front of the house for $ 11 - $ 25/hour . 
   the `` trickle down '' is just a lie the republicans this is nothing like the trickle down economics . 
  that has nothing to do with waiting tables . 
   it 's obvious you believe in what you write i believe it because i lived it . 
  i actually worked on the us tipping system and it worked great for me and everyone else i knew . 
  we mad e lot more money than the jobs that were available to us at the time . 
  i believe what i write because it 's fact . 
   waitresses gambling their wage for a random income depending on tips is the exact inverse of reliability that 's a gross exaggeration . 
  that 's simply not true . 
   you are making generalizations that i do n't believe are true i know because i lived the life and worked in restaurants . 
  you live in some other country and might not even have been here let alone taken the time to understand how this system works and benefits those involved . 
   the total wages earned by tipped workers typically add up to about $ 8.75 . 
  that 's obviously not for servers . 
  this throws your whole study into question . 
  it 's obvious got some of it 's facts wrong . 
  serving staff including those at diners and fast casual places on average make over $ 11/hour according to the us dol . 
  if you work at a sit down restaurant you 're making $ 15 - $ 25 + . 
   a system where a working employee risks his wage constantly gross exaggeration  at that point you strike me as willfully blind . 
  at this point you 're strike me as completely ignorant of the system especially if you only knowledge is from a biased study . 
  go to r/talesfromyourserver or r/bartenders and ask about the tipping system and try peddling your bullshit there and you 'll be downvoted into oblivion because it 's complete shit . 
  come come as another ignorant and smug person who has zero experience with something , but thinks he 's an expect . 
  i guess this is reddit though . 
  you should listen to the people who have lived and worked in the system rather than being arrogant and trying to tell them how bad they have to making $ 20/hour . 
  sometimes you 're and expert and have experience with something . 
  sometimes you just have theory and conjecture and you really should spend more time listening to those that actually know how things actually work . 
  go to r/talesfromyourserver or r/bartenders seriously . 
   that 's trickle down theory , `` let 's abolish the interference and they 'll be more paid '' . 
  it 's more than just a theory . 
  this is how it actually works in practice . 
  servers make more with tips than without them . 
  there are real examples of this you can look at . 
  i think i mentioned one already . 
   the reality is that incomes relying on charity are unreliable , leading in many cases to precarity . 
  but the benefits of making way more money out weigh those minimal risks of uncertainty . 
  you usually know about how much a night you 're going to make . 
  it 's pretty reliable and you do know at the very least you will make the minimum wage , but any server making just minimum wage is a terrible server . 
  $ 45/hour is the extreme where the tipped minimum wage has been abolished and workers are making the minimum wage of $ 15/hour + tips . 
  most places the minimum wage is not $ 15/hour . 
  so , yeah that 's not the average , but servers are already making really good money . 
  sometimes more than their bosses . 
  they do n't need to make more money . 
  it 's not an unfair system . 
  there is no problem with our system and it seems to benefit everyone involved . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  i worked for over a decade in foh . 
  you get a wage + tip and the wage covers any taxes you might owe , which you see on your paycheck and on the w2 . 
  both break down your wage income and your tipped income . 
  so as a server you usually still get a tax refund . 
  you do n't get screwed , well not more than anyone else , but let 's be honest more servers do n't claim 100 % of their tips so they do have some illegal untaxed income , they do some screwing themselves . 
  well , when you raise tipped minimum wage like they did in seattle , the money just gets ridiculous . 
  bartending might be a demanding job , but it 's not a $ 45/hour job . 
  servers and bartenders make more than fair wages . 
  i do n't think they are the people that really need help since they are doing good already . 
   i 'd love for the `` tipped minimal wage '' to be banned however . 
  docking part ( most ? ), 
  of the pay using tips as an excuse seems evil to me . 
  they way i look at it is , it just cuts out the middle man . 
  instead of the store taking the money from the customer and then giving some of it to me , the customer just gives me the money . 
  that 's all pretty new stuff , but in those states still the workers make more in tips than they do some minimum wage . 
  there are bartenders in seattle making something like $ 45/hour which is just amazing money , but if you take away tips they would only be making $ 15/hour . 
   you ca n't make a living on a `` tipped job '' , period . 
  not true .
