  none of this would have come up if you did n't start talking about it . 
  sad attempts to insult me coming from a racist only reaffirm i 'm doing the right thing here . 
  and once again instead or denying your racist agenda , you avoid the topic by baseless rhetoric about me . 
  that 's all you 're capable of because deep down you know how wrong you are . 
  i did n't link the two , but you just did . 
  this is the same way you admitted to being a neo-nazi . 
  you keep suggesting these ideas yourself . 
  i 'm not the one raising these points , it 's all be you . 
  go ahead and try to deny it if that 's not the case . 
  the fact that you 're not even trying to say that you 're not a racist or atheist pretty much confirms that you are . 
   by your own words just to remind you that you said you were a neo-nazi , not me . 
  and now you 're spamming me with multiple replies to one of my comments ? 
  now that is actually pathetic . 
  typical atheist . 
  i guess someone so full of hate would consider what you 've said a `` somewhat civilized debate '' , but the rest of the world considers your statements to be racist , hateful , and antagonistic from the very beginning . 
  as far as you ideologies go , by your own words you 're a racist and a neo-nazi . 
  also , by your total lack of compassion and humanitarianism , i 'm willing to be you 're an atheist too . 
  why would i want to continue this discussion when i already know everything you say is just thinly veiled racism . 
  there 's no point unless you want to start elaborating on your racist ideology , which i for one do not care to hear . 
  that 's not even a clear denial . 
  you 're pussy footing around that . 
  that 's pretty much confirms you 're a racist and now you 're admitting to being a nationalist . 
  maybe you are a neo-nazi of sorts like you suggested eariler . 
  i do not care to repeat myself to a racist drama queen who can not follow along a simple conversation . 
  that 's not the question i was refering to . 
  also , you still have n't denied being a racist . 
  incorrect . 
  you have not answered all the questions i have asked . 
  are you drunk or something ? 
  you need to get your facts together . 
  i asked you a direct question and you refused to answer it . 
  then i stated what i was sensing due to your evasiveness . 
  that 's not pointing or shouting . 
  you 're once again exaggerating in order to play the victim . 
  and now you 're playing it up even further by suggesting i think you 're a neo-nazi . 
  either you 're doing this to mask your actual racist agenda or you a serious drama queen . 
  maybe even both . 
  either way you do not know how to have a discussion like an adult . 
  except that 's not at all the article you found and quoted says the difference between the success of us and swedish somalis is . 
  in fact the article gives a clear reason for the difference that we just discussed . 
  but yeah , the delegates and experts are wrong and some dude on the internet has all the answers ... sure . 
  it 's pretty obvious you 're just grasping at straws and googling around the internet to find anything to justify your obvious racism . 
  i ca n't even take you serious when you quote an article like it 's the holy word of god , then turn around in the next post and say that article is wrong in it 's conclusion . 
  you 're flipping more than a mcdonald 's line cook . 
  did you even read that article ? 
  it 's about how successful somalis have been in the us . 
  the next line after what you quoted says the cause of the isssue in sweden is n't the somalis , but the laws and regulation of sweden . 
  the entire article reinforces this by highlighting how succcesful somalis have been in the us and sweden should consider adpoting a similar model . 
  holy fuck , you have to be an idiot to misss the entire point of the article that you found and quoted yourself . 
   so its come down to this , im just a vile racist therefore all my arguments are invalid . 
  good job dodging my question by playing the victim here . 
  the funny part is that you do n't even deny being racist . 
   if you think that the best for sweden i never said it was the best thing for sweden , but it 's be good for the people who are struggling in somalia . 
  this is my point . 
  we 're all humans here . 
  why do swedes count more as humans to you than somalis ? 
  why do you only care about swedes ? 
  what makes these people from somalia not even matter to you ? 
  it 's my guess that it is racism . 
  there are lots of immigrants that live in my town and many are from africa ( lots from sudan ) and that would be an accurate analogy . 
  they support themselves and contribute to the city . 
  your asumption that somalis are incapable of this and need to be taken care of like chldren is just plain ignorant and racism . 
  you tell me . 
  i did n't say to only allow africans . 
  stop dodging my question too . 
  i 'm sensing your reasoning here is veiled racism . 
  why only europe ? 
  why limit it to a certain geographic region ? 
  there is nothing naive about compassion and charity . 
  well thankfully sweden is n't just one man . 
  charity and compassion are good things . 
  you can not deny that even with all hyperbole in the entire universe . 
  a whale ? 
  i 'm old enough to be your daddy . 
  nothing good ? 
  what about human compassion and helping out the less fortunate . 
  somalia is a shit hole and helping people get out of there and into a better place is most certainly a compassionate act . 
  that 's like saying there is no benefit to give a starving man a loaf of bread because , now you 're out a loaf of bread . 
  sure it might not benefit sweden , but there is some good coming out of this . 
  as an american you should really expect that i 'm going to poke my nose in places i do n't belong . 
  as if i would drink * diet * coke . 
  * uk : our very polite bitch * france : rude cheese eating surrender monkies * ireland : drunk catholics * russia : probably still communists * former soviet states : probably still russians * austria : g'day mate and kangaroos * denmark : i think they are the dutch , right ? 
  * germany : only country in europe capable of running itself * romania : racists * spain : they speak mexican and are just as lazy * greece : the laziest country * scandanavia : paradise full of blonde women * italy : sexual deviants who like to give our women sexy names and try them for murder just so they can sneak a peek * switzerland : chocolate and lederhosen * netherlands : potheads , hookers , and other druggies, 
  the french have now created a sort of singularity . 
  no longer is it necessary to have foreign enemies to flee . 
  the french are now running away from the french . 
  someone is not going to get theirs because i took one . 
  i painted the pony blue because i 've never seen a blue pony before , and to be honest with you , i wanted to see a blue pony . 
  he 's just saying what we are all thinking . 
   [ russia ] said it hoped the arrests will not be used to tarnish fifa 's image and will not cast a shadow on the organization 's decisions, 
  it 's now officially called soccer fyi . 
   the divide at belgium is not really correct if i can just get credit for knowing there is a divide in belgium that 'd be cool . 
  thank you . 
  you are right and i learned something . 
  nord though , i think i can say means north germanic . 
  and finland somehow gets in there , but we all know they are a bunch of laplanders ^ 1 . 
  german is probably not an accurate term for the southern germanic groups . 
  but i 'll still put them all together . 
  ^ ^ 1 ^ ( i heard this phrase on a tv show . ), 
  is baltic its own thing ?
