  i did delete my reply because gerrit8500 said it best . 
  that 's fair . 
  maybe i should have bunched the latins together . 
  maybe , but you 're basically descendants of german immigrants . 
  england means `` lands of the angles '' and the current monarchs are pretty much german . 
  seems german to me . 
  even the english language is germanic . 
  [ without putting much thought into it . 
  out of context , i would agree with that statement . 
  sane loving biological parents are the parents a child deserves , but not always the one a child gets and not always the ones that are best for the child . 
  it 's kind of interesting too that while the catholic church has some problems with certain kinds of vaccines are made , they say that despite the issues you still need to get yourself vaccinated . 
  some of vaccines use cells from aborted fetuses , which the church says is a problem , but you need to overlook until an alternative is invented . 
  this shows the percentage that speak these languages ** as a foreign language ** . 
  that part makes a big difference in what this chart means . 
  [ hungarian cowboy ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/wwfeatures/976_549/images/live/p0/23/yb/p023yb4b.jpg ), 
  next week is army , then police posts , then construction workers , and then bikers followed by cowboys , and then indians . 
  that 's probably too broad . 
  the first recorded use of someone calling themself an american was in 1648 . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to call all the indigenous people by a term they did not use themselves . 
  in english , american was originally applied to the people of british america and later applied to the citizens of the usa . 
  i think even after the usa people of the region will use the term as they did before the usa . 
  there were americans before the usa and there will be americans after it . 
  which is go on strike . 
  an american would still be giving the orders . 
  do you think dwarves are real ? 
  i 'd like to see a new elves poll in iceland . 
  a 1998 one found 54.4 % believed in elves . 
  no , we are not allowed to explain because that would create a `` meta comment '' . 
  if they elected a cat i would expect that , but a dog would n't be so sneaky . 
  the reality was that the town was small enough that it did n't need a mayor and eliminated that position after bosco died . 
  bosco the dog was mayor of sunol , california . 
  in 1981 , he beat two human candidates and served as mayor until 1994 . 
  nationally , nearly everyone will say they are american . 
  many feel culturally irish , especially if you grew up in one of the many small tight knit parishes that keep many irish traditions , but that would be more accurately described as irish-american . 
  it 's a shared cultural heritage . 
  ethnically , nearly all of them will claim to be irish if you can trace back at least half of your family to ireland , often less . 
  but lots of other ethnic groups do this in america too . 
  had the ring not survived , he would not exist . 
  that 's was the whole point of destroying it in lotr . 
  when it comes to gollum and the ring , what sauron wants does n't matter that much because the ring has a will of its own and the ring wants to return to its master . 
  it purposely slipped from the finger of isildur even when sauron was at his weakest . 
  the ring is always trying to get back to its master . 
  as long as the ring still existed , sauron always existed in some sense . 
  although after his defeat at the end of the second age , his power was greatly diminished . 
  he reappeared in dol guldur in around 1000 ta ( third age ) . 
  gandalf confirmed sauron had taken control of dol guldur in 2460 ta and gollum found the ring three years later in 2463 ta . 
  so the entire time gollum had the ring sauron was actively looking for it and the ring in its nature was always trying to return to its master . 
  it shows his will in defiance of the ring . 
  so clearly he has some will power and strength to his mind to resist the ring . 
  he would n't be that much under its sway to immediately murder someone upon seeing it without having some evil inside of him before . 
  if he was so weak willed , then he would have brought the ring to its master like the ring wanted . 
  instead he kept it . 
  that shows his selfish will . 
  you could and i think he is , but i think there is enough to say he was a bad person even before falling under the sway of the ring . 
   how is he a murderer before the influence of the ring took hold on him ? 
  he 's not really under the ring 's sway just by seeing it . 
  it takes longer to corrupt someone . 
  how he behaves just based on seeing it really tells you what kind of person he is and even his actions after getting the ring before it truly has it 's grip on him . 
  compare to bilbo who took did n't start murdering people when he took possession of the ring . 
  he pities gollum and stayed his hand and then he did n't go on a murdering spree . 
  that tells you he was a good guy . 
  same thing with frodo . 
  if it were true the ring can corrupt good people just based on the sight of it , then all or at least some other characters who saw the ring would be murdering each other for it . 
  the council of elrond would be an awesome royal rumble . 
  sm\u00e9agol is a bad guy . 
  jackson has his opinions , but sm\u00e9agol immediately murdered someone after just seeing the ring . 
  lots of characters in the story saw the ring and did n't start murdering people . 
  in his heart he is still a murderer even before the influence of the ring took hold on him . 
  that 's a bad guy . 
  it 's football because it 's played on foot as opposed to horseback . 
  in the late 1800s the rules for several different forms of football were formalized all around the same time . 
  including association ( soccer ) , rugby , as well as regional varieties such as gaelic , american , and australian . 
  there 's others two , but all of those sports developed from the same early forms of playing a game on foot with a ball within a few decades of each other . 
  american football being the most popular form of football in the us has been known as just `` football '' longer than association ( soccer ) rules has been known as just `` football '' . 
  both terms were commonly used up until around the 1980s when `` soccer '' fell out of favor due to being misinterpreted as an americanism . 
  [ those get painted differently all the time . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monument_to_the_soviet_army,_sofia#2011:_popart_comics_composition ) also , captain american , wolverine , ronald mcdonald , and santa are not dc characters . 
  yeah , if you want to be a dick about it . 
  uber drivers win key employment case that ends their employment . 
  i think this is the only current beer pipeline . 
  there used to be one in germany , but the brewery moved , so the pipeline went out of service . 
  for some reason i thought there was one in miller park in milwaukee , but i can not find any info on it . 
  people like to go to the beach . 
  some people like to cover up . 
  how would you know he is atheist ? 
  oh right , he 'd be sure to tell you . 
  i do n't support trump , but the us absolutley needs to start cutting its military budget and if we are going to start cutting our military budget we need to start scaling back the defense of other nations ' interests especially when they do n't live up to their end of things . 
  it 's not the cold war anymore and nato is becoming less and less relevant . 
  this is one of the places that it 's very possible to reduce our budget . 
  the other nations in the alliance really should contribute more to their own defense . 
  a lot of their prosperity is partly because the people of the us are the ones paying for their peace . 
  i have some idea on the uk one only because i know scotland wants to stay in the eu . 
  i 'm not sure about the others . 
  and it ca n't all be the same response like yes/no , because there is norway , which if i remember right never was in the eu , so the question would be different and so the answer would mean something else , so it 's not really clear . 
  i can guess , but i do n't know if i 'm right that in all of these red = no to the eu and blue = yes to eu , but again it would be better to have a legend so i know for sure . 
  kind of sucks that it does n't tell you what the blue/red means . 
  it 's no guarantee it was an attack by islamists . 
  it could be something like the attack in norway in 2011 . 
  right , they are two different systems that are not comparable . 
  apples to oranges .
