  player in second session , ai in first i believe . 
  so is mongolia and japan . 
  75 % off at [ bundlestars ] ( https://www.bundlestars.com/en/game/europa-universalis-iv ) is what i found with a quick google . 
  you pick a nation , play it and try to survive and prosper . 
  :p the big difference from sp comes in the diplomatic areas and skill levels of players . 
  its like playing eu4 sp but the player controlled countries are n't as predictable in their actions and you have to negotiate a lot with other players instead of just allying whatever country will be of most use to you . 
  diplomatic relations are very much a 2-way street and you 'll be expected to contribute if you want to receive anything in return while both players may be plotting the others downfall . 
  alliances are also quite geopolitical or at least you should treat them as such if you want to prosper . 
  blame arathian , he 's playing castille !, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3xlrzd/r_europe_does_eu4_last_session_overview_betrayal/ ) is an overview for the last session . 
  warning , it 's a pretty huge wall of text though and you 've got more in the comments from other players . 
  nobody made an overview after the first session so i 'm afraid thats not available . 
  so not a matter of law merely the fact that aftonbladet do n't have humor ? 
  first , `` disrespect '' is a bad translation of `` missaktning . '', 
  i very much doubt a satire publication would fall under this law , and the law carries far more limitations than what might be clear from just reading the text if you do n't also read the prepatory work and relevant court cases + take into account stuff like echr . 
  the republic of florence will be in attendance . 
   [ here ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/z7bisfu ) is a map of the world in 1507 . 
  ( current date ), 
  they are performing security checks or you 'd be getting a lot more . 
  he slipped past them and he reached your border which let him apply for asylum . 
  the laws state that we ( eu countries ) have to give an individual assessment in regards to the asylum seekers need of protection in regards to what their situation is in their home country . 
  simplest way , not really any simple way nor any foolproof one . 
  anyway bribing turkey and similar countries to not let them leave would probably have an effect , hard to do in relation to libya though since there is kinda a civil war there , so the libya-italy/malta path would still be open . 
  make it so that they do n't want to come whether this means making sure their standard of living would not be better in europe even ` working under the table ' compared to the countries in the area of the conflict or something else . 
  there are n't any easy solutions to stop people from ending up on european soil . 
  correct but denmark is also in dublin but not as an eu memberstate but by an agreement between denmark and eu . 
  eu law at its very root does n't allow that . 
  eu asylum policy must be in accordance with the refugee convention . 
  ( article 78 , treaty on the functioning of the european union ) and the refugee convention is quite clear for the case , no automatic rejection . 
  and if they ca n't be returned ( generally 'cause the country they were in do n't want the burden back . ), 
  its our responsibility to try their asylum needs which is done in regards to their situation in relation to their homeland . 
  if we want to disassociate eu refugee-policy from the refugee convention we 'll need to revise the lissabon treaty meaning agreement from every single member country . 
  ( and referendum in some ), 
  not really , even if the eu acknowledge turkey as a safe third country there 's still the problem of sending people back . 
  if the safe third country refuses to take refugees back then the rules say its up to us to try their application . 
  we can probably bribe turkey to take them back but just classifying turkey as a safe third country is a problem in itself since there is a set of criteria that needs to be fulfilled . 
  not really , it has already been proposed in swedish media by joakim ruist , one of our few actual experts ( as in his area of expertise ) on the economic effects of migration . 
  nobody is crucifying him for this . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.svd.se/forskare-overge-fns-flyktingkonvention ) edit : short citation in english from the intro : `` but all the proposals are obviously not enough . 
  to create an actually working refugee policy in eu we must tear up the foundation : un : s refugee convention . '', 
  eh , thats not certain . 
  its not lucky ai france . 
  running out of manpower is a very real threat y' know . 
  that said i do believe rushing explo and expansion was a big mistake on your part . 
  florence here adding some more gamerelated facts . 
  i 'm currently as far as i 'm aware the overall leader in tech and ideas . 
  my losses from the austrian-florentine war are inconsequential and merely monetary to the degree that they matter . 
  i 'm in a prime position to reach the status of great power during the next session . 
  i do believe england could 've made a comeback had the player not relocated . 
  in regards to my former alliance with austria it was one born out of a common foe in venice ( player in first session ) and the proposed division of italy was clearly unsustainable for me and would 've left me as nothing more than an austrian puppet and the ambitions of the republic are far greater than that !, 
  sure . 
  edit : also it was intended as a short historic text of the official actions of the republic . 
  the minimum levels for swedish asylum policy is regulated in eu-law not un treaties . 
  eu law is to some degree more generous than the un treaties . 
  ( and swedish law used to be a lot more generous than eu-law ) determining responsibility between eu-nations is also a matter of eu-law i.e dublin regulations , not un treaties . 
  hence changes need to come at that level . 
  i wrote an aar if you want to read it [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3xfscs/reuropes_eu4_campaign_round_2_coming_soon_details/cy51asl ) . 
  [ here ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/z7bisfu ) is a map of the world in 1507 . 
  i am the reddish color in northern italy . 
  great game guys !, 
  since there were requests for an aar i decided to write one , enjoy the wall of text lol . 
  :3 -- aar the republic of florence 1477 -- 1507 soon after gian castone lessi was appointed gonfaloniere in 1477 , the pope attempted an invasion to bring the florentine lands under his control but the florentine and their austrian allies defeated the pope and his allies . 
  after the war the austrians demanded more gold for their services , not content with their share of the gold compensated by the papal states and their allies . 
  ashamed , but unwilling to break their alliance with austria the florentine had no choice but to agree . 
  in 1487 the republic commenced its 2nd invasion of the venetian republic , that to their shame had not held the actual island of venice since the end of the first war in 1473 which led to florentine possession of the island . 
  the war was short and by 1489 the province of treviso was the newest province of the florentine republic . 
  but the archduke of austria who was not happy to see the republic expand so far north demanded the transfer of the province in exchange for an inconsequential amount of gold . 
  the republic refused and joined the rest of northern italy in leaving the holy roman empire which led to the breakdown of the austrian-florentine alliance . 
  it was during these times that the republic found a new friend in the grand kingdom of france . 
  by the end of 1498 the republic of florence had succesfully captured the provinces of novara and albenga from the defunct republic of milan . 
  but it was during the first years of the 16th century that what will perhaps be remembered as the greatest war of the early 16th century broke out . 
  shortly following the florentine declaration of war against mantua the austrians decided to strike . 
  swift and with no warning they declared war for treviso and attacked the florentian armies at mantua causing a crushing defeat for the armies of the republic . 
  it was at this time that gonfaloniere marco d'asburgo himself took direct control over the army reforming it to his utmost desire at the island of venice , safe from assault due to superiority of the florentine navy . 
  at the suggestion of his friend the french king , he sought an alliance with the dual kingdom of castille and aragon to find aid against the austrians . 
  in exchange for the island of corsica the spaniards would aid in the defence of the republic . 
  to the french he had already offered monetary compensation for their troubles . 
  with the aid of france and the spaniards ; the austrians and their allies were driven out of florentine lands and a white peace was reached 4 years after the start of the war thus ending the first austrian-florentine war . 
  this allowed the republic to conquer the province of mantua strengthening their hold over northern italy and ensuring protection for more of their italian brethren from austrian oppression . 
  but many of their italian brethren are already oppressed by the austrians but may there one day come where they too can join their brethren in the republic of florence as citizens . 
  * excerpt from the history of the florentine republic * ( warning : may not be fully historically accurate ) -- tl ; dr : the republic of florence is the greatest republic , successfully expanded in northern italy . 
  edit : formatting is hard . 
  you can use the 3 rehosts for toilet breaks :p, 
  generally it 'll depend far more on what eu does , the government has already used most of the options it reasonably has available at this point in time at a national level . 
  there 's a reason why the wording is that we are implementing `` eu : s minimum levels . '', 
  if our government has given up the whole permanent quotas nonsense there is hope that we 'll actually see a lot of changes at eu level towards a stricter system . 
  since our country has always been the main opposition towards `` fort europa '' together with germany a change in our stance is actually huge at eu level . 
  ah yeah i was including the eu : s deal with turkey under the outer border measures . 
  anyway i 'm fairly convinced we 'll see quite a bit lower but still high numbers during 2016 . 
  mp games move way slower than single player though . 
  the republic of florence intends to attend and hopefully i can avoid going down the same road that venice did . 
   hopefully i can make it directly to the first start if not i 'll join the first rehost . 
  less , eu is actually starting to do some outer border measures and the eu-commission is bringing up charges against italy , greece and croatia for not properly registering refugees . 
  more and more nations within schengen are starting temporary border measures as well which makes it harder to get to sweden without being registered . 
  if denmark were to start controlling their border towards germany it 'd make a massive difference . 
  thanks !, 
  by the way you should note that the current rate is n't 10k/week anymore so at todays current rate we 'd last a bit longer than 2 years . 
  not much though so the concern is of course still real . 
  not that i think swedish refugee policies are intelligent but do you have a source for that ? 
  i have n't seen that mentioned anywhere .
