yeah my original plan was to suggest a hannoverian-spanish-ottoman alliance . 
  but since spain dropped out and i could n't really see any at the time decent 3rd ally i did n't go for it then and since ottos were losing wars i was expecting them to win i kinda lost faith in the possibility of a hannoverian-ottoman alliance . 
  it had to be done pre-absolute monarchy for my troops to be able to match yours . 
  / u/romaneseuntdomusx did ditch his old alliance last time though , under the threat of italian invasion . 
  too much of my mid-late game plans got either screwd over by players dropping or me backing out of them due to being skeptical of the skill of some would-be key allies . 
  i was actually planning on positioning myself against the bohemia-prussia alliance before prussia could spike to much in power but since spain dropped out when i was gon na suggest an alliance that kinda ended up going down the drain and i could n't really find a potential alliance block strong enough to oppose your joint forces as you kept growing . 
  my own plan was for our alliance to end around 1620-1640 after the fall of france . 
  people seem to have decided to call the playthrough so i guess this is the end . 
  i 've updated the spreadsheet . 
  based on the save uploaded by chreo top 6 by spreadsheet gp determination 1 . 
  bohemia 3 . 
  ottomans top 6 by score with victory cards 1 . 
  ottomans 2 . 
  bohemia 3 . 
  ming top 6 by score without victory cards 1 . 
  ottomans 2 . 
  bohemia 6 . 
  bharat -- anyway climbing from opm to big shark was fun , in regards to starting a new playthrough next week i 'd like for there to be someone else that can take over hosting since i can only participate 1-2 more weekends at max meaning there is no point starting a new one unless someone else can run it . 
  either way i 'll ask around and we 'll see how it 'll be done , hopefully arathian is looking to jump back in . 
  beyond that i 'd suggest for the next playthrough the following rules looking at some of the issues we had this playthrough 1 . 
  top 3 ca n't ally 2 . 
  gps are top 8 and a gp can only have 1 other gp ally , non gps are limited to 2 gp allies . 
  gps are reduced to top 6 at 1650 , potentially not counted post 1750 and only the top 3 ca n't ally rule remains . 
  alliance limit is either lifted or set at dip relations slots/slots -1 . 
  could also just be a plain you + 3/4 people if people prefer that . 
  bringing a new ally in during a war is not allowed except via enforce peace . 
  if you pick a vassal or pu in the first round ( rule in regards to picking pu/vassal kept ) you have to achieve independance within 2 sessions/60years failure to do so or a failed independance war means losing control of your nation . 
  cn rules kept , limitation to nations supporting independance should match alliance limitations . 
  no timelimit on achieving independance alternatively very late game time limit 8 . 
  being force-vassalized/force-pu 'd means game over . 
  pu by monarch death should be either immediately dissolved or a similar limitation to starting subjects . 
  ex 30 years to get independance or so . 
  i 'm not really sure how well the new surrender system works but i suppose if it works well just some limitations on total amount of max warscore taken in a single war from players might be enough . 
  or one could run with no limitations and we 'll see how well it works but i 'd prob suggest some rule against releasing nations that are worth 100 warscore in that case . 
  -- in terms of determining gps i 'd suggest keeping the current spreadsheet way and doing the following adjustments to it 1 . 
  add 75 % of subject land force limit , exception ai colonial nations which will be added by 25 % of land forcelimit . 
  ( since they do n't interfere in wars outside the new world ) 2 . 
  increase the non-western tech modifier , first round post westernization a smaller tech modifier is kept and in the following rounds the tech modifier is counted as western . 
  guess its a isp thing then . 
  hmm , are you running on a wired broadband or a wireless one ? 
  next week is ai hannover week !, 
  chreo ( mexico ) will be hosting instead of me , 
  since i just noticed nobody tossed you a world map i 'll give you the ugly standard one [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rfsvn7o.png ), 
  you 're not looking intensly enough at iberia . 
  well we had 3 new players but at the same time 3 old players not returning , that said we are pretty close to the end at this point and considering the development in the new world its pretty much just your cns and maybe one of the remaining independant countries left there that can be considered worth picking imo . 
  there are n't exactly a lot of countries left and we 've got approx 125 years left which is at max 4 rounds presuming it is n't called earlier . 
  [ save game ] ( http://rghost.net/7ypm2gwzf ) , ottos abandoned tunis when i invaded them which gave your ai an opportunity to seize some land from them . 
  we had 13 players attending , new players on france , brazil and la plata with no attendance from ayuttaya , australia and tunis with no mention from any of these players . 
  please make some pretty maps !, 
  i decided to be nice and left the papal states ai alone even after ottos and france picked it up . 
  leon is a prussian vassal i believe though . 
  ca n't deny that . 
  referring to my beautiful hannoverian republic as dirty ottomans ... hannover , the most glorious of republics , the most glorious of european states , the deciding elector of the holy roman empire . 
  for any new players looking to jump in there is quite a few free countries in the new world available . 
  usa , portugal and mexico are the only current player controlled ones . 
  we are in 1656 and [ here is the world map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unobl88.png ) for returning players i repeat my question in regards to whether there 's anyone who has good enough internet and computer as well as the necessary dlcs ( all content ones excluding mare nostrum ) to cover for me in the eventuality that i ca n't make it next week !, 
  -- also bohemia and papal states has made it clear they ca n't attend this week and thus have the right to take their nations back next week . 
  noted , although if you have the time please check out the discussion i just posted in the steam group !, 
  shit-canned by the party i 'd guess , he was n't on the gothenburg lists for mp in 2014 , in 2010 he was nr 5, 
  only the host needs the expansions , so no . 
  persia actually became independant during this weeks round . 
  uzbek formed bukhara managed to get delhi and form mughals , although the country is sliced into pieces now . 
  hormuz decided to leave the game so viy nabbed it before ottos got the chance . 
  its already updated if you use the link in the post . 
  border gore is love , border gore is life . 
  pretty much everything is also in an article from svt , the swedish equivalent to britains bbc . 
  aside from that aftonbladet is one of the largest newspapers in sweden even if its a left-wing rag . 
  you did n't read the article eh ? 
  it even links to a swedish newspaper as a source . 
  original source is a swedish mainstream newspaper , the article even links to it . 
  that said i do n't think most newspapers are running the story . 
  do n't be silly , you have no ships . 
  its pretty correct yeah . 
  [ map of the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qzkfqt0.png ) , courtesy of mr pope . 
  [ save game ] ( http://rghost.net/6gdlmynwy ), 
  well one of those losses was as a non-cobelligerent so there were no land loss . 
  usa is already a player country . 
  ironically swedish politicians did something similar post ww1 and the military was n't restored to its proper status until sometime after ww2 ended . 
  such beauty . 
  short recap : people decided to use france as an extra alliance while it was ai so my alliance annulled all its alliances . 
  it then allied the papal states ai that had broken with venice . 
  towards the end the ottoman ai decided it could take the france-papal states alliance so it declared for its cores . 
  have n't actually had the time to play a lot of eu4 outside of this mp so my experience with the new patch is pretty much 0 . 
  you 've lost parma and firenze in europe , but other than that you 're alive . 
  might be some more overseas losses though . 
  alliances are a bit messed up since neither you , france nor ottomans had a replacement and thus were ai this session . 
  rhak will prob do a post with a bunch of in game screenshots from the end . 
  [ here 's a world map screenshot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kbm5fff.png ), 
  [ save game ] ( http://rghost.net/6gdlmynwy ) here for those who want to look over it . 
  / u/czokletmuss , pretty map plz ? 
  the [ spreadsheet ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mp9xwj3kbdeh05g5zaowsn7n4jnt5q6wyxfmhmg2bmu/edit?pref=2&amp;pli=1#gid=289178773 ) is updated for next week as well . 
  which nation are you ? 
  sorry i 'm a bit bad with reddit names to country for players i have n't interracted with a lot . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4dz73j/reuropes_eu4_campaign_no2_round_6_coming_soon/d1w377j ), 
  1591 , so its mid game . 
  cns are probably the main thing you could grab although there 's a decent chance some players might not show due to not wanting to continue on this patch . 
  aside from that there are a few players in this thread who have asked to have someone cover their nation for this session . 
  aside from colonial nations you could always cover for someone who is missing today , at least the papal state and possibly bharat as well are needing replacement . 
  not sure if bharat took the guy ming offered . 
  ah i think i forgot to upload the save after last round , been really busy today .
