  to be honest uk has the best situation for not being flooded by large quanitities of immigrants in all of western europe ( excluding ireland ) under the status quo . 
  uk by being a wealthy ** english speaking ** country would attract a lot more if it were n't the hardest country together with ireland to reach without having been registered at some point . 
  most people in the world speak english , they see the uk as one of the easiest countries therefore for them to find a job since they to some degree already speak the language rather than learning a completely new language . 
  that is primarily due to the fact that the commission wants to scrap dublin iii and replace it with dublin iv . 
  it has nothing to do with this case . 
  dublin iv as the commission imagines it would be based on some form of dividing between member states . 
  first off dublin iii is the eu-law which determines which country is responsible for trying an asylum applicant . 
  it allows britain to deport almost any refugee that has been registered in another country participating in dublin iii back there . 
  there are a few very rare exceptions , this is one of those few exceptions because they already had family there and would 've been sent there when the french finally came around to process their asylum application . 
  anyway , there will not be a massive wave of people getting asylum in your country due to this ruling . 
  the uk will never as a member of the eu have to participate in dublin iv regardless of what it contains , due to their entrance treaty . 
  but if eu does make a dublin iv and the uk does n't want to participate it ca n't cling onto dublin iii as a basis for deporting asylum seekers back to other european countries as the rule would be scrapped . 
  if the uk leaves eu and decides not to participate in dublin you have the same situation . 
  no legal basis for deporting asylum seekers back to other eu countries . 
  its worth noting however that currently the support for a dublin iv that is based on a permanent quota system is very low . 
  eastern europe and uk stands as some of its strongest opposition . 
  your membership in the eu keeps the rest of the eu from changing the rules in a way that would harm you . 
  even if under dublin iii you have to take this small amount of refugees its still pretty much nothing compared to what you 'd receive if you lost the ability to deport asylum seekers that have been registered in another dublin-country . 
  yeah , so do n't accuse me of breaking any deals . 
  we never had a deal . 
  why would france be risking war with castille ? 
  castille had n't even sent me a message asking to end the war with tripoli . 
  you were n't warleader and could n't call him in . 
  at any rate france would probably have done it for cash . 
  i like hiring french mercs to clean up my messes . 
  at any rate i 'll admit i read the situation as that castille was gon na support you in the future by his silence and was planning an invasion of me which was a massive reason for what happened this session . 
  [ clearly ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4151x9/reuropes_eu4_campaign_round_4_coming_soon_details/cz11a8m ) i was wrong but i ca n't say i 'm disappointed with the way things turned out . 
  my main interest in north africa-middle east is and remains the triggered modifiers and the alexandria trade node . 
  that said if you 're a thorn in my side i may have to cut you down in size . 
  i have n't even dissolved any alliances with players . 
  they always do it to me . 
  you signed a peace ? 
  i signed a peace with tripoli , you threathened me with castille . 
  i took precautions . 
  i could 've produced enough mercs to kick those troops out of italy but it would 've been a waste of resources since i could just grab some tripolian coast and focus on more important areas . 
  or i could 've called in the french and handed him the money instead for kicking your army out of italy . 
  if you do n't remember i defeated yours and the mamlukian army down there . 
  i do n't appreciate being threathened . 
  i readjusted my ambitions in the region following the threat being neutralized . 
  haha , i was actually intending to go tall in the early game . 
  then everything fell into place and * boom * i was a proper great power . 
  actually if france had n't been willing to end their alliance with castille i 'd probably have been sitting in north italy getting every province to 30 development right now . 
  i would n't say its always necessarily inferior to conquering in an mp , depends very much on location but a spot like north italy or netherlands is actually very suitable for going tall , presuming you have some cost reduction for development . 
  wrong culture provinces with negative religious tolerance in say north africa are generally not worth the mp it costs to core them in comparison to developing your provinces . 
  oh yeah , the shifting game of power balances and also different players have different levels of willingsness to commit to their allies makes for an incredible tension in game . 
  i would n't say everyone playing mp is that good at ` gaming ' the aggresive expansion considering how many players i 've seen mess up on that front and get cut down in size . 
  particularly in the hre . 
  no , the ai somehow managed to mismanage its ae and ended up being a coalition target . 
  i 'm quite confused how it messed up that badly , generally the ai does n't go crazy in eating its neighbours like that . 
  yeah , refusing peacedeals like that is just silly . 
  though what poland did in your last game is seriously lame . 
  play the game seriously , do n't just collect your gang of friends and dump them into the enemies of the nations you want to conquer . 
  there is no fun in that . 
  i at least play mp for the fun of interacting with other players , whether its through war , intrigue or dirty divisions of the world . 
  scotland is colonizing as well . 
  i think its a 2 province minor now , still has cores on 5-6 provinces around it though so a comeback is possible but yeah , its pretty rip . 
  player took over after you left . 
  very especially considering a stab hitting peace deal is instantly accepted at -3 stab . 
  as long as france respects the division of savoy , i 've got no concerns . 
  in fact its closer to say that the newly formed castillian-prussian alliance may be a focus since the protestant league looks to win the league war and that leaves prussia in a likely spot to seize the emperorship . 
  and indeed castille seems to be forming an anti french-italian coalition . 
  people did try in session 1 , he lost a bit to a coalition which is large reason burgundy has been sticking a round for so long but england went solo on an offensive war in an attempt to retake wales which had been lost early on . 
  not entirely sure how wales was originally lost , but that attempt cost them the royal navy and london . 
  had england actually negotiated with me and austria back then a joint strike would most likely have happened with the purpose of containing the then french-castillian alliance . 
  instead the english were crushed scotland liberated and london conquered . 
  austria and i had our fallout and i realigned myself to focus on what to me was the immediate concern , austrian expansion into northern italy . 
  ah , i 'll be linking to it in the next session thread but i do n't really intend to do a recap thread , at any rate i do n't think i 've been following the league war or eastern and northern europe well enough to do a proper recap for this session . 
  would be nice if we had a recap thread in the style of the one mondando did after the 2nd session but those are a lot of work . 
  the americas is divided into colonial regions , and once someone colonizes/cores at least 5 provinces in a colonial region it forms a colonial nation which acts as a autonomous state under their colonizer with its own army , navy and leader . 
  they tend to have color of a minorly different tint than their colonizer at times . 
  umm , he did increase a little bit in north america , its not very noticeable since a cn formed with an awkward tint of his color which makes it a bit hard to distinguish from the ocean . 
  around the massachusetts area if i 'm correct in my american geography . 
  i would 've darkened the color if i had looked over the map properly before uploading . 
  anyway colonies are a pretty hefty investment . 
  if he struggled economically he might 've prioritized his army and navy rather than invest in colonization . 
  but i do n't believe he 's really that much slower than expected all things considered . 
  edit : he also grabbed a lot of tiny islands in the caribbean which each count as a province . 
  the military tech level is pretty even , overall tech level i 've got an advantage of at least 2 tech levels but this is generally in either administrative tech or diplomatic tech . 
  the first ni of florence is ` birthplace of the renaissance ' which does give me some minor tech cost and idea cost reduction which has let me stay at the lead for most of the game in those areas . 
  the main value of new world colonization is the trade value and gold that you can ship back home . 
  economical so to say . 
  you do get naval forcelimit from the colonial nations in the new world . 
  colonies in africa and asia have in general a value of 1/4 of an ordinary province with the exception of trade which is higher . 
  if the province is in a trade company zone you can sacrifice manpower and tax in exchange for even higher trade power in the node which let you control where the trade will flow as well as more naval forcelimit . 
  anyway the reason that castille has such large colonies is that he rushed the idea groups exploration and expansion which sped up his colonization + he was the first to get to the aztecs and mayans and managed to conquer them very easily . 
  actually i have to ask how much diplo were you spending on relations each month in the build up to that war at its peak ? 
  hindustan could be considered one as well , they 've got the force limit and the size to be considered one , they were n't as far behind in military tech as i had expected . 
  that said they are still far behind in ideas and administrative tech in comparison to western nations . 
  a case can indeed be made that they are a great power . 
  mongolia looks big , but most of their land is very low developed . 
  the armies they can field are comparable to byzantium but that is pretty much at most a bit over half of what the great powers are capable of fielding . 
  taking rome as a non-catholic gives the modifier conquest of rome which gives +1 yearly prestige and +1 missionaries . 
  the papal state has n't been evicted out of italy yet they still hold the province between ancona and rome called umbria . 
  anyway when the papal state loses all its provinces it can get a new one from any catholic bishopric however in this case i do belive all the bishoprics have either converted or been eliminated . 
  anyway if i remember correctly the curia will still exist unless an orthodox nation restores the pentarchy . 
  i presume the curia is what you mean with game mechanism of the papacy . 
  the one guy willing to take a bribe , seriously i 'm willing to promise gold right and left . 
  at least the french like my gold . 
  oh yes , the game needed a bit of chaos anyway , would 've been a boring session otherwise . 
   and you got ta admit that the build up to the war of aragonese independance was quite exciting .
