  to be honest i was very convinced that you were planning on attacking me . 
  morocco threathened me by implying you were willing to do so for him after i established my foothold in north africa last session . 
  and just moments after you break the alliance even if it might 've been for diplo slots like you said it made me very concerned . 
  okay here 's my aar , its in two parts for obvious reasons . 
  aar republic of florence 1538 -- 1557 it was in 1538 that the king of france and the grand consul of the great republic of florence met in secret . 
  at the end of their meeting they toasted to the '' demise of spain . '' what followed was the greatest mobilisation of alliances that the world had seen at this point . 
  both sides would seek to gather allies by any means possible , bribes were sent , promises made and broken . 
  by the year 1544 the board was set . 
  on one side france , florence , hungary and russia supporting the independance of the kingdom of aragon , to end castillian influence in the mediterranean . 
  on the other side a grand coalition of castille , morocco , poland , lithuania , byzantium , savoy and the papal states . 
  during the build up to the war the republic embraced protestantism , rejecting the popes authority . 
  by 1547 the war was over , aragon had achieved independance and florence was awarded with the province of montferrat from savoy . 
  with the castillians removed from the mediterranean no one could stand between florence and the conquest of rome . 
  indeed in 1556 the provinces of rome and ancona were annexed by the republic . 
  it was in the following year 1557 that the great republic of italy was declared . 
  thus laying claim to all of italy . 
  aar republic of italy 1557 - 1573 with the nation under a new name the republic set out to increase their north african land holdings , by the end of 1559 the nation of tripoli had been fully annexed . 
  but the republic was not satisified with merely that in the year of 1563 the republic had expanded their coastline to tarrana , the province east of alexandria as well as the province of nablus in palestine . 
  almost no blood was spilled in the conflict , the mamluks prefering to surrender to the mercy of the italians . 
  in 1566 another simple conquest was made when the republic invaded the kingdom of aragon seeking to free some of their italian brethren from the oppression of the aragonese . 
  the king of aragon prefering to not face the italians on the field surrendered the islands of corsica and sardinia as well as the province of messina in sicily to avoid the pillaging of their country by florence and their french allies . 
  in 1570 the province of gaza was acquired from the ottoman empire and after a short period of peace the italians declared war on the mamluks yet again in 1572 and after the battle of cairo the egyptians prefered to surrender the provinces of alexandria , rosetta and jerusalem , leading to their inclusion in the republics north african and middle eastern holdings . 
  -- [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sssrk7x.png ) of the world in 1573 . 
  i 'm now that green color in italy and north africa . 
  great game guys , sorry arathian but it had to be done , i needed rome from mr pope and you out of mare nostrum . 
  i 'd say the true great powers at this stage are italy , russia , france , lithuania and castille . 
  whew that was an intense session . 
  the league war is in full swing but i 'm not a participant despite being a protestant . 
  vanilla , all dlc ( host has them , players do not need them ), 
  the rule is that someone who played a nation last session has first claim on that nation . 
  the following nations are 100 % off the board because their players will be attending today . 
  * castille * france * florence * lithuania * muscovy * mongolia aside from those the following nations were some of the ones in player hands ** europe and near-europe ** * norway * sweden * m\u00fcnster ( not attending this session ) * hungary * byzantium * morocco * the mamluks * ottomans bohemia , austria , bavaria , burgundy and cologne had human players as well but i believe they all left after screwing up during this session and i doubt they 'd be continuing those nations . 
  hre is pretty much completely open with notable protestants in m\u00fcnster and brandenburg . 
  austria while very weakened is still quite strong and holds the title of emperor of the hre . 
  that said unless you 're experienced in managing ae i 'd say pick somewhere else considering how many players have been coalitioned and reset in there . 
  i 've probably forgot a few . 
  i think wallachia might 've been player but i 'm not sure . 
  they were in session 2 at least . 
  hedjaz might 've been human as well . 
  florentine opposition to the spanish-hungarian war is gone . 
  no spaniards on that side of the mediterranean sea !, 
  actually they did n't get to partition him , he started harming my trade so i sent an punitive force . 
  the two large players in between him actually tried to save his country even after he ragequit to prevent me from establishing a north african foothold . 
  sadly for them their joint army proved inferior to mine . 
  i made a recap [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4151x9/reuropes_eu4_campaign_round_4_coming_soon_details/cz0b8rv ) , not a proper aar but i had exams coming up after the last session so did n't have the time to do a proper one . 
  the republic of florence will be in attendance !, 
  [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r64k3xj.png ) of the current year . 
  ( 1538 ) ( addendum i 'm the red in central-northern italy as well as the tiny piece in northern africa . ), 
  since i did n't have time to do an aar after the last round i 'll do a short recap now . 
  1507-1538 * the republic acquired the provinces of milan and verona from the austrians . 
  * forced the bishopric of ferrara into a vassalship and then a decade later ending their special status reducing them to another province of florence . 
  * the provinces of djerba , tataouine and zuwarah were acquired from tripoli after tripolian privateers had plundered florentine trade granting florence a casus belli to establish a foothold in northern africa . 
  the moroccans and the mamluks came to the aid of tripoli but their armies proved no match for the florentine army even though they had the numerical advantage . 
  -- looking forward to a good session lads !, 
  also here 's a short recap of the rest of europe . 
  * england has been reduced to a pitiful small area of land in southeastern england . 
  their land taken mostly by the duke of wales , a french vassal and partly by scotland . 
  * most members of the hre did not flourish during the last session , the only notable player exception would be the bishopric of m\u00fcnster who acquired a decent amount of land area in the northern parts of the hre . 
  * in scandinavia , norway has started colonizing greenland and sweden has allied with muscovites and conquered northern norway . 
  * in eastern europe the friendship between lithuania and muscovy suffered a decline following muscovite expansion southwards and their alliance was broken and in the end it lead to war that ended in muscovite victory since the lithuanians had foolishly been tied up in a war to help an ally in the west and suffered tremendous losses prior the war . 
  * the anti-ottoman alliance is currently embroiled in yet another war against the ottoman empire and this time byzantium look to reconquer their former capital in constantinople and it seems likely they 'll achieve their goals . 
  * castille and france are dividing the new world between them , the division clearly favors the spanish to a very high degree . 
  * war between castille and hungary may be imminent following spanish discovery of a hungarian colony in south america , something which displeased the king of castille-aragon immensely . 
  * protestantism has arrived but as of this time only northern germany , ireland , parts of england as well as some flemish and wallonian land has converted in any notable fashion . 
  the only player that converted during the last session was m\u00fcnster . 
  * all the irish provinces were liberated from english rule in the last french invasion . 
  ireland has united under a single irish ruler and i believe it is meath that has unified them . 
  we will probably see the proper formation of ireland during the next session . 
  -- i 've got no clue whats going on further east but something disasterous happened to the zoroastrians last session , mongolia is looking huge and the japanese seem to have been evicted from manchurian coast but has colonized taiwan and started colonizing the philipines as well as establishing a foothold on the coast of mainland china . 
  edit : added ireland due to arathians request . 
  you can still apply at the border , in the case of sweden the id-checks are done in denmark before people arrive in sweden or at the swedish border . 
  since sweden and denmark do n't exactly share a land border it is n't just a easy case of walking to the border and applying for asylum there . 
  denmark and germany do however share a proper land border where you can easily apply for asylum . 
  swedish media have had a pretty harsh tone against danish politics for several years . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r64k3xj.png ) i uploaded a world map . 
  1538 is the date . 
  too tired to write an aar right now , if i 've got the time and energy i 'll do it tomorrow . 
  i 'm florence the red in central-northern italy , i might look small but by this time i 'm a proper great power . 
  i also own the red stuff in northern africa . 
  ( same color ), 
  ah , guess he ran out of space in his steam friendlist . 
  thats quite a problem . 
  around the top left corner of the steam client it should say `` friends '' somewhere . 
  click it and select ` add friend ' . 
  type his name in and you should be able to find him . 
  or you could probably log in via browser and send it through the link in his post . 
  hre was fairly empty during the second session . 
  i believe only austria , bohemia and brandenburg had players during that session , and brandenburg left early/dc 'd / ragequit . 
  would be nice to have you back though !, 
  edit : forgot hungary that joined the hre . 
  the most recent number for unemployment in eu is 22.16 million with 16.9 million within the eurozone ( ea-19 ) quite a huge difference from the 56mil you stated . 
   [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics ), 
  you did . 
  eu has 508 million people that includes babies and retired people , thus its not 11 % of 508mln . 
  swedish media are hypocrites but the situation is n't like some seem to believe that a publication like charlie hebdo ca n't be published in sweden due to the laws . 
  that said i do believe there is weaker popular support for free speech in sweden compared to countries like france . 
  its very fun !, 
  the game is great for multiplayer . 
  there is a public and a private message system , so yes . 
  since the game runs at speed 2 usually ( faster tends to cause desyncs and slower is only when someone ca n't keep up ) you have a bit of free time for plotting in your peace times .
