   nobody criticizes denmark or uk for not going along with the refugee scheme . 
  i would n't say nobody but i can read swedish newspapers . 
  then again i doubt most swedes even know denmark , uk and ireland have an opt out regarding all this stuff . 
  great game guys , a lot of exciting wars . 
  thanks for the links !, 
  also , oh wow thats a shitstorm , i hope you succeed in containing that madness . 
  so i read the translation of the article and got a few question . 
  what exactly is it that the government has done ? 
  from what i can gather from the text it has something to do with the new government violating the constitution and restricting the independance of the courts . 
  here 's the thing you have an opt out on the schengen agreement , the emu , the charter of fundamental rights and the area of freedom , security and justice . 
  asylum policy is included in the area of freedom , security and justice . 
  you already do not apply european rules on the area of refugees . 
  thats why you 're already opted out of taking a share of refugees under the eu quota . 
  how many opt outs does the uk need ? 
  you have the most in the eu already by far . 
  most eu nations have 0 opt outs . 
  here is the thing only 4 nations have opt outs . 
  uk has 4 opt outs , denmark has 3 opt outs , ireland has 2 opt outs and poland has 1 opt out . 
  thats it no other nation has any opt outs . 
  the only opt out you 're not having that someone else has is the `` common security and defence policy '' that denmark is not participating in . 
  you 're not even forced into the common asylum policy , the refugee crisis has nothing to do with the eu rules for you . 
  but you guys would n't want to join the eea , it includes the free movement of persons ( i.e right for those dirty eastern europeans to come work in your country ), 
  you guys already have an opt out on all fucking refugee shit , you want another refugee opt out ? 
  of course its a compromise , everything that comes from brussels is pretty much a compromise . 
  but when it is as watered down as this its pretty much useless . 
  the stability pact was pretty much worthless since any infraction passes the commission and then the council . 
  generally infractions against eu-directives and treaties go to the eu-court . 
  but since this one goes through the council and the commission concerns ended up thrown out . 
  why anyone expected the members states to jointly make sure this was followed strikes me as insane . 
  rather the whole purpose for not handing this responsibility to the courts was that the member states feared actually handing away the control over their budgets and ensuring it was followed . 
  arguably it was never intended to be followed strictly . 
  the moment its enforcement was politicized it turned into nothing more than toilet paper . 
  there 's only 2 countries that actually are n't currently being marked as excessive deficit , sweden and estonia . 
  arguably greece does n't meet the standards of safe country considering 'm . s.s. 
  v. belgium and greece ' which pretty much means that we ca n't send refugees back to greece if they get to another eu nation even if they are registered in greece . 
  ah no , looking at it i think i opened the comment thread pre-edit then took up that tab again after your edit without updating the thread , that or i replied to the wrong comment . 
  sweden received 10k asylum seekers just during last week and thats just the ones who register . 
  sweden has had the highest amount of asylum seekers per capita for several years within the eu , i 'd argue there 's room for very serious concern at least . 
  ah no , i 'm not objecting . 
  the echr is objectively correct in their judgement . 
  i just find it amusing that so many people argue how turkey should be considered a ` safe country ' but meanwhile a eu country does n't even meet the standard . 
  the european court of human rights already did , 'm . s.s v belgium and greece ' back in january 2011 . 
  belgium was convicted for sending back refugees that were registered in greece . 
  greece was convicted for not giving people a fair judgement on the rulings of their asylum case if i remember correctly + some other shit . 
  thats what i was refering to , we already do n't send refugees back to greece within the eu . 
   after about 10 years in sweden , around 50 % of immigrants have found jobs . 
  its 50 % after 7 years and 60 % after 15years thereafter there is no real increase . 
  it is n't considered a safe country but the eu-commission tried in september/october to get eu as a whole to declare it as such but failed . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.theparliamentmagazine.eu/articles/news/junckers-eu-common-list-safe-countries-origin-raises-questions ) there are 4 criterias a country must fulfill to be considered a safe country . 
  no persecution 2 . 
  no torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment 3 . 
  no threat of violence 4 . 
  no armed conflict, 
  greece is n't even considered a safe country anymore its almost amusing . 
  we start learning english immediately in school then in 6th grade you choose 1 of the 3 electives spanish , french and german . 
  i believe spanish is the most popular nowadays . 
  in high school you either continue with the language you had already started on or pick up another . 
  most high schools only offer the same 3 languages but some do offer others . 
  yeah , i suspected that since it was directed to a swedish audience only the norwegian and english parts are real of the foreign languages since you can expect 100 % of swedes to understand those languages . 
  [ vaskduellen ! / the vask duel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhepmj3n_wu ) you can turn on english annotations they are decent at least ( vaska is waste in this translation ), 
  how does a strike in greece put pressure on creditors . 
  the only thing it achieves is screwing the gov on growth and taxes making the situation worse for themself . 
  syriza wants demonstration against syrizas own government ? 
  c definitely wo n't follow m on this , kd most likely will and fp is a toss-up . 
  m + kd + sd wo n't be enough either you need more than 1 more party joining of the remainder of the alliance and the only potential one is fp unless s kicks mp out of the government and starts working with m on this . 
   lebanon or turkey or jordan none of them are classified as safe third countries by european nations . 
  thus greece and italy has been the safe third countries in this case and thats where the collapse has been . 
  there are discussions to try and classify turkey as a safe country but it has n't been done yet, 
  could i have a source on that ? 
  most of sweden is forest and woodland . 
  so of course a lot of people that come here are gon na end up in the middle of the forest . 
  if you did n't want forests you could 've stopped in denmark . 
  wrong , the left choose to walk out . 
  there was also no agreement for increased welfare for refugees . 
  there was an agreement to leviate the costs for the municipalities . 
  they are just moving some of the costs to the state from what the municipalities usually cover . 
  the pm himself says there 's been discussions with juncker and tusk . 
  personally i doubt he 'd go out and declare something as big as this without having secured some support from some others . 
  correction except two parties . 
  the left party walked out when they did n't get their way ( keeping the status quo ) so neither them nor sd are part of the agreement . 
  also you are misunderstanding the 54k , thats the number of refugees they want to transfer to other countries . 
  demands might be a tad bit strong but our prime minister has gone out and commented it in a interview . 
  the wording used at that interview would probably be closest to `` strongly requests . '', 
  i did n't watch the press conference so i ca n't comment on the wording used there . 
  since its the final session we should just run till either to few players are left or the host ( you i wager ) has to go . 
  close enough, 
  yeni anadolu or whatever the hell rhak named my colonial nation will be there . 
  turkstraylia will be in attendance, 
  the grand vizier shall make sure that the greatest empire under the heavens continues to prosper and spread the glory of god to all corners of the world . 
  you can just make a copy and save onto your own account , i did n't make the first version either . 
  i wo n't be participating for the next couple of weekends anyway . 
  if any new player wants to grab manchu i 'd say its in a pretty decent spot although currently at war with ming but ming is at 0 manpower and you 've still got quite some reserves left . 
  and if you beat ming there 's no real threat left in east asia since japs collapsed . 
  could crosspost r/eu4 rather , i know arath did that to get more players last time , which ended up with us having over 50 players . 
  besides most people tend to sign up on saturday in my experience . 
  set one up [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lnwee6p9tbjciuoqpcoyj1tnaznqmcze58evzp6pawo/edit?usp=sharing ) , also included / u/czokletmuss claim to poland since he called dibs on it in the end thread of the last playthrough . 
  by that virtue no non-eu state is in the single market . 
  eea is also `` just access '' . 
  regardless there is no customs border between swiss and eu . 
  aside from that as the 4 freedoms apply to eea and switzerland they can indeed also be said to be within the single market .
