  we have managed our foreign affairs so that no widespread militant movement has arisen that sees us as satan-come-onto-earth , except when we associate with the us . 
  yeah , i think we are doing quite nicely . 
   let 's not forget that libya was called for by european countries . 
  italy included . 
  italy really not included . 
  we shied away until the last minute because of an embarrassing friendship treaty with libya . 
   and it was n't supposed to be a american-led operation until a good ways into it the logistical network and overall coordination by the participant countries ( which , once again mind you , were european ) was proven inadequate and deficient ( if i recall , some militaries were reduced to dropping concrete training bombs ) . 
   and then , you know , we can totally forget that france was the country which unilaterally invaded mali to stop it from being taken over by islamic extremists who could use it as a spring-board for attacks on europe ( also , funny enough , niger , mali 's neighbor , produces 25 % of france 's uranium ) . 
  my country also assisted logistically with this as well as extensive intelligence support ( though to a lesser degree than libya ) , and we also put down special forces in neighboring countries to assist . 
  everything you say here is right , but what is it supposed to prove ? 
  that america is still better at force projection ? 
  sure , that 's quite evident . 
  however , what i was contesting is that north africa or the middle east should be among europe 's primary foreign policy concerns . 
  two limited interventions in africa do n't outdo decades of intense work to integrate eastern europe ( which , until twenty years ago , was fully mobilized to make war on us ) into our system . 
  eastern europe was and remains our primary concern . 
   instead of relying on a mainly u.s.-backed security blanket through nato , you 'd be relying on a mainly e.u.-backed security blanket ok , so what exactly is it that you disagree with ? 
  we are pushing to have eastern europe , as you say , `` under our blanket '' , although i may add that it 's not just a security blanket . 
  do you see us doing anything similar in the middle east or north africa ? 
  no , and it 's because those are * not * our primary interests . 
   the fact of the matter is that europe has grown stagnant under a collective security blanket offered by the united states , ** the united kingdom and france ** . 
  you might discover that those two countries are , in fact , european . 
   the fact of the matter is , for the past half-a-century , europe has piggy-backed off the united states , the united kingdom & france for the majority of it 's security and military power projection needs . 
  because it was a * choice * for the rest of europe ? 
  defeated germany and italy did not have a choice in how their armed forces were managed until the end of the cold war . 
  both were forcibly included in the anti-soviet security system of nato . 
  it protected them , but let 's not pretend that their level of involvement or non-involvement was an independent decision . 
  also , again , the uk and france are part of europe . 
  seriously , the rhetoric that the glorious us of a protected europe , allowing its countries to neglect their military and `` spend the money elsewhere '' needs to get on track with history rather than nationalistic propaganda . 
  the vast majority of of nato forces in europe were european and paid for by european countries . 
  the nuclear deterrent that protected europe was european just as much as it was american ; both france and the uk had independent nuclear capabilities while italy and germany were never allowed to pursue nuclear weapons . 
   the measure would obligate companies not based in the european union to nonetheless comply with european data protection rules if they operate in europe . 
  it 's a disgrace that this is not already the case . 
  if you want to do business in a country you should comply with local laws , not simply the laws of whatever other countries you operate in . 
  i would have preferred if they had put `` unesco world heritage sites '' for italy but oh well , uefa championships is not so bad . 
  4g is expanding rather more quickly than i would have expected from our traditionally conservative telecoms . 
  however i doubt that our 4g coverage is better than in most of western europe , because we started deploying it a few years later . 
   a strong europe that can ensure prosperity , security and stability on the continent and take leadership roles when necessary in north africa and the middle east is essential for american efforts to manage the economic , political and military challenges associated with the rise of asia . 
  the author is pretty explicit with their meaning , but i 'll provide an even clearer translation : `` europe should pick up the slack for protecting american interests in the middle east and north africa , so we will be free to turn our attention to asia '' . 
  well , no thanks . 
  as it happens , we are already taking care of our own backyard . 
  it is called eastern europe and we want it to be stably integrated into the european economic and political system and we want it out of russian influence . 
  america can be safe in the knowledge that we are taking care of * that * , because it is our most pressing regional concern . 
  america 's mess in the middle east comes in a distant second . 
  no , that 's simply mistaken . 
  the strike and demonstrations were called before the budget `` adjustment '' was announced . 
  the motivation was a generalized protest against lack of action against unemployment . 
  i would personally also add that it was a major power show by the unions , who have kept rather low until now but are starting to put pressure on the government to act along the lines they are pushing . 
  nope , the france24 reporter got his facts mixed up . 
  berlusconi has been banned from any public office , not just parliament . 
  he can appeal the ruling , but it does n't need to be approved by the senate ( the legislative branch has no say on judicial rulings , obviously ) . 
  the senate , however , has to vote on whether to expel any of its members . 
  as it happens , such a vote has already been scheduled because berlusconi is already incompatible with a senate seat due to a different effect of the same sentence that got him banned from public office . 
   do you guys need to pay extra for 4g ? 
  i do n't know in the rest of europe , but not in italy . 
  data plans cost the same whether you are connecting to 3g or 4g . 
  for this case it was actually a rather short time from indictment to final sentence : 2005 to 2013 . 
  the sentence came in october this year , but the court ordered a recalculation of his ban from public office . 
  the judgment that came out today was this recalculation : 2 years ban from public office , down from 3 of the original verdict . 
  now his lawyers will appeal it but it 's practically guaranteed that it will be confirmed . 
  in two or three months the ban will come into effect and berlusconi will be unable to stand for election . 
   i ca n't think even one riot where stores would have been robbed . 
  the text of the question said `` riots '' , not `` protests '' . 
  `` riots '' because the fictional situation is not protests against the government but riots because there is no petrol in britain . 
  protests , even violent ones , generally do n't include attacking public buildings and killing several police officers . 
  riots often do . 
   what the hell . 
  we know that classroom performance is not solely decided by the skills of the teacher . 
  another important factor is the home environment of the students . 
  a ** nd if you make a law that basically says good teachers go to wealthy counties and bad teachers go to poor counties ( since bad teachers get lower salaries ) , you are creating a trap that will keep poor students down forever . 
  ** that 's exactly the crux of the matter . 
  school performance should not be measured in absolute terms , but in relative ones : how much pupils learn and improve * compared to their baseline * . 
  a very simple idea to illustrate the concept would be weighting the classroom performance score by the school district median household income.of course this is a metric that creates all sorts of distortions ( for example , extremely high income neighborhoods would have classroom performance scores that are artificially too low ) but , like i said , it was just to illustrate the concept . 
  better metrics can and should be devised . 
   a government who needs to kill its sovereign in order to stay in power this is n't the scenario . 
  the scenario is that people are rioting because they ca n't go to work , heat their homes or buy groceries since there is no petrol to run the transport system . 
   if such things happen , the best course of action would be to tell everyone in government to stay at home , negotiate in person or step down . 
  another cop out . 
  the government stepping down will not magically fill up british tanks and end the petrol crisis that has people in the streets rioting . 
  i gave you the chance to give a better answer and you failed , because the truth is that there is no good answer that allows you to take the moral high ground and avoid facing the moral dilemma . 
  that 's a nice and satisfying moral cop-out that makes you feel all righteous but it * does n't * answer the question : would it be better to let the violence go on unrestricted ? 
   i 've come to realize once and for all that the keen problem is the electorate . 
  people have the governors they deserve . 
  no , that 's simplistic . 
  why does the electorate keep voting the same corrupt bastards ( that everybody , by the way , apparently hates ) ? 
  that is the question that 's in the mind of everybody in italy and , i can guess , in other countries rife with corruption . 
  the answer is hugely more complicated than `` because they are dumb \\ ignorant \\ dishonest '' . 
  the key factors are : the positional strength of established parties , the personal interests of voting blocks ( e.g. 
  public employees will not vote for someone who promises to give them trouble ) , deeply-rooted ideological commitments ( e.g. 
  an avowed anti-communist will * never * vote left ) . 
   the year is 2040 . 
  there have been riots in the streets of london after britain has run out of petrol because of an oil crisis in the middle east . 
  ** protesters have attacked public buildings . 
  several policemen have died . 
  ** consequently , the government has deployed the army to curb the protests . 
  ** after two days the protests have been stopped but twenty - five protesters have been killed by the army . 
  ** you are the prime minister . 
  write the script for a speech to be broadcast to the nation in which you explain why employing the army against violent protesters was the only option available to you and one which was both necessary and moral . 
  i actually fail to see what is immoral about the events described . 
  the fictional uprisings had already left several police officers ( eton , eton , you should include hot fuzz in the curriculum ) dead . 
  what was better between two alternatives : deploy the army and stop the violence at the cost of some dead , or let the situation continue , hope it dies out on its own and count the resulting dead at the end ?
