   that may be true , but i would tend to be more honest in an anonymous q&a than in one where my name was going to be used . 
  more importantly , it 's common in cases of spousal abuse that the victimized party does not want to involved the police , at least initially . 
  context : priebke was an ss officer who led a massacre of 335 italians , butchered in retailiation for a previous attack by italian resistance fighters on the german garrison in rome . 
  priebke never recanted his crimes . 
  he never denied the massacre , but he argued it was a legitimate retailiation for an attack that killed 33 germans ( the idea was to kill 10 italians for every german dead , but they made a mistake and brought five more ) . 
  nobody wants his body . 
  not argentina ( where he had asked to be buried ) , not italy ( for obvious reasons ) , nor apparently germany . 
  not even the catholic church wanted to hold his funeral and it took a splinter group of nazi-sympathizers like the lefevbrians to welcome him . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ardeatine_massacre#massacre ) is what that poor excuse for a human being supervised :  because the killing squad mostly consisted of officers who had never killed before , kappler had ordered several cases of cognac delivered to the caves to calm their nerves . 
  the officers were ordered to lead the doomed prisoners into the caves with their hands tied behind their backs and then have them kneel down so that the soldiers could place a bullet directly into the cerebellum , ensuring that no more than one bullet would be needed per prisoner . 
   many were forced to kneel down over the bodies of those who had been killed before them because the cave had become filled with dead bodies . 
  during the killings , the existence of the five extra prisoners was discovered , and it was decided to kill them anyway , in order to prevent news of the location of the place of execution from becoming known . 
  [ 10 ] one prisoner , a deserter from the austrian army who had pretended to be an italian , was allowed to live , as a citizen of the reich ; and he was the only witness to tell the tale of the courageous behavior of the resistance priest , don pietro pappagallo , who blessed those about to be killed , before himself meeting his fate . 
  [ 11 ]  some of the german officers involved in the massacre were horrified by the slaughter . 
  one , who refused to shoot , ** was personally dragged to the execution site by erich priebke , who put his arm around the officer 's waist and forced him to kill his victim . 
  **  another , named amon , testified at the trial of kappler which was held in italy in 1948 ; [ 12 ] saying that once he entered the cave and saw the piles of dead bodies , he fainted and was replaced by a comrade who pushed him aside and shot another victim . 
   the massacre took most of the day and soon degenerated into a drunken shambles . 
  some of the victims ' heads were blown off by the shots ; others were only wounded and may have survived until the explosions intended to seal the caves after the massacre was completed : one youth and his father were found in each other 's arms in a corner of the cave galleries which had not been filled with the debris under which most victims had been buried . 
  some crawled into corners to die . 
  edited : correction , thanks / u/ich _ habe_keine_idee, 
  it 's not a half bad idea . 
  we were already supposed to have a comprehensive surveillance system to track ship and boat movement across the mediterranean . 
  budget cuts and delays made it so that part of it was not operational , part had never been deployed , but it 's not acceptable for italy not to have this capability . 
  the problem remains , of course , of what to do once an immigrant ship is identified . 
  the position of the majority of the government is that the primary mission will be to prevent tragedies like the recent lampedusa sinking ( 300 + dead ) , but it 's inevitable that our ships will also participate in rescue operation for much less serious cases . 
  i 'm afraid they 'll become just an effective ferry service that human traffickers will learn to exploit . 
  they have already learned that crippling their ships ( by breaking the engine or purposefully running out of fuel ) means being rescued . 
  good , but there 's still a [ long , hard way to go ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unplbpq.png ) ( gdp ppp per capita ) . 
   the countries will focus on britain for its role in slavery in the english-speaking caribbean , france for slavery in haiti and the netherlands for suriname , a caricom member and former dutch colony on the northeastern edge of south america . 
   they have hired british law firm leigh day , which waged a successful fight for compensation for hundreds of kenyans who were tortured by the british colonial government as they fought for the liberation of their country during the mau mau rebellion of the 1950s and 1960s . 
  compensation for torture that happened to people who are still alive today ( or to their immediate forebears ) is a bit different from compensation for things that happened hundreds of years and several generations ago . 
  liability lasting centuries would mean that any nation has reason to sue any other , given how many documented atrocities have happened in the last few hundred years . 
   `` our ancestors got nothing , '' shepherd said . 
  `` they got their freedom and they were told ` go develop yourselves . ' '', 
  not that it offsets living in bondage , but at least it looks like they got the land . 
  as even the article mentions , after the emancipation american slaves did not even get the land grants they had been promised . 
  i think they are going to have a really hard time establishing that a ) liability exists and b ) if it does , it has n't been compensated by the land they got . 
  good . 
  the big fuckup in handling this economic crisis was that a single market and a single currency did not have corresponding european institutions to manage them . 
  every step in the right direction is a good step . 
   apparently they do n't really know what fuck off means . 
  tell them you have jw relatives who already tell you everything about their religion . 
  unfortunately for me it 's true and when i told the local jws they stopped visiting since i was already covered . 
  yet another reminder of the horrific effects of continued austerity . 
  widespread poverty , destruction of human capital , disenfranchisement of entire communities , all wounds that will take decades and decades to heal . 
  even countries that have `` officially exited '' the slump are still in need of * food aid * from the red cross . 
  and the saddest thing is that the european decision makers seem dead-set on maintaining this failed policy , convinced as they are that the promised upturn is just behind the corner . 
  at least it not their citizens who are paying the price , not yet . 
   why would anyone sell fake drugs ????? 
  extremely high profit margins and less risks of getting involved with organized crime . 
  you can make fake cocaine with ~ ~ sour ~ ~ bitter-tasting ( cocaine is ~ ~ sour ~ ~ bitter ) white-colored otc drugs by powdering them . 
  you sell to clueless people who ca n't tell the difference and are unlikely to turn you in to actual dealers . 
  15 $ in materials for 1500 $ in sales . 
  they did an undercover report on this in an italian program , working with a fake coke dealer in milan . 
  he sold to about 20 people and only one customer told him his stuff was fake ; there were even many commenting on how good his stuff was and how high they were getting . 
  edit : i do n't know the difference between sour and bitter . 
  on the plus side , nobody could mistake me for a coke addict . 
  i did n't know about this . 
  i signed up when i read about the project . 
  then i read that they give you your own monthly report card and access to the database and it 's even better . 
  i really hope they pick me . 
  does anybody know what influences the likelihood of being chosen ? 
  i have no hard time believing that . 
  the first time i went to malta i defaulted to english when talking to people - nope , most people actually had an easier time speaking italian than english . 
  at about day 3 i re-defaulted to italian and never found anyone who did n't speak it . 
   italy , the cradle of the renaissance , last for both literacy and numeracy among all oecd countries ... 
  it 'd like to see the historical trend since testing began , but i ca n't find the old pisa for adults test results . 
  my heart tells me that slashing school funding for 15 years might have something to do with it but data will decide whether this idea is potentially right or is just plain wrong . 
   how accurate is it to compare the cultural differences between us states with cultural differences between european countries as ** americans ** often do on reddit ? 
  ftfy . 
  never heard of a european saying that , probably because we know at a glance it 's not true . 
  i 'd say more fucked in the past than now . 
  bits and pieces of the old corrupt system have fallen off , generally being replaced by weaker , more fragile versions of their past selves . 
  unfortunately , time to let this slow process move forward is a luxury we do n't possess , otherwise we could have a somewhat-normal country in 30 , 40 years tops . 
   what are the reasons for this ? 
  the state is so dysfunctional that it is a positively hostile entity . 
  not getting fucked over by the public administration is such as a surprise that people actually tell friends and family about it like it 's a novelty . 
  at lower levels , it is plain incompetent , slow and costly ; at higher levels it is outright corrupt , inconsistent , ineffective . 
  i can expand , but that 's the gist of it . 
  i 'm tired of the old `` we evade because taxes are high '' tirade . 
  taxes are this high now because you 've been evading like crazy for twenty years . 
  you evade because the system is broken and there 's effectively no punishment to deter you . 
  you evade because it 's convenient and damn the consequences and the public good , i 've got mine to worry about . 
  you evade because there are some stupid idiots who do n't or ca n't and will pick up the tab for you , while you enjoy public goods and services you do n't contribute to pay . 
  it 's a ridiculous situation . 
  i ca n't cite sources in english , but the majority of evasion in italy happens in business-to-business transactions . 
  while it 's simple to evade taxes on retail sales ( you just fix up your inventory a little bit and take cash ) , to evade in a b2b situation you have to set it up : off-the-books accounting , offshore companies to funnel the money through , massively tricked-up inventory , falsified invoices ... it 's a little industry of its own , with accountants that make it their business to set up tax evasion schemes tailored to each business ' needs . 
  it may be true that a lot of people vote for berlusconi because he is anti-taxes , in words if not in deeds ( his past governments actually saw an increase in taxes ) . 
  that 's still no excuse to vote for an idiot that made a mockery of our democracy , put us in bed with butchers and dictators and did nothing for three years while the economic crisis was raging , precipitating us into the present shitty situation . 
   italy had an agreement with libya 's gaddafi , and it worked it also resulted in libya pretty much confining would-be immigrants to concentration camps in the desert . 
  we handsomely paid a despicable dictator to do the dirty work for us . 
  we in italy have n't been nearly as badly hit as you guys in portgual . 
  the bullshit they imposed on you is unbelievable . 
   once again , the report reads , italy is `` ill prepared '' for the surge of refugees italy is `` ill prepared '' because lampedusa is , by no fault of its own , a logistical nightmare . 
  it 's a 20 square kilometers island closer to tunisia than to sicily , with a resident population of 5000 . 
  every year about 40.000 boat immigrants land there . 
  lampedusa does n't have the port facilities , the air strips , the hospitals , the residence centers , the morgues to deal with that many people in need of food , clothing , medical care and sometimes unfortunately a burial . 
  frankly i 'd like to see the eu geniuses who wrote that report try and manage lampedusa . 
   for example , it is currently and rightly believed that bureaucracy is overblown and that regulation , red tape and taxation - including social security charges - are exceedingly high in all peripheral countries . 
  rather than showering money to keep bad debtors breathing , the eu authorities could finance early-retirement programmes for civil servants in peripheral countries , subject to substantial deregulation and privatisation in key areas , including the labour market and state pension schemes .
