  oh wow , the classic right-wing bait-and-switch . 
  in the name of efficiency and prosperity we will cut down on the public sector , reduce workers ' rights and privatize state welfare . 
  notice how the hook is about removing `` regulation , red tape and taxation '' but the actual interventions affect none of those except in the labor market . 
  fuck that noise . 
  if you feign scandal because filing your taxes requires stamps from 7 different offices you propose to change the law and make it so it needs only one stamp ( and you can get it online ) . 
  if instead you propose that we put a few thousand public sector workers in early retirement , privatize a few programs and deregulate the labor market , while mentioning literally nothing about those 7 stamps , it 's petty clear that the motto playing in your head is `` state bad , private good , state bad , private good '' . 
  the fact of the matter remains that the healthiest countries in europe also have extensive * public * welfare programs and great workers ' protection ; oftentimes and especially after the economic meltdown their public programs and labor laws are actually * more * extensive than their counterparts in financially unhealthy countries . 
  interesting , thanks , but i do n't get what it is that they calculated . 
  when i got here :  the health care costs due to smoking amount to 3.7 % of total care expenditure , while the figure for overweight is 2.0 % . 
  i thought they had calculated the total costs associated to treating smokers for smoking-related conditions . 
  but after reading here :  this is relatively little in comparison to the percentage costs of major disease groups such as psychological disorders ( 22 % ) , cardiovascular disease ( no less than 10 % ) , and musculoskeletal disease ( 6.8 % ) . 
  it appears the above figure excludes conditions that , while related to smoking ( among other things ) , are not solely caused by it . 
  if this is the case though , this is n't the relevant figure : if , for example , smoking increases a chance of cardiovascular disease by 5 % , then the costs associated to treating the 5 % additional cardiovascular conditions should be listed under smoking-related costs . 
  is this what is done in the study , or is it different ? 
  the last one here though is an interesting point that is rarely brought up :  such health care consumption during the life-years gained by healthy behaviour results in additional costs that exceed the short-term savings . 
  eradicating unhealthy behaviors could end up raising healthcare costs by enabling people to live longer and thus live into those later years when many costly conditions crop up . 
  really interesting angle . 
   the far leftist ( leaning to totalitarism ) melenchon genuine question : what 's totalitarian about pg 's platform ? 
  i tried to read their programme but the . pdf is typeset like a 1932 mimeograph and my eyes start bleeding after the first few lines . 
   they pay more than their share i 'm not contesting this because i do n't have the data but , uh , what is the data ? 
  what 's the average additional lifetime healthcare cost increase for a smoker over a non-smoker ? 
  - proper burgers . 
  there really is no culture of burgers in italy , tradition favoring other types of meat . 
  you can find them in almost every pub or fast food joint but we never really make them right , probably because we just do n't get them . 
  even middling places in london made better burgers than any i 've had in italy . 
  on the plus side , butcher shops will make you some excellent patties if you like to cook your own . 
  - beer . 
  it 's a matter of taste , but i prefer stout and strong porter and i 'm unaware of any national brewery that produces good ones . 
  most beer that i drink is imported ; thankfully there 's a wide availability of beers from all around europe . 
  - mixed drinks . 
  traditionally we have a large emphasis on wine so spirits never really took root . 
  it 's really hard to find a bar or a club were mixed drinks are made properly . 
  it 's slowly seeping through , staring with large foreign companies who are mostly importing their hiring model wholesale . 
  otherwise , it 's generally a standard interview process . 
  finding an opening to apply for mostly happens through personal contacts or looking for advertised vacancies . 
  on-campus recruiting for college kids is becoming rarer and mostly happens in fields like engineering ( recently had a newly-graduated friend being sought out and hired right out school , yay for him ) . 
  that 's for the private sector . 
  the public sector is different since , by law , positions must be filled by what wikipedia tells me is called '' [ competitive examination ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/competitive_examination ) '' in english . 
  basically for a certain job when n positions are open , a public examination is held and the n best candidates are hired . 
  now this might seem like a good idea but in practice it 's marred by corruption , manipulation and the simple fact that public jobs are safe but do n't exactly pay a lot so they do n't tend to draw the best and most hardworking candidates ( i know , it 's a stereotype but it 's pretty true ) . 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  uber-alpha male roosh bitches and moans about women who do n't find him as charming as he thinks he is . 
  keep up that alphaness bro , that 's what you need !, 
   and they decide to set a fire on the boat . 
  i ca n't even begin to comprehend the stupidity that you need to do that . 
  you know that engines , especially on old piece of shit floaters like that one , can catch fire , right ? 
  i seriously doubt the fire was purposefully started by the people on board . 
  except it was , after they lit it to be noticed by rescuers as the boat was taking on water . 
  it was a choice between risking a fire and certainly drowning ( thanks thyrotoxic ) . 
  no decency , but most of them had government positions or other interesrs better served by refusing to brinf down the government , 
  do n't fear , he did that because some 30 senators from his party were ready to defect and support the government . 
  he tried his hardest and to the last minute to rein them in , but in the end he had to capitulate to avoid fracturing his party . 
  now he has some time to marginalize or get rid of the dissidents . 
  yeah , because people giving out bribes will stop and think `` oh wait i should be doing this with an electronic transfer , using cash would be illegal '' . 
  yup . 
  the law passed and it was supported by the vast majority of the french population . 
  how does the existence of a minority opposition to the law somehow mean that france is not a liberal country in regards to gay rights ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  ** italy ** after failed attempts at delaying a parliamentary vote on his removal from office or obtaining a presidential pardon , silvio berlusconi has ordered his mps and ministers to resign . 
  this move will block parliamentary works since each individual resignation must be voted on by the respective house , indefinitely postponing the vote on his removal from office . 
  withdrawing support for the government is also like to bring about early elections . 
  in a few months , berlusconi will face a ban from public office ; if he can get elected before that he 'll have the chance to change the law . 
  this shitstorm happens at worst possible moment , since the deepening of the economic crisis is set to hit italy 's public finances hard . 
  additional intervention will probably be needed to stay within parameters set by the eu , but it 's unlikely to happen with no government and parliament blocked . 
   he can just go to one of his villas and live a happy with his millions . 
  but he ca n't , he really ca n't . 
  that 's the point . 
  the crimes he committed to build up his empire - pretty much every single one of his companies is founded on some illegal scheme - are catching up to him every year . 
  i mean think about it systematically : - fininvest was built on gigantic tax fraud - mondadori was acquired illegally - rete 4 operates illegally over frequencies that belong to another channel - mediaset lives in a monopolistic bubble created by his laws - il giornale lives off public aid it should n't be getting - ac milan could only survive its debt crisis through the `` spalmadebiti '' ( debt spread ) law and that 's the shit that 's come up until now . 
  if he quits , the investigations and trials that are ongoing can deprive him of personal liberty and potentially destroy more than one of his businesses , and there 's probably a lot of shit that still needs to be discovered . 
  he 's been running from the law from 20 years and if he stops he gets caught . 
  he wo n't pack up and leave behind his companies unless he 's forced to ( i.e. 
  facing arrest ) . 
  yup . 
  the court of cassation is the court of final appeal , he ca n't go higher . 
  in theory he could try the european court of human rights but realistically he does n't have a shot ( unless he bribes the judges . 
  again ) . 
  sorry for the italian link , could n't find any english-language sources yet . 
  a recap of the events : - in 1989 , the business conglomerate cir ( owned by entrepreneur carlo de benedetti ) secured a contract to buy a controlling share in mondadori , a major italian publishing house , by 1991 . 
  at the time , berlusconi owned a minority share of the company but he was trying to get control of it . 
  - mere months later , mondadori 's owners changed their minds and sold their shares to berlusconi . 
  following cir 's insistance that the contract be honored , all parties agreed to defer the matter to an independent arbitrator . 
  - the arbitrator found that cir had a right to buy the shares , and ordered them sold to cir . 
  berlusconi appealed the arbitration on the grounds that the cir-mondadori contract was unlawful in the first place . 
  - surprisingly , the court of appeal decided in berlusconi 's favor . 
  control of the company was given back to him . 
  - an investigation was started following allegations that the court of appeal 's judges were close friends of berlusconi 's lawyer , cesare previti . 
  - the investigation and subsequent trial found that previti had bribed the two judges , using berlusconi 's money , to obtain a favorable decision . 
  berlusconi was acquitted under the statute of limitations . 
  - after the end of the criminal trial , cir filed a civil lawsuit aimed at obtaining restitution . 
  today , the court of cassation ( the court of final appeal in the italian system ) decided berlusconi should pay a restitution of little more than 500 million euros , down from a first degree sentence of more than 700 million . 
   italy was saved by the ecb , greece was not , because it 's not `` too big to fail '' . 
  that 's the gist of it . 
  we suffered through much less austerity than the greeks , but in our darkest hour the ecb started massively buying our bonds on the secondary market , declaring that they would do everything in their ( considerable ) power to prevent an italian default . 
  that was done because a default on italy 's huge debt would have destroyed the european banking sector , precipitating a crisis against which the subprime lending crash would have looked benign . 
  [ here 's a fascinating time lapse of the parbuckling process ] ( http://video.corriere.it/da-alba-ad-alba-rotazione-concordia-timelapse/d0a7b93e-1f5e-11e3-9636-b0708204026a ) . 
  it 's the largest and most expensive salvage in history . 
  i agree . 
  the more pressure is collectively applied to tax heavens , the better off everyone will be . 
  like a bunch of immature children .
