communism killed more than the black death , more than the nazis , more than the mongols . 
  ok we 're playing that game . 
  i wonder how many people have died because they could n't afford to eat or because they could n't afford clean water . 
  after all  [ poverty is the principal cause of hunger . 
  ] ( http://www.worldhunger.org/2015-world-hunger-and-poverty-facts-and-statistics/ ) if only there was a way of providing people with enough food to survive without requiring them to pay to survive . 
  about  [ 21,000 people die every day of hunger or hunger-related causes ] ( http://www.poverty.com/ ) if we take these figures at their word that 's 7,665,000 people per year . 
  most of these deaths will be due to poverty or in other words a direct product of capitalism . 
   where would chile be today if pinochet would n't have saved his country from the reds by killing them ? 
  well for a start they would have had a democratically elected president not a dictator . 
  also there would n't be over 4000 dead/missing people . 
  not amount of bs glosses over the fact that pinochet was arrested for [ crimes against humanity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indictment_and_arrest_of_augusto_pinochet ) . 
   its better to kill them before they have a chance to rise to power . 
  how utterly ridiculous . 
  i understand this sort of rhetoric towards actual nazis because nazis explicitly want to genocide people . 
  in relation to communism this makes no sense . 
  you would only anger the general population and prove to people that you truly are the ` bougie scum ' that they 've been told you are . 
  the fact is political violence is easier to support when it appears to be acting in your interest ( see duterte or communist revolutions ) than when it clearly is n't ( see rhodesia or defending neo-nazis ) . 
  attacking communists for the crime of believing in a system designed to make everyone equal is the latter and is likely to garner less support . 
  pinochet avoided this though dictatorship and fear . 
  communism is n't necessary the solution to capitalism but it is certainly better than the alternative . 
  i 'm not actually a communist so if you want a debate try / r/debatecommunism . 
  i am a anti-capitalist mind . 
  p.p.s / r/debatecommunism are n't a fan of death threats or pinochet worshipping . 
  edit : words-clarity + disclaimer about / r/debatecommunism . 
  why ? 
  / r/killthosewhodisagree, 
   serves them right for stealing them from us in the first place . 
  serves you right for stealing them from the locals to begin with . 
  i imagine the aboriginals might want to talk about that . 
  see you 're learning already . 
  i 'm an expert on resentment . 
  i 'll write a book if you like . 
  with a great deal of resentment obviously . 
  that 's the proper way . 
  tbh i do hate you now after reading that username . 
  edit : after reading your post history i see that hate was well placed . 
  its almost like there 's no tone on the internet . 
  forinland obviously . 
  i think you 're confusing a ban with genocide . 
  whilst this is shitty its nothing compared to the holocaust . 
   what barbaric language is this ? 
  french . 
  without britain they 've abandoned english . 
  the irish have n't been able to speak to anyone and the pm 's letter was translated wrong . 
  they thought ` leave ' meant ` love ' . 
  the daily fail , the sun and the express are all owned by rich arseholes who are n't officially living in the uk . 
  do n't blame us for our rich people . 
  ben garrison can fuck off . 
  if there 's one thing this world does n't need its a racist , islamophobic and antisemitic cartoonist . 
  and antisemite . 
  yep . 
  we do need our country . 
  well we 're going to come dead last so not really . 
  no they would n't because white people are n't effected by police brutality based on their skin colour . 
  unless you can show some examples otherwise . 
   hippie seriously is this the 1980s or something . 
  i thought that sort of mccarthyism ended years ago . 
  how does that even invalidate my argument ? 
  the original / r/pussypass was full of men complaining about women subjugating them when in reality the exact opposite occurs every single day for millions of women . 
  even before the neo-nazi take over / r/pussypass was a toxic place . 
   what 's wrong with r/pussypass ? 
  what is n't wrong with / r/pussypass . 
  they are neo-nazis , anti-feminist arseholes and the_donald posters . 
  its the twat trifecta . 
  so you speak gallic , wear a kilt , compete in the highland games , only eat traditional scottish food , celebrate the hogmanay and know your families tartan . 
  thought not . 
  instead you spend your time in the_donald pretending to be a swede . 
  for someone so obsessed with culture you seem very willing to shed your own . 
  how dare people love each other . 
  i 'm disgusted by other people showing affection . - oomdydoo 2017, 
  if you are so morally repugnant that you do n't see the problem with ethnic cleansing then there 's nothing i can do to convince you otherwise . 
  in other words this conversation is over . 
  i doubt that would be a successful or realistic idea . 
  you ca n't blockade all of the north african coast . 
  have ukip got any mps in wales ? 
  are they in power ? 
  so why does this concern them ? 
  why on earth would i go out of my way to see that orange turd ? 
  especially if he 's speaking . 
  i think your unsure about the meaning of objective reporting . 
  no it does n't because this guy was born in britain before the eu even existed . 
  any immigration that did occur was nothing to do with the eu . 
  if you 're going to blame people at least blame the right people . 
  you seem to be talking bollocks . 
  all people with german citizenship are germans because citizenship is the process of becoming citizen of a country . 
  he was a convert . 
  stopping muslim immigrants would have done nothing to prevent this . 
  most radicalisation happens online anyway so closing borders does nothing but create more radicals . 
  from the look of the_donald in the last few days i 'd say the far right have already exploited it . 
  well this ` joke ' of yours seems to come up a lot on / r/pussypass and other antisemitic parts of reddit . 
  i think i 'd call it antisemitism tbf . 
  breaking news : tabloids are n't trustworthy . 
  sorry but we do n't want help from an orange idiot who based his campaign on hatred towards minorities . 
  that 's the whole idea . 
  do whatever the people want . 
  for the sake of balance macron seems to be doing this as well . 
  people can be black and british/western . 
  see sir trevor macdonald . 
  anti-intellectualism at its finest . 
  how about no ethnic cleansing ?
