  the latin is more like a mother for them . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe it does n't make sense my estonian friend . 
  regards , the hungarian language, 
  well , i 'm very different from my six years old self , but i still count as myself . 
  i meant continuity . 
  i think basque is the oldest living indigenous language in europe . 
  because of that , it probably has some mystic rank . 
  so people are more inclined to learn the basque language . 
  also , it is helpful that they are not oppressing the language anymore . 
  a little support can do miracles . 
  hungary was a melting pot too . 
  i have hungarian , croatian , slovakian , german ancestry and that is just the ones i know about . 
  probably that is the reason why we made such a [ good empire ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5tbtvyk.png ) together . 
  which one is the peasant ? 
  i do n't know how many left the country . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarians_in_serbia ) the population changed like this : ** date - number of hungarians - percentage of hungarians ** 1991 - 343,942 - 4.24 % 2002 - 293,299 - 3.91 % 2011 - 253,899 - 3.53 % between 1991-2002 the number is influenced by the war . 
  a lot of hungarians left because they did n't felt like dying for serbian nationalism . 
  but you can see that after that period the number stays largely the same . 
  we have negative population growth with a huge emigration rate . 
  those who are moving to hungary usually can visit regularly . 
  for those who move to england , it 's usually one or two visits in a year . 
  note that hungarians can obtain hungarian citizenship after 2010 so emigration rate right now is even higher we just ca n't tell how high it 's . 
  some of them . 
  some parents send their kids to serbian school . 
  others send their kids to hungarian school and they have serbian lessons , but these classes are not built to teach you the language properly . 
  usually , hungarian kids in mixed cities speak serbian very nicely . 
  kids in villages with clear hungarian majority not so much . 
  if i remember correctly you do n't need hungarian ancestry to get hungarian citizenship . 
  you just have to prove that some of your ancestors were citizens of hungary . 
  you 're from vojvodina so i think you are good to go . 
  asking for hungarian bloodline would be nationalism . 
  hungary 's national poet pet\u0151fi s\u00e1ndor would not have passed that kind of test . 
  other than that , you need to speak the language at some level . 
  you do n't need to be perfect but you have to be able to understand the language and to express yourself . 
  you do n't need pronunciation like it is your mother language . 
  there 's a lot of minority hungarians who already do n't speak the language properly or they completely lost the ability . 
  lucky for them they can obtain the citizenship through their parent 's ability to speak . 
  hungarian is not easy to learn but if you are serious about moving abroad you could manage it . 
  [ doulingo ] ( https://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/hu/en/status ) can give you the basics of the hungarian language if you are interested . 
  i 'm a hungarian from vojvodina with some bunjevac , slovakian and german ancestry . 
  first i moved to england now i live in hungary . 
  i met a lot of hungarians from serbia both in london and in szeged ( southern hungary ) . 
  in london , i even met serbians with hungarian passport . 
  i guess not a lot of hungarians will be in serbia in the future . 
  the first thing i noticed was that austria and hungary are both green . 
  the kaiser would approve . 
  the dragon is from a famous hungarian tv show called [ s\u00fcs\u00fc , a s\u00e1rk\u00e1ny kalandjai ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0129719/ ) . 
   s\u00fcs\u00fc is a little dragon who is born with only one head , so he is despised and chased away by his family . 
  on his search for someone who would be friends with him he encounters a prince . 
  when they get near a town where everyone is afraid of the ` terrible dragon ' , the prince defeats his friend s\u00fcs\u00fc in a mock fight and wins the hand of the princess . 
    later on , the prince and the princess become king and queen , and s\u00fcs\u00fc the best friend of their son , the little prince . 
  then s\u00fcs\u00fc himself falls in love with a dragoness ...   cute children 's tv series with puppets and lots of songs , the best known is probably '' \u00c9n vagyok a h\u00edres egyfej\u00fb '' ( i am the famous one-headed one ) . 
  gyula bodrogi 's voice made the nice , one-headed dragon unforgettable for everyone who grew up in 70s/80s hungary ... 
  [ i think that 's not an accident . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_ohioans#hungarians_in_cleveland ), 
  on the right wing , everything is about soros . 
  if the economy is shit it 's because of soros , if life is shit it 's because of soros , if your daughter brokes her ankles you know the reason . 
  it 's an ultra liberal secret code for george soros . 
  source : i do n't lie . 
  they say it was unprofitable but it 's strange that it happened from one day to the next and even closed the website . 
  the workers suspect that it was because they wrote some unpleasant articles about fidesz corruption . 
  there were rumours that companies close to fidesz bought mediaworks the publisher of n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g . 
  if you happen to understand hungarian i leave here a few article . 
  i thought some of you might find this story interesting . 
  i copied the article here , but you can check out the original if you want . 
  [ source ] ( http://riowang.blogspot.hu/2012/02/new-barcelona-hungary-1735.html ) `` the governor came to the new barcelona . 
  this name was demanded by the spaniards , for whom the turco-serbian name of the ancient and uninhabited beckerek was an unpronounceable word . 
  with great hopes they came to the empire of their former king charles . 
  but these poor people could not stand the weather of this region . 
  the canal towards temesvar went through wetlands . 
  their place was surrounded by standing water , and after the flooding millions of fishes scattered over the fields were rotting in the sun . 
  the stench filled the air of the zone . '' ( adam m\u00fcller-guttenbrunn , der grosse schwabenzug , leipzig , 1931 ) the town of nagybecskerek ( hungarian ) , be\u010dkerek ( serbian ) , gro\u00dfbetschkerek ( german ) , becicherecul mare ( rumanian ) , that is , the current zrenjanin in serbia was surrounded by large swamps already in this detail of the tabula hungariae , of ca . 
  in 1551 it was occupied by the turks , until in 1716 it was incorporated into the hapsburg monarchy , which made great efforts to improve and exploit the area , repopulating it mainly with swabian settlers ( this is the origin of the family of the nobel prize for literature in 2009 herta muller ) . 
  the place was more or less like this in 1735 , when the spaniards arrived here to found the city of new barcelona . 
  the detail of the area of becskerek , where the new barcelona was founded . 
  click for the full map in high resolution ( 35 mb ) a few days ago we told about the creation of the republic of the angel around vilnius , beyond the river . 
  however , the story of this foundation beyond another river , the danube , on the banks of the river b\u00e9ga , is darker and more poignant , and it ended badly . 
  its protagonists are a group of spaniards , mainly catalans , whose fate was caught between two intricate plots : the exile of the defeated hapsburg party during the war of the spanish succession on the one hand , and on the other hand the territorial policy of the hapsburgs along the turkish borders , particularly in the banat region around temesv\u00e1r ( today timi\u0219oara in romania ) . 
  the bourbon repression in catalonia was very hard after 11 september 1714 , when the troops of the new king philip v occupied barcelona after a siege which lasted more than a year . 
  the exile of the catalans started already in 1713 , but there was still an active guerilla resistance as late as 1718-20 . 
  however , it was also gradually diluted , and one of its most active captains , the bullet-proof and picturesque pere joan barcel\u00f3 , alias carrasquet ( see a modern drawing of his figure ) was also there at the foundation of the new barcelona in the banat , only to die along the rhine , by fighting in the fortress of brisach in 1743 . 
  some of the most exalted exiles hatched utopian plans to found a new country far away from spain . 
  the gorgeous brera library of milan , founded by archduchess maria theresa in 1773 , preserves a curious manuscript whose author , josep plant\u00ed , apart to compare barcelona with troy in flames and the exiles leaving it to found a new and better country under the patronage of charles vi with aeneas and his companions , describes in detail the rules and the organization of an ideal city where the spaniards should live together in harmony and peace in the hungarian lands . 
  [ ... ] the town i 'm telling about , is yours : let us go , start the work , and with your experience put every fear aside , and remember : we are going to hungary , where our fate offers a peaceful seat to us : there we shall resurrect the iberian kingdom . 
  resist and be steadfast in adverse fate . 
  josep plant\u00ed : exhortation to emperor charles vi , in hemistichia ex virgiio lib . 
  1 aeneidos ( after 1725 ) . 
  there is no evidence that the manuscript came to the hands of any minister . 
  the fact is that time was passing . 
  the spanish exiles , generously hosted in vienna and buda , where they received various pensions , begin to be financially too burdensome to their hosts , while there were large and potentially fertile lands to the south-east , recently recovered from the turks , which called for new residents . 
  they were resettled to the banat , an area of harsh conditions for the spaniards who were no longer young , and were not accustomed to the farm works that awaited them there . 
  plant of new barcelona , earlier and later nagybecskerek , today zrenjanin , in the banat around temesv\u00e1r , 1766 ( \u00d6sta / finanz und hoffkamerarchiv , viena ) as a result , from the over eight hundred persons who arrived there in three batches , three years later , at the end of the adventure returned to buda and pest ( from where most of them went to vienna ) only 347 , according to the most reliable estimates . 
  the plague and other diseases were their worst enemies . 
  maria theresa of austria , in an act of generosity , offered two years of pension in advance to those exiles who wanted to return to spain . 
  the adventure lasted from 1735 to 1738 , when the new barcelona project was definitely abandoned . 
  the fourth turkish war ( 1737-1739 ) turned the banat into a front line again . 
  the eventful lives of the protagonists of this story remains largely in the dark . 
  recently , the historian agust\u00ed alcoberro published an excellent summary of what is known about these events : la `` nova barcelona '' del danubi ( 1735-1738 ) . 
  la ciutat dels exiliats de la guerra de successi\u00f3 , barcelona , 2011 , but there is certainly a lot of documents waiting to be discovered in the archives of vienna and budapest .
