  fortunately for you , scottish independence solves the west lothian question , another example of how independence is mutually beneficial . 
  i should also point out that while mps from labour , the conservatives , etc. 
  elected in scotland are encouraged by their party to vote on issues outwith scotland , the snp , leading the argument for scottish independence , have policy to never vote on issues that do n't affect scotland . 
  i also agree , it makes sense that england has the largest say in westminster as a result of its huge population . 
  i 'm not expecting westminster to suddenly introduce degressive proportionality , especially when it ca n't even reform the electoral system or the house of lords . 
  i think this is still an excellent reason for independence , though . 
  how can the people of scotland prosper when they do not have a loud voice in domestic policy ? 
  there are many key issues on which scottish parliament can not legislate , and parties such as the snp have made clear they would legislate on these issues in a different way than westminster has . 
  independence is the one chance the people of scotland have to say `` okay , then : let 's see if politicians in scotland can serve scotland better than politicians outwith scotland '' . 
  i have a feeling we 'll be seeing the answer is `` yes '' . 
  good job on bringing two completely unrelated issues into this discussion ? 
  scotland is still in a stronger fiscal position than the rest of the uk ( by proportion , scotland 's deficit is smaller than uk 's deficit , etc. ) . 
  and no , we will no longer `` discriminate '' against the citizens of other home nations in tuition fees , presuming you stay in the eu - but it is n't discrimination , either ; * all * of the money spent by the scottish government , including on the complete subsidisation of tuition fees , comes from scotland . 
  want free university ? 
  you can fucking pay for it . 
  right now , we 're dealing with england 's favourite party unfairly slashing our budget and pushing our poorest households into deeper poverty . 
  the south 's voting habits alone are a good enough argument for independence . 
  i like the idea of giving company ownership , at least in part , to the employees . 
  i do n't like the idea of those employees being force to * give up employment rights * . 
  i believe jms3r wrote his comment from a swedish perspective . 
  in general , i do n't like to trust vital services to private companies . 
  rail is , for instance , shambolic in this country . 
  could you imagine if water was as badly mismanaged ? 
  for the record , by the way , scotland 's water is * not * privatised , but still privately owned . 
  the average scottish water bill is also lower than the average water bill in england and wales ( but , of course , there are other contributing factors there ) . 
  i would not appreciate any movement to privatise our water , and nor would the scottish government : our finance secretary , john swinney , reiterated the snp 's commitment to keeping scottish water privatised just a few days ago . 
  those eurosceptics are essentially the same people who brand barack obama as a socialist or communist ; they 're using it a slur without any comprehension of what that actually entails . 
  or maybe they 're truly that foolish . 
  from [ this article ] ( http://bellacaledonia.org.uk/2012/11/25/norway-scotland-and-why-i-was-wrong-about-the-arc-of-insolvency/ ) : `` the norwegians stayed out of the eu largely on the grounds that it was too right wing -- a proposition that astonished the tory eurosceptic former defence secretary liam fox on a visit [ to norway ] last month . '', 
  i agree with you on the libertarian front , by the way . 
  i 've never clapped eyes upon a libertarian who thought something that could be privatised should n't be . 
  they 're generally the type who argue public ownership of water is bloating the government and unfairly blocking private companies from making * better water * , 
  there 's nothing inherently left-wing or right-wing about the european union , in my eyes , but it truly is dominated right now by neoliberal economics . 
  that is n't enough to make me want to leave , but i 'm hoping for a more cohesive effort to campaign for the european elections here in the uk in 2014 . 
  the fact we 've never had an election turnout higher than 39 % probably contributes to our terrible europarl representation . 
  sadly , we 'll probably turn out bigots and eurosceptics like usual . 
  reminder : water was * not * privatised `` in britain '' . 
  it was privatised in england and wales . 
  scotland , for example , still enjoys public ownership of water . 
  funnily enough , water is cheaper in scotland than it is in england and wales . 
  i have grown to trust the government more than i trust big business , regardless of how `` big '' that government is . 
  government is accountable whereas business is not , and government is made up of elected officials whereas business is not . 
  indeed . 
  scottish water is public , and john swinney reiterated just a couple of days ago the snp 's commitment to keeping it public . 
  i do not welcome privatisation of water in any form . 
  i do n't think the single currency has an inherent problems , i think there were just fundamental flaws in the way the policy was pursued over the past few years in the eu , and that contributed to its meltdown . 
  should the eurozone crisis come to an end and our economists agree that it is n't a bad choice , i would have no problem with embracing the euro . 
  sort of irrelevant anyway , though ; it 's not part of the snp 's immediate agenda for independence , and scottish independence will be immediately followed by a general election that may not even return the snp to parliament . 
  with the direction the uk 's taking right now ? 
  i do n't imagine any uk leader stepping further towards european integration without some serious changes in our international politics . 
  ukip and a large chunk of tories are terrified of the idea , and i 'm not convinced even a labour win in 2015 would move in the other direction for fear of upsetting the voters . 
  i would n't be too bothered if scotland did regain its independence in 2016 ( as per the plan ) and adopt the euro in around 2018 , though . 
  it 's the same over here on the uk , except sometimes the $ symbol is n't printed on the key . 
  some people will get flabbergasted if they look at the 4 key and see a dollar sign , but no euro symbol next to it . 
  maybe he 's simply echoing alex salmond 's belief that [ england is better suited to republicanism than scotland ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/wintour-and-watt/2011/may/25/alexsalmond-queen ) . 
  we sure as hell are n't going to call it `` plaid '' , though . 
  i 've only ever heard americans say plaid instead of tartan . 
  speaking as a uk citizen : thank god . 
  i think i may have written that in an ambiguous way . 
  i 'm pointing out that he 's describing himself as `` british '' and everyone else as `` european '' . 
  why is he making this distinction ? 
  i 'm proposing it 's because he thinks being british makes him not european . 
  even * better * for the states . 
  low import prices . 
  somehow , i do n't feel that it 's * progressive * change in the eu that the tories are after . 
  maybe the us government realises this and they 're trying to use reverse psychology . 
  the uk would presumably trade more with the states if it left the eu and efta ... 
  i 'd have to disagree with you there . 
  you 're not `` giving up your country '' to be ruled from brussels if you 're supporting a stronger eu ; you 're simply supporting more mutually agreed policies relating to trade , human rights , and so forth , many of which are beneficial to all parties involved . 
  small states empower their electorate , because their people directly elect the government ; take scotland , for instance , where its own parliament would be entirely elected by the people of scotland upon independence , whereas today it still answers to westminster , where 59 of 650 seats are elected by the people of scotland . 
  i think , for one thing , you need to observe that any country has the right to withdraw from the eu , so nobody is forced to remain a member . 
  the devolved scottish parliament can not withdraw from the united kingdom , even though a nationalist party has an absolute majority ; it has to wait for a referendum , which the uk government was n't even obliged to provide . 
  on the other hand , a eurosceptic party receiving an absolute majority in an eu country can immediately begin the process of pulling out . 
  therefore , i do n't really feel that you 're giving up any sovereignty by remaining in an increasingly integrated eu . 
  and , finally , there 's a big difference between culture and political thought . 
  if there are massive differences in public opinion between one region of a country and the rest of it , then why ca n't the people of that region exercise their right to self-determination and declare independence ? 
  it will relieve tension in both of the successor states : both will have a parliament ( or other governmental structure ) that satisfies the will of the two new states ' people . 
  hell , i 'd like scotland to be an independent country , but i can identify more strongly with current french policies than uk policies , even though i share very little culture with the contemporary frenchman , as a scot-german . 
  england , wales , and scotland were united almost a century before the 1800s began . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but * separatist * is indeed a word . 
  i 'd play it too , but that 'd involve rebooting into windows . 
  ca n't wait for the linux version to come out this year . 
   most unionists would accept reunification if it happened democratically . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  the city council that took down the union flag was elected democratically , and their decision sparked violent protests and riots . 
   flags of constituent countries are n't seen as inherently separatist in great britain , just a bit of national pride . 
  that said , it might not stay that way . 
  there 's an infuriating conflation of the scottish flag with the independence movement at the moment , and there are political implications to waving a union flag in belfast . 
  that 's a somewhat different matter . 
  you can secede and then be a successor state , but you do not need to be a successor in order to secede . 
  the good old `` true independence '' spiel once again . 
  i guess that means all eu countries are the same then , huh ? 
  there would be * noooo * difference if belgium was part of germany or if it was its own country ? 
  keep your nonsense to yourself . 
  hang on ... are you really called flemings ? 
  i loved the idea of the av system as well , and i remain disgusted and outraged by the advertising campaign , funded primarily by the conservative party , that used sensationalism and imaginary figures to make the case against it . 
  i think av will become a lesser issue in an independent scotland , though ; while it will remain a good idea , our devolved parliament at holyrood is already a unicamarel chamber elected through the additional member system , which is close to proportional representation . 
  essentially , the proportion of seats held by a party will be pretty damn close to the proportion of votes they receive ( which is not true for westminster ) . 
  we do n't have the house of lords , so our parliament is occasionally considered more streamlined . 
  there are no plans to reform parliament on independence , so we should find ourselves with a better political structure than the uk from the get-go .
