  i 'm often given strange looks for supporting both scottish independence and eurofederalism , but it seems the argument for scottish independence is one of self-determination ( or , for want of a better word , a desire to have a different political future than westminster ) , and the argument against eurofederalism is sheer nationalism . 
   the president should be elected either directly by all of the people or by parliament , which it currently is not . 
  that 's addressed in this very article . 
  second paragraph : `` the german-led push , supported by 11 of 27 eu countries , embraces recent calls in berlin and brussels for a directly elected european president [ ... ] '', 
  i think the reason people think it will be `` undemocratic '' to put power to europe is that people do n't put as much emphasis on european parliament elections as on national ones . 
  when people realise that they still have the same degree of representation in european parliament as any other parliament , they might stop being so pitifully scared . 
  jesus christ , you 're really living up to your username by not giving a fuck , are n't you ? 
  you 've attacked scottish independence , the european union , and demonstrated a lack of understanding of northern ireland all in one comment . 
  bravo . 
  then i hope for my sake that the united kingdom has the decency to wait until * after * the scottish independence referendum to hold an eu referendum . 
  there is less euroscepticism in scotland than the rest of the union , and putting an independent scotland through the hoops of orchestrating a re-entry is a major disservice to the scottish electorate . 
  i see there being some contention if northern ireland leaves the union because so many people cross the ni-roi border regularly . 
  i 'm assuming ireland and the uk may make a private arrangement , but would n't the removal of eu free travel laws still be a bit troublesome ? 
  the thing that really scares me is the prospect of the uk government leaving the european union before the scottish independence referendum . 
  there 's precedent for scotland staying in if the uk is a member during the break-up , but if the uk leaves first , it puts scotland in a dangerous position -- and there 's a greater pro-europe attitude up north than down south . 
  i entirely agree . 
  i look at america and think that it 's a broken system , and that the country might even need to split up into a few ; and i look at europe and think federalisation could be a boon . 
  that 's because there are different ways to approach federalisation , and i genuinely believe trying to approach it is n't a waste of time . 
  interested to see what happens at the european parliament elections in a couple of years ... 
  i 'm not surprised by the line `` britain does not want to take part '' , but frankly , i 'm not that far opposed to eurofederalism . 
  it 's a step in the right direction , at least ; as long as it does not create an environment where entire populations are being forced to abide legislature or systems with which they do not agree ( for example , if a leftist country is forced to adhere to far-right ideology ) , it seems like a worthwhile endeavour . 
  even if i 'm automatically excluded because i currently live in the uk , i 'd like to see it happen . 
  fun semi-relevant story : i misread `` syrian civil war '' as `` spain civil war '' when i was looking at the headlines on a fairly distant television channel last week . 
  freaked out for a moment wondering how a spanish civil war was going on without my having heard of it , then realised it was just syria again . 
  `` the european stability mechanism ( esm ) is a ** proposed ** international organisation '' , emphasis mine . 
  you should be looking at the [ efsf ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stability_facility ) and [ efsm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stabilisation_mechanism ) . 
  reich was a bad opener . 
  score one for europe , finally catching up to the uk 's leading light pollution targets . 
  socialism is distinct from communism as well though , it must be said . 
  the other parent was scottish , mate , 
  i 'm german-born by a german parent . 
  what 's your point ? 
  some of these feel like a bit of a cop-out . 
  hungary looks like a potato , really ? 
  that 's as creative as you can get ? 
  that said , i 've seen some fantastic european pareidolia in the past , so would be cool to see some of that linked here . 
  i 'm curious about the whole `` leaving the eu '' thing . 
  what 's the prime motivation there ? 
  that you do n't want to get embroiled in the eurozone crisis and bail out other countries , or that there 's some expectation that the eu will become a federation ? 
  some aspects of the current union bother me , but i 'm prepared to give it a shot and see it in a better shape a decade or two from now . 
  i would n't say the culture gap is so massive that it 's a prime argument for independence . 
  like aethelstan says , you 'd be hard pressed to find two more similar european nations . 
  that 's not to say there are n't differences : i mean , wales , northern ireland , england , and scotland all have unique aspects of their culture and heritage that i do n't think should be forgotten . 
  there are different accents , languages , customs ( like [ hogmanay ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hogmanay ) and [ the first footing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first-foot ) ) . 
  i think the biggest differences that you could call `` cultural '' are that there are distinct laws here in scotland ( see [ scots law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scots_law ) ) , as well as itv being replaced with a scottish broadcaster called stv ( although we all watch the same bbc ) , plus a little history of political noncompliance with the rest of the uk . 
  i do n't think culture 's a great contributor to the independence movement , though . 
  aha , i had a feeling i might be misinterpreting you , because `` stale '' does seem like a strange word to use . 
  but hey , best case scenario is that we split as peacefully as czechoslovakia did . 
  we do have an independence rally coming up in edinburgh on september 22nd , i believe , but since we 're doing this diplomatically , it would n't do to go for all the rebellion and such ( especially since we 're not so much rebelling against an `` oppressor '' as we are against a certain system of governance that has existed for hundreds of years ) . 
  what exactly do you mean by `` stale '' ? 
  if you 're trying to argue that there does n't seem to be much incentive to go independent , then you 're not very familiar with scottish politics . 
  our policies , like free tuition and not dismantling the nhs , run completely counter to those of the current uk government -- there 's basically a political chasm where holyrood and westminster disagree on many matters , and scottish voters get screwed over as a result . 
  it 's about self-determination more than anything else . 
  thanks for the informative and well thought-out responses !, 
  til that icelanders get student loans from the government , 
  that 's definitely disappointing , but i 'm also curious about one point : university costs are going up , so the banks are having to loan more money , and put students into more debt ? 
  is n't that going to create another financial crisis a few years down the line with the next generation in serious debt to banks ? 
  the idea of administrative staff from public and semi-public companies leaving to go to private sector jobs also concerns me . 
  that does n't only carry the potential to skew the public against nationalised services because of perceived inadequacies in their current implementation , but it might also make for privatisation becoming a more viable option for a lot of the government departments , no ? 
  really , welfare ? 
  i 'm impressed by that ; the uk government seems to be quite happy making cuts to benefits and pensions , so it 's reassuring to know that there exists such a thing as austerity measures that do n't damage that vital service . 
  with the currency restrictions , i imagine the exchange rate with other european countries is n't particularly great , is it ? 
  what 's the exchange rate with the euro like ? 
  ( i could look it up , but i 'm hoping you could provide additional insight as to whether a difference in prices between the eurozone and iceland really makes it a large issue or not , which that number alone ca n't tell me . ), 
  certainly a lot of issues there for hollande to push through , and i do hope he manages it . 
  quite frankly , i had expected the french public to vote for sarkozy simply out of an expectation that he 'd be better equipped to deal with a lot of those problems ; i 'm a proponent of quite a few tenets of socialism , and even i was wary that hollande might not have the experience that france really needs right now . 
  ( at least sarkozy kept his presidential campaign conservative and morose , unlike hollande 's almost ostentatious one . ), 
  i think that 's why the article specifically mentions that sarkozy had a much higher approval rating at this point in his term beginning 2007 . 
  sure , there are big differences in 2007 's economy and 2012 's economy , but it 's a valid comparison on at least a few levels . 
  you know , if iceland rebounds really , really well , maybe people will stop using its financial problem from a few years ago as an argument against scottish independence . 
  i 've read it in / r/unitedkingdom and / r/scotland and each time , i 've wanted to bash my head off the wall with force . 
  can you go into detail about what kind of currency restrictions there are ? 
  plus , where are those taxes mostly going : to what extent has austerity damaged public services , if at all ? 
  would really appreciate an icelandic perspective . 
  there is nothing stopping people who are not corrupted assholes from becoming politicians . 
  they may be less successful , but that 's the point norwegiantoker is making : start voting for people who really want to make a change . 
  i 'm for it . 
  we 're talking about posting * articles * in french and german , not suddenly encouraging multilingual conversation , which might be a bit confusing , in which case i 'm in favour . 
  there 's plenty of great content published in french and german , especially by their national press and so forth , so i would love to see more of it . 
  it should help me improve the german that i lost after spending most of my life in scotland . 
  you just reminded me that feature existed ; i have n't used it since i first registered . 
  however , i 'm not convinced it 's actually entirely functional : i 've seen plenty of non-english content submitted to different subreddits which should but has not been filtered out . 
  perhaps if this feature were to work , then we could have a multilingual subreddit . 
  words that i do not want to hear from any european leader for the rest of my life . 
  take your ignorant us mantra elsewhere . 
  jesus christ , i 'm honestly terrified that somebody thinks the solution to gun crime is for more people to carry guns everywhere they go . 
  there are too many issues with that idea to even comprehend . 
  i think the confusion was in your saying `` password '' rather than `` passport '' , 
  the term `` nazi germany '' is common in both popular culture * and academia * to describe germany during the nazi regime , and in this case `` nazi '' is n't used as an abbreviation of `` nationalist socialist '' , but as a short form of `` nazi germany '' . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable usage , and i have never heard any complaint from germans in regards to it ; since i was born in germany , regularly visit , speak acceptable german , and have a german side to my family , i 'm sure i would have heard by now if anyone was opposing the use of the nazi nomenclature . 
  well , this article goes on to say that it 's unlikely that it is a nazi formation , since the anchors they used were much smaller than the huge one that they found in the baltic sea , so i think lorgramoth is only taking issue with the fact that the nazi explanation is being readily accepted moreso than perhaps more logical natural causes . 
  do you also insist that recently discovered roman artefacts should be described as `` italian '' , since rome does n't exist any more ? 
  it 's describing the period of time , calm down . 
  i 'm sorry for calling you an unidentified object , i was upset . 
  why is your flair the uk flag , but says `` france '' when i hover over it ? 
  i 'm so confused . 
  and northern ireland , of course ... but i notice nobody seems to be thinking of those poor fellows in this debate . 
  that 's really reassuring to hear , given that / r/unitedkingdom seem overwhelmingly displeased at the idea , 
  i think there 's a possibility , sure , given that the snp won the election by a long shot last year . 
  that said , it depends on how well the advertising campaign goes .
