   judicial and political integration ? 
  in the eu we have both progressive to conservative countries and i think there are a lot of incompatibilities which could lead to problems . 
  i 'd like to see further european integration - * in the long term * . 
  yes , there are going to be culture clashes and democratic problems if you unite every eu country into a single , european super-state overnight . 
  i do n't think anybody wants that to happen , at least not anytime soon . 
  regardless , creating tighter and tighter regulations between all european countries will see the eu drift towards federalisation at a comfortable pace . 
  it might mean that federalisation does n't happen in our generation . 
  that 's fine with me !, 
  it means a slow , steady , but determined movement towards greater unity , and that 's the right move . 
  it 's definitely nothing to be rushed into . 
  ( this is also how i explain to people why i support both european integration and scottish independence ; they always criticise me , and try to use this as evidence of alleged anglophobia . 
  i simply value unity that respects democracy and is based on shared values . 
  i believe it 's best for the people of scotland for scotland to be outwith the united kingdom , but within the european union . ), 
   i get confused easily when all of these euroterms are being thrown about . 
  and in one sentence alone , the source of british euroscepticism has been unveiled : the ability of many britons to be ignorant and easily confused when the european union is on the agenda . 
  top comment : `` let 's just get one of our planes and a nuke bomb and nuke brussels . 
  lots and lots of problems instantly solved ! '', 
   however , i doubt that we can switch to such a system overnight . 
  i propose a gradual change rather than a revolution and until abolish money , we need taxes . 
  i was wondering if this was the case . 
  this i agree with : any major change can not be forced over a short period of time , but needs to be gradual and well-orchestrated . 
  that 's in the best interests of all the people . 
   also please note that the `` no taxes '' movements ( anarcho-capitalists and self-proclaimed `` libertarians '' ) have very little to nothing in common with libertarian socialists . 
  yeah , do n't worry , i 'm familiar enough with socialist movements to know this is the case . 
  i do n't take these movements particularly seriously . 
  i mainly associate `` libertarian '' with that outrageous policy of having little or no state oversight of either corporations or individuals . 
  i 'm personally a proponent of social democracy or state socialism ( while keeping my mind open to going even further left ) . 
  i think you have an odd idea about the whole `` other people 's money '' thing . 
  if somebody gave me # 20 and told me to buy them a jacket , but that they 'd like it to be reasonably cheap and good value for money , then i 'd look for a jacket that is reasonably cheap and good value for money . 
  likewise , if the electorate tells the government they want their taxes well spent , the government can either spend the taxes well , or see themselves voted out of office in the next election . 
  is n't free association a key tenet of libertarian socialism ? 
  so , essentially there would be no state to which you 're paying taxes ? 
  i think sanderudam 's issue was that it seems odd for a proponent of anarchism to sponsor the idea of paying taxes to the government , let alone paying more taxes to the government . 
  this comparison makes little to no sense . 
  governments aim to get the best value for money at all times ; they wo n't win any points by over - or under-spending . 
  paying taxes is * not * like giving the government an unlimited credit card and hoping that they 'll be fiscally responsible - it 's like giving them an allowance and telling them to make the most of it . 
  if the people have put some actual thought into their vote and elected a responsible party , then they should have nothing to worry about . 
  arguments like yours are the nonsense typical of `` small government '' proponents . 
  i ca n't seem to access that website on my internet connection . 
  are you having technical problems , by any chance ? 
  it redirects me to www.cafebabel.co.uk and then tells me `` 504 gateway time-out '' . 
  given the opportunity , would greece move to block the entry of an independent scottish state into the eu ? 
  i suspect that he 's french . 
  no idea why he has an nk flag . 
  ** edit : ** i. . . downvotes ? 
  i suspect he 's french because i checked his history and he mostly posts about french politics . 
  i was n't saying anything offensive . 
  yes , he 'll come back and update us with the lack of responses to the utterly stupid questions that have received the most upvotes in this thread . 
  i assume you 're talking about the 1918 election , in which 25 sinn fein candidates were elected unopposed . 
  the party clearly had majority support in the country , but some of its would-be voters never had a chance to cast a ballot - because support for sinn fein was already so entrenched in their constituency !, 
  you 're a drain on the intelligence of your country . 
  the alleged crime was committed in russia . 
  sexism towards female politicians ? 
  they 'll fit right in . 
  another , related question : people who avoided conscription and did a civilian service like [ zivildienst ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zivildienst_in_austria ) - what was it like ? 
  helpfully debunked [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3f1uh6/immigration_megathread_part_iii/ctlbmug ) . 
  the chances of you being in the right place at the right time * with all of your guns * to stop a terrorist attack are pretty low ... 
  so ... crusader kings ii via paint ? 
  i really dislike tricolours . 
  they feel very bland and modern , i think . 
  male politicians seem to love telling women to shut up . 
  see [ alex salmond in scotland ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/alex-salmond-in-sexism-row-after-behave-comment-1-3792650 ) and [ david cameron ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-13211577 ) before him . 
  no worries . 
  just to clarify - the ssp are critical of the eu , but we do n't support leaving !, 
  the present policy is to vote for continued membership in the coming referendum . 
  also , colin fox is national co-spokesperson alongside sandra webster , not the party leader , 
  that 's yet to be decided . 
   i go with latter . 
  was n't neo-nazi infiltration to blame for the german government losing files on [ the nsu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) ? 
   currently attempting to be a more pluralistic and modern left party like syriza why do you think die linke is less pluralistic and modern than syriza was , say , three years ago ? 
  i was reading about your upcoming election a few days ago and was surprised by the fact you 've got * two * new electoral alliances which both have s\u00ed ( yes ) in the title . 
  wo n't that confuse voters ? 
  the scottish left project is n't a party at all . 
  it 's an electoral initiative which has the tentative support of the ssp . 
  for the record , ric ( which involved the ssp and the greens ) is n't formally involved - just some of the individuals who drove it , like jonathon shafi and cat boyd . 
  it 's less `` ric '' and more the rump of the [ isg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_socialist_group_%28scotland%29 ) . 
   their ideology is a bit open to interpretation , but they have suggested that all public transport in denmark made free . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm really interested in free public transport and involved in campaigning for it in scotland . 
  i never heard about this party - could you point me towards some more information about them , specifically involving this policy ? 
   in theory they can change the law and make it not independent this is not illegal . 
  you 're suggesting that it 's okay for governments to treat nominally independent agencies as if they were under their purview because they could , theoretically , pass a law to restrict the independence of those agencies . 
  is that right ? 
  that would make describing any agency as `` independent '' a total sham . 
  that is gorgeous city planning . 
  i 've never said nor implied emotional trauma or triggering at any point . 
  at this stage , you 've gone beyond disingenuous to openly lie . 
  i 'm embarrassed to share a country with you . 
  why do you expect me to even bother engaging with you constructively when you go out of your way to abuse words like `` triggered '' and `` cultural marxist '' ( a term invented and popularised by genuine fascists ) to get a rise out of me ? 
  it 's childish . 
  law is a field that has become more accommodating of women rather rapidly in recent decades . 
  i can imagine that having old white men staring down from every wall might be an uncomfortable reminder of that fact . 
  so what if it changes ? 
  i realise reactionaries do n't like change , but i did n't realise that extends to fucking office decor ... 
  i realise you 're searching desperately for any evidence of the anti-male discrimination you 've decided is rampant in our society , but no , a decision to change the decor is not a hate crime . 
  it affects the people working there in the sense that it is their working environment , and they have every right to change it in the interests of inclusivity . 
  women working there might not want a daily reminder that their field was , until recently , quite exclusive and male-dominated , for instance . 
  the faculty of law at stockholm university is not a museum . 
  it is not an art gallery . 
  it is a place of work and it seems entirely appropriate for the chosen artwork to correspond to its actual function and membership .
