  this subreddit should be moderated in an apolitical way . 
  adding northern cyprus extends the freedom of subscribers to choose the most suitable flair for them , so i do n't see why it should n't be there . 
  business as usual in scotland ; everyone 's talking about independence and the right-ward political shift in england . 
  please , i do n't even want to entertain the thought of ukip forming a coalition government . 
  really ? 
  because the people of scotland lived with coalition or minority governments in the scottish parliament between 1999 and 2011 and i daresay most people were okay with that . 
  coalitions are not inherently problematic . 
  i 'd rather use a system of government that forced us into coalitions than one where you can [ win a majority of seats with the support of roughly a third of the electorate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2005 ) . 
  there 's a difference between your salary and your wealth . 
  this is the dumbest argument against electoral reform i have ever heard . 
  you 're upset that it may mean the values of the electorate are reflected in parliament ? 
  you 're not arguing against extremism , you 're arguing against democracy itself . 
  why would n't it improve turnout ? 
  a lot of people do n't vote because they feel effectively disenfranchised ; electoral reform could tell labour voters in tory safe seats ( and vice versa ) that their vote actually * matters * and encourage them to use it . 
  kidnap a bunch of children and found a new society . 
  i had trouble in london with a # 20 note just a few months ago : /, 
  we 'll find out next year , 
   since the signing of the edinburgh agreement scotland has the explicit legal right to leave the uk , but that does n't make it independent right now . 
  er , no , it has the right to * negotiate * an exit from the uk based on a one-time referendum `` graciously '' granted , with conditions , by the uk government . 
  that 's wholly different from the right of european countries to leave the eu . 
  indeed , i recognise the benefits of a weaker exchange rate , but that 's not what i was contradicting - i was correcting your assertion that the euro could not outperform the pound . 
  whether the uk would want to join the euro hinges on the future character of the uk 's business sector , and of course on social values ( we need not see a business lobby to make it happen ) . 
  i see scotland with its own currency until a compelling argument to join the euro is made . 
  i 'm aware , and i stand by what i said , 
  on the plus side , nobody ever tries to bomb the east coast !, 
  ( not recently , anyway . ), 
  where do we find the scando-french mixed girls ? 
  i prefer those irish dark-haired lasses , personally . 
  god , no . 
  i shrivel up at australian accents . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being downvoted by americans or if it 's just because canada is n't part of europe . 
  having the euro in the uk would be nice . 
  it might mean i could go from scotland to london and actually have my currency accepted , 
  that very much depends on what you consider `` independence '' to be . 
  does the euro threaten the sovereignty of a country , when that country still has the right to leave the eu altogether ? 
  i 'd argue no country in the eu is being * forced * to do anything - even when they are taking harsh punishment , they are accepting that as in their best interest compared to the alternative option . 
  in scotland , there 's a proposal that we should become independent in a few years but continue using a common currency with the rest of the uk . 
  there are genuinely people arguing that such an arrangement would mean we were n't independent at all . 
  do n't underestimate the stupid association people make with currency and independence . 
   the euro is n't going to ` outperform ' the pound no , that 's a very real possibility at the moment . 
  the pound continues to lose value as the euro regains strength . 
  the pound 's value is predicated on the financial sector of the city of london ; the euro actually has industrial powerhouses like those in germany behind it . 
  seems very possible the euro could become more valuable than the pound within a generation , especially if the uk 's economic mismanagement continues . 
  i live in scotland and i 'm pretty sure this is it . 
  in terms of its value . 
  the pound is more valuable than either the dollar or the euro , hence this sort of mysterious british `` pride '' in it . 
  er , yes , since the amount of power concentrated at the european level would increase . 
  i 'm aware . 
  hence my use of `` inherently '' . 
  i 'm pointing out that not all federal structures automatically have `` more direct democracy '' . 
  no ; that 's something to be determined at the 2016 elections , not the referendum . 
  i 've been led to believe the snp want a more welcoming approach to immigration , particularly of young and skilled workers , and i think one of their ministers spoke a little on that in [ this newsnight scotland programme ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-21249581 ) , but that 's entirely dependent on the snp 's re-election in 2016 . 
  i do n't intend to vote for them , personally . 
  the last major shift in employment in scotland was when the coal industry collapsed under thatcher , and the incredible negative impact that had on hundreds of thousands of families and communities is still evident today . 
  regardless of what you think , based entirely on your own uncited thoughts about your own country , i am not prepared to condemn scotland to the same fate again simply because it does not go with your own personal bias against `` those damn immigrants '' . 
  a lot of `` 100 % irish beef '' is actually horse . 
  really ? 
  i recall buying a lot of plates in ikea that read `` made in romania '' not too many years ago . 
  leanne wood of plaid cymru seems to be of the opinion that wales would follow scotland into independence `` within a generation '' if the referendum in 2014 was won . 
  because parties should n't be held to account for things its members and candidates say ? 
  / r/europe is not a place to be open-minded about islam . 
  you really think that you know about scotland 's social and economic issues better than somebody who actually lives there ? 
  we are not norway and we are not sweden . 
  we have actual , tangible issues with skill shortages which is exacerbated by tough immigration policy . 
  you might have plenty of engineers , but [ we do n't ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/business/company-news/warning-over-engineering-skill-shortage.19548437 ) . 
  can you do something about your murder rate first ? 
  with our ageing population , we 're absolutely fucked if we do n't attract young , skilled workers . 
  this pace of immigration , restricted by policy determined in london , is going to kill the scottish economy . 
  't was just a joke , 
  i live in scotland , where i 'm fairly sure the proportion of white britons is in the 90-95 % range . 
  our immigration policy is designed with england in mind , which is pretty harmful to us in terms of demographics . 
  that does give me a poorer understanding of life in a multiethnic country . 
  why could n't those things be achieved without federalism ? 
  that just sounds like further integration . 
  more direct democracy ? 
  not inherently . 
  look at the us ; they 've a federal structure of government and nobody is seriously arguing that the democrat-republican hegemony is empowering the electorate . 
  it 's * possible * to achieve more direct democracy as part of a federal union than there is in most european countries today , but it 's not an inherent feature . 
  i was making fun of the fact you suggested europe should be less multicultural when europe has , inherently , a mix of thirty or more cultures of different european nations , so a crusade against multiculturalism could eventually be a crusade against the italian culture , or the spanish culture . 
  the uk is inherently multicultural ; after all , the concept of a single british culture and ethnicity is only a few hundred years old - that 's nothing in the history of european nations !, 
  essentially , you 're saying that you support multiculturalism , but you think the pace of immigration from muslim countries is actually creating a new cultural hegemony than creating multiculturalism ? 
  that 's an interesting perspective . 
  internationalism and multiculturalism are very different things . 
  you think the multiculturalism is the root of the problem , rather than racism or intersectionalist classism ? 
  why not ? 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with cultural diversity , and there 's plenty to be gained by encouraging integration of foreign peoples into our country . 
  the european union is built on the shared values and histories of the various european peoples ; to promote your own culture and ethnicity above others flies in the face of that . 
  europe should be less multicultural ? 
  i hope you 're prepared to welcome a french-german cultural hegemony in italy with open arms !, 
  while i loathe the lib dems for putting the conservatives into power , they have mitigated the impact of many damaging tory policies and nipped some others , like the re-evaluation of the barnett formula , in the bud . 
  i hate to imagine what a tory-ukip coalition would look like . 
  i imagine it will take a lot more than a single election to elevate ukip to opposition status . 
  what abject bullshit . 
  the snp do not campaign on a platform of anglophobia , nor is scottish independence an anglophobic movement . 
  would you mind learning at least something about scottish politics before you make wildly inaccurate statements ? 
  hell , six of the snp 's msps in the 2007-11 parliamentary term * were * english . 
  it 's frustrating that scotland , as part of the uk , has only 6 meps . 
  i love the idea of degressive proportionality in europarl , but it only makes me want independence even more ; ireland , with a smaller population than scotland , has 12 meps . 
  i 'm jealous of that . 
  amen .
