  i care very little for the rebate , and i 'd actually like for scotland to be a member of schengen - although , unfortunately , we ca n't do that without threatening our membership of the uk 's common travel area . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're citing the uk 's euroscepticism , anyway ; you do realise that the powers which our government wants to repatriate are ultimately those of financial regulation and , for instance , labour laws ? 
  i 'm not excited by the prospect of more irresponsible banking and no protection under the working time directive . 
  12 seats in european parliament is still a hell of a lot better of the 6 seats we have today , through the united kingdom . 
  you 're actually aiding my argument : we 're marginalised in westminster * and * brussels , and scottish independence tackles both of those issues . 
  also , i do n't see the value in pointing out that tony blair was scottish . 
  i never claimed that there exist no misguided scottish people . 
  given that blair was elected by the entire uk , not just scotland , and did n't campaign on the platform of `` i 'm going to declare war on iraq '' , not to mention the fact tht westminster 's broken elctoral system really made the election into `` tories or labour ? 
  '' , i find this an invalid argument . 
  i know why scotland is outnumbered by london , and although we could obviously implement a degressive proportionality system as seen in europarl , i agree that this would be unfair and counter-intuitive . 
  however , since there exists this inherent issue where london will * always * be prioritised over scotland , why should n't scotland take this opportunity to solve that problem with independence ? 
  even the liberal democrats , who have long supported federalism , do n't want to devolve key issues like welfare and pensions to the uk 's constituent countries . 
  and come on - federalism will continue to lead to arguments and fights over who is `` subsidising '' who . 
  it 's a possibility , but we 're not getting a referendum on federalism , we 're getting one on independence : and i 'm not rejecting the one option offered to us in favour of a hypothetical one proposed only by a fringe party . 
  i like seeing your comments around the site , fairwolf . 
  the same is true for many diplomatic measures , for instance the establishment and continuation of the european union !, 
  and you ca n't argue that it has n't benefited people in the long run . 
  scottish independence is the same ; it 's a relatively small amount of paperwork and negotiation that benefits scotland and empowers the scottish electorate in the long run . 
  indeed , it does , and that 's a fair point . 
  plus , it puts pressure on the uk government to do the same in outlining a plan for `` yes '' - like the electoral commission recommended . 
   oh well , it 's not like it 's going to happen , anyway . 
  let 's not be defeatist just yet . 
  your flair says you 're from germany . 
  how much do you think you know about scotland 's domestic politics ? 
   although at the moment i can understand the idea of scotland leaving the uk may seem surprising from the outside but i 'm sure that 's what people thought at the time about many other historically successful independence movements . 
  i 'm reminded of the indian independence movement , which was associated with the british empire claiming there was no such thing as an indian identity or indian culture . 
  they said that `` india '' was simply a geographical term , with no socio-political consequences . 
  indeed , there was a partition upon independence , but the biggest chunk of that colony remained india , and has developed a great indian culture . 
  technically , the union with northern ireland happened much later than 1801 - the union that happened back then was with all of ireland !, 
  and we all know how that one went . 
  scot here with the full intentions of voting yes . 
  this has * nothing * to do with simple cultural differences , at least to me . 
  i still feel like part of a shared `` british '' identity , although it 's unfair to link that directly to the british state , because i have as much common ground with people from ireland as with people from england . 
  like irvine welsh said : `` swedes , norwegians and danes remain on amicable terms ; they trade , co-operate and visit each other socially any time they like . 
  they do n't need a pompous , blustering state called scandinavia , informing them from stockholm how wonderful they all are , but ( kind of ) only really meaning sweden . '', 
  politically , scotland is very different from the uk as a whole . 
  this is essentially acknowledged by the uk government through the very existence of devolution : the fact that we have a scottish parliament , and it has chosen to exercise power at odds with the british government , should tell you everything you need to know about the state of politics here . 
  the snp is n't a single-policy party , either , they 're a social democratic party , and possibly the last one to exist in the uk . 
  the snp 's approval rate has barely changed since their landslide victory in 2011 . 
  the uk 's conservative prime minister is probably quite embarrassed that his party only has a single member of parliament from scotland ( that 's 1 out of 59 ) . 
  then , parliament in the first place is a problem : scotland has only 59 seats , meaning it 's outnumbered by london alone with 73 . 
  how can any scot feel that their vote matters when their concerns are largely ignored by westminster ? 
  before devolution at the turn of the millennium , scottish issues were barely addressed . 
  even relatively simple scottish developments like the skye bridge were turned into clusterfucks by the uk 's government . 
  it 's been proven through devolution that scotland is governed best by the people of scotland , and independence is about completing the power of the scottish parliament so it can legislate in all areas . 
  practically , that means removing nuclear weapons from the clyde ( along with its [ leaked nuclear waste ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/may/18/mod-nuclear-waste-submarines ) ) , no longer taking part in foreign , interventionist wars , no longer demonising the poor and slashing benefits , and no longer being accountable to inherently undemocratic institutions like the house of lords . 
  the snp have good reason to want independence by march 2016 : the election is in 2016 , and it ca n't be delayed ( under the fixed-term parliaments act ) . 
  they do n't want to have to negotiate the terms of independence while running their electoral campaign , and probably neither do they want to wind up with a labour-snp coalition , or a minority government , while independence is still being negotiated . 
  the 2016 elections should take place post-independence , not pre-independence . 
  it 's quite possible he meant `` small government '' in absolute terms to mean : smaller electorate , so a more nimble and responsive government , not the kind of cumbersome mess in a large country ( such as the united states ) that has to cater to so many different peoples in different socioeconomic circumstances . 
  sort of like the argument for scottish independence creating a more streamlined government since it only has to deal with five million people all in the same kind of environment , rather than sixty-three million all up and down the island . 
   if they want to withdraw their military support for the defence of iceland i suspect there will be no shortage of other coutries who will step up . 
  are there really any concerns about * iceland * being invaded by a foreign power ? 
  i find it hard to believe that even an overly bureaucratic institution like the european union would want to kick scotland out of the eu before asking it to come in again . 
  it would endanger the livelihood of thousands of eu citizens living in scotland , especially those at university that could suddenly face tuition fees - not to mention losing a huge chunk of the eu 's natural resources and fishing waters . 
  this irish minister , and many others ( david scheffer most lately ) agree with the scottish government that this is counter-intuitive and negotiations could likely be made between 2014 and 2016 , which is exactly what i would expect . 
  since there are * no * treaties detailing how to deal with this unprecedented situation , there 's really no way to know how it will go down - but i strongly suspect it 'll be with the best interests of both the eu and scotland at heart , and that means negotiating continued membership . 
  she 's fallen into the same trap as many others by using `` apply '' and `` negotiate '' interchangeably . 
  she has now * clarified * that she meant the latter . 
  you can no longer use her own words against her . 
  the woman quoted in this article has written to the scottish government on her own initiative and pointed out that her comments were taken out of context by the british media and her view concurs entirely with the view of the scottish government : http://www.scotreferendum.com/2013/01/26/irelands-minister-for-european-affairs/ she says : `` i was asked about the future of negotiations with the eu in the event that scotland votes for independence . 
  i thought that my reply was largely in line with that of the scottish government . 
  i certainly did not at any stage suggest that scotland could , should or would be thrown out of the eu . 
  [ ... ] my understanding is that the scottish government has already committed to a negotiation with the eu between 2014 and 2016 , if you vote for independence in 2014 . '', 
  she is , in fact , correct . 
  this is in line with the snp 's claim that negotiations would be undertaken while scotland remains part of the united kingdom , meaning scotland would never for a day before or after independence cease to be a member of the european union . 
  nor do i. 
  redditors in general : can you provide flakwolf with a definition of the noun `` fact '' ? 
  i used to live in greenock , but all i recall of the weather there is it being windy as hell . 
  for the past decade , i 've been kicking about fife and dundee . 
  i 've obviously been to aberdeen and inverness and the like , but the highlands and northern parts are usually pretty disconnected from me . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  [ i 'm up north , closer to the central belt . 
   professor jane campbell from the university of ulster has suggested that the 400 tonnes of fireworks and black cat bangers that were seized throughout the province over halloween could be used to blast the two parts of the island apart . 
  she explained : `` once separated , the newly created island can be easily floated on the large deposit of hatred and bigotry that 's built up over the years . '' i loved this paragraph . 
  trust me : kilts are warm . 
  do n't think they 're chilly just because they do n't hug your legs and you traditionally do n't wear underwear with them ; it 's thick , heavy wool . 
  my little slice of scotland hit -17 c in 2010 . 
  it 's incredibly poor wording to say something `` was not '' a mosque when , at some point in its life , it was . 
  you could have cleared up the confusion by saying `` was not [ originally ] a mosque '' . 
  oh jesus , i did n't notice that until you pointed it out . 
  that 's actually kind of funny . 
  the very first sentence in that article says '' [ hagia sophia ] is a former orthodox patriarchal basilica , ** later a mosque ** , and now a museum '' ( emphasis mine ) . 
  i look forward to seeing how it turns out as well . 
  it 's completely irrelevant that gordon brown was scottish ; i 'm not saying `` scottish people can do no wrong '' , but that the voting tendencies of people in scotland is more left-leaning than the people of the uk as a whole , as evidenced by the balance of power in holyrood compared to westminster . 
  scotland did n't single-handedly elect tony blair . 
  besides , the electoral system for westminster is unfairly bipartisan as a result of the first-past-the-post system . 
  holyrood uses the additional member system which strikes me as much fairer . 
  in westminster elections , the choice is `` labour or tories '' ; in holyrood elections , there are many more viable options . 
  it 's also ridiculous to call it discrimination on the basis of the eu front . 
  we 're legally obliged to provide free tuition to citizens from other eu countries ; it was n't a choice on our behalf , intended to snub the other home nations . 
  we 're using taxpayers ' money to give free tuition to all the people who pay tax here . 
  it does n't matter if you 're scottish , english , welsh , or northern irish : it is not an * ethnic * requirement , it is a * residency * requirement . 
  imagine if birmingham 's city council announced it would give residents free parking all year round , and then somebody from manchester inexplicably complained that they should have the right to free parking in birmingham too . 
   maybe it would n't be as big a deal if it was n't for a lot of scottish mps voting for increased tuition when it does n't affect them . 
  [ ... ] what else would you suggest ? 
  that labour ( * spit * ) get in because they 're more popular in scotland ? 
  england gets the most say because it has 50 million people . 
  i agree that the west lothian question is pertinent . 
  i 'm all in favour of english devolution .
