  ian bell wrote [ an excellent piece ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/comment/columnists/ukips-emergence-from-the-fringe-is-no-laughing-matter.20960628 ) in the herald last week explaining why , exactly , this amount of ukip support should scare the shit out of people in scotland . 
  at least it is n't margaret thatcher . 
  that would have given us the first ever instance of english banknotes not being accepted in scottish shops ... 
  does anybody like labour ? 
  they always struck me as a `` lesser of two evils '' party . 
  you should capitalise on our success in 2014 to push for your own devolved settlement , or a complete overhaul of the westminster system . 
  lending strength for political reforms in england , wales , and northern ireland would be a nice legacy for scotland . 
  it 's a shame , really , because labour does n't look likely to actually do very much for the working class . 
  they did too little under blair , and their real legacy was the iraq war and pfi . 
  there are no socialist or working class parties on the forefront of the uk 's political scene - just different flavours of centre-right economics . 
  ams , not mms . 
  i rather like ams , but my love with it has started to fail in favour of preference for the single transferable vote , as used by ireland 's d\u00e1il eireann . 
  full proportionality all the way . 
  hope somebody puts electoral reform on the table for the post-indy elections in 2016 . 
  even as a yes supporter , i do get a bit concerned at the prominence of politics on / r/scotland . 
  i started / r/newscotland tonight as a politics-free zone to kind of counterbalance it ; yet to be seen whether anybody 's interested . 
  in what way does a comment suggesting that a centre-right party could be successful in scotland even resemble this silly `` cybernat '' stereotype ? 
  source ? 
  a whole bunch of british embassy sites , if not all , have just been merged into the delightfully redesigned uk.gov website : https://www.gov.uk/government/world/usa . 
  at least our government is doing something right . 
  one would assume or hope that they know cuba and haiti , at least . 
  property tax is n't an inherently bad idea , but i 'd suggest pensioners and tenants should be excluded . 
  i do n't know any smiths at all . 
  i 'm a bit disappointed . 
  the uk government is very insistent that scottish independence will change absolutely nothing for the rest of the country , which is important because they want to maintain the uk 's current relationships with international bodies ( including the eu ) . 
  they want to keep that eu rebate , for instance . 
  i doubt they 'd be happy to change the flag . 
  this would be so much more readable if it used the actual names of countries rather than two-character codes . 
  i 'm pretty sure these are n't even the iso 3166 codes ... 
  the united states is in there too . 
  aww , the english flag is there in its entirety , but the other two constituent parts are cut off :(, 
  the european parliament cleared this up [ on twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/europarl_en ) earlier , pointing out that their system automatically treats a huge influx of identical emails as spam . 
  frankly , i do n't see why this should n't be the case . 
  if you care strongly about an issue , you should be able to compose your own letter , not copy-and-paste some pre-written one . 
  not sure why this mep seems to have been given a different explanation . 
  i 'm not sure why this is creepy because it 's reminiscent of something as inconsequential as the flags of the ssrs . 
  we should call these `` the stars and stripes '' and tell america to fuck off . 
  you 're thinking of st patrick 's day . 
  this is n't really that baffling . 
  the britons and irish have been eating them . 
   if they are ready to leave their country they should leave everything behind and be assimilated . 
  you 're welcome to think like this . 
  personally , i never will . 
  are you genuinely trying to claim there are no african cultures ? 
  in any case , i 'm talking mostly about cultural identity , and this consistent claim , in / r/europe especially , that `` oh , of course you can keep your cultural identity !, 
  just act like you have n't '' . 
  all of those things you mentioned ? 
  learning the language , adopting values , learning history ? 
  they have very little to do with culture . 
  i am not arguing against this either ( except maybe `` learning history '' , because i notice people born in your country are n't obliged to do this ) . 
  i 'm amazed that / r/europe hosts so much islamophobia and rejection of multiculturalism . 
  why are you here if it is n't to celebrate cultural diversity - that which exists across europe ? 
  there 's no inherent superiority of european culture over arabic culture or african culture , so no , i do n't have a panic attack over the thought that we may be creating multicultural communities in our countries . 
  [ social integration ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_integration ) for immigrants is important , but i do n't give a shit about assimilation - i would not be so arrogant as to demand an immigrant gives up their culture in favour of ours . 
  i 'm not concerned about the native european population `` melting down '' . 
  i should also mention that since i live in scotland , immigration is not a real concern . 
  a huge majority of our population is white british , since most immigration is to the south ; that , and the fact that the uk 's immigration policy was not designed wit scotland in mind . 
  i have no doubt that it is a goal of the eu ; however , you need to reach that goal first , or establish a way to ease in a joint social security pool , otherwise you risk ending up with issues like that with greece and the euro . 
  greece 's economy was weak in comparison to some other eurozone countries , yet they all suffered greatly for it . 
   the latest put it at 32 percent and opposition at 47 percent . 
  this is the first time i have ever seen an article mention the latest poll and actually quote it accurately . 
  the national newspapers either bring up irrelevant studies like the scottish social attitudes survey ( which is n't a poll on voting intention ) , or fail to mention the percentage of opposition support . 
  smaller per capita . 
  scotland 's deficit * is n't * the same as the rest of the uk 's ; by proportion , it 's smaller , and not insignificantly . 
  this checks out ; i went to morocco and all was well . 
  a little kid even offered me some hashish , but i refused . 
  uh , what ? 
  i do n't think anyone from estonia is claiming to be scandinavian . 
  the joke is usually that estonians want to be * nordic * . 
  scandinavia is a pretty specific geographical term . 
  is n't that essentially what the nordic council was supposed to become ? 
  it encouraged a lot of integration , and things like the nordic passport union , and the only reason i can see for it not moving at a quicker pace is that many of the nordic countries are now eu member states and so duplicating eu legislation on a nordic level is pointless . 
  surely scotland , ireland , and england would all be shown as independent countries even without the war of the three kingdoms , as this was well before the first act of union ? 
  there was only a union of the crowns at this point . 
  according to wikipedia , the [ kingdom of ireland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_ireland ) existed in 1648 . 
  i 'm sorry , my brythonic brother . 
  aww , do n't loathe yourself that much !, 
  oh hi there , independent scotland . 
  it 's probably poking fun at the united kingdom constantly undermining the european union and consecutive governments failing to understand that the system inherently requires compromise on the behalf of all its member states . 
  i live in the uk and even i think this country 's government is selfish in regards to the eu ; pressure from ukip and david cameron 's obsession with winning opt-outs and wielding his veto like he 's compensating for something is just obstructing social progress and contributing to a loss of cohesion in the european project . 
  you could have shared [ a higher resolution picture ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_liberty_leading_the_people_%2828th_july_1830%29_-_wga6177.jpg ) . 
  yep , already subscribed !, 
  thanks , 
  er , that possibility exists with schengen too , you know . 
  the netherlands is a signatory of schengen , as is belgium - are there issues with belgians going over to amsterdam and getting stoned ? 
  is it enough to threaten the integrity of schengen ? 
  you 've pointed out the problem yourself : passport checks at the scotland-england border . 
  nobody wants that . 
  the common travel area means no borders , and if scotland is a member of the cta * and * schengen , the uk government fears all those dirty foreigners will come to england , wales , and northern ireland through scotland . 
  they 've already said they 'd put up border controls if we signed schengen . 
  ca n't check it from my phone , but is that speaking our language ? 
  that 's on bbc alba all the time , and you can get them on learngaelic.net , 
  i do n't think you tackle euroscepticism by undermining a core tenet of the european union . 
  given how over the past few weeks , we 've heard westminster mps describe holyrood as `` a one-man dictatorship '' , accuse alex salmond of `` trying to rig the referendum '' , and give abuse over the scottish government 's inability to commit to electoral commission advice ( * before that advice was given * ) , there is zero doubt in my mind that a referendum which was not carried out with the express permission of the uk government would be dismissed . 
  no , they would n't be . 
  the scottish government was given the power by westminster very specifically to hold a single , one-question referendum by the end of this parliamentary term . 
  even if the snp scored another majority , westminster could refuse to transfer the power again , and they would have no legal basis for a referendum . 
  read up on the edinburgh agreement . 
  the * law * is stopping them . 
  i 'm trying to learn it through the learngaelic.net site and bbc alba .
