  that 's not `` complete independence '' , which is why both of them are considered colonies and listed in the [ united nations list of non-self-governing territories ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_list_of_non-self-governing_territories ) . 
  people seem to struggle with artefact , encyclopaedia , and focussed , though . 
  my friends are either indifferent or vehemently pro-europe . 
  the anti-europe sentiment appears , to me , to be coming from an older crowd . 
  i still see more saltires at unionist rallies in scotland than union flags . 
  i suppose it 's different in northern ireland , though , where there is n't really a single northern irish flag . 
  so ... northern ireland is the maligned child in the anglo-scottish divorce ? 
  in fairness , we scrapped the auld alliance long before . 
  when our comfortably compensated mps voted to dissolve the parliament of scotland and form the british state , that effectively ended diplomatic and trade relations with france . 
  if the french fought on behalf of the jacobites , they 'd be fighting to reinstall the bloodline that presided over the creation of that british state in the first place -- not an appealing prospect . 
  a great number of present-day issues in the middle east are the long-standing legacy of past involvement by european powers . 
  the sykes-picot agreement is a significant example , because it handed a great deal of influence over the middle east to the uk and france for the first time . 
  and beyond that , there 's still a bit of a french language influence on the [ scots language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scots_language ) , which some people tend to ( incorrectly , in my view ) lump in with english as a dialect . 
  and even then , a ~ ~ britvic ~ ~ brita filter could come in useful . 
  if i ever start to feel anxious , i 'll be sure to hop across the irish sea . 
  there 's no capitalist country in the world where everyone receives high wages . 
  what propaganda are you spewing ? 
  in fairness , the association of the republican campaign in ireland with the irish left makes the support for palestinian self-determination seem pretty normal . 
  socialists have long been at the forefront of both the irish republican movement and the palestinian solidarity movement . 
  the bizarre part is the loyalist support for israel . 
  assuming that you 're talking about marxist-leninist states like cuba and the ussr when you say `` communism '' , there 's no reason why not . 
  it just happens that countries where the workers have been driven to revolution unsurprisingly tend to be thoroughly disadvantaged countries , which have faced huge economic challenges in both their pre - and post-revolutionary eras . 
  has the quality of life in russia become better since the fall of the ussr ? 
  perhaps not as sensationally as capitalists would like to have hoped . 
  i 'll note that cuba , arguably the closest to a marxist-leninist state we have today , is the most economically successful country in the caribbean , with the best standard of living ; its literacy and infant death rates are better than some european countries . 
  the fact that its wage rate and gdp per capita are not on par with the united states is a false comparison , because it did not wield an advanced economy like that before the revolution , either . 
  i 'd find your argument more powerful if there were n't hundreds of millions of people around the world , even in our most developed capitalist countries , living today without high wages , good healthcare , or good housing . 
  good . 
  we should . 
  universal health care and guaranteed housing goes some way to compensate for low wages . 
  i suppose that depends on how you define `` success '' . 
  i 'd posit that the extraordinary economic development of russia after the revolution was pretty successful . 
  this surprises you ? 
  most revered political figures in capitalism and the west have also crushed millions of lives , but it has n't led to the disowning of churchill or the like . 
  breaking news : there are still communists in former communist countries . 
  it may further shock you to learn that there are communists all over the world !, 
  i 'm very much in favour of independence as well , though there 's often an assumption that i 'm a member of the snp for it . 
  i 'm actually an active member of the scottish socialist party and a former supporter of the scottish green party ; there just seems to be this disappointing assumption that being pro-independence means you 're pro-snp , even though there are [ pro-indy groups in other parties ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labour_for_independence ) , too . 
  there 's always the principle of the matter : it 's a massive public expenditure which the majority of people in scotland would like to stop , so what reason is there to continue it ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned , wielding nuclear weapons makes us belligerent and harms our foreign relations . 
  the fact that international law grants only certain countries the exclusive right to legally possess nuclear weapons strikes me as unfair and hypocritical ; it 's military privilege that asserts british military dominance over much of the world , and that 's counter to my ideals of internationalism . 
  i do n't think there 's any legal means for a unified european army to possess nuclear weapons . 
  only two european countries are recognised as nuclear weapons states as per the nuclear non-proliferation treaty ( to which all eu countries are signed up ) . 
  they 're not really allowed to share them , as far as i 'm aware . 
  your downvotes are sadly telling of the fact that unilateralism is dead in world politics . 
  perhaps that makes the success of the independence movement all the more important . 
  i 'd love to hear how you 've concluded that `` many '' second-generation immigrants pursue that path . 
  how on earth could you fly from eastern europe to ireland and back to collect welfare and actually make a profit ? 
  [ says the dane ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1j8gom/yougov_european_sex_survey_results_infographic/ ), 
  the irish are more british than the british ?!, 
  the world 's gone mad . 
  poking fun at those down south gets old after a while , 
  i 'm disappointed that ireland is n't on there . 
  i want to poke fun at friends across the sea . 
  a bit ambitious to call this an `` infographic '' . 
  it 's a screenshot of a table . 
  [ left-wing politics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-wing ) `` typically involves a concern for those in society who are perceived as disadvantaged relative to others and an assumption that there are unjustified inequalities that need to be reduced or abolished '' . 
  funnily enough , i 'm not talking about individuals ( `` dumb-asses '' ) , but the fact that `` the left '' , as a movement , is predisposed to analysing inequalities rather than assuming `` oh , things are just like that '' as many do re : unruly immigrants . 
  excuse me for accurately characterising a political movement . 
   there 's not much one can do about that except vote . 
  and campaign !, 
  there 's much more that ordinary people can do in politics than just vote . 
  they can start grassroots campaigns ; write to their parliamentary representatives ; join a political party and bring up the issue at national and local meetings and conferences . 
  the left has a tendency to perform actual class and economic analysis of social problems instead of arbitrarily shifting blame onto some other group , like immigrants . 
  i 'm not sure you can claim to ever have been a `` left-leaning '' young man , since the idea of class or economic analysis is obviously alien to you . 
  how did you jump to the conclusion that these immigrants ' behaviour was a direct result of their ethnic and cultural background ? 
  a rational ( read : non-xenophobic ) person would start with their economic situation , not by arbitrarily saying `` the immigrants behave worse than the natives ! '' . 
  the immigrants are poorer than the `` natives '' ; poverty , disenfranchisement , and discrimination breeds this behaviour and this vandalism , not immigration . 
  often , the impoverishment is not their fault -- it 's partly attributable to institutional discrimination , but largely because it is hugely challenging for any person to rise out of the class into which they were born . 
  judging entire ethnic groups ' character by the symptoms of their deprivation is n't going to help anybody . 
  you know what 's counter-active to peace talks ? 
  letting israel get away with all their shit . 
  this is productive . 
  i can name alyn smith and catherine stihler of my six , but naturally , i agree that very few people in the eu can probably name theirs . 
  frankly , though , i think that 's because of an apathy towards the european parliament that is bred by its impotence . 
  empower the european parliament and make its role more visible to the people , and we 'll boost both election turnout and familiarity with meps . 
  it 's abysmal that the european parliament is being treated by so many parties as a sort of `` training ground '' before their candidates graduate to the national parliament . 
  that 's a pretty audacious comment when i 'm here , being pissed off about the impotency of the eu , and blaming it on member states and campaigning for democratic reform , not an exit . 
  it 's not necessarily what the people of those member states want , though . 
  i hope we see a shift of power from the european commission to the european parliament in the future . 
  without legislative initiative , the parliament is essentially impotent . 
  uh , the european parliament is the only institution of the eu that * is * democratic . 
  who brought up maduro ? 
  right ; i was n't seeking to suggest that it was fair for either group of mps to force legislation on the other . 
  i just wanted to clarify that it is n't something that only goes one way -- and english , welsh , and northern irish mps technically still have that power to force legislation on scotland in [ the areas where the scottish parliament ca n't legislate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reserved_and_excepted_matters ) . 
  the scottish parliament is n't absolute protection . 
  it just has n't happened recently . 
  ** edit : ** also , in what sense is the '80s `` ancient history '' ? 
  well , it was pointed out at the time ; [ this ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/3432767.stm ) is a bbc article entirely about that contention . 
  in fairness , lots of legislation affecting scotland has been imposed by english mps in the past ... remember when the poll tax was implemented in scotland an entire year before it reached the rest of the country , despite the fact that scotland had twenty more labour mps than conservative mps ? 
  i 'm not overly familiar with european law , so i ca n't really give an informed answer , but i 've been led to believe a country could unilaterally declare withdrawal from the european union and have it over-and-done-with sharply -- as long as it was n't overly concerned with the diplomatic repercussions . 
  frankly , the eu has no means of * stopping * a member state from leaving ; the way in which the institution works means that all european laws and treaties have to be ratified by each member state in order to take effect . 
  the eu has no sovereignty . 
  if a member state refuses to ratify something , or it repeals every eu-related treaty and legislation , then the eu has absolutely no way to challenge that -- especially since the treaty of lisbon enshrines its right to leave . 
  for what it 's worth , the house of commons * can * override and even disestablish the scottish parliament whenever they like ( and that was , until very recently , the official policy of the ever-more-popular ukip ) , but yeah , you 're basically right ; such is the lamentable distribution of power in the uk right now . 
  if i recall correctly , scottish mps were vital in the vote that saw tuition fees introduced in england . 
  the manner of devolution in the rest of the uk would absolutely have to change if scotland became independent , i reckon , because it would halve the number of non-english mps in the house of commons . 
  that would reinforce arguments for a symmetrical system of devolution -- even federalism , maybe . 
  source ? 
  hooray !,
