  therefore , there 's no real way to distinguish what is `` too flavoursome '' and what is not . 
  it 's much easier to go for a flavour restriction on tobacco , because the problem is n't the taste , it 's artificially flavouring the taste with something that is not tobacco or the other core ingredients . 
  make no mistake : crackdowns will be made on alcohol too in similar ways , perhaps an eu-wide implementation of the minimal pricing law being courted in the uk . 
  in general , however , i think the eu is trying to act appropriately to the harmfulness of the substance at hand . 
  smoking is more harmful than drinking , for the large part ; some levels of alcohol consumption are not harmful , and it is alcoholism and binge drinking that cause liver problems , whereas smoking in any capacity is bad for your health and the health of those around you . 
  that has been proved fairly conclusively in many scientific studies . 
  the only `` conspiracy '' here was the part of tobacco companies in suppressing these kind of studies in the past . 
  thanks for the support , 
  well , the republic of ireland is currently a member of the uk 's [ common travel area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) , meaning that you can cross from northern ireland to the republic of ireland with relative ease ( as wikipedia says : `` the area 's internal borders are subject to minimal or non-existent border controls and can normally be crossed by british and irish citizens with only minimal identity documents '' ) . 
  ideally , this would be the same for scotland and england . 
  there 's little incentive for either the scottish or uk government to set up a bureaucratic armed border - the only reason they might set up a border check is if scotland is forced to subscribe to the eu 's schengen agreement , of which the uk is not currently a member . 
  some uk government ministers have suggested this would be the case because then the uk government would be afraid of scotland being used as a proxy to get illegal immigrants or other undesirables into england and wales . 
  ( ** edit : ** forgot to talk about trade . 
  there should still be free trade , as both the united kingdom and scotland would be members of the european union , of which free international trade is a core tenet . 
  unfortunately , there 's a lot of euroscepticism in the south - not lots , but more than in scotland according to most studies - so it 's possible the uk does n't remain within the eu that much longer . 
  if that 's the case , i assume independent negotiations for free trade might be established . 
  scotland exports quite a lot to england and wales ; not just luxury items like scotch , either ... we also provide them with quite a lot of electricity , and those contracts should last post-independence , given that it takes time to create new power plants . ), 
  one big difference between irish independence and scottish independence , other than the nonviolence and democracy of the scottish independence movement , is that the snp do n't want to found a republic . 
  alex salmond is a fan of the monarchy , apparently , and wants to retain the current queen as queen of scotland , and the rest of her line . 
  this actually makes a sort of sense , because the queen of the united kingdom is directly descended from a past scottish monarch , who became ruler of both the independent kingdoms of scotland and england well in advance of their political union . 
  because of this , scotland would seek to remain within the [ commonwealth of nations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_of_nations ) , which also includes canada , australia , and india . 
  that would make it eligible to , for instance , host the commonwealth games , which it actually will in glasgow in 2014 , before the referendum . 
  scotland here . 
  independence is at the top for me , but i 'm not sure how visible that debate is when you 're disinterested . 
  it 's made a lot of headlines so far , but i follow it closely through a handful of pro-independence twitter and facebook feeds . 
  i also wrote a [ lengthy comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/15a4j2/what_is_currently_the_biggest_public_debate_in/c7kqz3h?context=1 ) on the matter elsewhere in this thread . 
  scotland will be dead to you if the people of scotland democratically decide that they would be best served by an independent parliament rather than the uk government ? 
  that 's shallow and selfish for somebody who does n't even live in scotland , is n't it ? 
  i 'm not him , but i 'll throw myself in . 
  my opinion on independence is that it 's a fantastic idea . 
  unfortunately , polls show overall scottish support for independence anywhere between 25 and 40 percent of the population , which would n't be a great referendum result . 
  ultimately , though , today 's polls do n't mean much : so many people are finding a place by emotional response , or because they do n't understand the bonuses of independence . 
  the snp 's white paper , explaining the ins and outs of an independent scotland , wo n't be released until next year , and neither the pro-indy or pro-union campaigns have shifted into full gear yet - so there 's lots of uncertainty and misinformation . 
  the sort of independence we 're talking about is scotland becoming a completely independent country from the united kingdom , which today consists of scotland , england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  the snp , who have a majority in the devolved scottish government , want to keep scotland in the european union and in a free travel arrangement with the united kingdom . 
  they also want to retain the uk 's currency until the euro is stable enough to join . 
  ( the republic of ireland started their own currency , `` the irish pound '' , and pegged it at a 1:1 exchange rate with the british pound for many decades . ), 
  major pros are empowering the scottish electorate . 
  scotland 's government is much more left-wing than the uk government , to put it simply and bluntly ; there are lots of disagreements over welfare and defence , both of which are matters reserved to the uk government . 
  while the scottish people can elect members of the uk parliament , this is obviously a small portion of the uk parliament , because scotland 's population is 5 million compared to the uk 's 63 million or so . 
  ( scotland is the second most populated part of the uk after england . 
  wales has something like 3 million , and northern ireland might be around 1 million . ), 
  details on the pros : scotland would be able to start an oil fund , such as that which norway has , by saving and investing the money earned from north sea oil . 
  this money is currently splashed about by the uk government on projects like the trident nuclear weapons programme , which is based on the river clyde in scotland . 
  it 's been made clear time and time again through demonstrations and polls that the people of scotland do n't want nuclear weapons on their soil , but the uk government has refused to move them . 
  scottish independence is literally the sole option available to the scottish people to remove these nuclear weapons from scotland . 
  the major cons are losing what some are calling an `` economic safety net '' . 
  in the past , scotland has been reliant on the rest of the uk , generally because of financial mismanagement by the uk government . 
  especially in the thatcher years , scotland 's economy was devastated by poor decisions in london ( there was no devolved parliament ) . 
  other cons are that we would be severing an `` ancient tie '' between the kingdoms of england and scotland , and therefore losing some cultural heritage , which is an idea with which i strongly disagree . 
  i think scotland and england can share british culture without being one state , just as norway and sweden share scandinavian culture . 
  i feel some shared culture with the irish , despite not being part of their country . 
  in any case , i 'm clearly biased , so best ask someone else about cons . 
  as for the relationship with england and the rest of the uk , it would remain relatively undamaged if the scottish government got their way , and it was handled amicably . 
  so far , it has been relatively amicable and civilised , despite some childishness from certain members of both campaigns . 
  essentially , though , a good relationship with the uk would be important to a number of snp desires , such as licensing bbc programmes for scottish broadcast on scotland 's own new national broadcaster . 
  there 's also speculation that scotland would do better to buddy up to the bank of england if it wants to use the pound , because then the boe could set economic policy that also benefits scotland . 
  however , it 's pointed out that this is not actually necessary for scotland to use the pound ; it can simply follow the irish and peg a `` scottish pound '' to the british pound , or indeed accept british pounds without negotiating it with the british government . 
  i could go in further detail , but i think this is long enough for a reddit comment ... let me know if you have any more questions !, 
  yeah , i opened this map expecting to see great results from all of the ex-soviet countries and i was not disappointed . 
  too many people seem to assume communism meant `` everyone was poor , so nobody went to school , and everyone was stupid '' . 
   of course , such a tactic only reinforces the perception that eu membership is a `` them versus us '' affair . 
  most poignantly clear in how op writes `` british '' and `` european '' . 
  he does n't consider himself to be european , despite the fact that britain is a part of the european continent - and he sees no distinction between france and germany and spain , hinting at this ridiculous british fear that embracing the eu is abandoning british culture ( which it is n't ) . 
  methinks the man reads too much of the daily mail . 
  i disagree . 
  a true compromise makes everyone as happy as possible . 
  1 ) abu hamza * was * extradited . 
  the process just took time because our human rights law in europe means we ca n't subject our prisoners to potential torture or execution . 
  i think that 's fair enough : i do n't support the death penalty . 
  nor do i have a problem with giving prisoners the right to vote . 
  giving them that right actually sounds like a great way to get them to consider societal issues , engage in debate , and contribute to society . 
  voting should be a universal right . 
  3 ) yeah , knowing that they 'd do the same for us . 
  it 's a mutually beneficial policy , and i would n't be too keen to cut that safety net since the uk economy is showing no sign of healing soon . 
  i support scottish independence , but i also want to stay steadfastly in the eu . 
  those are not contradictory policies . 
  because only one part had the quote mark , i thought that was the comment in question , and the rest was in response to it . 
  glad to hear that 's not the case !, 
  there are huge social benefits to having shared laws in europe , especially for individuals who travel around europe and want the security of knowing there are internationally agreed standards of human rights on which they can rely . 
  there are eu directives i do n't like , such as the cookie policy , but i do n't think that 's a fair enough reason to leave entirely - if nothing else , it 's a compelling reason to start paying attention to european parliament elections , which nobody in britain seems to ( except the fascists , hence how people like nick griffin get in ) . 
  the last criticism i saw of the european convention on human rights was a front-page story on the scots equivalent of the daily mail that was angered about how it stopped some police department from carrying tasers . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm fairly * happy * there 's an eu law out there that stops my local police force from carrying tasers . 
  and please , do elaborate your problem with the kyoto agreement . 
  indeed , it seems odd to insist that the european union is `` for life '' , when all member states have the right to withdraw from it entirely . 
  i would prefer that the united kingdom stayed in , though . 
  in fact , i do n't understand the need to `` repatriate '' powers in the first place . 
  who 's talking about the us ? 
  i think he 's trying to compare the eu to the ussr ( the soviet union ) , not the united states . 
  please , share examples for any of these `` arguments '' of yours . 
  i 'm a citizen of the european union and the united kingdom and i sure as hell do n't want to leave . 
  i 'm not concerned at all about `` islamic fascists '' , of which i 'm * so sure * there are plenty in our country . 
   we know that social-democracy works . 
  after reaching that point , we need to see what gives positive results . 
  agreed . 
  right now , though , my political efforts are focussed almost entirely on simply * maintaining * social democracy in scotland . 
  austerity measures are being forced on the scottish government by westminster , despite the fact that scotland contributes a greater proportion of uk revenue than it 's allowed to spend in uk expenditure . 
  that means the uk government could force the scottish government to re-introduce university tuition fees , or abolish free prescriptions , or implement some of the same privatisation measures as the nhs in england and wales ( which is wholly separate from the nhs in scotland , and always has been , even pre-devolution ) . 
  that 's why , for the time being , i 'm focussed on [ campaigning for scottish independence ] ( http://www.yesscotland.net/ ) .
