  i agree that it is selfish , but i do n't foresee a particularly effective alternative . 
  no matter what sort of federal structure you put in place in the uk , you will continue to have these problems ; even the federal idea pitched by the lib dems , whose support in scotland is hilariously low , will still reserve welfare and pensions to the uk government . 
  the scottish government has consistently been at odds with the uk government over the period of devolution , most poignantly now that scotland continues to protect free education and universal health care while it is disassembled in england and wales . 
  i am very sorry for the people down south who suffer from the austerity cuts and i will always vote to protect them from it in uk general elections . 
  however : with scotland 's budget controlled by the uk government , a parliament in which only 59 seats ( of 650 ) are elected by the scottish people has a ridiculous amount of control over scottish spending . 
  add onto that recent observations that the private sector jobs that are `` replacing '' public sector jobs are mostly based in london and it 's becoming increasingly obvious that the uk government is not equipped to improve the economy in scotland or even serve the will of the scottish people . 
  those scottish people now have the mandate to go it alone if they choose - and why should n't they ? 
  it 's not an isolationist movement ; it will remain in the eu alongside the remainder of the uk , assuming that the south 's growing euroscepticism does n't see them withdraw . 
  technically , this should be good news for the rest of the uk too : they get the government they voted for , without the divergent scottish vote harming their favourite party 's majority . 
  i 'm in favour of any movement , like the independence movement , that will greatly empower the scottish electorate and afford them the right to be governed solely by the party they elect . 
  ( what mandate do the conservatives have to rule a distinct part of the uk that elected only one mp , and is notorious for having devastated scotland during the thatcher years ? ), 
  the logical argument i was trying to make was not `` christians and muslims are both evil '' , but that you can not simply generalise one faith as being `` dangerous '' when violent attacks are being carried out by those of other faiths , or those entirely faithless , as well . 
  to say muslims are dangerous but atheists are not is an example of discrimination . 
  my point was not `` muslims are n't bad because christians are bad too '' , and my point is not successfully challenged by simply pointing out i made a mistake in identifying breivik 's religion . 
  my only point was that you can not accuse solely muslims of being `` dangerous '' when the faithless or those of other faiths can be just as much so . 
  i 'm amazed that the pro-nuke side of this argument appears to be `` they 're a perfect deterrent !, 
  '' , and then either silently downvoting or unconstructively insulting anybody that provides evidence to the contrary . 
  do you find yourself constantly concerned about the possibility of nuclear weapons being launched at the united kingdom ? 
  what country do you think is most likely to suddenly start a nuclear wear with the uk ? 
  i find it a hilarious unrealistic proposition and certainly not a valid defence of spending billions of pounds , especially when that same money could be invested in a manner that could bring much more money into scotland . 
  plus , despite [ what scottish labour would tell you ] ( http://news.stv.tv/politics/197151-labour-under-fire-as-row-erupts-over-extent-of-trident-jobs-threat/ ) , the ministry of defence 's own figures show that there are only 450 jobs at faslane directly dependent on trident , and given that the scottish government plans to transform the facility into a conventional naval base , there should be no threat to any other jobs in the area should trident go . 
  if you think immigration from one particular social category `` punishes [ the ] entire country '' , then i 'm glad you do n't have a vote in the united kingdom . 
  we do n't need any more xenophobia in this country . 
  really ? 
  i 'm suddenly remembering that the most recent high-profile terrorist attack in europe resulted in 77 deaths and was carried out by anders breivik , a christian . 
  i think this demonstrates very well that you ca n't point to muslims and say it is solely their religion that sees violent attacks committed . 
  seriously ? 
  at least i took the time to explain my reasoning , whereas you have sought solely to attack me . 
  you also made a massive leap in suddenly labelling me as `` an snp independent moron '' when i am actually a supporter of the scottish socialist party and scottish greens , both of which clash with the snp on many policies ( independence simply does not happen to be one of them ) . 
  but , hey , given your attitude towards me in your concisely belligerent post , i am very pleased that i am irritating you with my ignorance and my stupidity and i will persist . 
  i agree with the notion that priority should be given to immigrants with certain skills , particularly skills that are in a shortage , but i 'm not sure what that has to do with this conversation . 
  you 're saying that immigrants need to be integrated into the culture of the country they have moved into ; does this mean you somehow feel skilled immigrants are more likely to be culturally assimilated by their new host country ? 
  i also think there 's a big difference between `` restricting immigration '' , which i interpret as restricting the number of immigrants , and showing preference in who may immigrate based on their skills . 
  also : immigration is n't devolved to the scottish parliament , so immigration here is governed by the same law as england . 
  i do n't really understand the need for me to vote any differently in that case . 
  in what way ? 
  the trident nuclear weapons programme , which is the same nuclear weapons programme we have today , did n't stop argentina invading british territory off their coast , leading to the falklands war . 
  plus , many countries in europe lack a nuclear deterrent and do n't seem to have any immediate concern of military conflict . 
  not to mention the fact that we could count on essentially any european country on aiding us in war if war was suddenly declared on our soil ; after all , you would n't want your neighbour under hostile foreign occupation . 
  basically , it serves little value - and therefore in no way justifies its immense cost , which will be billions of pounds in the next few years , especially when it is both unpopular among the scottish populace ( if not the uk populace ) and its budget is being prioritised over welfare and health , which i consider to be much more pressing needs . 
  ( ** edit : ** when i first read your comment and wrote this reply , i did n't realise you mentioned assimilation . 
  let me make it clear before you continue reading : i do not care for assimilation and i do not consider it vital for the progression of society . ), 
  i just did a quick search for reliable information on ethnic groups in france , but discovered instead the interesting fact that `` it is illegal for the french state to collect data on ethnicity and ancestry '' in their census . 
  so , i 'm working now on rough estimates . 
  it 's true that scotland 's population is predominantly white ; in the 2001 census , our population was estimated at 2.01 % non-white , and the 2011 census data on ethnicity is not out yet ( as there will be additional quality assurance beforehand ) . 
  to an extent , i completely agree that it is harder for me to understand the french situation , when your white population was estimated at 85 % in 2003 , compared to our 98 % - but i still have many objections to common rhetoric in the uk on immigration policy , and i would welcome any immigrant to this country with the provision that they have an interest in some level of integration and we have the infrastructure to sustain them . 
  obviously , i do n't want to take `` all of france 's north african immigrants '' : france 's north african population exceeds scotland 's entire population , since france 's population itself is thirteen times that of scotland , and france accumulated those immigrants over a long period of time , not all in one mass exodus . 
  sure , if they came here , they could `` breed [ us ] out in a generation '' , but they 'd also be homeless and starving . 
  what i am contesting is that an individual 's ethnicity has a strong impact on their ability to integrate with another country , especially as my definition of `` integration '' is solely the ability to contribute to society in that country . 
  that definition probably differs from yours ; i do n't consider integration to be a rejection of multiculturalism . 
  i essentially agree with what wikipedia says on [ social integration ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_integration ) : `` social integration requires proficiency in an accepted common language of the society , acceptance of the laws of the society and adoption of a common set of values of the society [ ; ... ] it does not require assimilation and it does not require persons to give up all of their culture '' . 
  i do n't believe `` being middle eastern '' means this social integration in scotland is not possible . 
  i do not believe that a person living in scotland must rescind their national identity , and therefore i have no issue with foreigners living here and continuing to identify as a member of their native nationality . 
  so long as they can live within the law , work , and pay taxes , why should n't we take them ? 
  i do n't understand any argument against immigrants `` taking our jobs '' , because a fair assessment of job candidates gives the position to the person deemed best suited to carry out that job . 
  if that 's an immigrant and not a scottish or white person , then great ; another well-skilled worker rightfully exercises the ability to secure a job , and that should benefit both our economy and our job sector . 
  i thought we 'd get the enforcement of the new `` three strikes '' copyright infringement law , whereby your details would be passed onto bodies accusing you of copyright infringement after three such allegations , but apparently [ this wo n't be until 2014 ] ( http://gigaom.com/europe/uk-says-three-strikes-is-coming-but-not-until-2014/ ) !, 
  i also mistakenly thought the law had provision for cutting off your internet access , but apparently this is n't the case . 
  well , i 'm really pleased that scotland is welcoming [ watershed legislature on homelessness ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-20870160 ) , which aims to effectively end homelessness in scotland by giving any person without a home the right to settled accommodation . 
  a little bit later in the year we should be seeing the legalisation of gay marriage , too . 
  `` that 's probably because such crimes happen all the time in all countries in the world , but acid throwing is highly unusual in civilized counties '' sounded pretty reasonable , but then you ended your comment with an attack on `` primitive muslim immigrants '' and you lost me . 
  `` its 2009 and 2010 summits could not be held due to the stalemate of the arab-israeli peace process after the gaza war . '', 
  that 's a disappointment and a half :(, 
  you probably did . 
   turkey would be a major gateway to yet more massive immigration from the middle east to the rest of europe . 
  why on earth do you consider this a major problem ? 
  immigration of other white peoples is okay , but immigration of middle eastern peoples is n't ? 
  please elaborate . 
  there is a citizen 's initiative to abolish roaming fees across the european union with which i strongly agree . 
  i hope we see some movement in that direction . 
  it would be a huge benefit of the eu obvious to the everyday citizen , and i think we need more of those to tackle some of the rampant euroscepticism in countries like the uk . 
  please do n't echo [ this idiocy ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2012/03/13/scottish-independence-england-would-bomb-scottish-airports-to-defend-itself_n_1341629.html ) . 
  i 'd still like to see the uk 's nuclear weapons decommissioned , or at least taken from scotland . 
  it 's not the cold war anymore , cameron . 
  welsh , but no scottish gaelic ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  jumped into the comments and immediately saw the usual racism : somebody pointed out that the holy roman empire defended its citizens from muslim invasion , whereas the european union fosters muslim invasion . 
  really ? 
  i enjoyed the actual article , though ; it might be my favourite from the economist in a long time . 
  it has flaws and seems to ignore a few historical points , but i 'm okay with its issues because it still makes great points and suggestions regarding the eu . 
  worth a read , at least . 
  is it nationalist rhetoric you 're hearing from civilian supporters of independence , or from political parties ? 
  i think the scottish national party and scottish greens have been challenged in pointing out how independence can appeal to everyone without alienating people in the process , but they 've shown remarkable efforts to avoid the traditional nationalist sentiment , i 've thought . 
  they 're trying to be clear that independence is not rooted in anglophobia , and the independent scottish government would work hard to maintain ties with the uk and eu through diplomacy . 
  so far , i 'm swayed towards independence because i 'm largely unimpressed by the state of uk politics , which i do n't feel adequately represent me . 
  the uk might have `` more influence '' , but i 'm never impressed with how it is used ; we use our military might in illegal wars , our political sway to hamper progressive political movements , and we ca n't seem to reform anything without huge problems along the way . 
  the av referendum makes me honestly ashamed - a great shot at electoral reform ruined by conservative-funded lies ( honestly fabricated numbers ) . 
  i do n't want the independence referendum to go that way . 
  house of lords reform failed too . 
  we have a shot to take our parliament , which is unicameral and elected by proportional representation , which alone makes it more fair than westminster , and hold it accountable for everything . 
  i can trust an independent scottish parliament more than i trust the uk government . 
  they 've defended healthcare , tried to remove nuclear weapons , spoken with true tact on the gaza conflict , given us free university tuition and prescriptions like i believe we should . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , they are the voice of the scottish people , and they should n't answer to westminster nor be forced to abide the uk government 's decision to tighten the scottish budget to make us `` pay our share '' . 
  if you want to have a game of numbers , i 'd be happy to talk facts and figures with you , not to mention point out that the uk itself may find itself without that oh-so-important aaa credit rating soon ( with its importance notably downplayed in the independence campaign as of late , as it becomes obvious it is n't a reliable argument ) , but i think i 've essentially set out why i want scottish independence . 
  it gives the scottish people the power to craft the country they want to live in , without restriction from westminster , and without losing the deep cultural tie we have with the south . 
  ( as i always say : scotland and england will both always be british , just as norway and sweden will always be scandinavian . 
  independence wo n't break the bond . ), 
  there are 26 seats out of 760 in the unelected house of lords which belong to peers who are there because they are part of the church of england . 
  that 's not much sway by themselves , but be assured : they have a vote . 
  i think the key difference is that there are no alcoholic drinks which are pure alcohol , because you ca n't drink pure alcohol .
