   there is not a scandinavian state . 
  and after scotland becomes an independent scotland , there will no longer be a british state . 
  how could england , wales , and northern ireland claim exclusive rights to the term `` british '' when their state will not even comprise the entirety of great britain ? 
   if the whole of the uk was breaking up , then you could make the case for being culturally british being from the island of britain . 
  why does this argument exist * only * when `` the whole of the uk '' is breaking up ? 
  it 's a sound argument in the context of scotland 's independence , too . 
  scotland has a huge amount of shared history with these islands , and separating the term `` british '' from the british state will surely advance the capacity for these islands to have a new , shared identity . 
  i strongly agree with irvine welsh when he says that independence for scotland makes it `` feasible for ireland , as an established sovereign nation , to see itself as part of a shared geographical and cultural entity '' with scotland and the uk - it completely up-ends the sort of `` presumed englishness '' that surrounds the term `` british '' without destroying the links between our states . 
  the term `` british '' will come to mean something a lot more like the term `` scandinavian '' ; it will represent the shared history and geography of our different nations . 
  it 's all about weighing up the costs and benefits of going independent . 
  if the islands feel that they would be better served by their own , independent government , then they absolutely have the right to pursue that . 
  the same is true of the highlands . 
  the city of glasgow seceding from scotland is obviously unlikely because it 's just not practical for such a relatively small city to become a city-state ( though i understand london city-state movements exist ) . 
  scotland has its own parliament , but the matters it controls are determined very arbitrarily ; for instance , the scottish parliament controls healthcare , but not welfare . 
  since westminster is , and has in the past , pursued welfare policy that is not in line with the values of the people of scotland , surely this is something better handled by the scottish parliament ? 
  that same argument applies to almost every policy area . 
  the uk government abstained from the un vote on palestine 's statehood while the scottish parliament argued that the uk should vote in favour . 
  clearly , the uk government does not accurately represent scotland internationally . 
  the ministry of defence has a [ huge underspend ] ( http://www.snp.org/media-centre/news/2013/jan/uk-caught-red-handed-scotlands-underspend ) in scotland . 
  clearly , scotland could benefit economically from operating its own armed forces , because then it could commit less to the defence budget and get more . 
  why should we stay in the union when there is such a distinct political gulf between scotland and the uk , and scotland is more than equipped to run its own affairs ? 
  scotland walking away with no debt would be a major roadblock in diplomatic relations between scotland and the uk , and i do n't feel that either government would want that to happen . 
  legal opinions like this , though , give the scottish government the upper hand in the period of negotiations - basically making clear to the uk government that scotland can play hard-ball too , and they have the law behind them . 
  indeed . 
  the uk 's labour force survey does n't count `` economically inactive '' people when calculating employment , so it excludes the disabled , students , those who have a working partner , etc. 
  you 'd have to drive up income tax by quite a large amount if you wanted to make up for the shortfall created by ditching vat and national insurance . 
  that 's going to cause some economic problems ; when you drive up the tax wedge , employees will demand a larger salary , since they 'll be giving up more of it in tax - so employers will be forced to pay more for the same amount of work than they did before . 
  i agree with the principle of progressive taxation and wealth redistribution , but there are issues with funding the government almost exclusively through the income tax . 
  she was at a screening of `` her favorite movie , a popular love film made in east germany '' . 
  what 's the film ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  greece is upgraded and the uk is downgraded . 
  times are changing . 
  ah , yes , i forgot that you 're an international lawyer and can therefore refute the findings of other international lawyers . 
  it 's not a default at all . 
  the uk government insist that they would inherit the uk 's rights and obligations as , say , an eu member state , and a nato member , and so forth , and scotland would not . 
  this is very easily extrapolated to apply to debt as well ; if this new state comprising england , wales , and northern ireland is the sole inheritor of the uk 's rights and obligations , then it is the sole inheritor of the uk 's debt . 
  that 's a [ legally backed point of view ] ( http://www.thescottishsun.co.uk/scotsol/homepage/scotlandfeatures/4924051/expert-scotland-can-legally-leave-the-uk-and-be-debt-free.html ) . 
  the key part : `` dr qvortrup 's explosive findings are published in a report that looks at national divorces dating from 1830 , when belgium left the netherlands , until the break-up of yugoslavia and the collapse of the soviet union in the nineties . 
  `` his research found countries that split equally have historically shared the debts built up during their union . 
  but if one partner continues as before as the ` successor state ' -- keeping its position on international bodies such as the united nations -- it shoulders the debts . 
  `` westminster has already claimed that the remainder of the uk would carry on in that role after a yes vote in the 2014 independence referendum . 
  `` it would hold on to its seat in europe as well as at the un and military alliance nato -- while scotland would have to start from scratch and apply for admission to those bodies . 
  `` dr qvortrup -- an academic at cranfield university near swindon , wilts -- said that would reduce holyrood 's uk balance sheet to zero . '', 
   ireland is part of the british isles after all . 
  [ that is a controversial thing to say . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ), 
  i do n't understand this argument at all . 
  it 's barely been two decades since the ussr dissolved . 
  how is it impossible to dissolve the uk twenty-two years later ? 
  i would n't call it a `` consistent '' majority when tns bmrb , panelbase , and angus reid public opinion all polled support for the union at 50 % or below in january . 
  that 's not a majority . 
  er , such is democracy . 
  polish and english people have as much a right to vote as scottish people , and their reasoning is up to them - though , of course , we should do our best to make sure objective information is made available to them . 
  i notice you criticise the fact that `` every polish person [ you ] know is intending to vote and to vote yes '' without explaining why that 's bad . 
  polish people vote in our elections , too !, 
  if they think that independence will be a good thing for scotland , why they hell should n't they vote for it ? 
  i 'm not `` blinding myself '' by asking for a source . 
  i have never heard salmond reject the concept of self-determination for the islands . 
  well , there is much more to it : it 's a massive transferral of power from a first-past-the-post parliament with a labour-tory hegemony and a plutocratic second chamber to a unicameral , partially proportional one with the flexibility for progressive political change . 
  it brings government closer to the people and enables the scottish parliament to pursue economic and social policy that is in line with the needs and priorities of the people of scotland . 
  this article just addresses a very specific criticism of the independence campaign , which is that it would somehow destroy the british national identity . 
  the question of debt is a bargaining chip for the scottish government . 
  i find it highly unlikely that they 'd outright refuse to take debt ; this is not how a constructive dialogue is started . 
  however , it is entirely appropriate for them to bring up a legal basis for them to refuse that debt when the uk government insists on refusing the scottish government its fair share of british assets . 
  essentially : `` if you 're not going to negotiate , then neither are we '' . 
  it 's the scottish government 's trump card . 
  i 'd like you to provide a source for that . 
  i 'm fairly certain that the line of questioning was along the lines of `` if shetland and orkney voted ` no ' , would they be excluded from an independent scotland ? 
  '' , and salmond obviously said that was a stupid idea - because it would make no sense to treat the islands differently from any other constituency and arbitrarily partition them . 
  in the same vein , you would n't let the uk keep glasgow if it voted ` no ' . 
  you would n't refuse to pay for a newspaper because it has adverts in it . 
  in the same vein , you should not refuse websites their only revenue stream . 
  `` fiche is a useful word , but it is french . '', 
  if you do n't want to look at harmless adverts , do n't access these sites . 
  turning on adblock and accessing these sites anyway starves them of necessary revenue to compensate for the costs incurred by your access . 
  putting financial strain on websites because of a selfish dislike of advertising is immoral and should never be supported . 
  i love `` comitology '' for `` committee procedure '' . 
  they should keep that one going . 
  and yet you still think it 's a good thing . 
  how would you continue to fund the government when you 've abolished all of those different taxes ? 
  and , er , i 'd appreciate some clarification on how you would solve `` the housing problem '' . 
  plus , you know , not everyone in spain is a spaniard . 
  they 'd have to take on the costs of changing currency and the potential long-term ramifications of creating barriers to business with the rest of the eu . 
  the use of the euro has contributed to greece 's issue , but i 've seen little comprehensive evidence to suggest that ditching the euro now will help them in the short - or long-term . 
   i think the rest of europe must understand that as well , they just do n't care , they presumably are happy enough to be in a federal europe they 'll just argue over the details of it rather than the principle . 
  i would argue that most eurozone countries currently suffering might suffer more if they formed independent currencies . 
  if there was strong evidence that , say , greece would benefit hugely from now ditching the euro , they 'd be a lot further along the path of making that happen . 
  for the record , i think calling it a `` death tax '' instead of an `` inheritance tax '' is why you 're being downvoted . 
  how do you effectively do this ? 
  progressive taxation of income prevents , to an extent , the accumulation of obscene amounts of wealth . 
  given enough time , progressive taxation should phase out wealth inequality . 
  what 's a better alternative ? 
  even luxury goods taxes are n't all that effective . 
  i assume you 'll start campaigning for council tax reform , then . 
  normandy seems to make less money than crusader kings ii would have me believe . 
  you think gender segregation in the workforce is n't a serious social issue ? 
  did n't i hear of an independence movement in veneto really recently ? 
  those people might not take too kindly to veneto 's removal . 
  you 're not okay with the presentation of northern cyprus as an * option * for those living there ?
