  i think a european state could see a lot of benefits , especially if it had the budget to implement state-wide policies and measures . 
  imagine a single rail organisation , run by the european union government , that provided a service all around europe . 
  a consistent , reliable , affordable service ( the first three are unlikely with a privatised system , especially since current eu countries award contracts to random companies , not all the same ) . 
  that 'd be pretty stellar . 
  and more funding to systems like erasmus and so forth ... ah , it 'd be lovely . 
  it 's not a realistic dream today ; not with so much wealth inequality , ideological schisms , and a heightened level of euroscepticism . 
  it 's weird , actually , that a lot of problems in the eu right now ( like the eurozone crisis ) could be solved by tightening regulations across the eu , but the problems themselves are giving people cold feet and they want to retreat instead . 
  i 'd say it 's easier to press on and legislate towards a more integrated european state than to pull out altogether . 
  i 'm fairly certain that people feel that they do n't have `` a say '' in european matters because people do n't give a shit about european parliament elections . 
  i 'm sure there are people that do n't even realise there are such things . 
  do you think voter turnout for the european elections is as high as for national elections ? 
  we should work on the fact that people * do * have a vote in european matters . 
  to add to that , we should also encourage people to stop voting bigots and eurosceptics into the eu . 
  eurosceptics largely just throw a spanner into the work , at which point you may as well have elected nobody . 
  as for bigots ... do we really want nick griffin representing the uk at european parliament ? 
  because he does . 
  yeah . 
  that does n't just affect the eu either , it affects the world : manufacturers will pump less money into high-bandwidth projects because the return will not be as great , because there wo n't be eu sales . 
  there 'll be less development in these sectors , even in the us . 
  i think the immediate solution to this problem would be the introduction of a g8 category , but that still does n't solve the issue of memory bandwidth being the inexplicable bottleneck . 
  they need to use something like gigaflops or another reliable benchmark , and then make sure there are enough categories for this to remain a long-term viable solution . 
  in what way is nuclear power sustainable ? 
  a dead fish rolled up in a newspaper ? 
  where 'd she get that , the fish and chip shop ? 
  i would hope they take the tariff/tax route rather than ban . 
  what happens if a phone launches in europe without galileo support , because it does n't launch until two or three months later ? 
  i suddenly ca n't buy that phone , even though the manufacturer is still trying to shift it ? 
  it should be a tariff paid by the person buying the phone . 
  ah , i believe i did indeed mean dissecting . 
  thank you . 
  really ? 
  because i read the headline and envisioned exactly that : the dissolution of a city council ( `` city government '' ) because of alleged mafia ties . 
  maybe i 'm better at disseminating sensationalist headlines than you are . 
  honestly , most eurosceptics i 've spoken to argue that `` great britain can go it alone ! '', 
  and that the eu is trying to become a new nazi empire . 
  that , and a lot of bigotry towards immigrants and scroungers who we apparently suffer at the hands of . 
  while i 've heard concerned voices about the finances of the eu and its future , these people tend to be challenging the implementation of the eu rather than its existence or their state 's membership . 
  i live in scotland , though , which has a smaller concentration of eurosceptics than england , especially the london area -- so maybe i 've only spoken to idiots . 
  ah , my bad , i did n't realise you were referring to that . 
  i was n't so much talking about money , there ; i meant that the uk should not reap the benefits of eu membership without fully committing itself to the union , which i do n't believe it has . 
  that there is internal pressure in the uk government to leave the eu , mostly from the biggest party in parliament , gives me little faith . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i do n't think that justifies the british government 's lack of respect for the eu and consistent political attitudes towards it . 
  i do n't think that we should . 
  it displays a gross disrespect for the system ; you should n't benefit from it if you do n't put anything in . 
  yes , there are countries in the eu whose economies are not as strong as some other members . 
  that 's bound to happen . 
  the entire point of the eu is that responsibility becomes joint among the members -- they look out for each other . 
  that 's not what 's happening now . 
  eu members are being selfish ; that should end now . 
  the uk is probably the worst high-profile offender . 
  our many eurosceptics embarrass me . 
  i 'd veto david cameron if i could . 
  for a country that takes advantage of eu trade agreements so much , it 's astonishing to see the level of euroscepticism in parts of the uk . 
  it essentially comes down to morons fearing socialism and federalism , who would prefer to be america 's lapdog than part of a progressive union . 
  ( it 's hilarious in the context of the scottish independence campaign : we 're better together , but not * that * together . ), 
   it 's not really racism , just good old fashioned internet stupidity . 
  not much to be done about it really , just ignore articles about some muslim doing something shocking . 
  and steer clear of threads about roma too , those get very nasty indeed . 
  it 's racism caused by stupidity , but it 's racism nonetheless . 
  i 'd also encourage downvoting where those idiots are . 
  i just hate that attitude : this place is so [ x ] , so i 'll avoid it . 
  that will make it worse . 
  stay , and contribute your voice , and you 'll make the community a better place . 
  if everyone does that , you can cause a monumental shift . 
  when i was young and holidaying in amsterdam , my mother managed to have a conversation with a young dutch woman . 
  my mother was speaking german and the young woman was speaking dutch -- and they both understood each other fine . 
  i thought it was quite funny . 
  original text : `` then again , we 've come a long way in the last 20 years considering the difficulty of the task . '', 
  ... 21 translations later , bing gives us : `` in addition , we are in the next 20 years , facing the hard way home . '', 
  if the rest of the uk wants to carry on calling itself `` the uk '' , there 's nobody that can say otherwise , but that does n't mean it becomes the sole successor state . 
  scotland has much a right to be considered a successor state as any hypothetical united kingdom of england , wales , and northern ireland has . 
  there are bound to be disagreements on that front , yes , but establishing that scotland is a valid successor to the uk is alone enough to confirm `` automatic '' eu membership for scotland . 
  scotland is not a signatory to the eu treaties , that 's true . 
  but you 're over-simplifying matters . 
  the uk exists today as `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' , which is the state referred to within the uk 's treaties . 
  once the uk breaks up , it will no longer be the same country : it 'll be `` the united kingdom of england , wales , and northern ireland '' , or whatever else they decide to call it . 
  they can no longer claim the great britain title . 
  in international law , the `` successor state '' to the signatory is identified , and usually held to uphold whichever treaties they 've signed . 
  therefore , any treaties made by the uk will remain intact after scottish independence , even though we 're strictly talking about a different country . 
  the complication there is , however , that the united kingdom is so based upon the union between scotland and england ( as wales was incorporated into england through war at the time ) , both scotland and the remaining portions of the uk can be considered successor states . 
  therefore , any treaties the present uk holds will be upheld by both scotland and ruk . 
  ideally , england , wales , and northern ireland will realise how worse off they 'd be outwith the eu and they 'd stay in . 
  as from a geographical standpoint , it 's really not that ugly : northern ireland is n't too far off england that it stands out . 
  i mean , it 's not even close to the mess that is alaska being part of the usa , if that 's what you mean . 
  scotland would n't necessarily be a new member ; it 's likely going to be considered an equal successor state to the current uk as england , wales , and northern ireland will be . 
  it 's not `` silly '' to want to join the european union as an independent country . 
  scotland would have the option to opt out of the eu at any point that there is significant discord between the scottish government and brussels ; scotland today can not opt out of the united kingdom . 
  the point is that westminster is travelling down a political path that is not agreeable to the scottish electorate ( who are the minority , so they have to put up with the english-elected pm ) and so independence actually permits some political self-determination . 
  the scottish electorate are more empowered within an eu member scotland than within an eu member uk , hands down . 
  ( oh : and there 's no official statement from the eu on whether scotland will remain a member automatically or not , but there is in fact significant precedent to that effect . 
  plus , as the union is based on that of scotland and england , the two countries should and likely will be treated as equal successor states , rather than scotland being a new state . ), 
  there is significant precedent for scotland remaining in the eu , actually ; assertions otherwise are little more than scare-mongering . 
  the statement on catalonia needing to negotiate re-applying have even been clarified as having no bearing on scotland , as scotland is already a country , where catalonia is not . 
  `` trading london for brussels '' is a completely idiotic statement which i loathe . 
  the scottish government can not opt out of the united kingdom , but it could opt out of the european union at any point it wanted , not to mention the fact that a vast number of powers currently held by westminster would be held by holyrood instead , even as part of the eu . 
  i 'm not arguing that norway and iceland are n't doing well , but i refuse to concede that being in the eu is somehow a bad thing . 
  the only thing that concerns me here is that the united kingdom is going to drag scotland out of the european union before the scottish independence referendum , which i do n't want to happen . 
  if any eu referendum comes up in the uk , i 'll vote to stay in . 
  i 'm not fond of the idea of a european army , nor strictly a european police force , but a directly elected president and more powers to the european parliament seem like logical steps to me .
