  words of the dutch republic , much better times as opposed to the dutch kingdom which is a napoleonic leftover . 
  thank you , i 'll accept any reddit gold gladly . 
  netherlands and belgium are in fact interchangeable . 
  they basicly describe the same area by definition . 
  [ we used to be a siamese twin . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seventeen_provinces ), 
  not really all that related . 
  you are as much belgae as we are batavian , which is not that much . 
  germanic migrations and such changed the makeup since then . 
  also belgica was the name used for all of the netherlands , not just the south . 
  for example the dutch republic also had alternative names : `` belgica foederata '' , `` foederatae belgii provinciae '' . 
  belgium , what is that ? 
  surely you meant the southern-netherlands ? 
  he installed his brother as first king in the netherlands as well , he had some serious problems . 
  we used red , white and blue ages before the french . 
  [ nice try , vertical dutch !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/reinier_nooms_-_before_the_battle_of_the_downs_-_c.1639.jpg ), 
  you do realise the french flag is based on the colors of paris ? 
  heard that the white flag of surrender is used because you would use to use the flag of your opponent when surrendering and that opponent happened to be france a lot . 
  not sure if true though . 
  you think just because no weapons are allowed that there is n't a black market to provide them ? 
  if they know the right people they can easilly get a kalishnikov to do the same . 
  just look at charlie hebdo to see what some militia can cause , if you do n't know who to look out for they can easilly kill some people . 
  and the blood will not just be on their hands , people who have enabled them are also to blame . 
  are n't there also many turkish beer brands ? 
  turks generally are more educated then many other muslim immigrants , at least around here . 
  not sure why but its definately noticable . 
  also at higher education you can usually see the turks being overrepresented . 
  that is what you get with soft policies . 
  i wonder how many people will die because of said policies . 
  if only one or two mods care about public opinions that is not changing anything . 
  of all the forums and subreddits i 've been to i 've never seen such a mess as here . 
  posts constantly deleted and a drunk mod banning people and even keeping his position . 
  seems awefully lot like some kind of corruption . 
  should n't something that important require community input ? 
  reason i am saying that is because quite frankly i 've lost all trust in this team . 
  i heard there is a mobile app which does allow the use of filters on mobile though . 
  some dank memes you have there , so you will treat me how most are treating you ? 
  seems fine . 
  wrong , latest activity in said links was from several years ago . 
  how is that proof again ? 
  again which facts ? 
  have trouble reading ? 
  it was n't proof . 
  flair checks out . 
  have yet to see actual proof of said brigading . 
  just some links on extremist forum threads which are many years old are hardly proof . 
  also when taking into account the daily amount of users here etc. 
  its just an excuse to apply censorship . 
  same here , have been on reddit for a while and many other forums and just the things that happen here are totally unacceptable for such a large forum . 
  too expensive . 
  ofcourse its not serious , just a taunt and blow towards germany by the said pilot . 
  probably will be no reaction . 
  is there any connection to the hanseatic league ? 
  i believe they used the white/red flag as well . 
  mods remove posts about controversial subjects all the time , not sure we can specify which mod in particular though . 
  i 'd like tot see more proof for that besides the complaints of one person . 
  this dutch company is already in the works to colonise mars , its called [ mars one ] ( http://www.mars-one.com/ ) . 
  really interesting . 
  this so much , its a positive association . 
  its about the character , not the person beneath it . 
  the people screaming about how it racist seem to care way too much about skin color , they are ironically being extremely racist themselves . 
  just to make things clear , sinterklaas celebration comes first . 
  santa claus is just a copy of sinterklaas which happened in usa . 
  sinter klaas  santa claus . 
  as for black pete , they are there to bring joy and fun to children . 
  how could you possibly see it as a negative influence ? 
  just because he is black does n't make it racist . 
  dane dutch deutsch, 
  too soon . 
  indeed . 
  during the dutch republic the other provinces complained about the name and it was renamed `` flag of the states '' . 
  reason for holland being so well known is because it was dominant , it paid for half the expenses . 
  i 've heard that color videos of the liberation show a large portion of people using the orange flag , as they did n't have the oppertunity to replace it yet . 
  they are n't copies , they are all based on other things . 
  belgian flag on duchy of brabant , german flag of l\u00fctzow free korps , dutch flag on colors of holland/bavaria , french flag based on paris/monarchy . 
  french flag only appeared during the french revolution , with its colors based on the parisian colors . 
  dutch flag predates it by a few centuries . 
  indeed . 
  that is why the voc/wic used the red version . 
  prinsenvlag saw some use in the military arm of the dutch fleet but even became forbidden at one point once the statists came to power . 
  [  =d ] ( http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/392985/eu-flag-burning.jpg ), 
  i suggest we create more megathreads to cover each of those negative subjects . 
  surely its the solution . 
  not really . 
  read [ this ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlag_van_nederland ) , the red version actually predates the prinsenvlag . 
  new studies show that the red represents county of holland and the white and blue the von wittelsbach familly of bavaria who ruled as count at the time . 
  if only , at / r/vexillology they showed the colors actually predated that battle . 
  definately a cool story though , quite dank . 
  red represents the county of holland . 
  white and blue represents the von wittelsbach familly from bavaria who ruled the county of holland at that time when the flag was created . 
  originally known as the hollandic flag . 
  not sure there is any deeper meaning behind the colors besides that . 
  so contrary to popular thoughts it actually predates the french flag . 
  you 'd be surpised . 
  in fact i 'm being pm ` ed by a guy calling me a fanatic because i oppose the immigration in its current form . 
  i know you 're joking , but honestly it would n't suprise me if it actually happened . 
  did n't similar things occur before in sweden ? 
  how so ? 
  a murderer getting murdered is n't innocent though .
