  right now your comment is a rather disgusting remark meant to discredit everyone who opposes the large amounts of immigration . 
  `` everyone is just showing their conern by burning down buildings '' no , not really . 
  then you choose a rather poor set of words to say that . 
  since you seem to imply `` showing concern = far-right extremist '' . 
  they are , yet you seem to imply with that sentence that everyone who is showing their concern is a far-right extremist . 
  nice straw man . 
  no , if you ask me my country should only take refugees from neighbouring countries . 
  earlier in this thread actually : `` that 's because there is no such thing as far-right extremism anymore , everyone is just showing their concern by burning down buildings and murdering people . 
  you 're so silly to think there are actual far-right extremists ! '', 
  because i 've yet to see that . 
  if people are saying the refugees should drown or be killed they should be reported and dealt with by the mods . 
  however your comments seems rather to discriminate against everyone who is opposed to the large amounts of immigration , which would n't be the first time you 've said such a thing either . 
  and what do you call someone implying that all right wing voters are far-right extremists ? 
  there is such a thing as discrimination based on political views . 
  that is n't even up to discussion , ofcourse it is not ok . and where do you see people saying that ? 
  people saying that should just be reported to the mods . 
  again , calling everyone who disagrees with your political views a brigader is rather narrow minded . 
  if they exist they surely are a minority here . 
  most people want alternatives , ca n't save the whole world . 
  what if a disaster happens in new sealand are we also forced to accept refugees in our country ? 
  where do we draw the line ? 
  which brigade again ? 
  yet to see conclusive proof for that , for now it seems to be a tool to discredit certain topics which concerns normal people . 
  idealism without realism is n't going to achieve much . 
  the sooner we abolish it the better , it leads to far to much problems currently if the outer states are unable to stop illegals from just moving in . 
  yes , lets just disciminate everyone by calling them far-right extremists !, 
  surely that is going to be a progressive line of thought . 
  letting a jihad fighter return and just letting him walk free and giving him a chance to murder an entire train of 360 people ? 
  big failure . 
  strongly disagree , not our responsibility to take those refugees . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  at which country do you stop taking refugees ? 
  just send financial aid to support them in neighbouring countries . 
  no point in stabbing ourself while helping others . 
  i 'm sure of that , however i am of the opinion my country should only accept refugees from countries which are actually nearby . 
  where do we draw the line ? 
  no they should n't , just let them into neighbouring countries . 
  ca n't save the whole world by letting all refugees here . 
  at which border do you draw the line ? 
  if you take an army of 40,000 men with you i 'd definately think so yes . 
  do you mean the dutch invasion of britain ? 
  do you mean the dutch invasion of britain ? 
  this . 
  in the end human lives matter more , if it is to provide for your familly i ca n't see it being morally wrong . 
  honestly its just causing problems by allowing them here , no point in solving problems if they can be avoided . 
  would have been better to spend all that money into local refuge . 
  very beautifull city and an amazing history . 
  only wish they would renovate the paintwork , the decay really is a stain on the beauty of it all . 
  was going to react untill i realised this entire thread was removed , violating new policies . 
  maybe another time . 
  people getting pissed because some unacceptable actions of a certain moderator gets pointed out seems to be a rather logical outcome . 
  however if there really are personal insults they should be removed , not the entire thread destroyed to cover it up which violates new policies . 
  so its ok to do x ? 
  its not following the new policies to do x. 
  why did x happen ? 
  witch hunt ? 
  if they fail to do so i will call them out on it . 
  the fact that the new policy gets ignored almost immediately when such a situation pops up is rather weird . 
  i believe they cost us 2 euros per year for each person , and that is without looking at the benefits they provide . 
  this made me get a whole new kind of hatred for the french revolutionairies . 
  so its ok to delete threads which dare to criticise a mod ? 
  `` we will also stop removing comments that criticise the mod team directly . 
  this is unconstructive . 
  likewise meta-threads about the subreddit are also allowed from the community . '', 
  what happened to this policy ? 
  posting in non-english is quite offensive though in an english community . 
  dclauzel deleting posts because they are n't in english is well , extremely ironic . 
  evil does n't excuse evil . 
  claudzak haha xd . 
  if only i had reddit gold to give . 
  someone with the berlin flair speaking french ? 
  interesting . 
  why do i suddenly feel the urge to eat a croissant ? 
  how about turning them into stadhouders . 
  like the good old days . 
  so just normal murder ? 
  usually lands are taken with inhabitants . 
  without expelling 15 million people from their homes . 
  and which european approach would that be ? 
  because that will lead to cases where post they disagree with get removed under false accusations . 
  assuming ofcourse that it did n't happen already . 
  yes i believe it was an important hanseatic city . 
  and what do you call consistent `` poor judgement '' ? 
  that does n't justify censorship though . 
  said mod has a history of doing questionable actions which violate a lot of freedom of speech . 
  if i recall correctly he was one of the strongest supporters of the megathread as well . 
  how so ? 
  even when we were a republic we still had that familly around as princes . 
  the netherlands today is more like a republic than many factual republics . 
  if that is n't agenda pushing i do n't know what is . 
  supplying proof for your claims sounds rather reasonable . 
  otherwise it easilly leads to abuse . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/german1910.png ) map gives a good indication i think . 
  depends , if you forget the ethnic cleansing after wwii most definately . 
  for comparison it would be like all people currently living in the netherlands were forcefully removed ( ~ the same number of people which were removed ) and the lands given to other people who were forcefully moved . 
  they lost those lands basicly because of war crimes , hence the illegitimate nature . 
  take a look at [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/german1910.png ) map for comparison . 
  thought danzig was inhabited mostly by germans ? 
  while posen was definately polish . 
  interesting how he says some are `` doublons '' without actually linking to them , just refering to `` new '' .
