  edit : also have to remind you , the downvote button is not a disagree button . 
  try to control yourself if someone goes out there and is honest about his views . 
  in that case we 'll take antwerp of your hands , no problem . 
  bit two sided . 
  one one side it will never look like a proper ruin again however on the other side you can clearly see the old parts from the new and it will now remain intact . 
  this might be for the best . 
  any chance they want a spaintrance ? 
  because of higher odds of getting assaulted and potentially raped . 
  do n't make a fool out of yourself . 
  interesting that you think that , considering that he has been living under security without any freedom for ten years , just for his opinion . 
  indeed and there is still the nato after all . 
  depends in which way you are talking about . 
  you 're confused with fortuyn . 
  we already did that once . 
  france and britain had to be a dick about it though . 
  was n't the movement in venice quite big as well ? 
  so you are saying belgians are richer because they do n't invest in roads ? 
  sadly they killed fortuyn so we do n't have many options anymore . 
  at least with wilders you know what you 're getting , considering he has given up his personal freedom for the sake of politics . 
  in time dutch would become dominant again . 
  you know , in the same way that the dutch language is supressed in french flanders , or the german language in alsace . 
  with willem ofcourse !, 
  as our stadtholder !, 
  us nukes are in other eu countries . 
  besides , we are still part of the nato regardless of eu membership . 
  that will be the day to join the resistance movement . 
  using the dead for your own political goals , truelly disgusting . 
  implying that europe would wage war again if the union stopped to exist is the ranting of a lunatic . 
  if a brexit does indeed happen nigel farage will probably be a name to remember . 
  i 'm talking about the referendum of a european constitution . 
  dutch people voted against and it was swiftly ignored . 
  not sure we should reward such disrespect of dutch democracy . 
  pissing of russia is giving us security ? 
  russia is a better trade partner than ukraine will ever be . 
  then maybe they should have thought about that before ignoring our previous referendum . 
  all the more reason for the people in the netherlands to vote against the association agreement with ukraine in the coming referendum . 
  their referendum system really is something more countries should strive for . 
  getting voting passes with information regarding the different vote options . 
  i 've always found it ironic , the guy who wanted to give people more freedom was killed in name of said freedom . 
  he even went to visit a hospital to visit the wounded of a previous attack , which signed his death . 
  so now they will be sneaky about it and ban after the referendum ? 
  that might be even worse . 
  showing the refugees ( right ) that it is ok to treat gay people differently , not sure why people see this as a good thing . 
  and a few million more are on their way according to german estimates . 
  the germans are lesbians ? 
  time to flood the dykes again . 
  also in all these maps alsace does not use the german version , is there not still a large amount of german speakers in that area ? 
  because it is not a solution to any problems , not for us or for them . 
  not such a limit of housing , rather if everyone has two children eventually population growth will stagnate with a large amount of elderly . 
  that is the direction we are headed in and it really is unavoidable long-term . 
  which is why it annoys me when some politicians seem to think they need to add more people or stimulate population growth , its just delaying the inevitable . 
  no , waste of money . 
  we have to look at self interest in the first place , not enlarging the union for the sake of enlarging it . 
  you are joking but the population of europe has nearly reached its limit . 
  studies by hans rosling show that population has a limit on earth . 
  so birth rate is n't an issue , its a natural occurance . 
  please explain . 
  or you could do it the other way around , nigel desperately trying to save everyone from the evil football team . 
   europol estimates the number of eu citizens who have slipped back after training in the middle east as between 3,000 and 5,000 , rob wainwright , the british head of europol , the eu 's police agency , said . 
  til that europol is trying to right-wing scaremonger . 
  maybe pay attention to the article next time . 
  and which human right would that be ? 
  the right to inflict pain on animals when it is not needed ? 
  studies show that cutting them that way still make them suffer pain for two minutes . 
  we had a large discussion about this on the netherlands sub . 
  it most definately is not animal friendly . 
  this blackmail threat from juncker really is unbelievable . 
  a severe lack of respect for democracy . 
  those are just for show , sadly . 
  would like to see his exact words , otherwise this news is rather meaningless . 
  thanks for the context . 
  now we know where they got the idea that there were only three refugees involved . 
  but if they only see syrians as refugees they should not treat the others as refugees as is happening at this moment . 
  biggest enemy is probably england . 
  many wars waged against them . 
  i 've read reports of isis having made chemical weapons and looking to transport it to the west . 
  so yeah ... 
  definately an unbiased article . 
  you do realise that bad articles such as this will only help people to make the decision to vote against ? 
  not really . 
  realists were saying this for ages , there will be blood on some politician 's hands if people get killed . 
  exactly , even the netherlands tried that against spain for 80 years but just could n't make it . 
  did you even reply to the right person ? 
  and to think sweden could have helped far more people by spending that same money on local refugee camps . 
  just further prooves it is not about helping refugees at all , rather just an emotional decision to feel good . 
  cultural incompatibility on certain issues such as woman 's rights . 
  the gilded comment mentioned provided further explanation of this . 
  read the link / u/mirh posted . 
  japan being a prime example , as they have one of the harshest immigration policies . 
  that message definately deserved its gold . 
  great description of the problem , too bad many people do n't realise this and rather choose to discard the cultural issue at hand . 
  quite patriotic . 
  and many often seem to forget that the pride that you have of your country does n't equal hate of other countries . 
  there is a big difference . 
  time to call piet heijn !, 
  bismarck would have kept the russians on the side of germany ( as it was originally ) probably . 
  if wwi could be avoided the extremist movements ( communism/nazism ) could perhaps have been avoided . 
  as i 've read on reddit somewhere : `` one day the great european war will come out of some damned foolish thing in the balkans ( 1888 ) . '' - bismarck, 
  that was the plan right ? 
  fight against a common enemy ( france ) to unite the german states .
