  referendums allow the electorate to correct the politicians if they are not following the course they wish to be followed . 
  it will be up to the politicians to inform the electorate on the deal at hand and what it entails . 
  having a referendum means people become more involved into politics which only strenghtens the idea of a direct democracy . 
  of the people who did n't vote in our referendum a large part did n't do so because they feel they wont be heard anyways . 
  which is horrible and the way the ruling goverment is handling this only seems to confirm the thoughts of those people . 
  time to give some power back to the people . 
  who cares , they can also vote to allow it again in the future . 
  democracy . 
  yes , lets ignore the people . 
  surely that will ends well . 
  `` give us your money and shut up , i 'll know what is good for you stupid pleb . '', 
  the arrogance . 
  any existing minarets were allowed to remain though , which is n't really mentioned . 
  besides , that is democracy . 
  no religion was banned just strong symbols which do n't mix well with the surrounding architecture . 
  not sure . 
  i believe fortuyn did mention reorganising the army into only a naval part which would have aerial and land components . 
  vnl wants to uphold the 2 % norm , which would mean new submarines and a aircraft carrier . 
  and upgrading all outdated materials . 
  which sounds interesting at least . 
  are n't we one of the biggest per capita payers to the eu ? 
  how to cause a rebellion is one easy step ; ignore the masses from voicing their opinion . 
  switzerland disagrees . 
  i 've only heard about vnl trying to boost our navy . 
  they actually made plans for a dutch aircraft carrier to allow for such reach in the caribbean . 
  democracy in all of europe is under threat by the current eu is n't it ? 
  sweden is starting to look more and more like some sort of bad luck brian . 
  because everyone voted for just one reason right ? 
  interesting how you are generalising an entire group . 
  `` for '' side was indeed biggest in doing this . 
  in fact i hardly saw any arguments in public . 
  `` continental crisis ! '', 
  `` friends of putin ! '', 
  for example were commonly heard . 
  saw the same in our referendum . 
  just people trowing emotions around and fear mongering . 
  here a quote from juncker :  `` there can be no democratic choice against the european treaties . '', 
  really the way the eu institutions have been handling and talking about this referendum is the greatest victory for this referendum . 
  it just shows the problem within the eu and the total lack of respect for the citizens within each country . 
  this is just fuel for eurosceptics . 
  even if its a personal attack should n't it still fall under freedom of speech ? 
  britain leaving the eu . 
  euro is removed , now with a northern currency and a southern currency . 
  eurosceptism on the rise , forcing the eu to lose power and put a halt to the ever closing union . 
  cooperation with respect of individual countries returns again . 
  a man can dream right ? 
  how is that plane not falling from the sky ? 
  seems like a thing erdogan would say . 
  see what i did there ? 
  maybe with a `` neuro '' , but not in another way :d . 
  so the ukrainians with a russian ethnicity are n't part of your population ? 
  any argument here or just personal attacks ? 
  you can have wallonia , we 'll take flanders !, 
  [ this ] ( http://content1a.omroep.nl/urishieldv2/l27m0c4d689a42d0123b005707c5be000000.38b73cc3cd171accd281b7cb078bb9bf/nos/docs/070414_ipsos.pdf ) piece suggest that the `` against '' voters have informed themselves . 
  -- really take a argument without downvoting people because you disagree . 
  its weak . 
  thanks , i was in need of some salt . 
  i 'd like to see you try . 
  arrogance is n't going to get you anywhere ukraine . 
  where am i putting blame on europe ? 
  again , i 'm talking causes . 
  action and reaction . 
  less than you apparantly . 
  where am i defending it ? 
  by all means show it to me . 
  i 'm talking causes . 
  crimea did n't just happen because putin was bored , or do you honestly think that ? 
  there is some support in right-wing as well for basic income . 
  as it essentially means more freedom for the individual and a smaller government . 
  i 'd like to receive those radar images from ukraine then . 
  or the satellite images from the us . 
  and why did they invade ? 
  for the sake of it ? 
  i found another link , does it work now ? 
  interesting , i found another link . 
  does it work now ? 
  a dutch institution asked the ukrainian acclaimed researchers to perform the research . 
  it was published on a dutch site . 
  again , just read the research and the names of the researchers . 
  maybe do a background check on the researchers if you still ca n't look past source and seem inclined to disregard the message because of it . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.wanttoknow.nl/wp-content/uploads/300316_tni_oekraine.pdf ) might interest you . 
  it was a research by ukrainian researchers which concluded that this association agreement will not improve the lives of the average ukrainian citizen . 
  rather it will benefit mostly the oligarchy and the multinational companies . 
  what i meant was that there was no civil war and famine when it was under the russian sphere of influence . 
  then eu extended its influence , including eu officials screaming on maidan , which was the start of conflict . 
  what alternative cause do you propose ? 
  they already did it once here in the netherlands the last time we had a referendum . 
  voted `` against '' this morning . 
  the trade part of the agreement will stay regardless of our vote . 
  so essentially my against vote simply negates the political , military and financial components of which i am no fan . 
  at the same time it shows that i have no intention for my country to play a geo-political power game against russia , which also has more trade importance to my country than ukraine . 
  while also supporting more direct democracy in my country and potentially putting a halt to the eu project . 
  it will be relatively rare but you can definately expect more of them . 
  no way no one will organise one for ttip for example . 
  government still is corrupt . 
  remember panama papers ? 
  eu trying to play this geopolitical game with russia has resulted in ukraine being the victim . 
  people tend to forget that eu influence started this whole mess for ukraine . 
  just a different cover , still need to stop it though . 
  wait just a second , is this the prime minister who asked the icelandic president to step down ?
