  then again if more people are upvoting such posts then it is something most people do want to talk about . 
  utrecht is the shizz . 
  then again they do n't start with a core in gelre anymore . 
  its all holland now !, 
  need that increased coring to protect against france . 
  dutch republic has aristocratic though , good try but bad meme . 
  [ if only ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_of_the_netherlands ) . 
  you seem to have missed the shitstorm yesterday . 
  and no , the megathread is about the lyon attack not the tunisia one . 
  i 'm not british enough to understand this joke , sadly . 
  and it were british mods removing these posts , interesting irony in a way . 
  so they can feel good about themselves ? 
  some people just want to save the world , or make the appearance of trying at least . 
  how the hell does one learn this ? 
  and who get to decide who is a good person ? 
  dangerous ground you are tredding on here . 
  banned from / r/europe . 
  joking aside , there are actual people who call others racist and nazi for saying the same thing . 
  i totally agree , religion is the past . 
  religion , or ideology ? 
  you only empower what you censor . 
  so do n't censor things mods , dont bend down to extremism . 
  when you start posting in two languages when europe is supposed to signify unity , then such an argument is easilly made . 
  which is a stupid move by the ceo . 
  definately not racism . 
  and i have to agree with him , i would n't do the same . 
  time has basicly come where we ca n't see islam as `` just '' another religion , it has become much more for a lot of people . 
  that is where you are mistaken . 
  he asked if he might 've been banned because he was also critical about the illegal immigration using boats and that it should be stopped , which was a day or two before his ban . 
  quite likely , mods view on some topics are very clear . 
  how so ? 
  was just repeating some official plans which were in the news just days before that . 
  facts can be insultive . 
  get the guillotine and some french !, 
  should have thought about that before mindlessly deleting relevant posts . 
  we should remove him in that case . 
  that is not for you to decide , this topic concerns europe . 
  depends , if a mod is not fit for the job we should be able to call them out on it . 
  if it remains polite ofcourse . 
  their ethics are not for me to decide . 
  do n't see the problem . 
  if they want to have bull fighting let them , their choice . 
  so 3/8 people are born british from mothers born there amongst those 500.000 ? 
  wow . 
  reported for racism . 
  is calling a black person black racist ? 
  definately a horror scenario , rocket shields would be able to block some missles but not all . 
  human progress would be halted for a few centuries , scary thought . 
  time for us to learn the ways of horseriding and archery if we are to stand a chance against russia . 
  because i do n't see the need of it being anything more . 
  my country losing its sovereignty is n't something i would ever support . 
  hold the gates !, 
  the perfect example , i 'm not sure why you are being downvoted . 
  it shows that forcing areas with such strong local identities together is n't all that efficient . 
  this problem would be on a huge scale if you take all the european identities and force them all together . 
  if you 're going down that route , belgium shows it is n't all that efficient . 
  absolutely not . 
  europe should be an economic and military cooperation , nothing more . 
  i seem to have missed the joke , what is the connection between that and the irish ? 
  if only they would speak the same language there . 
  venice i gues , amazing history and flag . 
  they also get to drown soon like us in the netherlands so it checks out i suppose . 
  revolt was probably at its strongest at antwerp , before some spanish decided all that wealth did n't really belong to the city . 
  definately have some hopes for the future , with the prinsenvlag representing the greater whole . 
  a man can dream right ? 
  funny thing being that flanders was also part of the revolt  . 
  gib cleves, 
  mah freedom . 
  [ which line are you ? 
  depends , when the quran is filled with texts going against said freedom . 
  bit hypocritical . 
  yet it is fair since its about a religion with a considerable presence in our countries and not just in another continent . 
  islam does have problems , and we should be able to point those out . 
  it does not deserve any kind of special treatment which it often seems to receive . 
  lets hope they wont think hitler was just doing things because `` it was the time '' . 
  that very difference is hardly a pointless comparison . 
  if we see all religions as equal ( which is debatable ) then such acts does deserve to be talked about . 
  have you read his manifest ? 
  his policies are in there . 
  he explained the reason for him saying that and i see no reason at this point to doubt that , even if it was not a smart thing to say considering the uproar it has caused . 
  and a judge decides that , not you . 
  what relation does that have with this topic of comics here in western countries ? 
  he is n't , i vote for him . 
  i 'm saying that discimination against a religion is not racism . 
  we should . 
  everyone who did bad things in history ca n't just be pardoned by `` it was the time '' . 
  accused does not equal racist . 
  besides he clarified afterwards he meant criminal maroccans ( which are a problem ) as stated in his program . 
  discimination does not equal racism . 
  quite frankly i never take the `` racism ! '', 
  card serious anymore , it has been abused to much as an excuse . 
  why is wilders a racist ? 
  he has a hungarian wife and an indonesian grandmother i believe , bit weird if you ask me . 
  have yet to see some angry christians visit a cartoon studio with ak-47s for drawing some lines on paper . 
  islam has some issues , which at this point ca n't be denied . 
  and because of that it has become a prime target for cartoonists and such to criticise it because when you ca n't speak bad of something anymore dangerous things happen ( loss of freedom of speech ) . 
  the constructive part is showing that terror attacks like that in paris have no effect , showing that we wont allow our freedom of speech to be taken away . 
  not showing it means giving in to the extremists . 
  offtopic on your part . 
  its about showing cartoons of a glorified pedophile ( 9 year old wife ) , people have been shot dead for the very same thing which is exactly why we should be showing them more .
