  this is litterally your third post this week where you lay a modern germany-nazi connection . 
  i suggest you stop trolling . 
  nice folk songs combined with orange in the flag , what is there not to like ? 
  again , i was talking military traditions . 
  and its pretty much known that the current germany is just a eagle without its feathers . 
  even too afraid to engage in peacekeeping missions . 
  indeed , because immigration is just a fantasy story right ? 
  any proof for that assumption ? 
  i was talking about military traditions , so its quite relevant . 
  [ not quite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmzgupfgnry ) chilean army was trained by prussian officers back in the day . 
  filtering as in you can select a box on the right to remove immigration posts for yourself . 
  like / r/worldnews . 
  because they do n't seem to care about such a discussion . 
  decent thing to do would be to admit their mistake and implement a filter system to cease the censorship . 
  they are not fully dead , in germany they are though yes . 
  german eagle is currently plucked of its feathers . 
  because that is how censorship is applied , horrible really that it is happening here . 
  yes , the netherlands currently does n't spend the required 2 % on its military . 
  so going to that would be a good start , time to specialization on certain areas as we ca n't hope to compete in all areas . 
  probably our navy , as our submarines are quite good . 
  time to adopt some prussian traditions again ? 
  or is that still taboo ? 
  might as well look the part . 
  not really an irrational fear though if you take into account possible isis infiltrators . 
  then againt those should n't be all that interested in poland as a target . 
  and the second time you did n't answer me . 
  what does it say exactly ? 
  interesting posting history on your side though . 
  how is that relevant to the feelings of his familly in germany ? 
  i 've read that 2 million people went missing and 2 million women were raped under the soviets . 
  and ofcourse 16 million people were forced to leave their homes as well . 
  western-germany was spared most of that so i was wondering why your familly thought positively about that . 
  pvv is not racist actually , pretty sure that was actually settled in court . 
  even then it regarded the person geert wilders and not the pvv as an entity . 
  and yes , religion has no place in politics . 
  so you are saying there is a greek conspiracy to get the euro to drop ? 
  is that from western or eastern germany ? 
  good thing hitler was a fool not to listen to his generals . 
  in the netherlands it is generally viewed a bit bad , we were easilly defeated by germany . 
  however it is generally known that our military did n't receive proper funding and was only at wwi level in terms of capabilities . 
  however we did have some succes , hitler believed to defeat the netherlands within a day however met some serious resistance in some areas like the grebbeberg . 
  also many german airplanes were destroyed because they thought they had already captured our airfields , which they did n't . 
  i believe the latter definately helped contribute to the war effort by limiting their options of a invasion of britain . 
  had germany not bombed rotterdam and threatened to bomb utrecht we would 've flooded the lands and probably been able to hold out for a while longer . 
  but yes , was hopeless from the start essentially . 
  irony , its a thing . 
  learn to read beyond the literal . 
  some things are not literal , which only serves to proof your incapability to recognize irony . 
  his comment however pointed out he is not the average people . 
  stereotypical `` hur dur you caused two world wars so your evil forever hur durr '' . 
  i was actually pointing out the irony in him complaining . 
  so much for your dank memes , fail . 
  someone from the usa criticising someone else about the bad things of self interest ? 
  now i 've seen it all . 
  point is that many of the descendents of black people ( zulu for example ) migrated to south-africa region after the afrikaner ancestors colonised the southern area . 
  so the common notion that they `` dont belong '' in africa is quite false . 
  i suppose so , and yes the reverse racism going on is a bit sad . 
  i 've read some stories about some afrikaners wanting a own state however i doubt south-africa would accept that . 
  belgium , flemish people are essentially southern dutch people . 
  after that the afrikaner people in south-africa i gues . 
  edit : changed boer to afrikaner , better portrays the people i 'm talking about . 
  yes , lets put all negative news in the megathread even if they are n't about immigration . 
  hear no evil , see no evil . 
  gay nazis ? 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f6/banner_of_the_holy_roman_emperor_with_haloes_%281400-1806%29.svg ) one ? 
  how can it go so far ? 
  closing borders against immigration . 
  time to sort out our problems before causing more . 
  [ should probably use this one ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140517185028/althistory/images/e/eb/prussian_eagle_without_regalia.png ) . 
  i 'm not sure anyone can take sweden seriously on points of immigration , it has no long term benefits and rather will put a heavy strain on their welfare state . 
  yes , ten years of cell for such radicals . 
  have they gone mad ? 
  those people who went to syria to fight should never be allowed to walk freely , too much of a safety risk . 
  fish and wurst ? 
  yes i would , it would open the path to make some much needed reforms to make the european union more about cooperation and less about centralisation . 
  or it would cause the collapse of it all , either would be better than the current situation . 
  pretty much , multiculturism is inheritely doomed to fail with a lot of issues being caused . 
  if you honestly believe no mistakes have been made then that is probably even worse . 
  this , i 've also been banned without a proper reason mentioned . 
  that should n't be possible as its a clear abuse of power and a violation of trust . 
  how so ? 
  if they state a fact which happened that does n't alter the fact . 
  so again , did it happen or not ? 
  yet is it true ? 
  the messenger does n't change the message . 
  calling everyone who is complaining a racist , sounds pretty radical to me . 
  you are more radical than most people complaining here with that line of thought . 
  something for you to think about . 
  its reversed racism by sweden in that scenario . 
  political correctness gone mad . 
  then the rules should be altered , since they clearly state that such a notion is banworthy . 
  also take the megathread . 
  first they say you can discuss whether it is usefull and when more than half of the posts are complaints they just do the logical thing : remove the complaints . 
  horrible decisions on their part . 
  yes their actions are becoming scary really . 
  personally i feel it might be time for new mods entirely . 
  with a tough set of requirements for becoming one . 
  keep the censorship up . 
  if you honestly believe megathreads work then the proper cause of action would be a megathread for each subject .
