i would be ok with flanders joining the netherlands , french flanders as well . 
  while they are goofing around they are n't idiots . 
  i believe they have already stated that this referendum wont manage to stop europe from pressing the association agreement anyways . 
  however it is still usefull to bring the public closer to politics . 
  also remember that the dutch voted against a european constitution yet our parliament allowed the lissabon treaty anyways . 
  there is a growing frustration amongst people which has made this referendum possible . 
  really curious what will happen , best of luck to catalonia . 
  japan is a good example , i believe they hardly have any immigration yet seem to do fine on a economical level . 
  yet can we describe them as refugees if they crossed several safe countries ? 
  how does that work ? 
  i 'd be willing to bet some money that we have a larger percentage of our population supporting the king than the percentage of votes for obama . 
  as an example . 
  its not a perfect system , but it works and i 'd argue it works better than the traditional system of voting for a president . 
  that is not possible , he will be born as a prince and if deemed incapable i 'm pretty sure one of his sisters/brothers would be chosen to become king or queen . 
  however that is not likely at all . 
  goes both ways . 
  he is not allowed to voice his own opinion and has no actual power . 
  he acts merely as a head of state , someone anyone can stand behind . 
  an elected president only represents the people who voted for him , with a king you do n't have that . 
  personally i 'm advocating australia 's measures to stop the insane amounts . 
  having a no-tolerance policy in regards to such amounts of migration is really the only way to stop if , when you start making exceptions it will work with a suction effect . 
  do note that the actual refugees must be supported , but in neighbouring countries . 
  also the peasant revolution . 
  found out about that while researching the landsknecht mercenaries , really gruesome fate they had . 
  funny thing being that our army afterwards invaded britain and installed our stadtholder as the english monarch . 
  badly enough this also meant a lot of investors leaving for england . 
  but still , for such a small country its not bad . 
  which oppression exactly ? 
  we 're one of the most liberal countries in the world . 
  we 've had the house of orange as a part of our country since our existance . 
  long live the king !, 
  did n't eurostat say only 1/4 of the incoming refugees are actually from syria ? 
  i was hoping for the other kind of nsfw pictures , heh . 
  how about black comedy ? 
  saw a funny clip of gandalf saying `` you shall not pass '' combined with some clips of refugees . 
  really curious what will happen in the coming week . 
  would be nice to see catalonia as a independent nation in europe . 
  and his facts are not opinions . 
  because it is not our responsibility to take in all refugees from all countries in the world . 
  just support their stay in neighbouring safe countries . 
  came here for hachee , did not disappoint . 
  dutch cuisine is not all that special however it does have some surprising good flavors with some food . 
  or you know , moderate imams become influenced by extremism . 
  they are already easilly influenced by such sources considering they believe in this same artificial being . 
  either europe will take measures to stop the insane amounts of immigration or the union will break apart . 
  seems to be inevitable . 
  how does that person even become a mod ? 
  are standards that low or are there simply no background checks for mods ? 
  time to dust off our pikes and muskets . 
  the point has already been explained , its about making an statement against the eu and the current disconnect from the politics and the general population . 
  this association treaty is the first occasion where the referendum law ( which is new ! ), 
  can be applied , so that is why this one in particular was chosen . 
  also interesting to note that the netherlands voted against the european constitution . 
  which was promptly ignored and turned into the lissabon treaty . 
  interesting , coming from someone presumably opposing this democratic referendum . 
  its not a binding referendum . 
  stop being so triggered . 
  voicing my opinion , if you do n't like this sub feel free to look for another . 
  i 'm not talking about an author not wanting to show his art . 
  i 'm talking about refusing to show that art because of fear of extremism . 
  the latter can only be fought by showing said art . 
  standing up against extremism is the right thing to do . 
  freedom of speech stands to be lost if people constantly give in against extremism . 
  you can blame the political correctness in europe for the last decades for the rise of extremism on all sides . 
  seems to be like the main cause of it all . 
  and let extremists violate the freedom of speech ? 
  unacceptable . 
  hoping all dutch people sign the form . 
  even if you disagree with it , at least it gives you the option to vote no when we have the referendum . 
  abusing the downvote system for things your disagree with , how pathetic . 
  thinking the same , more nations is never bad and if actually wanted by the people why not ? 
  other big movements in venice and flanders , lets hope they will be next as well . 
  i would be more worried in his lowered life expectancty . 
  untill they find a certain horn . 
  that is what i 've been saying from the beginning . 
  idiots attacking gadaffi achieved totally nothing , having him in power was in our best interest . 
  also why we need to support assad . 
  flemish is not considered an official language i believe , its just `` dutch '' . 
  * english : quite well , able to understand most of it . 
  in fact i often experience that i understand the word in english but ca n't translate it to dutch . 
  * german : basics , can understand a large part of it but do n't expect me to speak or write it . 
  * french : bad . 
  had a bit of french but i 've forgotten most of it and its a bitch to learn . 
  definately planning some duolingo in the future for german and french . 
  laying the seeds of the problems of tomorrow . 
  i 'm not sure this is sarcasm , i sure hope so . 
  ca n't shit while standing still , makes the train station quite dirty . 
  also relevant , the anthem of catalunya is quite nice . 
  see it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puymgb2qhx8 ) . 
  looking forward to their future independence . 
  found it to be a elegant solution without favoring either france or germany . 
  probably has no chance of happening though  . 
  many different versions exist , just liked the colors in this one  . 
  he proposes the following explanation after the `` less , less '' debacle . 
  as for his justification for focussing on moroccans , he mentions that moroccans are overrepresented in criminal rates and social wellfare benefits . 
  as for things he wishes to do to decrease these problems : * puting a limit on the amount of immigration from islamic countries . 
  * encouraging voluntary remigration . 
  * deporting criminal maroccans when having a double passport . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tsovc.jpg ) would be fun to experiment with . 
  reported for your disgusting remark .
