  if we forget the germanic migrations which happened , perhaps . 
  the distinction of dutch and flemish being a seperate identity is indeed a modern distinction . 
  we have a lot in common and honestly i see no reason why we are keeping the artificial border , i would n't mind a unification . 
  that is not going to happen and too extreme as a first step . 
  we first need to admit that there is a problem , which some people still do n't think . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_sxd-28pxs ) is also a great movie regarding those times . 
  really a time where there was still some decency even if there was war . 
  or the time where both sides stopped fighting and left the trenches to celebrate christmas together . 
  or when a english officer was allowed to leave detainment in germany to visit his sick mother in england , and he went back afterwards to be detained again as he promised he would . 
  so does being a troll make a good living ? 
  or are you serious ? 
  nice try . 
  insults and fearmongering wont make you twist this referendum in your favor . 
  how about , for once , you come with arguments ? 
  what benefit do we stand to gain if we vote in favor ? 
  maybe i can find the time to reply in detail at a later time . 
  but please recognize that these are the points of his personal statement , not the points which his lawyer brought forward . 
  lets wait for the investigation before making such assumptions shall we ? 
  this is quite a fundamental case as it will define the borders of freedom of speech in the netherlands . 
  in that regard the lawyer of wilders has put forward outcomes of similar us trials where freedom of speech takes preference in similar cases . 
  add to that the fact that wilders is a politician and putting forward a political opinion and things get really complicated . 
  i definately would n't want to be the judge to convict him . 
  well fortuyn was killed and he was denied state payed security when he applied for it , they ca n't do the same trick twice right ? 
  mostly venice area right ? 
  we need sunglasses , whether it is day or night . 
  * he mentions his life , the death threats and security guards , and how freedom of speech is the only freedom he has left . 
  * declarations put against him have been investigated and more than half of the investigated declarations are unjust . 
  many people did n't even know why they signed declarations , police has also preprinted declarations and even delivered those at mosques so people could more easilly sign them . 
  * he stands by his words of wanting less maroccans . 
  stating that the reasons as to how and why has been in his election programma since 2006 . 
  mainly by stopping immigration of non-western immigrants , promoting willing remigration and denaturalising criminals with a double passport and evicting them . 
  * he mentions that many people in the netherlands agree with his words . 
  * he mentions that if he said he wanted less syrians there would n't be any problems . 
  * he mentions double standards . 
  other politicans have said similar things , or arguably even worse things , and charges against those politicians have been dropped within days . 
  those politicans also received an investigation to understand the context of their words , wilders received no such investigation . 
  * one judge in particular has been openly against the pvv and was also against the disapprobation in his previous trial . 
  that judge is now on this case which wilders points out . 
  just noticed this , look at this [ franconian ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/niederfr%c3%a4nkisches-niederl%c3%a4ndisches_sprachgebiet.png ) dialects map . 
  quite interesting . 
  many of ukraine 's leading politicians have also stated their wish to join the eu right ? 
  used to call it macedonia because i did n't know better , but once you start reading more about the history of the conflict you can clearly see that greek macedonia is the actual descendant of the ancient macedonia . 
  fyrom is the result of slavic migrants claiming the history of another people which used to also live in the area . 
  not at all . 
  it is no longer about cooperation but more and more about forming a political union and centralising all rules within it . 
  which is something i will never support . 
  at this rate i 'd rather leave the union if it does not reform into something more suitable . 
  dem english stealing our jenever and calling it gin . 
  because the netherlands was more like a federation of provinces at the times of the dutch republic . 
  and those people in parliament have decided to allow the public to have a referendum if requirements are met . 
  minor subjects or not . 
  might as well make use of the added layer of democracy . 
  i 'm saying that shitting on britain will not compell them to stay . 
  `` let 's insult people , surely they will want to stay now . '', 
  not sure this program will have a good effect on the outcome for those who wish britain to remain . 
  they even had their own [ flag ] ( http://previews.123rf.com/images/erikdegraaf/erikdegraaf0910/erikdegraaf091000043/5662620-dutch-voc-flag-stock-photo.jpg ) . 
  the dutch republic was quite unique as far as state forms go . 
  i 'd compare it much more to the us , where each state is a seperate being but to the outside world they are one entity . 
  another such interesting state is the republic of venice , really interesting to read about . 
  to add to that , the world 's oldest share is from the voc . 
  interesting development seeing the coming referendum , even more corrupt than i initially thought . 
  except that the cases we are talking about are n't medical . 
  ofcourse if there is medical need it should be done but if there is no need it should not be done . 
  and most definately not because `` god wills it !, 
  the little toe , its slowly disappearing by evolution . 
  might as well cut them off right ? 
  it does n't matter whether it is important or not , you just do n't cut up little children to please a fantasy book figure . 
  indeed , and children do not need their little toes . 
  lets cut off those as well ? 
  there is no excuse for this medieval practice . 
  in a country which has been christian for 1000 + years ? 
  ofcourse it matters because that decision is made for you , by your parents . 
  its mutilating the child for the rest of his life without him having had any say in it . 
  not sure why one could defend such a thing . 
  that might be however i do n't think our political approach to foreign politics should be based on empathy . 
  rather i think the approach should be based on what is best for our country and the citizens within it . 
  and why did russia decide to interfere ? 
  why did people rise up in open revolt ? 
  eu has been influencing ukraine in a political power play and it has not worked out as intended . 
  european influence in the sense of eu officials going to ukraine inciting open revolt at maidan , giving dreams of eu entrance in the future . 
  which caused conflict because russia does not accept that . 
  and lets also remember that not all ukrainians want this , there is still a civil war after all . 
  how about ukraine fixes their own problems first before wasting millions in that effort . 
  as i said i 'm looking at this from the perspective of my country . 
  ukraine is on the other side of europe and definately not as important to us as russia in terms of economy . 
  basicly i do n't think my country should play a part in these sensitive political matters on the other side of europe . 
  there is too much at stake . 
  we ca n't , holding such a referendum does not fall within our referendum law . 
  this is the first time ever since our referendum about having a european constitution that we have a say on the european question . 
  and how would that benefit my country ? 
  people in ukraine having a hard time does not mean they deserve our support . 
  i will vote what i believe will be best for my country , not what is best for ukraine . 
  i also hope you realise that the european influence is what caused the military aggression in the first place , and the loss of crimea . 
  that is the point , the trade part of the association agreement is already working . 
  us voting will not influence that at all . 
  so in essence all we are voting about is participating in the political struggle between the eu and russia , which is not in the best interest of my country . 
  russia is a bigger trade partner for my country than ukraine will ever be . 
  it will definately be interesting to see how the ruling government will react to this . 
  polls show that the turnout will be achieved and the vote will head towards a no . 
  personally i will also vote no , not necesarilly against ukraine but primarily to make a statement against the eu .
