  just people with a similar mindset , juncker is just easy to name because he does n't give a shit and goes public with his views on the union . 
  good luck trying to reform . 
  its going to take several countries leaving before the likes of juncker even think of reforms . 
  you 're kidding but i wonder what a bomb would do to a dyke , probably nothing too severe . 
  i 'm not seeing the problem here . 
  lets not discriminate against americans . 
  why would i cry ? 
  at least they are in the eu . 
  ^ oooh, 
  the fact that you still have proof of this event stored is more creepy than the story you told . 
  i 'm not sure i like the implication of that reference . 
  such a europe which is forced upon us againt our will is not one i can support . 
  rather i might even be forced to join some resistance group to fight such tyranny . 
  you ca n't force development . 
  i 'd agree that countries growing closer together is inevitable however you ca n't force it within a short amount of years . 
  that is ofcourse assuming forming germany was a good idea . 
  the state which formed it , prussia , was annihilated . 
  which makes your reference more interesting indeed . 
  implying that war will break out as soon as the union falls apart is just scaremongering on the level of the likes of juncker . 
  i 'd argue its close to impossible in this century . 
  ofcourse it makes a good attempt at scaring people into your views . 
  which sadly represents the union quite well . 
  its time for a new union which takes it member states serious . 
  which hands the power to the people and not to institutions which voters ca n't properly influence . 
  ofcourse the chances of reforms are quite unlikely so sadly at this moment i 'm confinced that the union will have to break apart for proper reforms to be had . 
  hopefully the brexit will be the start of that . 
  why mention islam ? 
  christopher clark has some books on prussia i believe , explaining the importance prussia had in history and how it was n't just all military . 
  only makes it more sad to have 400 years of history destroyed . 
  you do realise that the dutch flag is based on the flag of holland ? 
  that our coat of arms is based for a large part of that of holland ? 
  whether we like it or not holland is definately the heart of the netherlands , always has been . 
  the eagle has been decapicated , its seperated head is speaking russian today . 
  all ethnic germans who lived in the netherlands were forced to leave the netherlands after wwii i believe . 
  we should have closed it with a dyke when we had the chance !, 
  that is kind of a hitlery thing to say . 
  because we can into hanseatic league ? 
  depends on the decision making . 
  were depictions of ethnic minorities chosen because they happen to be minorities ? 
  that is a line of thinking which is wrong , then again it is almost impossible to check . 
  this . 
  calling every pediga activist a extremist is the same as calling every muslim an extremist . 
  putting the views of concerned citizens away in such a way to make it easy to ignore their views is just wrong and only going to cause more problems . 
  well you are going to vote for a solution soon right ? 
  they should be able to undo such a treaty with a referendum if the demand is there . 
  i mentioned switzerland for a reason . 
  representative democracy with elements of direct democracy to ensure a more pure democracy . 
  they also deny the existance of the armenian genocide . 
  the netherlands always seems to stay ahead with new political parties like this . 
  i fully expect similar parties to rise in other european countries . 
  switzerland disagrees . 
  i 'd say direct democracy is the future , more of it at least . 
  i 'm sure many dictators thought the same of themselves . 
  and juncker was democratically elected how exactly ? 
  and how can we remove him democratically ? 
  oh we ca n't , far-right is n't the problem here it 's juncker and the current eu . 
  ca n't wait for the future nexit vote . 
  same with our dutch referendum . 
  `` voting no will cause a continental crisis ! '', 
  just serves to show the us puppet the eu really is . 
  then again , any politician who wishes to sever such ties is bound to have a accident . 
  would this issue be treated differently if the youngsters were not part of a minority ? 
  something tells me it would . 
  it is beating the point . 
  watch some hans rosling videos , the low birth rate is natural and it will be the future . 
  trying to artificially combat it is pointless and just pushing the future away . 
  instead people are employed to `` talk '' and `` drink tea '' to solve the problem , really pains me how some people apparantly do n't apply to the rules of law . 
  which leaves the question , which mod went out of line ? 
  and how many more refugees could be helped by spending that very same 93.6 billion euros into local refugee centres in neighbouring countries . 
  i wonder ... 
  i 'd argue it is better to deal with problems before they are actually in your face being a huge problem which you could have prevented . 
  i 'd say it is a fair prediction to see the aforementioned example of self driving cards become a very real reality this century . 
  in fact i 'd say it is inevitable that we will see the first examples of basic income within our lifetime . 
  interesting thing being that you could find arguments to support it on both the left and right side of the political spectrum , though for different reasons . 
  but why would inflation rise if there is no additional money being printed ? 
  got to love some direct democracy . 
  how do you feel about it ? 
  are people generally knowledgeable on these issues they are voting for ? 
  you ca n't compare the current events to the industrial revolution . 
  as the industrial revolution created many new jobs . 
  now which new jobs will automation create ? 
  lets take self-driving cars as a present example . 
  what about truck drivers , taxi drivers ? 
  or people working in warehouses ? 
  they will lose their jobs once the software becomes more reliable . 
  and how will this influence jobs which rely on drivers ? 
  small stores and hostels alongside roads . 
  now ofcourse it will create new software jobs and new jobs for people to regulate the traffic . 
  however will that equal the jobs lost because of automation ? 
  and will truck drivers now become software programmers ? 
  i 'm simply being a realist here . 
  also a reply to / u/trenescese . 
  basic income or something similar is basicly inevitable for the future with rising automation and digitalization . 
  i hope switzerland votes yes so we can more clearly see the effects . 
  many small studies show that it has very positive effects so it definately warrants a bigger case study . 
  -- watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ail_y9g7tg0&amp;feature=youtu.be ) video for more information . 
  he was ahead of his time . 
  started to address the problems of today a bit too early for his own good sadly . 
  only one way to find out just how realistic those solutions can be . 
  dutch tolerance is basicly `` do what you want , just do n't bother me '' .
