  in the worst case scenario at least . 
  because we let them , and wanting to evict these terrorists is apparantly something to be frowned upon . 
  just join the right side . 
  or witches were real and we succeeded , who knows . 
  well to be honest if you get ~ 12 % of the votes you 'd expect more than just one seat . 
  its ok , we 'll happily take flanders of your hands belgium . 
  ussr came as conquerors , not as liberators . 
  if only it did n't take an often forgotten ethnic cleansing for that one . 
  again all that money that is wasted in trying to settle them here ( they are n't going to leave , thus adding to the existing social problems ) is better used when investing in local caretaking . 
  if not in their own country then in neighbouring countries . 
  bringing them here is only going to give us more problems , problems which can be avoided . 
  ca n't save the whole world , you want to bring everyone here every time something bad happens ? 
  just not viable . 
  worked out fine for australia . 
  then leave them there and find shelter on their own region . 
  no point in importing problems . 
  positive racism ftw . 
  if you can dance for it , heh . 
  i 'm saying its quite funny and ironic . 
  greek posting how germany is the big threat to the euro , yeahhh ... 
  posted by `` greco2k '' . 
  if you say so grill, 
  oh forgot you guys , were n't you the guys who made our money go `` poof '' ? 
  no just denmark , norway , sweden and their colonies ( greenland , faroe etc. 
  so after ruining one mosaic they figured they should try again with another one ? 
  would be like germany making hitler statues to celebrate , then again this should n't be suprising coming from russia . 
  2,5 million civilians missing ( killed ) and 2 million woman raped . 
  yep . 
  could work , just letting them come here is going to give us lots of problems in the long run . 
  its not substainable . 
  judt remove him and reinstate the kaiser , be like the other cool kids in europe . 
  do n't they drink rum ? 
  ( becuz pirates ), 
  those flags probably belonged to muslims already provoked . 
  checkmate . 
  thought it should be like this , nice tot see some countries have this implemented . 
  income-based fines seem just and fair . 
  suprise anschluss incoming ? 
  wow . 
  how so ? 
  in fact i vote for them , time for change . 
  wow . 
  so the illegal immigration is n't the problem but rather the rise of political opinions you do n't like is the real problem ? 
  ca n't get more left then this . 
  the good old days . 
  our golden age is our dark period ? 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  ural mountains are basicly the border between russian proper and their colonies . 
  quite ironic comment , nothing happened surely . 
  it 's pretty great when grammar nazi 's are wrong . 
  good day for mankind . 
  ~ ~ just a little bit deus veult ~ ~, 
  not really , you said it yourself the southern netherlands . 
  still part of the netherlands . 
  posetively stolen ? 
  not sure that is a thing . 
  and yes french flanders probably belongs to flanders as well . 
  if only french imperialism was a thing of the past , right ? 
  their ethnicity makes them german , which is what i meant in my original post . 
  just look for some maps of 1900s which will confirm this . 
  that 's the thing though , the identity of being `` belgian '' is a modern concept really . 
  its completely artificial in nature . 
  france had a lot of influence in belgium and stirring up the revolt . 
  did n't the dutch king actually build a lot of infrastructure in belgium which helped jumpstart the industrial revolution there ? 
  changing your state does not change your ethnicity . 
  which is what we were talking about as far as i was aware . 
  and no , not doing ethnic cleansing is considered decent behavior and not something which enforces your hold on a region . 
  spanish oppresion started it all , we won our independence while you stayed under their rule . 
  eventually shifting to austria instead . 
  united kingdom of the netherlands was the first time those lands were united and independant . 
  but ofcourse it could n't last , i blame the french for that . 
  because germans were you know , german , regardless of state . 
  not a personal union , we were finally united and removed the last signs of spanish oppresion . 
  damn rebels !, 
  alsace , it just happens to have an excellent defensive terrain which is why france took it in the first place . 
  paionia was region north of macedonia inhabited by tracians , makes some sense . 
  then go for a name which is n't already being used . 
  paionia or something , pretty sure they arent around anymore . 
  ( maps show it was actually german ), 
  blame belgium for that, 
  but they arent macedonians either , so that is also artificial . 
  i see europe just as cooperation between nations , it does n't need to be anything more then that . 
  no need to wipe out local identities by installing one primary language and such . 
  did n't germany ban the motor clubs ? 
  yep and the english treaty , dutch were actually winning the war yet outside forces forced our hands . 
  belgium , them rebels . 
  1830 , never forget . 
  if it fits the tree hugger . 
  why do you care that i care ? 
  pointless questions . 
  if iran is cooperating with russia how are they my friend ? 
  if someone is working with your enemies he is n't your friend . 
  which is why people were n't willing to help ukraine , for what russia might think of it . 
  payback from israel to russia , iran is no friend to the west either . 
  not my problem , quite frankly . 
  nor should it be . 
  still he is our best option at the moment , he 'll keep my vote . 
  truth hurts for leftwing treehuggers i suppose . 
  its not like the polish prince actually wants to duel , saying yes to the proposal would be the best political statement towards him . 
  so we would become what frisia is to us ?
