  not spamming the / r/new page to delete all posts he disagrees with . 
  ( and banning the posters by calling them `` troublemakers '' ), 
  do note that he is the mod of 8 subreddits or something . 
  yet 70 % of the / r/europe moderating is done by him . 
  its insane and easilly leads to abuse . 
  reminds me of a certain german who also wanted to get rid of troublemakers . 
  how ironic . 
  look at his posting history . 
  not quite as it shows that what is believed to not be there is in fact here in front of our eyes . 
  we do n't need to hunt in order to find it , its right in front of us mocking us . 
  because people against immigration are racists right ? 
  people like you are the reason why the word racism has lost its meaning entirely . 
  yet he 's removing normal comments , not just the extremist comments . 
  he 's even banning people for posting videos of greeks telling how they are suffering under the refugee crisis . 
  thanks . 
  that is right , mods ca n't see such numbers . 
  which is why mods trying to combat it ( as of yet unproven to be true ) is so sketchy . 
  from an old thread , do n't have the link . 
  summoning / u/dclauzel to confirm his own words . 
  his own words : `` its either islamophobia or censorship '' . 
  he does n't care about freedom of speech , he 's actively removing all negative news related to the refugees . 
  just look at his banning posts in his posting history , it is n't all about duplicates . 
  / r/euromigration is complete bullshit , this sub is for all stories concerning europe . 
  new policies which had been set have been completely ignored by clauzel . 
  raerth actually said this : `` racism and personal attacks on redditors are still banned , but we will be relaxing the moderation of people engaging in conversation that is critical without being racist . 
  we will also stop removing comments that criticise the mod team directly . 
  this is unconstructive . 
  likewise meta-threads about the subreddit are also allowed from the community . '', 
  clauzel did not relax on moderating conversation that is critical . 
  clauzel did not stop removing comments criticising the mod team ( him ) . 
  and before you mention the existance of this thread that is because clauzel was forced to allow these threads because raeth had to show up on irc yesterday . 
  clauzel even said in the irc `` rules are just lawyer stuff '' implying he does n't see the need to follow the rules . 
  feel free to look at his post history to see what he bans . 
  its not a witch hunt if the witch is in plain sight doing her things . 
  not just duplicates he is removing and banning people for stories which seem to imply a negative relation to the refugees . 
  just look at his posting history . 
  well its definately plausible . 
  in fact isis has confirmed they are actively trying to get people into europe for attacks . 
  it was n't just removed the guys posting it got fucking banned by clauzel . 
  how does that justify the user posting the video getting banned exactly ? 
  yet videos asking a handfull of refugees about their hardships is ok ? 
  no double standards . 
  for comparison [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/epqmrax.png ) is what clauzel himself posted at irc . 
  ofcourse there remains the uncertainty of dates and filter settings for a accurate comparison . 
  you are banned , criticism of mod team ist verboten . 
  even though we have new policies protecting users who do post such things , gues the new rules do n't apply to all mods . 
  well to be honest i should have known , i gues i was too na\u00efve to assume it would be him . 
  have to agree , he is clearly pushing his agenda . 
  this reeks of the skynet situation . 
  holy shit , / u/dclauzel you have some major explaining to do . 
  gues who , dclauzel again . 
  knew he would cause some problems , he was one of the more oppresive mods before the policy changes . 
  gues old habits do n't die off that quickly . 
  why did you ban him ? 
  how about all the other countries they passed ? 
  they stopped being refugees once they keep moving for economic advantages as opposed to safety . 
  that is why we ca n't consider them refugees , they are economic migrants once they show up in the other side of europe after crossing 10 + safe countries . 
  so she wants to force the quota on the rest of the europe ? 
  even more reason to leave if that is how things are going to be . 
  battle at vienna deciding the religious faith of the holy roman empire region was all for nothing it seems . 
  based on which numbers ? 
  oh no he did n't . 
  we should do what would benefit us best , at the moment i believe assad is a better option than is getting a strong foothold in the area should he fall . 
  yet removing the dictator in the past has led to the rise of radicals . 
  i 'd much rather have a dictator in place . 
  people were never intending to go back anyways . 
  all this changes is the area stabilizing sooner . 
  best way to deal with those areas is to install dictators , trying to impose our ways on islamic countries has resulted in this mess . 
  russia is aiding assad . 
  which is fine by me . 
  yep , its a matter of time now before people start dying . 
  blood will also be on the hands of politicians who have facilitated them if you ask me . 
  indeed , i 'd say they would even vote for merkel right ? 
  makes you wonder . . 
  you 're pinpointing a serious problem here but i doubt anything will be done to stop it . 
  only way for politicians to make a move is when some people start dying , sad truth . 
  you mean like many other people who immigrated here ? 
  is n't there this cooking book used by a lot of italians , `` silver spoon '' or something ? 
  definately planning on picking that up in the future , lots of good food down there . 
  pvv in the netherlands . 
  i do n't agree with them on all subjects but some tough measures are needed . 
  lowering the immigration rates and lowering the influence of the european union being some more important issues . 
  alternatively i may vote for vnl which is a relatively new party but i doubt whether they will even survive untill the next elections . 
  all shall fear the mighty dutch empire . 
  we shall make sure to not invade russia !, 
  do they honestly have no reality check ? 
  ca n't they see how that will cause some serious problems ? 
  ask australia . 
  only way to stop the influx is to make them realise the trip is useless to begin with . 
  as for where to dump them that is the easier thing , getting people to accept the fact that we must reject them is arguably the hardest factor . 
  requires a deal to be made to send them back . 
  accepting them will only help to convince more to come . 
  if we start being harsh and no longer accept them they will stop coming . 
  find a place where you can return them when they show up . 
  and i think you are severly underestimating the mediterrannean sea . 
  we 've been saying this for ages now . 
  time to implement australia 's policy if we want to stop this , it is n't going to get better . 
  i ca n't see how this can cause problems in the future . 
  obviously anyone complaining is just a racist . 
  which makes it all the more sad , as the ethnic cleansing after wwii essentially removed the descendents of those baltic prussians as well ( which had since been `` germanised '' ) .
