  this comment is wrong on so many levels , you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  there are some serious problems many other people in the dutch parliament refuse to face . 
  which is one of the reasons why many people , including me , vote for him . 
  tolerance towards the intolerant will lead to more intolerance and even extremism . 
  have to agree that western values need to be adopted to avoid problems in the future . 
  all i 'm saying is that a terrorist strike is pretty much inevitable if we 're actively letting them into our country . 
  just look at what nearly happened at that train . 
  what if next time there are n't military soldiers on board who recognize the danger ? 
  anyone who dies during such an attack is a death which could 've been prevented , and that is key here . 
  better prevent harm before it happens . 
  quite cruel , essentially you are saying `` a terrorist attack is unlikely to affect me personally , so who cares who dies . '', 
  care to show what you mean ? 
  i 'm talking evolution and you 're talking humanity killing everything for the heck of it . 
  if anything you are purposely misreading what i say , from the beginning of this discussion even when you said `` the only species that are able to coexist , without conservation work , with humans are birds and insects . 
  otherwise the animals are livestock or pets . 
  or they get exterminated down to the last one . 
  that 's just what we do . '', 
  that is because i disagree with you , so it would do you well to not call those people `` childs '' or `` idiots '' . 
  if you are unable to do so i 'd advice you to stay away from any sort of discussion forum . 
  humans are destructive , so are volcanoes . 
  humanity has become such a big factor on survival that it will influence evolution . 
  i 'm just saying that animals will go extinct because the circumstances right now are changed because of humanity as opposed to the time when such animals were more populous . 
  you do n't seem to understand that and instead resorted to name-calling . 
  now that is a nihilistic view , humanity will expand accros space . 
  its not a matter of if but when . 
  eventually this planet will be overcrowded and there will be demand for resources running low on earth . 
  you are calling me a child and an idiot for disagreeing with you . 
  things usually done by childs and idiots . 
  and where am i saying that ? 
  i 'm simply saying that species which ca n't coexist with humans will slowly over time lose their habitat to humanity and be forced to survive only in zoos . 
  it is n't a matter of ethics at that point , its a matter of realism . 
  or do you assume human expansion will stop any time soon ? 
  where do you think we will be 1000 years from now ? 
  i 'm simply being a realist . 
  if you ca n't understand realism you might as well not discuss evolution . 
  i 'm talking long term yet here you are talking about short term . 
  nice downvotes by the way , who 's the kid again ? 
  they are n't getting killed because we 're trying to hunt them down to kill them all , they are getting killed because they prooved themselves dangerous to humans . 
  as i said , if species ca n't coexist with humanity it will go extinct . 
  dodo 's are a great example . 
  i 'm not talking about killing species , i 'm talking about species dying off on their own because of evolution . 
  there is a difference . 
  life will evolve , it always has . 
  it wont stay the same , to force it is to fight nature itself . 
  indeed , some people do n't seem to realise that humanity is a factor influencing evolution . 
  if a species goes extinct because they ca n't coexist with humans that is evolution at work . 
  i take it you are a vegetarian ? 
  certain species like tigers and such will eventually die out , they are unable to cooexist in the wild alongside humans so its just evolution that they will die out . 
  only place for them to survive is in zoos and circusses essentially , although the latter is n't as usefull as the former i suppose . 
  chicken or the egg . 
  islam is a race now ? 
  and what exactly is islamophobic about what he said ? 
  a phobia is an irrational fear . 
  fear of islam can be very rational . 
  islamophobia is an often abused term by people who do n't understand its meaning . 
  savanna , i 've seen it used as a real name before . 
  or his , its a girly name . 
  have to admit i got scared when i saw her name , really curious who they will pick . 
  hopefully some people who are n't likely to abuse their power . 
  never knew leaving the union was this easy . 
  makes sense , same with many asylum seekers who were supposed to go back . 
  i 'm pretty sure many leftish politicians have no intention at all to send the refugees back once things settle down . 
  their conflics were on the entire other side of europe past some countries there . 
  no , they come to sweden because they know they will have better chances at a good life . 
  islamic world kept a lot of knowledge from the ancient greeks which was then imported into europe which helped during the renaissance . 
  kind of the opposite what radicals are now doing by destroying all ancient stuff . 
  so when is the independence referendum ? 
  not sure why they deserve that , just walk the legal roads if you want to immigrate somewhere as a economical migrant . 
  yes , not refugees but economical migrants . 
  except now these do n't have to walk official roads to get in another country , now the actual economical migrants are having reduced odds of getting in . 
  has been some talk and experiments . 
  many are critical of it though , however it definately is someone which has to be implemented long term . 
  when more and more jobs start to disappear and are becoming automated . 
  its an interesting idea , you will get enough money to survive but if you want luxory you will have to work , maybe even parttime so it cuts into the unemployment rates . 
  this will definately serve the destruction of the union , well done germany . 
  in that case you must be new here . 
  they do , just not refugees from that area . 
  i find the rules to be quite logical . 
  besides , keeping them in safe countries would n't mean that the non-safe countries would n't be applying aid . 
  you are confusing me with someone else it seems . 
  also where they are going is totally irrelevant in this discussion which started with : `` but they are poor people fleeing war and starvation who just want to work and contribute to the pension of the aging germans . 
  how can this be ?!? '', 
  they are supposed to sign in the first safe country they enter , they did n't and are instead passing countless safe countries on their way to the rich countries . 
  which makes them economical migrants rather than refugees . 
  your failure to realise this makes you seem like the retarded one , i suggest thinking more yourself and not basing everything on what you 're told . 
  how many safe countries are they passing again ? 
  it is n't about safety for the migrants wanting to go to the richest countries . 
  not sure how anything i said is made up ? 
  care to elaborate on that ? 
  look at his flair , i 'd argue against him being a racist for opposing the insane amounts of refugee influx . 
  always knew the dalai lama was a nazi racist !, 
  far-left is an often marginalised threat , this schultz person is a dangerous man if he honestly believes that . 
  honestly ca n't even comprehend how some people genuinely believe this . 
  they are coming here because they know they will have a better life here , pure self interest . 
  its the logical thing to do , but is it beneficial to us ? 
  we ca n't save the world , no point in harming ourselves by helping others . 
  as said in the article once they show up here in western europe they are economical migrants , not refugees . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you though . 
  letting people into europe in such a way will mean causing countless problems here . 
  its simply not substainable , unless you want to worsen conditions here ofcourse .
