  where am i saying he wasnt a bad guy ? 
  he killed far more then those 6 million jews , many other groups suffered . 
  just saying communism was a far bigger cause of death for humanity . 
  victor writing history should not cloud the truth . 
  so you prefer communism ? 
  poor soul . 
  it definately is for me . 
  we 're talking 1000 + years of history being destroyed . 
  so war crimes justify war crimes ? 
  fuck that logic . 
  yes . 
  just look at he numbers , stalin and mao zedong to name a few bigger killers then hitler . 
  gues what , both communists . 
  war crimes do not justify war crimes . 
  take the dresden bombing for example . 
  big difference between nazism and nationalism . 
  communism i consider worst scourge on this earth , only brings death and destruction and not even keeping its own culture and history intact . 
  they used it as justification , but yes it was just so they could steal land from poland as well . 
  weird how no one talks about it . 
  makes me pretty sad to see how brutally history and culture was destroyed after ww2 . 
  german presence in czech republic goes back to holy roman empire where bohemia ( czech ) was even an elector . 
  shame really . 
  religion has no place in education . 
  not really , the fact that the area was under poland ~ 1000 years ago was apparantly justification for the soviet union to remove all germans from the area in a forgotten ethnic cleansing . 
  my post was sarcastic in reference to taking oder has the new border but making an exception for stettin . 
  being really into history it really bothers me how 1000 + years of history and culture was destroyed . 
  if someone refuses to fight he will be taken advantage of . 
  as much as you hate war you still must be prepared for it . 
  makes the position of stettin questionable . 
  war is not kind to those who are not prepared . 
  helping people in need ? 
  if you really want to help them you do n't take anyone in . 
  you spend all that money in local refugee centres which allows you to help more people with the same amount of money . 
  you also remove the incentive of people to cross the sea and thus prevent more deaths at sea . 
  no , taking refugees in is not helping . 
  its adding to the problem . 
  this . 
  the very fact that this used to be a left-wing circlejerk but is n't anymore has convinced people that it must now be the opposite . 
  while it most definately is a more balanced subreddit now . 
  thanks for being so honest about this , it really is annoying to see so many people not believing us when we mention it . 
  great to see some new moderators who can appreciate freedom of speech . 
  it has been , seen it myself and rather i 've experienced it myself as well . 
  why do you think the current moderators are n't the same as the old ones ? 
  that kind of moderating just does n't work long-term . 
  so the innocent should suffer the punishment of the guilty , as long as it gets rid of the guilty ? 
  not sure that can be morally right . 
  my view from the beginning : ban people when they are breaking the rules , not because they might or might not be someone who already broke the rules . 
  and how are `` right-wingers '' trying to ruin the actual europe ? 
  or this subreddit for that matter . 
  how about you head off to another subreddit because you have a different opinion . 
  the arrogance . 
  not really . 
  some extremes do exist , which includes the stereotypical social justice warrior . 
  thanks godwin , for prooving my point . 
  it used to happen . 
  happened to me as well and others . 
  just because your narative did n't warrant a ban with the old mods does n't mean it did n't for others . 
  which point ? 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me is a nazi !!?! '' . 
  pretty sure i reacted to that . 
  you may not realise this , but the world is not black and white . 
  maybe stop thinking in extremes . 
  except it were not just those people who got banned . 
  removing people for having the wrong opinion . 
  new mods seem more tolerant of freedom of speech , which is a good thing . 
  rather its using mental gymnastics to remove people on a false pretense . 
  not everyone opposing immigration or not wanting to house refugees in europe is a nazi . 
  if you look past the power abuse the mods used to perform in here . 
  venice might need some help ? 
  so he should not be allowed to perform his job because of his political views ? 
  if he follows the law there is no problem right ? 
  are there also a lot of them trying to get to cyprus ? 
  seems relatively isolated and not like a end-destination . 
  / r/basicincome is probably what you are looking for . 
  this actually happened ? 
  unless you happen to be flying in a b-29 . 
  you do realise that the japanese flag is still being used by the japanese navy ? 
  is n't their entire economy , in regards to manufacturing , also tied to prison labor ? 
  saw an english show which called it the `` modern slavery '' with some scary numbers . 
  this . 
  if they know they wont get in eventually the stream will stop , you would remove the incentive of people waging their lives . 
  essentially its the more humanitarian option as well . 
  yes , those millions of raped women and civilians being killed totally deserved it . 
  rather disgusting remark to justify the destruction of a local culture and identity ages old . 
  prussia is dead , sadly . 
  i think cerlic is refering to the schools , which is where you will find the society of tomorrow . 
  because we ca n't with our current laws . 
  i wish we had such a referendum . 
  crowned republic of the netherlands . 
  then inform them instead of bitching about it when you do n't like the results ? 
  i 'd love that . 
  it just makes me feel ashamed when you realise that the swiss have it for 150 years now . 
  and we do n't even have it yet at the same level . 
  this so much , its getting ridiculous how some people seem to refer to politicians as super humans able to understand anything and ordinary citizens as filthy plebs not worth any attention . 
  which brings us to the age old question of tolerance for the intolerant , clearly things are n't as black and white as you seem to propose . 
  not with that attitude they wont . 
  frankly i find the whole `` the people are stupid , they should not be allowed to influence their own lives ! '', 
  attitude rather arrogant and insultive . 
  i 'm of the believe that direct democracy , in a age of easy acces to information , will be the future . 
  ofcourse you will have a representative democracy but in essence they should be there to do what the electorate want , to serve them .
