  indeed . 
  or more roughly put `` not our problem '' . 
  helping is ok but taking all those refugees all over the world to our countries is n't beneficial to us . 
  letting refugees in will not benefit the social welfare system , rather it will put more pressure on it removing quality of it . 
  who is saying anything about kicking out ? 
  i 'm talking about preventing problems before they are in our face . 
  then that is too bad , no need to have them here . 
  is that worth the costs ? 
  i do n't think they are in a financial position to go shopping in foreign countries . 
  when benefit does it give us to bring them here , as opposed to taking care of them in their own region ? 
  none . 
  good showcase of the benefits of communism . 
  depends , i prefer a policy that also considers your own interests . 
  making our own position worse is not something we should be actively doing . 
  why not help them in their own region or neigbouring countries ? 
  because not supporting massive amounts of immigration equals someone being a nazi ? 
  so much for leftwing politics , a shame . 
  dutch were pro germany during wwi actually , to the annoyance of some . 
  we even took in the german emperor and gave him asylum . 
  depends on the country , unemployment is a serious issue and immigration is n't going to fix that . 
  i do n't think huge amounts of immigration is something to be proud of . 
  smoked eel !, 
  but they are not right !, 
  because we all known left wing parties are the best right ? 
  please ... 
  same with our anthem , never knew we were so old fashioned . 
  yet in this case the concentration camps were used against the women and children of the at that moment fighting boer . 
  which sets it somewhat apart i think . 
  we 'll just flood the fields , that stopped you last time you invaded us  !, 
  netherlands is a collection of dutch states , while flanders just claimed a whole area . 
  it should be no problem . 
  only issues i can see are royal familly , capital and flag . 
  not sure france is known for its relevance . 
  days of napoleon are long past  . 
  we had our colours before you actually , for what its worth . 
  how about we divide the country ? 
  netherlands get flanders and the dutch part of french flanders and you get wallonia ? 
  seems fair :d . 
  time to kick them out . 
  ottomans were n't too shaby at it . 
  were n't janissaries stolen as children and turned into warriors ? 
   because giving loans somehow shows its profitable to have too much immigration . 
  you destroyed the bright future of an united low countries !, 
  one can only imagine what could have been . 
  moscovy can still go east , ca n't stop the siberian winter . 
  as i 've said lets just give him a shot . 
  i 'd rather take a shot at change as opposed to enabling the current problems . 
  might be doable , but an european army is just one step towards a federal european government which is a horrible thought . 
  he is the leader of the polls actually . 
  and many promises of the current government were never enacted . 
  how many solutions have we seen from the current ruling parties ? 
  i 'd say give the man a shot and we 'll see how if there is indeed a solution . 
  saying someone does not provide solutions without giving him a chance to enact said solutions is ignorant . 
  there is , if you do n't mind what others think of you . 
  that is why i will never support tax money going to developing countries . 
  horrible idea , lets hope this will never get through . 
  that was not my point at all . 
  my point was that if you say that you are proud of your country or people you are n't saying that everyone else is worse then that . 
  which seemed to be the argument . 
  whether certain countries are indeed inferior culture wise is n't tied to that comment . 
  stolen land is stolen , both for poland and germany . 
  indeed , got ta love dem dictators . 
  saying religion is needed for society just comes over as ignorant to me . 
  none of the matters you mentioned need religion to be true . 
  some have , what does that have to do with with my statement ? 
  shows your limited spirit if you think that way . 
  atheism is on the rise and our country has among the highest percentage of them , yet society has not yet fallen down . 
  religion is here to answer which we can not yet answer . 
  however in a world where we can answer more every day it becomes obsolete , no need to become limited in our actions by some medieval practice . 
  first time i hear that . 
  probably because i ca n't be bothered to write grammatically sound english , probably because in games i play you try to keep things short . 
  yes you explains why it happens , but it still does not justify it . 
  and us planned 9/11 as well right ? 
  war crimes do not justify war crimes . 
  and its not my culture i 'm talking about . 
  religion is something usually forced by the parents on the child , with no free choice . 
  religion is outdated and not needed in this world . 
  indeed , that is how it used to be . 
  it is so no longer . 
  you can be proud of your country/nation without thinking others as lesser . 
  even more shame on your small mind . 
  you really are paranoid , far-left people such as yourself really have issues being on a constant goose chase against anything even remotely representing the far-right . 
  so now anyone against immigration equals the like of the golden dawn ? 
  really ? 
  you are what you claim to be , good luck on your ghost hunt . 
  because fuck those with other opinions ? 
  shame on you . 
  how is a dutchie supposed to write english according to you ? 
  ca n't be compared with nazi germany in popular media . 
  maybe less hollywood and more facts . 
  i 'm saying communism is a worse doctrine . 
  i rather look at the facts as opposed to popular opinion because one was a common enemy and one was not . 
  wow i never knew about that dutch operation , i only knew about dutch claims to certain german lands . 
  thats pretty horrible actually . 
  do n't forget the normans and the danes/norwegians !, 
  well yes i can see why it happened , even understand it . 
  but it still has to be condemned as something bad . 
  that does not make it justified though , may be controversial but how about the war crimes commited by the winners ? 
  who is talking about reclaiming ? 
  im sentencing the removal which happened in the first place .
