  not everyone thinks that way . 
  in fact i have seen more support for the greek macedonians than the other way around . 
  fyrom thanks its existance to the slavic migrations and hold no connections to ancient greece ( of which macedonia was part ) . 
  we just got clauzeled . 
  so nazi germany never re-incorporated elsace into its country ? 
  interesting never knew that , bit weird . 
  not sure why elsace is n't green in this map , was n't it dominantly german speaking at that time ? 
  holy shit . 
  has n't that article been used to somehow proof the existance of brigading on this sub ? 
  summoning / u/polymute to see this . 
  yes , they beat her down and while she was laying on the ground he kicked her a couple of times . 
  proooof !, 
  how does that invalidates their opinion ? 
  no , as not all people who oppose immigration want to remove all immigrants . 
  that is just you generalising the political opposition in an attempt to destroy their arguments , which is quite a toxic thing to do . 
  common sense is n't ironic . 
  i know plenty of immigrants who do n't want the immigration to be as high , as they realise the problems it will cause long term . 
  that is what you get if a single mod basicly runs this sub , abuse of power . 
  why the sticky ? 
  no one cares about france , delist\u00e9 please . 
  even worse than i thought . 
  ca n't you troll at tumblr or something . 
  you 've contradicted yourself with your trolling . 
  that tends to get downvoted on reddit . 
  the only thing i 'm wondering about is whether you are doing it on purpose or are simply being oblivious to it . 
  not really sure why they would want constantinople at this point if the greek population has long since been expelled . 
  `` of course , anecdotal evidence ( that 's not even elaborated on ) by an unflaired , one-day-old account is surely the evidence we should rely on . '', 
  you should talk to them . 
  oh you did ? 
  well that does n't count !, 
  do you even take yourself seriously at this point ? 
  the mod sly said those rules no longer apply . 
  they still have to update the rules . 
  besides , clauzel broke those rules himself already and he is n't banned . 
  just a matter of cultural diferences , one which seem to require some attention as such an environment will make radicalisation all the easier . 
  then again this is all old information , politicians had acces to information before this whole crisis . 
  for reference , i noticed that on / r/european they contacted an reddit admin to investigate whether there was any proof of brigading coming from their subreddit . 
  the admin said [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vvb28aq.png ) , so yes it would appear not every negative news is because of a mysterious brigade out to destroy / r/europe . 
  basicly confirming my previous suspicions that the brigading argument is just used to damage any discussions , essentially this subreddits version of the `` racism card '' . 
  unity in diversity . 
  look for europe of nations . 
  makes sense right , we fought the spanish for 80 years for our independence . 
  so the referendum is this month ? 
  interesting to see the results . 
  not sure why they even feel the need for roads . 
  the post you reacted to says [ deleted ] . 
  guy got posts deleted and probably banned . 
  what did he say ? 
  exactly , at the moment they are passing numerous safe countries , are n't those people by definition illegal economic migrants ? 
  i do n't see why they should be given special threatment over the actual legal migrants which do have to go through the immigration progress . 
  time to break up the free movement in europe . 
  this is getting insane . 
  disgusting how they are trying to remove arguments and reason over the picture of a dead child . 
  from what i know there are two kinds of shadowban , just for a subreddit applied by mods and reddit wide applied by admins . 
  from your post it seemed to imply the former . 
  one of the few realists sitting in the eu parliament it seems . 
  and which rules were broken again ? 
  not sure she said that , did you read over the part where children ca n't go to school and the constant fights between different groups ? 
  which is supported by news from the island ? 
  banning without proof is never in accordance with the rules . 
  banning on assumptions leads to dangerous grounds , as can be seen by the current censorship being applied by clauzel . 
  i believe the guy who posted it was banned by clauzel for reasons i 'm not sure of . 
  anyways a quick google search provides [ it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjbvos6lbcq ) . 
  it does since more people will join it . 
  just ally france and no coalition can harm you . 
  that is what you get if you promote them coming here , ca n't suspend it soon enough . 
  another video which suprised me was merkel winning the elections , seeing someone waving a german flag and grabbing that flag and trowing it on the ground . 
  she is definately a weird person politically based on her actions . 
  indeed , lets put up some checks to ban all new accounts !, 
  or maybe , just maybe , we should punish based on the rules . 
  just a weird idea i 'm trowing out there . 
  some people seem to be a bit liberal with their definition of racism though . 
  maybe the actual definition should be in the sidebar to avoid confusion . 
  does it matter where i 'm from ? 
  i 've seen it plenty of times , in fact just look at some downvoted comments in this thread . 
  `` good for them , they should ban more racists '' kind of comments . 
  calling everyone racist and thinking people should be banned for thinking we should have less immigration for example . 
  how can you see why he banned him ? 
  especially his explanation to justify the ban `` troublemaker '' . 
  `` i do n't like what you are saying , so i call you a troublemaker and ban you from this subreddit for a year . 
  totally not fascist . '', 
  napoleon was italian right ? 
  you must be some kind of racist !, 
  britzer is just pissed this place is n't filled by the far-left anymore . 
  he calls everyone who complaints `` haters '' , he is n't taking this seriously at all . 
  if anything the people who show their support in him are facilitating his unwanted behavior . 
  some people like polymute want this place to be how it was ( far-left hole ) , however europe is a place of different opinions and thoughts and this should be represented without banning people for their thoughts and for actually breaking rules . 
  far-left is a bigger concern as they seem inclinded to remove any thoughts which do n't agree with them . 
  in my country i believe the intelligence agency even had a declaration where they said the far-left is a bigger threat to the state at the moment . 
  or maybe he wanted to find some place where he can talk about his concerns without getting banned ? 
  you know , because you do n't break a rule yet get called a `` troublemaker '' and get removed . 
  some fascist shit right there . 
  because they use that as a way to justify his oppresion and censorship . 
  same reason why people who oppose immigration are called `` racists !, 
  '' , they attempt to proof they are right by talking shit of any opposition . 
  because he simply doesnt ` give a shit about public opinion . 
  calling all complainers `` haters '' . 
  also leaving means he ca n't push his agenda anymore . 
  yesterday on irc he called everyone who disagrees with him `` haters '' . 
  best solution would be to have him respond to complaints only .
