  does n't sound good to be honest , besides the obvious problems haha . 
  would be funny if farage actually accepted, 
  not all of them , most of them were yes . 
  in fact each province voted for their stadhouder and frisia and groningen usually had a different one . 
  dutch republic however was known as a republic . 
  house of orange-nassau did not have total power . 
  if that is what it takes to destroy belgium i 'd take that name change . 
  his brother was pretty ok though . 
  i gues that is one of the benefits of being a republic for so long , little room for crazy leaders . 
  surely you must mean netherlands and france ? 
  i have not heard of a country such as belgium . 
  personally i like some dried sausage with them . 
  she is n't wrong though . 
  she might be confused with the german kaiser , he had a castle here in the netherlands after he was forced to leave germany and i believe he was also burried there . 
  might be wedding related , i dunno . 
  because dutch people several hundred years ago essentailly were germans . 
  deutsch became diets/dietsch which became dutch . 
  really confusing stuff indeed . 
  maps of the time do show that the population was speaking german essentially , just happens to be a great defensive position . 
  then do n't react seriously to a response which is n't serious . 
  he is n't overreacting . 
  when i crossed the border to belgium in a car you can just feel the borders changing , its not a joke sadly . 
  except they wo n't be equally spread amongst the population but rather concetrated in a dense way which brings a lot of problems . 
  just look at the stuff already going on . 
  not with that attitude !, 
  i 'd disagree . 
  its a great tool to `` straighten '' out the youth . 
  and you can never be prepared enough . 
  i agree and i believe this was the case in the past , that way you get people in the government who actually care about it . 
  what actually happened to austrian royal familly ? 
  they still around ? 
  look at crime numbers , and general education . 
  they have a point , it was dismantled in a inefficient way which brought too much social problems . 
  look for a map of `` europe of nations '' , its not just about the secession movements . 
  makes for pretty maps though , while also limiting the power of certain big countries in the eu . 
  would n't mind seeing such a country there . 
  in fact i wonder how many people would support the `` europe of nations '' idea ? 
  just the top half  . 
  probably belgium because flanders is essentially dutch . 
  otherwise i do n't know , maybe new zealand which seems nice . 
  that is a limited way of looking at things . 
  just the result of a leftish political agenda for decades . 
  being proud of something does not equal thinking of other thing as lesser . 
  seems to be little difference between nationalism and patriotism , in europe at least . 
  not really longer swords were common those days . 
  spartans decided to go for short swords because in the shieldwall you are face to face so a dagger-like sword is more usefull in that situation . 
  other greeks were known to make fun of this . 
  he already has a statue . 
  no need to pray , yet no need to shit at history either . 
  so you are one of those people ? 
  he was a national hero who saved the republic numerous times , not for the sake of slave trade . 
  nationalism does not equal seeing others as lesser , not sure what makes you think that . 
  essentially it should cover the area from your chin to your knees . 
  they did n't always have short swords , i believe that at thermopylae they were still using normal lenght ones . 
  ever heard of the byzantine empire ? 
  if anything its the other way around . 
  heh and here i was thinking military reserves . 
  we tried to do that too , hitler just did n't give a shit . 
  so its not always wise to take no stance . 
  time to squash some rebels !, 
  definately an interesting history in the region , this map is also interesting showing the spread of the german language before the ethnic migrations after wwii . 
  * http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/sprachen_deutsches_reich_1900.png, 
  noticed that as well , why would that be though ? 
  is n't that essentially the same ? 
  multiculturism is n't keeping the local culture , as it advocates other cultures living alongside it at the cost of the local one . 
  in 2005 i see about 80 % of the people here were ethnically dutch , even though most immigrants are located in certain areas in a large density . 
  take kanaleneiland for example , any dutch culture there ? 
  if people do n't integrate into the country it will destroy the local culture , its no rocket science . 
  yet that is n't beneficial to us . 
  currently we are actively bringing them to our countries , not them suddenly appearing out of the blue . 
  time to stop doing that but instead invest that same money in ways to help them in surrounding countries . 
  there will always be people in need , bringing them here is n't fixing the problems . 
  ca n't save the whole world without destroying yourself in the process . 
  yes , it just destroys the local culture while also bringing many social and economic problems . 
  keep that business to the countries themselves . 
  essentially those who were better of are now worse of , being ahead of others should n't be punished . 
  well to be honest why does the eu even try to influence things like farmers ? 
  i like the idea of the union but it just tries to influence the countries too much , rather see it abolished than kept in its current state . 
  cooperation , not control , should be key . 
  til : hitler was austrian . 
  ideally it should be forbidden for national parties to engage in provincial elections , same with local governments as well . 
  if you want more democracy that is . 
  good for you . 
  you must be so proud of those achievents . 
  if only more people on reddit were like you . 
  yes i can , in fact i just did . 
  i 'm not the one trying to disproof anything here . 
  ever went to our large cities of amsterdam or utrecht to enjoy our succesfull integration firsthand ? 
  and 56 % working is integration ? 
  i have yet to see proof of succesfull integration from your part . 
  i 'm pretty sure his polls have been proven qualified to be trustworthy . 
  and seeing the ever rising unemployment adding more people is n't going to fix that . 
  but will they find work ? 
  or even work at all ? 
  its still a problem , ca n't save the whole world . 
  it was actually contested ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/archives/images/integratiedehond534.jpg ) enquiry from last year for example shows that 54 % of people in netherlands think that integration completely failed . 
  because you are letting people in at a great rate with a completely different language/culture/values etc. 
  and i 'm not sure of other countries but integration into society is a complete mess . 
  and lets be honest , they are n't going to leave when things get better in syria .
