  it ca n't be . 
  article 19 mentions eventually giving visa which you denied . 
  you do n't think this will be used by ukranians to work in western-europe ? 
  they 'd be fools not to . 
  article 18 mentions to improve the existing facilities of acces to employment for ukrainian workers . 
  this all basicly comes down to allowing cheap ukranian workers into the eu market . 
  in article 19 of the association agreement :  the parties shall take gradual steps towards a visa-free regime in due course , provided that the conditions for wellmanaged and secure mobility , set out in the two-phase action plan on visa liberalization presented at the eu-ukraine summit of 22 november 2010 , are in place . 
  -- to add to this , look at article 18 as well :  the existing facilities of access to employment for ukrainian workers accorded by member states under bilateral agreements should be preserved and if possible improved ;, 
  protecting the sovereignty of the nation states ? 
  a majority of the sitting parties have already said that they will respect the outcome , which would mean a political suicide for the parties which come back on that . 
  especially if you consider that next year we have our general elections . 
  some people are , early polls show that the 30 % threshold will probably be met . 
  a lot of people here in the netherlands are eurosceptic and have been mostly ignored . 
  many do n't want further centralisation and integration of the european member states into a united states of europe . 
  on the other hand ukraine has quite some problems as well , this agreement is n't just a trade agreement but has many military and political components as well . 
  the trade part of the agreement is already in full effect and will remain so regardless of our vote . 
  and getting 10.000 signatures was impossible , as was the 300.000 tresshold . 
  we have to believe !, 
  our government can block the agreement if they choose to do so . 
  each national government has to agree with the agreement for it to pass . 
  really excited to see the results and how our government will deal with it . 
  this could have huge impacts . 
  so you are suggesting an association agreement with north-korea ? 
  i meant it in the sense that if our politicians choose to ignore it then the people in the united kingdom can use it as fuel to show how democracy is n't being respected in the european union . 
  our government has long acted with their first priority being the european union and not its own citizens . 
  how people fill in their votes is for them to decide . 
  if they choose to look beyond the issue at hand but also the effects it has indirectly that is only a good thing and something a democracy should promote . 
  which ignores the fact that this time around it are the people running the country who are corrupt . 
  there are better ways to combat that than using an association agreement . 
  rather put sanctions in place , no need to ask them to kindly change their ways . 
  we should take an example from the swiss . 
  they have been practicioners of direct democracy for 150 years . 
  they do n't have turnout requirements because those are counterproductive as they provide wrong results and enhances strategic voting rather than hearing what people truelly want . 
  in 2005 we had a referendum in the netherlands on whether we wanted a european constitution . 
  about 70 % voted against and our politicians chose to ignore the result through the treaty of lissabon . 
  people are going to use this referendum to show their disagreement against the eu . 
  it seems to no longer be about cooperation but more and more about creating a united states of europe , which to me is unacceptable . 
  less centralisation and more cooperation , which means opposing the current direction the eu is heading . 
  i already did intend to vote against , so this is definately helping me make the right decision . 
  and thierry baudet mentioned the interesting effect on brexit . 
  if politicians choose to ignore us then brexit supporters can show the lack of democracy in the eu . 
  so this is a win-win situation really . 
  i wonder how the recently leaked tax evasions of ukrainian officials will affect it . 
  returned home . 
  with the problem being that this `` home '' is the enemy of the state they have chosen to allign themselves with . 
  it is a matter of time before they radicalise more people or perform an attack . 
  it depends . 
  / u/polybios has mentioned [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2qiftf/in_the_national_anthem_of_the_netherlands_william/cn6v0e5 ) on / r/askhistorians that there definately is an argument to be made to the meaning being german . 
  with german back then being descriptive of a larger area than today . 
  what was considered german at that time is not the same as today essentially . 
  though in the end , there is no correct answer . 
  they raided coasts to take slaves . 
  ofcourse it was at the time . 
  we managed to fight off france , england and two german states the last time we succesfully flooded our dykes . 
  so we should be ok !, 
  thanks for the warning , flood the dykes !, 
  since we have elections next year and our prime minister ca n't afford to ignore this referendum . 
  you do realise no kremlin influence has been proven , so your remark is a nasty personal attack towards those people . 
  however , us influence ( soros ) has been proven on the pro side . 
  gives an interesting perspective on things . 
  sorry but i 'm not seeing any arguments on why i should change my vote . 
  * to be anti-putin ? 
  i could n't care less about putin , possibility of shared interests will not prevent me from voting no . 
  * russia will lose ukraine from their influence sphere ? 
  again such power plays between eu and russia are not in the best interest of my country . 
  * ukraine 's economy ? 
  it is currently not much , having just the value of noord-holland , and that is supposed to trade with all of the eu . 
  compare that to russia 's importance in dutch trade . 
  again , if this were a trade agreement there would n't be any problem . 
  but i do n't see the need for all the political and military strings which are beeing attached . 
  add to that a lack of influence the dutch people have over matters concerning the eu which is also frustrating . 
  the referendum in 2005 comes to mind . 
  possibility of joining eu . 
  displacement of our low skilled workers . 
  products entering market without the tough eu regulations put on dutch producers , especially in the meat industry . 
  tensions with russia is a political game my country should not be playing . 
  russian trade being endangered . 
  rather i always like to know , what are the advantages for my country ? 
  usually people ca n't go much further than emotions , mentioning how sad ukraine is and how we are somehow forced to help them . 
  polls are looking good . 
  i wonder if the results will be honored by the government . 
  personally i do n't see how my country stands to benefit from this agreement and there are too many risks involved for me to vote yes . 
  i can see how this agreement would be good for ukraine , but i 'm not voting based on that i 'm voting on what i believe would be best for my country . 
  heard there are about 27 subjects in there to make ukraine legislation more like that of the eu . 
  which is a thing required for eu candidate states if they wish to apply . 
  so it is not about ukraine joining , but is it a first step ? 
  you can definately claim it to be such . 
  how is he far right ? 
  makes you sad when you read that he died while visiting the people who were wounded at the latest assassination attempt against him . 
  you are the one bringing up open borders , not me . 
  people who go to syria to fight a jihadist war should never even have been allowed to walk freely within our society . 
  open borders or not . 
  you are ignoring that there are parts in the netherlands which are part of vlaanderen , brabant and limburg and there are no problems . 
  it is very much a artificial border . 
  i 'd argue there are more cultural differences between different regions inside the netherlands than between flanders and the netherlands . 
  ofcourse they are linked , allowing easy travel for syria jihadists without keeping them out or even detaining them is causing deaths . 
  blood is at the hands of the people who enabled this , not sure why anyone could doubt this . 
  edit : if you are going to downvote me at least have the decency to explain why . 
  they were , but they mainly settled in the low countries , not in france . 
  which is confusing , yes .
