  bismarck would probably die of a heart attack the moment he opened a history book or looked at a map . 
  which they process into food , so its acceptable . 
  really curious for more studies to showing it being feasible . 
  we are eventually heading in that direction , the question would just be when is the right time to accept that future . 
  the fact that it works in a poor indian region is promising though , i would figure a poor region would be especially worse off . 
  ( getting more children to gain more basic income for example ), 
  anglo-dutch wars , never forget . 
  `` den coninck van hispaengien '' , it became bastardised today though . 
  the mountains , especially coming from a place where we call our hills mountains . 
  and the fact that austrians are basicly southern germans . 
  i thought faith in norse gods was n't that spread in finland ? 
  just show how childish those people are . 
  rather than choosing the person most fit for the job they pick based on political flavours . 
  she also has a moroccan passport and serves as the personal advisor of the moroccan king . 
  tolerance for the intolerant . 
  it really is a shame . 
  he was actively demonised by the dominant political parties and even the media . 
  he also asked for security measures but was denied them by the minister of internal affairs , which is why they are taking the security measures of wilders so seriously . 
  because in the netherlands you will be killed as a politician for having a controversial point of view . 
  even two months before his death he said this in an interview : `` if something happens to me than they ( people who demonise me ) are partly responsible . 
  they ca n't say that they did n't pull the trigger , they helped create a climate which makes it possible . '', 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1184h0mxfdu ) the infamous debate shortly before his death . 
  [ look ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7ekayx9pmk ) at how they have to transport wilders in a free democratic country . 
  he has a hungarian wife . 
  there was talk about securing the site alongside the australian forces which would support the dutch forces . 
  really shameful that it did n't happen , to both the victims and the famillies of the victims . 
  i will vote against it , largest reason being a protest vote against the european union . 
  as juncker himself said it might be in europe 's best interest , however i feel it might not be in the best interest of my country . 
  also several parts of that treaty are already in place without all countries approving it , further demonstrating some faults with the union . 
  recent polls show 70 % of people being against it , quite curious at the final results as well . 
  there is also the opposition against the european union in general which definately plays some part . 
  seeing the coming dutch referendum that may not be the smartest thing for you to say . 
  maybe that is why they are least likely to be invaded ? 
  neutrality is meaningless if you do n't have the strenght to back it up . 
  the netherlands was neutral at the start of wwii yet its lacking army did n't help to get that message across . 
  so how does this help with catalan independence ? 
  such threats will have the opposite effect juncker . 
  got confused , my bad . 
  ~ ~ no . ~ ~ the dutch voted against an european constitution ( [ here ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendum_over_het_verdrag_tot_vaststelling_van_een_grondwet_voor_europa ) ) . 
  however that referendum was ignored and the constitution replaced by the treaty of lisbon without another vote . . 
  do note that the dutch voted against an european constitution before , which was swiftly ignored . 
  they ca n't afford to steal dirty cheese next time right ? 
  no religion has a place here . 
  maybe i 'll be able to make it . 
  was there the first time as m\u00fcnster which still seems to be alive on the map somehow . 
  its from paradox , maybe you have heard of crusader kings ii ? 
  just stating it considering most people see it as a solution for said problem . 
  they do n't acknowledge him as their king anyways right ? 
  nice form of protest . 
  [ a dangerous question !, 
  ] ( http://digitalclaritygroup.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/trap.png ), 
  nope . 
  this development is inevitable long term . 
  see the studies of hans rosling for more information . 
  ( [ here ] ( https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_on_global_population_growth ) ) so adding new migrants to try and combat this will be no solution to the underlying problem . 
  we will have to . 
  demographic experts have concluded that it is inevitable . 
  eventually all countries will have this and population will have reached its limit on earth . 
  adding new people does not prevent this , rather it will move that date back but it will still happen . 
  venice is next ? 
  i 'd love to see that happen , and what would happen after that . 
  then send them back eventually . 
  why does it need more unity or more centralisation ? 
  why ca n't it just be about several countries cooperating at a economic and military level ? 
  why does it always have to become some kind of political union ? 
  nothing would happen . 
  sad truth . 
  holland is a province . 
  for example it would be the same as calling portugal `` estremadura '' . 
  in our history holland was always dominant over the other provinces , they paid half the expenses of the country during our golden age and it was an important commercial center . 
  screw the mods . 
  users are what empower this sub . 
  i think his views represent a view which is increasingly seen in europe . 
  thus it would make sense to hear him out on these imporrant issues . 
  if he would agree with that ofcourse . 
  nigel farage ? 
  we should have made an afsluitdijk there when we had a chance . 
  try it without your french and english buddies this time around !, 
  just half of it , france may take the rest . 
  this so much . 
  if people were really doing it for the sake of refugees they would invest in local camps . 
  you can help way more people with the same amount of money . 
  while at the same time avoiding problems at home regarding refugees . 
  russia is having a nightmare ? 
  if there is an attack there will be blood on the hands of the politicians who have enabled it . 
  can they be held accountable in court for the huge security risk ? 
  edit : if you are going to downvote at least have the decency to say why . 
  in that research 70 % also mention that they feel that they have no say in the matter . 
  and less than 50 % approves of centres regardless with the others who approve wanting limitations put in place . 
  even before paris that would n't be shocking news . 
  this so much . 
  once they realise that the journey is pointless they wont attempt it . 
  i 'd rather fight for the opposite . 
  seems conflicting with the argument that it insults isis . 
  i do n't think any sane person could deny its association with islam . 
  why use the term daesh actually ? 
  seem to be a recent thing . 
  they were local people . 
  french ? 
  never heard of that , what is that ?
