  so he has now permanently lost his gift of speech ? 
  good for that woman to defend herself . 
  democracy , what was that again ? 
  holy shit , please tell me that video is fake . 
  that ca n't be real can it ? 
  he is not wrong though in those effects . 
  whether its the intention or not is the real question . 
  he should indeed . 
  is there actually a large independence movement there ? 
  had bavarian people in a company i worked at once and they had a large bavarian flag and texts like that . 
  like that other mod right ? 
  they did n't , which is why some mods could just do as they please . 
  so you are saying this does n't have anything to do with it ? 
  right . 
  because i mention the definition and you ca n't seem to handle it somehow . 
  it dictates how to handle things . 
  it does n't alter definitions . 
  i suggest the same to you . 
  you ca n't alter definitions . 
  definition in a matter of definations do matter , you do n't seem to be getting it . 
  you 're the one being delusional . 
  laws do n't change definitions . 
  they are n't refugees if they keep moving away from multiple ( ! ), 
  safe havens and i wont call them as such . 
  i 'm simply being a realist . 
  if you flee a safe haven you are n't a refugee fleeing from a threat . 
  its a matter of definition . 
  laws do n't change definitions . 
  it quite does , a refugee is someone who flees their country seeking a safe haven . 
  the moment they leave said safe haven to find a wealthy country to stay they stop being refugees . 
  and what if there is a civil war somewhere else ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  i 'll refuse to call them refugees if they find their way all the way here to my country , because they passed through several safe countries . 
  yet helping the entire world is going to destroy the wellfare state , its not substainable . 
  because they know they can live lives with more wealth here in western europe . 
  it is n't about safety anymore , its about taking the oppertunity you would n't have gotten otherwise . 
  and what determines that ? 
  you seem to be far too liberal with the definition . 
  the term racism is losing its meaning if abused too liberally . 
  calling people racist left and right because they disagree on some issues . 
  also generally unprofessional behavior and often bordering on insultive . 
  you will definately get my vote , you definately seem to be one of the more reasonable persons on this subreddit . 
  horrible idea , we do n't need another skynet situation from happening . 
  too much risk involved with the things you 've said in the past . 
  that is because they are , i see no reason to consider them otherwise . 
  they were safe in less wealthy countries as well . 
  seen some videos of him , if i were living in the uk he 'd definately get my vote . 
  so basicly / r/europe before the policy changes ? 
  no , that is not the way . 
  depends , how do you get the money to travel all that way ? 
  bound to be some criminals amongst them . 
  this , they want a rich place to stay . 
  ca n't blame them but once they reach western europe you ca n't speak of refugees anymore . 
  just economical migrants . 
  none , however some people still seem to insist we must be forced to take care of them all . 
  its madness at this point . 
  depends , if it has gold it will soon become `` nothing '' . 
  no it is n't . 
  you ca n't force yourself on others and expect them to allow or even accept it . 
  unrealistic approach if not every country in the world is thinking the same way . 
  so you are saying they polled amongst the population to hear what they think ? 
  elected people enacting things does n't mean anything , dutch government basicly allowed the lisabon treaty while we voted no to a european constitution for example . 
  democracy is a thing , or rather it should be . 
  yeah , screw those guys . 
  just settle things by law . 
  also , why do n't they use a pirate flag ? 
  much more fitting . 
  so why is she wearing a doge hat ? 
  so you are saying the french kidnapped them ? 
  no , because you get called a racist if you try . 
  yes , lets force settlement based on ethnicity . 
  dude ... 
  what makes some people here think that some areas must be forced to accept immigrants ? 
  if locals do n't want it why force it ? 
  they are seeking to abuse the system for their own benefit . 
  understandable on their part but not good for us . 
  feel free to point out what you consider `` fucked up nazi comments '' from my part . 
  it was unofficial however the comission of international observers have legitimised the results . 
  there was a referendum in 2014 in which 89,1 % voted for independence . 
  that is with a 63,2 % turnout . 
  such doge . 
  there 's apparantly a big independence movement in venice though , polls show a majority wanting independence . 
  please tell me this is sarcasm and i 'm not getting the joke . 
  i would n't call that a little bit , an ad hominem is a personal attack meant to discredit someone 's opinion . 
  what makes you think it is because of some hidden hatred ? 
  it is plain realism . 
  we simply ca n't take everyone in , it will cause problems . 
  no need to create problems if we can avoid them . 
  simply thinking what would be best for my country and its citizens . 
  extremists are always the minority . 
  i 'm sure the islamic fanatics in syria think of themselves as normal followers of islam yet we should n't refer to them as such just because of that . 
  and what if something happens in south-africa or new-sealand ? 
  you 're being unrealistic in your assumption we must safe the world . 
  where do you draw the line in regards to refugees ? 
  i 've yet to hear an answer to this question from anyone . 
  it is , why should our situation get worse because a disaster happened somewhere else ? 
  we can help people without making our situation worse . 
  not really as i 've been saying for a long time those jihad warriors never should be allowed back . 
  we got lucky this time , will we get lucky next time ? 
  your comment history does n't really discredit your remark either .
