  the moment we allow extremist to deny us to show it they have won . 
  religion is a race now ? 
  because we should be able to make fun of everything , without people trying to kill us for it . 
  if only these kind of things were rare . 
  would make some kind of wildling joke but mods would probably ban me for it . 
  anyways stannis is where its at . 
  yet its not just an invitation either , which is what you seem to be implying . 
  perhaps not a war . 
  yet it involved a huge armada and an invasion of 20.000 troops . 
  definately is n't right to refer to it as `` just '' a rebellion . 
  it was an invasion , just because the english prefer to call it a `` glorious revolution '' does n't change that fact . 
  dutch army invaded england . 
  wiki explains it better , saying it was both an invasion and a rebellion : `` the events of 1688 are known as the `` glorious revolution '' but since an intensified historical interest due to the third centennial of the event , some academics have portrayed the `` revolution '' as a dutch invasion of britain . 
  [ 94 ] the `` glorious revolution '' fulfils the criterion for revolution , being an internal change of constitution and also the criterion for invasion , because it involved the landing of large numbers of foreign troops . 
  the events were unusual because the establishment of a constitutional monarchy ( a de facto republic , see coronation oath act 1688 ) and bill of rights meant that the apparently invading monarchs , legitimate heirs to the throne , were prepared to govern with the english parliament . 
  it is difficult to classify the entire proceedings of 1687 -- 89 but it can be seen that the events occurred in three phases : conspiracy , invasion by dutch forces and `` glorious revolution '' . 
  it has been argued that the invasion aspect had been downplayed as a result of a combination of british pride and successful dutch propaganda , trying to depict the course of events as a largely internal english affair . '', 
  oh got confused by the fact that 20.000 dutch soldiers went along . 
  however there was one [ small ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_reading_ ( 1688 ) ) fight . 
  you could also count the jacobite battles , though that was more aftermatch i suppose . 
  [ related video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wplnvxtorrc ) . 
  dutch republic was looking after its own interest . 
  was a dutch fleet and a dutch army . 
  just because he was invited does n't change the fact that it was an invasion . 
  `` invited '' . 
  it was a dutch army which fought and won , the invitation was the cause and is n't really an excuse . 
  [ dutch conquest of britain in 1688 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yzfwpuim9e ) . 
  let us hope so . 
  less europe is needed . 
  what they both share in common is that there is no need , or even the capability , to support them all in our countries . 
  which is why they are often intertwined on this sub . 
  excellent news , finally some unified noise against the eu . 
  definately will be getting my vote in the future . 
  thats what you do in governments , you work together on things even if you do n't agree with eachother . 
  what better way to have some foottroops infiltrate another country ? 
  turks referred to their country once as `` rum '' i believe as they defeated the old rome ( byzantine empire ) . 
  so that does make some sense if you think about it . 
  islam is indeed a threat , not as big as often suggested but it deserves some special attention sadly . 
  russia 's border went west at the expense of polish land which in turn was taken from germany . 
  russia was the ussr , hense the lands they stole . 
  do n't worry guys , its just their culture . 
  really this should n't be tolerated , at all . 
  waste of money . 
  because you first thought is worrying about racism against immigrants while not mentioning the very racism that is going on in the link . 
  if you are just worried about one kind of racism then it is quite relevant . 
  i 'm opposed to the racism against those who are n't immigrants . 
  or is n't that racism as well ? 
  beat up all the children !, 
  looks like we have ourselves a stannis supporter . 
  franks mainly settled in the low countries though  . 
  depends on the type of paint you use . 
  destroy the boats already , what are they waiting for ? 
  same feeling of amazement when i saw the alps for the first time , appearing on the horizon . 
  so why is venice looking like its about to crumble ? 
  a good paintjob would go a long way . 
  amsterdam is n't like most other cities , it is n't that dutch anymore . 
  multiculturism destroyed a lot of it . 
  now its all weed and hookers . 
  where did you go in germany ? 
  for comparison . 
  saw a man on television who was in such a state and experienced everything , only regaining basic movements after a few dozen years . 
  so it does happen , in which case pulling the plug is just murder essentially . 
  very inaccurate map . 
  rip germany . 
  i meant [ this ] ( http://www.iht.com/2014/05/14/nazi-veterans-created-illegal-army/ ) though . 
  cia was involved with that ? 
  so those tanks and soldiers ca n't be replaced by german ones ? 
  well i 've read stories of a post-war shadow army of ex-soldiers which could rise up any moment should the soviets invade western-germany at the time , but i doubt that is still a issue today . 
  so what are foreign forces doing in germany ? 
  is n't ww2 over already ? 
  do n't , you 're going to regret that . 
  ignore and assume ignorance , sounds about french . 
  hey guys , about this crusade . 
  lets take a little `` detour '' . 
  just do n't involve the venetians . 
  thoughts on northern-epirus and northern-cyprus though ? 
  is n't there still a greek minority living in istanbull ? 
  indeed we did . 
  political correctness . 
  racism against white people in certain circles is n't regarded as racism , its retarded really . 
  you would have been in court under charges of racism . 
  really fuck people like that diversity officer , they are the worst racists . 
  so if people want an abortion they will get sick on purpose now , potentially also ending the life of the woman . 
  mmmm . 
  why ? 
  should people get in power based on skill or on gender ? 
  dangerous thing which you are implying . 
  just ally lithuania . 
  not really . 
  phalanx depended on a strong cavalryarm and by the time the romans fought the macedonians that cavalryarm was nothing like that of the time of alexander . 
  just the anvil without the hammer basicly . 
  consider yourself reported . 
  learn some manners . 
  edit : apparantly damir33 deleted his own comments . 
  he called me a cunt in this comment above me as well . 
  removing his posts so he does n't get moderator punishment for trowing insults around . 
  what does race have to do with any of it ? 
  keep your bigot comments to yourself . 
  edit : for context , damir33 called me a racist prick . 
  he quickly editted that out ...
