  indeed , i 'm often quite suprised how some manage to marginalise the problem . 
  just because the odds of you dying in a attack are low does n't mean it is n't a serious problem . 
  the true problem behind isis is the support it gets from more `` moderate '' believers . 
  i would , rather i think direct democracy has the future . 
  people are becoming more knowledgeable and more fitted to decide their own future . 
  any technical limitations which would discredit direct democracy are slowly disappearing so i 'd say it is becoming more and more viable going forward . 
  what i would n't give for some swiss democracy . 
  sadly not many politicians support such a system here . 
  he also had a car accident where his car flew from the road because of mechanical problems . 
  he is quite lucky . 
  maybe they are releasing it on purpose in order to force some tougher stances to be taken against the refugee movement accros europe ? 
  nice godwin , really disgusting tactic to alienate farage . 
  you should be ashamed . 
  and look what happens when one member disagrees . 
  he 's shit on . 
  sometimes you need to destroy a sand castle to build a better one at its location . 
  cooperation would n't cease to exist without the current eu . 
  in fact i 've lost faith in sufficient reforms happening in due time , a much more realistic approach towards a better europe would be a new union which is n't stuck in the previous century . 
  elon musk really is one of the people who will drive humanity forward . 
  he is not just causing a wake-up call for europeans but for all humans . 
  think about it , it has been 44 years ago that humans last stood on the moon . 
  what have we been doing all this time ? 
  and elon musk is going to bring humanity to mars in 2024 , to create an actual self-sufficient society in which he wants to retire eventually . 
  you do realise the black market already has a load of illegal automatic rifles ? 
  this measure is going to hit absolutely no terrorist , just the responsible owners . 
  and i 'm saying that as someone who thinks civilians should n't own any kind of firearm . 
  interesting how such polls cease to be `` worthwhile '' when they say something which you do n't like . 
  juncker would trow threats around about how britain is going to suffer if they choose to leave , i would n't mind that considering it would bolster the `` leave '' side . 
  depends on your view on democracy . 
  technical limitations which obstruct direct democracy are slowly disappearing , people are constantly getting more informed as information is easilly available for everyone . 
  i think it is time political leaders start paying more attention to the wishes of the voters , simply ignoring them should not be allowed . 
  we see this throughout europe . 
  if a referendum is n't satisfactory they just force another , or they just ignore it . 
  totally unacceptable . 
  it is also a great way to show the lack of respect for democracy in the union . 
  we voted against a european constitution , yet it was introduced anyways . 
  stepping out of the union does not mean we will cease to exist . 
  not yet though , heh . 
  not in a shape we accepted by vote . 
  and who is going to rebuild syria after it all settles down ? 
  no need to keep them here long-term . 
  can the dutch join too ? 
  `` shall we finally tell them about the aliens now that we 've gotten them used to the concept using hollywood ? '', 
  if you can help ten more refugees by investing in local camps then i 'd argue that taking in refugees is actually doing more harm than good . 
  especially because it enforces the current movements accros dangerous sea . 
  why fear ? 
  and when did we vote for that ? 
  really . 
  all the news regarding ukraine just further shows it was probably the best thing to not want a association agreement with ukraine . 
  it is how the likes of juncker will abuse the vote results . 
  when you have two decisions you can assume people will account for the effects either of those decisions will have . 
  this is just the first official attempt to introduce basic income . 
  i 'd predict we will see basic income start within our lifetimes in some countries . 
  its not standard . 
  in fact in my school teachers often spoke how you should n't vote pvv . 
  which rational basis ? 
  euro is a big problem though . 
  everyone agrees that we should have kept our gulden but dropping out of the eu ca n't be fully done if we keep the euro . 
  i 'd still support a nexit though . 
  time for a new european union to rise from the ashes of this current mess . 
  which should be all the more reason to vote to leave . 
  voting to remain is voting to agree with the current eu direction . 
  i 'd argue you need a balanced approach . 
  especially if not everyone is living towards the future . 
   not any other . 
  again , his statement is reasonable . 
  right wingers really are a problem and ruin the future of our societies for younger generations . 
  you could argue left-wing poltics are ruining the present for the sake of tomorrow with this line of thought . 
   name a single inherently right wing policy that is evidently beneficial to the long term wellbeing of human society and the planet . 
  promoting freedom of the individual . 
  less hand-holding in a way . 
   yeah . 
  most people believe in god in the past . 
  not sure how that is an answer . 
  i 'd take it you just mean right-wing politics is outdated . 
   of course there is right and left . 
  one insists on hierarchy and inequality to cater to the interests of elites , the other one insists on abandoning differences and promoting equality catering to the interests of society as a whole . 
  i do n't disagree with you there . 
  i fully believe humanity will integrate into one united society . 
  however that time is not today or tomorrow . 
  rather i suspect it will take perhaps ~ 200 years before it will finally happen . 
  we need to base our politics on today and not live in a future which does not yet exist . 
  calling racists racist is n't . 
  however it does become such when you start calling people racist if they are not in fact racist . 
  in his comment , replace right winger with any other group and you might change your mind on that . 
  depends on which right wing politics . 
  many people favour politics which share elements of both right and left politics . 
  in fact you could argue that there is no right or left , unless you see immigration stance as right or left ofcourse . 
  you should have thanked us by voting to leave . 
  only way to stop this train . 
  less hate speech against right-wingers please . 
  xenos in this context can definately have flaws , discussion of said flaws and effects of them should not be blocked . 
  what if the guy you want to talk to is shooting ? 
  society . 
  however the current laws regarding this are outdated . 
  many online environments have replaced real environments as a place of discussion , hence the danger of companies influencing said discussing by not allowing things to be discussed . 
  headscarfs are n't exclusive to islam . 
  good try though . 
  handing the reins of the public debate to companies , what could go wrong ? 
  i 'm not saying juncker is responsible .
