  that always annoys me . 
  what purpose does immigration of unskilled people who are unlikely to integrate and are harming our ability to keep up our social wellfare fullfill ? 
  really , the only thing i can think of is some kind of idealistic worldview where you try to destroy local identities by excessive amounts of immigration . 
  for the sake of some greater good , while in fact just causing social conflict . 
  ca n't fix unemployment with immigration . 
  so the wall served its purpose . 
  reading that it all seems rather reasonable . 
  interesting thing about zero-cost politics , it would definately help combat corruption and ensure people are getting into politics to help the country and its citizens and not for their purse . 
  just pointing out that nationalism is n't necesarilly about feeling superior . 
  pride does n't equal hate or a feeling of superiority though . 
  it is possible for multiple people to act in a disgusting manner . 
  you living there means shit . 
  this is the internet . 
  that is the thing , everyone was stating that because they started copying eachother . 
  thats how news works !, 
  there was not enough initial proof to make such a claim which is my point . 
  i 'm not saying it did not happen . 
  yes there were , there were accounts of witnesses stating they heard no such thing and media were copying other media . 
  as i said , initially it was n't sure yet it was already being abused in a disgusting manner . 
  maybe we should send some soap that way , remove the need to mutilate children . 
  there were conflicting reports . 
  and its simply not a decent thing to abuse her death for such political gain , take note that the brexit blame started while she was bleeding to death on the street . 
  she was n't even dead yet and people were already taking advantage of her , disgusting . 
  there were people denying it when there was a lack of substantial proof as she was still bleeding out on the street and some did n't know how fast to use her death for their political gain . 
  i 'm talking war crimes , not just about genocide . 
  a [ list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allied_war_crimes_during_world_war_ii ) of some known ones . 
  can you truly have justice if you make the loser pay for his crimes and not the winner ? 
  sure it is all political , if it was truly about justice this far past the war then they would also have trials for allied war crimes . 
  hating the double standards here . 
  not following orders when you are serving under a totalitarian military system is going to have you shifted to the eastern front towards certain death . 
  would you have said no to the orders to guard it ? 
  that is n't what this map is showing though . 
  what constitutes as `` big enough '' ? 
  cooperation in europe does not require the eu . 
  i think the underlying story of this piece can be projected to other eu countries somewhat . 
  quite a refreshing piece on this subreddit which is quick to play the blame game . 
  i did ? 
  his brexit video uses sources . 
  what makes him an asshole ? 
  if people are going to claim that he is a nazi they better have the proof to back it up , otherwise it is just plain demonisation which is totally unfair . 
  and what would actually make him a nazi ? 
  just seems like demonisation to me . 
  we 've been there before with fortuyn in the netherlands , his demonisation resulted in his death, 
  latest thing i 've watched regarding that subject was [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wiqtpqrey8 ) . 
  but are they truly representative if they make such a major decision which is not supported by the population ? 
  i 'd argue such major decisions would need the mandate of the voters , hence my support for more direct democracy . 
  thanks for not denying mine . 
  eu does not represent an all-compasing capability to work and live together in europe . 
  things are n't simple and you did n't answer my question in a properly manner . 
  and the stay camp is any different in that regard ? 
  saw the same during our referendum . 
  `` continental crisis if you vote against ! '', 
  `` war in europe if you vote against ! '', 
  a direct democacy is n't necesarilly 51-percent based . 
  elon musk for example proposses it for the future mars colony . 
  60 % needed for new laws , 40 % needed to abolish old laws . 
  also regarding the french people . 
  they wanted to install the french king as a ceremonial king , when he tried to flee to germany he was executed as a traitor and not because of some direct democratic vote . 
  oh you meant it regarding the nexit ? 
  well that is a different question , mainly because we already accepted the euro which makes it harder to leave . 
  which was probably why they pushed the euro in the first place , but lets leave that aside . 
  i 'd say we would need some bigger investigation regarding the effects . 
  especially if more countries are leaving . 
  as it stands we are one of the biggest net contributors to the eu while receiving less . 
  and in the unfortunate case that we are indeed going to go backwards financially i 'd say its better to cut our losses . 
  not everything is about money . 
  based on what ? 
  might be worth watching [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw0letw_6si ) . 
  and what makes you think you would n't be welcome as far as wilders is concerned ? 
  because they are unaccountable and unelected . 
  how is that excusable considering the power they wield ? 
  so we should oppress the people and do things without their consent ? 
  i 'd rather not have my head roll off a guillotine . 
  interesting if you consider his strong ties to the jewish community and his jewish ancestry . 
  good try trough at the godwin . 
  so if people are n't going to vote the way you want you do n't think they should have a say into the things affecting their lives ? 
  that 's right , they are n't a existential threat . 
  just a threat to stability in our countries . 
  regarding conflict with russia , a bit weird to see eu officials escalating the conflict in ukraine on the maidan square by giving their population false promises . 
  but that is n't what citizens agreed to , giving up your sovereignty ca n't happen without public consent . 
  or at the least it should never be able to . 
  i do , switzerland being a good example of direct democracy working . 
  again , having a direct democracy works as a incentive to make people actually engaged in politics and conduct their own research . 
  the voting population at least . 
  he mentions wanting to just relax after a brexit and enjoy the occasion fishing . 
  i doubt he wants to further his political carrier as he wanted to leave ukip initially when they lost in the elections . 
  and considering his carreer affecting his children , definately were genuine teers when he talked about that . 
  and what if i told you his party programme is actually quite socialist in nature ? 
  because it is essentially what the european commission has become , hence the mention . 
  might even have served as an example for some for the future of europe . 
  i dunno , seems kind of undemocratic right ? 
  that 's right !, 
  untill i see a better alternative , not sure how that is relevant though . 
  read up on arthur salter and his vision of a united states of europe . 
  central in his vision is giving central power to a unelected and unaccountable secretariat . 
  aka the european commission . 
  why not ? 
  farage seems like a nice fellow and a genuine person . 
  i 'm really hoping for a brexit as that could put things in motion for a nexit , at this point i have zero faith in proper reforms in the eu . 
  yes , by a undemocratic institution which is trying to form a political union without public consent .
