  and what about criticism against a culture ? 
  lets take bullfighting in spain , to say that tradition makes it a lesser culture would be banworthy ? 
  1830 , never forget . 
  yes . 
  interesting history which made us what we are today . 
  it all really depends how much value you hold towards the country and the achievements of those people and your ancestors . 
  personally i do care about that . 
  [ we never left . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_england ), 
  his body can still be seen , blocking the water . 
  swampy enough to sail up the thames to burn your ships or to install a dutch on a english throne  . 
  only in britain right ? 
  or is reddit itself based in britain ? 
  i wonder what that would mean for the mods ? 
  i believe a large portion of them are from britain . 
  this sub has been defaulted as the main europe sub . 
  as such creating other subs is n't solving the problem . 
  horrible excuse there are already examples of other , and often larger , subs using the system . 
  i fail to see how it is a matter of technicalities as opposed to a matter of simply not wanting free immigration discussion . 
  at least have the decency to be honest about it and alter the rules if you wish , but not this . 
  that is n't the best solution though , it only further divides the population of / r/europe . 
  then it could be easilly argued that one unique subreddit for each point of discussion should be created . 
  but the spartans did n't yell `` this is thermopylae ''  . 
  praise the sun !, 
  i was unbanned by one of the mods . 
  thanks guys . 
  really weird though how all of this happened , it seems one of the mods was drunk and started deleting and banning things . 
  so everyone talking that topic should be removed from the main discussion if there are some extremists taking action ? 
  totally unreasonable . 
  and again , if you use filters you wont notice any of those problems if you do n't like to talk about immigration . 
  they should take action against the brigaders , not the regulars trying to gave a decent place to discuss immigration . 
  wrong . 
  filters is a better approach , you do n't want to discuss immigration ? 
  fine just filter it out . 
  and for the people who do want to discuss immigration they do n't have to dig through 500 posts to find the subject at hand . 
  wrong . 
  the mods are in place to serve the public , not the other way around . 
  especially if you consider that his subreddit has been made the default europe subreddit . 
  there is no excuse for censorship , it rather is a show of poor decision making . 
  megathreads are not a solution though . 
  trowing people in a specific spot for their thoughts is essentially creating a thought ghetto , which is a horrible thing . 
  and i 've witnessed the same in / r/dota2 , discussion has become less serious in there however that means people create new subreddits wich do have serious discussion . 
  creating megathreads to avoid said discussions because you do n't like it is not the proper move . 
  that is a dangerous thing , because they will end up banning people who do n't have such thoughts but because they are criticial of certain things such as immigration will get banned anyways , using said rule to justify it . 
  ( you know who you are ! ), 
  that is the same as saying we should blame all muslims for the terrorist acts of a few extremists . 
  how can you defend harassing the majority of people because a small amount of users are abusing the system ? 
  its simple wrong and unprofessional . 
  because the megathreads were for single occurances , not for something which will always be extremely relevant for europe . 
  thats like putting up a `` economy '' megathread . 
  its just an insult for any regulars browsing this subreddit who wish to talk about immigration . 
  why ca n't they use filters ? 
  much more user friendly and it makes you feel your opinion is somewhat appreciated . 
  indeed which is why they should use filters and not this mess of a megathread . 
  then how do they talk about it ? 
  so everyone who posts here against having their experience on this subreddit ruined is suddenly a brigader ? 
  that is by defininition bigotry . 
  you are now the same as those very same people you seem to hate , puting the blame of a minority on a majority . 
  research ? 
  half of the posts in this thread are already burried and needs you to unfold all of it . 
  note that those could be important events regarding this issue . 
  hence how that would qualify as a form of censorship by the mods . 
  as i said earlier , paranoia is a thing . 
  either put some proof where you mouth is or accept that not everyone adheres to your political agenda . 
  just a childish strawman to call people bad names because they do n't agree with you . 
  shame on you . 
  then you should avoid this megathread . 
  please explain , do regulars have some kind of magic which allows them to have normal posts ? 
  this megathread is one big censorship and a big insult to any regulars . 
  you do realise not everyone who is against immigration is part of those subreddits ? 
  in fact with 400.000 subscribers its a safe assumption that this measure is mostly hitting the decent people who are against immigration . 
  sacrifice the many for the few ? 
  is that really justifiable ? 
  you should recheck your numbers , if only they were so pretty . 
  my dog ( english bull terrier ) would n't appreciate that . 
  i 'll be sure to get them as well . 
  tried to use a few with peanut butter but he avoids them , its a clever mouse it seems . 
  again see the other posts explaining how it is indeed a light form of censorship . 
  as for the coding , ca n't they ask friendly the guys from / r/worldnews ? 
  i sure hope not , and recent events make me believe we may actually see countries leaving the european union . 
  a mouse in my house , he totally avoids the mousetraps while just sitting in the middle of the room taunting us . 
  time for poison . 
  dank memes definately help convincing others that you are right . 
  plenty of posts in this thread explaining how it works , if you are unable to understand how this could lead to a form of censorship . 
  as opposed to a system of say filters . 
  and how does filters change that exactly ? 
  besides making this subreddit more enjoyable for those who do wish to talk about immigration in a reasonable way ? 
  `` the young men should have attempted to rape a 19-year-old . '', 
  google translate is a curious thing . 
  well , you better not search how volkswagen came to be with such a comment . 
  this is the best solution really , that will at least mean that your opinion is taken somewhat seriously and not hidden away in a place no one is going to talk about the subject really . 
  much better then this megathread which as mentioned serves a minor censorship role . 
  because normal people who are now speaking against immigration are trown in the same group as extremists , censorship such as this do n't just hit the brigaders but normal people as well . 
  again if you do n't like the criticism on immigration to begin with i can see how you do n't have problems with limiting the discussion on it . 
  so you are saying that the supposed people who brigade vastly outnumber this sub ? 
  or could it be even remotely possible that some people do have some problems regarding immigration ? 
  or must there always be some kind of dark conspiracy behind it ? 
  paranoia is a thing . 
  this essentially . 
  vote system allows subreddits to have the posts which are most relevant up in top , the very essence of megathreads seem to be censoring subjects which some people may not enjoy talking about .
