  no secret that he was one of the biggest censoring parties before the policy changes . 
  i 've heard stories of american agencies posting ways to create bombs which kills the creator , any truth behind that ? 
  how much is given for murder in denmark ? 
  punishment proportions tends to be on the insane side in europe . 
  you are fooling yourself if you honestly believe those refugees have any intention on ever going back , in fact this is the first mention i 've read on it . 
  so she was part of a terrorist organisation ? 
  suddenly the thread title seems to imply something else . 
  have to agree , adding more mods is pointless if they are n't qualified . 
  some of their posts really are worrisome . 
  there is a word for that , confirmation bias . 
  yet the real consorship was applied by the left before this thread . 
  ironic really . 
  feel free to create your own europe subreddit if you are not happy with the current one . 
  sounds harsh ? 
  that is what we got to hear constantly in the megathread . 
  what kind of shit ? 
  that is why many people , including me , were suggesting that those who went to syria to fight should be denied acces back . 
  something like this was bound to happen . 
  that meme requires a joke sir . 
  maybe time to dust off that old batavian flag again . 
  they were facing tanks without anything to fight it . 
  also air support was apparantly refused to engage . 
  tough position to be in . 
  he probably means that dutch-german relations were not really that bad before they invaded us . 
  in fact during wwi i believe the netherlands was a bit pro-german . 
  ( probably because of british actions against the boer states ), 
  how was he an ass ? 
  i thought he invested a lot of money in the south and helped the industry ? 
  only thing i still wonder if is our current king descends from william of orange . 
  did n't our royals refuse to take a dna test ? 
  neglecting our army which went very bad on two occasions . 
  we have a year called `` disaster year '' where the french , english and some german states invaded and we had no strong army to speak of because certain people did n't think it was necesarry . 
  also before wwii our army was extremely neglected , when the germans invaded it was of wwi quality in terms of performance . 
  funilly enough we can see the same neglect today ( soldiers do n't have enough bullets to practice so they shout `` pang pang '' . . ) . 
  sounds about right , their days of glory were long since past . 
  spartans refused to enter the makedonian led alliance against persia when the father of alexander offered . 
  as they would only accept if they get to lead it . 
  was n't the ak line inspired by the stg44 ? 
  french cars pretty much suck though . 
  there was a meta thread about the megathread and he banned the guy who posted it , the guy with the highest votes there ( me ) and deleted the thread . 
  then someone else made a meta thread about meta threads and was also banned and some others as well . 
  turned out on irc that he was drunk and was also fighting against other mods . 
  he did n't lose his position at the time for some reason . 
  at that point it seems reasonable behavior to defend yourself if official authorities have failed time and time again to defend you . 
  not really , that is me comparing the level of crazyness of your theories with other similar ones . 
  not sure if there is a grand list of conspiracy theories but i definately think we can add this one to the list . 
  maybe we can tie it to the hidden nazi base in antartica . 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm or not . 
  you are looking at accounts to find a way to discredit people , all in a attempt to confirm the bias of your opinion of them . 
  ad hominem attacks are seen in almost all your posts towards people . 
  obviously , we who oppose certain things such as mass immigrations are part of an evil organisation out to destroy the world . 
  he sure is , first thing he does when he sees a post he disagrees with is checking the posting history . 
  quite sad , i 'm pretty sure he might think brigaders caused 9/11 . 
  really , why are n't you guys changing back your flag to that ? 
  it looks much more impressive and unique . 
  sounds good , would also appreciate provincial flag flairs to go with them . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  just want to make sure that criticising islam is n't going to get me banned . 
  because there are some parts of that religion worth criticising , more so than some other religions . 
  you really are a paranoid one are n't you ? 
  [ they were n't playing fair !, 
  ] ( http://spi2uk.itvnet.lv/upload2/articles/73/739419/images/_origin_schwerer-gustav--2.jpg ), 
  how about religion ? 
  he is the mod which got drunk and starting banning people and closing down the sub , seems the logical outcome has occured . 
  just part of their culture , if they wish to do so i do n't see why not . 
  just not in my country . 
  there are much worse things happening in some parts of the world . 
  it were people like you ruining this community by calling everyone who disagrees with the huge amounts of immigration racists . 
  you are in fact discriminating against certain political views . 
  excellent , awesome news !, 
  this was much needed as things were really getting out of hand and i feel a lot of power was abused . 
  here 's to a better future for / r/europe . 
  you can have wallonia , we rather take french flanders where dutch speakers live . 
  using the prinsenvlag ofcourse . 
  yes it is true , study by muller shows that red , white and blue were mentioned in 15th century . 
  red representing county of holland and the white and blue representing the von wittelsbach familly from bavaria which ruled holland at the time . 
  during the revolution against spain some changed the red for orange because of faith in william of orange . 
  dutch wikipedia in the past did not have acces to this information but it does now , check it out . 
  figured as much , some actually believe it though :p . 
  studies have shown that theory to be false . 
  some other countries use a similar figure called krampus which is a black demon . 
  ours evolved into black pete to bring joy and fun for children . 
  sinterklaas can be connected to wodan/odin and was copied into santa clause . 
  entire ordeal can probably also be linked to the wild hunt . 
  however a black figure keeps coming back . 
  why is that racist ? 
  if immigrants fly a foreign flag to show everyone their history is n't that exactly the same ? 
  seems to be soaking with political correctness . 
  and let me gues , foreign flags are ok ? 
  seen similar cases here but not quite as extreme . 
  why do you think carrots are orange ? 
  because the dutch deemed it so . 
  flying the english flag in england makes you a racist ? 
  we were first though with our original color scheme !, 
  french and russians kind of ruined it by taking the same colors . 
  tastes amazing , but not sure we actually have a national dish ? 
  was talking terminology . 
  netherlands and belgium basicly describe the same area in terms of description . 
  and french always had a interest in the north , we 'll just flood the lands again !, 
  yes .
