  returns us to the question whether such denial should deserve such punishment . 
  the call for violence should be punished however the denial itself i 'd say is rather backward to punish her for . 
  such a waste , from a history of pioneers trying to find a northern route to a nucleair wastepile . 
  it is french you mean ? 
  french flanders is also looking quite good . 
  it most definately is relevant as it has directly influenced the increased surge in refugees coming here . 
  and walls are appearing everywhere as well , interesting comparison . 
  and this is why khadaffi and hussein should n't have been removed from power . 
  look at the shit going on because they have been removed . 
  islamists and fundamentalists are now free to do as they please . 
  this so much . 
  a zero tolerance viewpoint is needed to stop the incoming wave of refugees . 
  once they realise that it is pointless to try to come here they will stop coming . 
  housing them and giving them free money just works as a contributing factor in the amount of refugees coming here . 
  creating a climate where such extremism is growing . 
  -1 stability . 
  i can image employers not appreciating any critical talk about the refugee crisis as it could hurt public image . 
  though honestly it is madness . 
  as it should be . 
  these people are a danger to society . 
  other countries should take an example to denmark !, 
  is this some kind of bad joke ? 
  how is that not a crime ? 
  political correctness is taken to extreme levels here . 
  maybe that is like cheating though . 
  because they are simply the bridge rather than the destination ? 
  please message me privately if you are still banned . 
  sly has a history of abusing power . 
  will the data be made public ? 
  mods got triggered . 
  flair checks out . 
  no , if you were to call me a nazi because if i were to oppose immigration it would be an attempt to attack the freedom of speech by making false accusations with negative associations . 
  you seem to be misunderstanding it . 
  racism is against a person , not a religion . 
  if i am criticising christianity am i also a racist according to you ? 
  criticism of a religion has nothing to do with race . 
  it is n't a matter of intepretation , it is a matter of fact . 
  we are talking about facts . 
  calling people racist when they are n't is a tool used widely by some extreme people to discredit others . 
  that is why terminology matters and why you are indeed wrong . 
  criticising a religion is n't racism , implying that it is essentially means you are alienating people from the discussion . 
  essentially you are accusing people of false things in order to try to invalidate their opinion . 
  not sure how much clearer i can put it . 
  no , no it is n't . 
  calling anyone who dares to criticise a religion racist leads to dangerous things where free speech is at danger because of false labels . 
  read up on the definition of racism , people like you are the reason the word has lost its meaning . 
  shouting words without understanding what they are shouting . 
  being critical of a religion has nothing to do with racism though . 
  we can see the same in chile . 
  in fact their army is still modelled in the prussian style , and i believe the last army in doing so . 
  then god should not have created dogs . 
  accept all his creations . 
  you should watch the last samurai to get a rough idea . 
  interesting parallel being that dragons in the got universe are basicly weapons of mass destruction . 
  this so much , and if you try to prevent this from happening you are essentially signing your political suicide . 
  rather take a dragon , allows you to take any throne you want . 
  i believe the descendent of the last french monarch still has honorary titles in france . 
  what makes you think they are not amongst us ? 
  santa clause is odin is disguise , and i 'm not even joking . 
  or a mars settlement , they found water there a week ago right ? 
  settlement of other planets is inevitable if humanity wishes to escape extinction . 
  we already have the technology right ? 
  lets not create weyland-yutani companies , better keep companies without owning large parts of land . 
  the idea is for them to return . 
  however i 'm a realist and they wont return . 
  lets assume that things slow down and people can go back , i can already predict the shitstorm `` but they already lived here for a few years , you ca n't send them back ! '' . 
  also that is not taking into mind laws of the country where after x number of years you become a citizen . 
  really bad when you also take into a account only 20 % of the refugees being syrian and how many safe countries were passed . 
  they came here for money and it seems they found it . 
  does n't it already violate that neutrality by being part of the european union ? 
  wait , austria is not part of the nato ? 
  why is that ? 
  random countries mostly , there are some countries which i consider having more in common with ( belgium and germany mostly ) but other than that i do n't get any family feelings from most countries which are part of the union . 
  alcohol does n't spoil though , maybe he just never wanted to buy alcohol again ? 
  fight putin , join the european empire !, 
  i pass . 
  i believe our government has stated they will wait for the result before they sign . 
  i 'm not completely sure though . 
  so what is the alternative if you want harsher policies ? 
  pvv is basicly the only option . 
  even if they wont get into parliament their size will force policy changes , so its still worthwhile to vote for them . 
  refugees want to come here because of the wellfare state and better living conditions . 
  wrong . 
  the problems identified by fortuyn are still around . 
  its horrible really , all that changed is that it has become somewhat more accepted to talk about such issues . 
  indeed , lets abolish elections while we are at it . 
  damned people and their opinions . 
  are n't wolves a protected species internationally ? 
  seeding the problems of tomorrow . 
  you 'd figure letting people experience your culture and values is supposed to be a positive thing . 
  protestants can into rebellion !, 
  there is a popular theory that russia took the colors based on the dutch flag . 
  the tsar at the time being very impressed with the advanced dutch republic . 
  as expected . 
  anyone really believed otherwise ? 
  they could just buy diplomas everywhere . 
  i 've read that many italians refer to that book for recipes and learning how to cook . 
  if true that means it must be the holy grail of cooking . 
  is n't there this italian cook book `` silver spoon '' ? 
  definately planning on picking that up in the future .
