it gives them attention , but i 'm not sure it gives them influence . 
  remember how juncker was chosen despite uk not wanting him . 
  i think this could be a case of cry wolf enough times and sooner or later the others will just ignore you . 
  a bit like the gibraltar situation and how it 's citizens wants to belong to uk and not spain and spain having sour grapes about it ? 
  i found the article interesting , and also troubling . 
  i think it 's safe to say that turkey is quite far away from joining the european union . . 
  i do n't agree with the part of the article that claimed that mr bildts 8 year tenure har meant an increase in sweden 's defense budget . 
  but i sure will miss him as foreign minister , as the article mentions , he calls a spade a spade and i 'm afraid we will see a more low key approach to forreign affairs now . 
  may 30 2014 : [ russia has withdrawn most troops from ukraine border , hagel says ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/russia-has-withdrawn-most-troops-from-ukraine-border-hagel-says/2014/05/29/314b4962-e7a6-11e3-afc6-a1dd9407abcf_story.html ), 
  and some trams . 
  they can get ours !, 
  well suited for the russian climate , they do n't break down in cold/snow and they do n't fall apart from rust at all !, 
  i would like to start with saying that i have not watched the video ( since someone else got that question ) . 
  frankly , i did not want to , it reeks of conspiracy theory and other loony ideas . 
  what i would like to say is that before the election there where several reports about how polling would turn out incorrectly , because polling institutes have a lot of knowledge on general elections and know how to weigh their answers to get a fairly ok estimate of how elections would go . 
  but they also stressed how much harder it is to poll individual questions like these because there is no previous experience to build on ( well , scotland keeps voting on this issue from time to time , so they might build up experience over the years ) . 
  but by all means , do n't let things like this stop tinfoil sales . 
  to summarize . 
  there was no problem . 
  it only appeared as a problem during the count , depending on what order the districts in the municipality is counted . 
  because they create a catch all district where late advance votes gets temporarilly assigned . 
  so when it 's all counted through , it will add up , but during the process , depending on the order districts are counted , the numbers may appear odd . 
  apparently this is something the election authorities seemed well aware of , but the people doing the counting seemed less aware . 
  so much ado about nothing . 
  paper . 
   ( better point it out , i am aware it 's electoral fraud ) . 
  then you are more aware than anyone else , since no mention of fraud was mentioned in the article and they are currently trying to figure out where the summing error comes from . 
  no plans for re-election discussed in the article . 
  the question was if there could be a re-election if the summing error remains and the answer was that first the summing error needs to be figured out , and if there should be a re-election is up to the election authority . 
  worth keeping in mind is that the vote counting is n't finished yet . 
  norway to the rescue !, 
  my bad !, 
  i thought sweden was n't depicted there . 
  and yes , that 's what we look like . 
  yeah . . for the sake of the union sweden kept out of the euro . 
  being depicted on your coins next to finland , there would have been no end to the innuendos and mocking . . 
  is \u00c5land still a separatist movement ? 
  they stopped wanting to join sweden after , eh , lets not get into that again ( sorry ! ), 
  but maybe they want independence ? 
  the problem with such experiments is that they do not replicate a real world scenario because no experiment will ever be meant to run on forever . 
  if people know this is a experiment that only lasts a few years , they might treat it as a nice fall back in case something goes wrong , but it does not replicate the situation where you know you 're supported for the rest of your life so you can just kick back and not worry ever again . 
  so the results will not show the true potential outcome of basic income . 
   the crisis broke out because of the frivolous dergulations by the centre-right government of carl bildt , and was cleaned up by social democrats , leaving a stable and sound economy for the centre-right government we 've had through the current crisis . 
  i would recommend that you read up on what actually caused our banking crisis in the early 90s . 
  the failed deregulation from the left in the 80s had nothing to do with it , not at alll [ swedish wiki link ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/novemberrevolutionen_%28sverige%29 ) but the left has kept blaming the right for the problem , trying to re-write the past . 
  truth is that the former primie minister ingvar carlsson actually resigned beccause of the problem even before the center right came into power . 
  he retook the job because there where no other parliament options available until the next election that the center right won . 
  i disagree with you on the current politics , but that 's politics . 
  lets stick to the problem of you re-writing history . 
  very cute video . 
  the problem with this article is that it does n't mention that alternative 1 and 2 would be similar to alternative 3 in so far that none of those alternative look like they 'll have 175 seats in our 349 seat parliament . 
  so the red/green would also `` rely '' on getting outside support , from either the right or from sd . 
  ( they also avoid mentioning that s votes with alliansen quite often , and that alliansen knows about the parliament situation and only puts forward suggestions they feel have a fighting chance to get support by the parliament , hence the `` support '' . ), 
  not sure why they do not have alternative 6 , alliansen + mp ( very unlikely to happen , but so is alternative 4 and 5 ) . 
  out of curiosity , what does information about how `` journalists '' with strong ties to the militant left getting hold of an online database have anything to do with the state of swedish legislation ? 
  and if you read the changes to the law rather than the hate spewing racist propaganda site , you would see that they are not changing what is and is n't legal , they are just getting the legislation updated to our time and age making it easier to process slander cases in online environments . 
  but by all means , jump on the bandwagon . 
   but the gaps between rich and poor is getting bigger and bigger . 
  actually it 's not . 
  if we actually care about the truth . 
  the gini coefficient has mostly been stable between 2006-2012 ( everyone that mentions the gini is talking about how we are increasing a lot since the 90s ignoring that the rapid changes took place between 2002-2006 when we had a left government ) . 
  just to clarify to anyone reading . 
  the anti-fascist protests taking place ( well , riots basically ) was people protesting another party , called svenskarnas parti ( the swedes party ) , a neo nazi ( and yes , these guys are textbook nazis ) party that managed to gather some 600 votes in the 2010 election . 
  what did they object to regarding polish workers ? 
  i have n't seen anything like that . 
  sure , they want to leave the eu , but have n't seen anything against working foreigners ? 
  23 october 2013 last updated at 12:12 bst, 
  it was n't the case when i was working in denmark a few weeks in 2011 . 
  welcome to today . . , 
  yes , i know , and they seem to accept visa and mastercard these days too . 
  not sure what to complain about denmark anymore . . 
  it 's too flat !, 
  try to fix that . 
  get the hell in !, 
  it 's 3 pm on saturdays and 7 or 8 pm in the evenings !, 
  ( not that it makes any difference ) i dislike it just as much as i dislike danish grocery stores being closed on sundays . 
  has he expressed what kind of timeline would be more realistic for him ? 
  are we talking a few weeks , or are we talking after the cold winter has ended ? 
  say what ? 
  monthly pre income tax ( but post the social security fee the employer pays for you here ) . 
  we never really talk about yearly income apart from when filling out surveys and then we always have to think and be like `` ok , i make that much , i 'll just multiply by 12 then '' . 
  i guess the surveys are done like that to make it easier to compare to the rest of the world . 
  that 's sealandj\u00e4vel to you !, 
  nah , i 'll just move to the summer house and belong to the swedish empire again . 
  sealandsj\u00e4vlar just does n't roll off the tounge quite the same way . . 
  i was kicked out of it though !, 
   in sweden there 's hardly any backlash to immigration . 
  so you think it would be better if there was a backlash to immigration in sweden ? 
  is that what you are saying when you say he had a valid point and quoted that ? 
  i thought crash was an interesting choice of words . 
  it sounds so accidental . 
  yes , indeed . 
  while i agree to a certain degree , the checks also help keep the main part of the population honest . 
  you do n't have speed cameras to capture speeders , you have them to get people to drive at the correct speed . 
  the same way that one has to send in a tax report once per year and a few people are inspected , this is to keep the majority somewhat honest . 
  well , there is no denying that happens and that more could be done to make sure welfare is well spent . 
  however , the political climate is not what it was 8 years ago , it is not politically ok to introduce harder checks and balances on welfare now . 
  well , i assume one requirement to get swedish benefits is to actually be in sweden , something they prefer not to be because of access to drugs and alcohol . 
  if they had had a pension they would be able to get that while in spain , but you do n't get welfare support while not home . 
  i admit not being fully up to speed with all requirements though .
