  i was about to say that you forgot your / s and then i checked your posting history and realised that no , you really meant that . 
  we have [ cray fish parties ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crayfish_party ) this time of the year . 
  in fact , i 'm currently nursing a small hangover from last night when the office had one such party . 
   the main religion in norway is catholicism . 
  some quality research done here . 
  not sure if this is relevant , but we have a small patient fee ( 10-15 euro maybe ) on our doctor visits here in sweden . 
  i read something someone had posted on / r/europe recently about how that helped keep trivial stuff away from the doctors and how that was very efficient and good . 
  however , i ca n't find that article now , and i 'm not sure if that is relevant to the australian situation , so i guess you can take this post with a grain of salt . 
  any chance they can get that billion back from wto for the trade sanctions that are against the rules ? 
  smart pr , i like it . 
  i do n't think you understood the article . 
  even though it 's a bank reporting in , it 's reporting the state of the finnish economy . 
  here be dragons . 
  would n't it be belarus that would be slapped in that case ? 
  they would be the ones in serbias position rather than poland . 
  clearly you did n't watch last years eurovision . 
  we knew about the milk . 
  i thought the dutch way was just to build more land mass ? 
  i can only speak for myself and for the people i know and discuss this with . 
  but i do n't know anyone that particullary dislike the russian people ( well , everyone has nutcases , we especially ) but i feel sorry for the russian population , for the crime being committed against them on an unprecedented scale , the modern equivivalent of the robber baron stealing everything from what could have been a prosperous european country . 
  but it seems that was n't enough for herr putin . 
  hehe , i feel i must mention what we call [ snappsvisor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapsvisa ) and we have many and they are common during midsummer , crayfish parties and in student circles . 
  one example ( that i got to think of after your post ) is what we call finnish snappsvisa that goes `` not now . 
  but now . '', 
  ( and then you drink ) . 
  then we have the short version of that one that goes `` now . '', 
  if you are at a party and you 're asked to lead the party into one of these they are a great fall back , when you start getting drunk and forget the more complicated ones . 
  we already tried a similar thing in the north . 
  it was called [ royal league ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_league ) and it was cancelled because no one wanted to buy the tv-rights and the audience where n't interested in watching it . 
  on your list for the nordics i would only be somewhat interested if my ( swedish ) team where to meet br\u00f6ndby , copenhagen or rosenborg really , other than those it 's just an away trip that 's longer for a team less appealing than the other teams in the swedish league , because those you have a relationship with / against . 
  if you understand what i mean ? 
  agreed . 
  we had a nutty member of our parliament asking for an investigation regarding chemtrails . 
  sure , it 's a waste of a seat that could have gone to someone , eh , less nutty , but in the grand scheme of things mostly harmless . 
  as long as they do n't get to influence the party line with regards to how they will vote and so on . 
  hungary always ending up on the wrong side when it comes to conflicts . 
  thanks !, 
  although pepper and honey does sound a bit scary . 
  here in sweden there are some available from systembolaget , but they all require that one orders ahead , so it 's not available in the stores . 
  ukrainians , would one go with medoff , mernaya or nemiroff ? 
  any portuguese people to weigh in ? 
  it sounds a bit fishy to me really . 
  or is he extremly competent and a big asset to the bank ? 
  would it be possible to lease a car in sweden for swedish prices ? 
  or would that be against the rules ? 
  i assume you 're not allowed to buy them in sweden and keep them indefinitely in denmark , but maybe for a few months at a time ? 
  or maybe it 's more appealing with german prices in that case . 
  speaking of chamberlain , the former social democratic prime minister g\u00f6ran persson referred to putin as herr putin in an interview in the papers today . 
  i actually found that to be a nice touch . 
  here in sweden i would say there is no one using germany as a reason for doing or not doing anything with regards to interior politics . 
  maybe that 's because we do not belong to the euro zone . 
  sometimes they get brought up as an example with regards to their low youth unemployment , but few seem to really want to go that way with low wages and all that , so nothing really happens . 
  sweden here . 
  we do not get a broadcast of your state of the union or similar . 
  sometimes what different foreign leaders have said gets shown for a few seconds in a newsreport when they talk about what was said and it 's impact . 
  or , in case of special events ( attacks , invasions and so forth ) where the entire programming gets thrown out and they have a studio talking for the entire day , then they will most often show any and all speeches made just to fill the news void . 
  luckily these things does n't happen that often . 
  we do n't have an organized event like that ( like the state of the union ) ourselves that cuts into regular programing . 
  debates in the parliament are often aired on our public channels , but that 's during daytime and have few viewers ( and even fewer politicians attending ) . 
  we do have the occassional tv aired debate , mostly around election time . 
  we have an [ annual political week ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almedalen_week ) taking place on the island of gotland in the baltic sea , where most political interests and parties gather up and the leader of each party holds a speech each day . 
  i think these might be televised ( or if nothing else analyzed in the news afterwards ) . 
  we also get a annual speech at christmas from our king , but since he lacks any power it 's usually about how important it is to work together , be tolerant and so on . 
  actually , come to think of it . 
  the prime minister also holds a annual speech around christmas . 
  not sure if that is televised , i always have too much stuff going around at that time of the year . 
  yeah , it was a bit short really . . 
  that 's what happened in sweden . 
  that 's how you get russia to stop adoptions to your country . 
  so i take it russia officially has a really bad year for their accidental deaths while training statistics ? 
  it 's a region in the south of sweden that we got from denmark in a peace settlement in the 17th century . 
  he means drop the program , as in , stop developing . 
  not actually drop them on an enemy . 
  most likely that article 5 does not cover us either way and that we can not expect help , but if help does arrive we do n't have to treat them as an invading force ? 
  not the ideal choice in my opinion , if we want to take a firm stand against russia . 
  [ financial times ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/97311838-2dd3-11e4-b330-00144feabdc0.html ) is n't thrilled about it either thinking it 's a compromise and not what europe needs right now . 
  this might not really contribute that much to the conversation , but ostpolitik in swedish means cheese politics . 
  which obviously is serious business . 
  so threatening people is ok with you ? 
  because , well , you 've only said things , and free speech man !, 
  even the us forbids some kind of [ threats ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/threat ) . 
  you do know that specific people were depicted ( as in could be identified on the photos ) with a noose around their necks ? 
  you do n't think that is going to scare the living shit out of that person ? 
  what is stopping you from investing in renewable energy while starting up the existing nuclear plants ( you do n't have to rebuild them from scratch ) and have them running until the renewable options cover your coal and gas needs ? 
  but if you have managed to not increase your coal and gas use since shutting down the plants i will not complain , then i am impressed . 
  i would recommend holding on to the waste while waiting for 4th generation reactors to become a real thing . 
  til that i need to visit latvia !, 
  i personally would not work for that in sweden . 
  well , unless starving and all that . 
  personally i wish sweden would join , not so much for our sake but to help ensure the integrity of the baltic countries if russia should get overly ambitious ( and nato forgets article 5 since well , they are the new guys ) , the same way that sweden , denmark and finland was pushing hard in the 90s to make the eu let you guys join . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.icmresearch.com/media-centre/press/isis-poll-for-rossiya-segodnya ) is a link to the poll page and [ here is the pdf result ] ( http://www.icmresearch.com/data/media/pdf/new%20eu%20members-combined-july%202014-v3.pdf ) . 
  not sure what to make of this . 
  i thought icm was a reputable company , but i ca n't get my head around the result . 
  having nuclear plants near borders is great for building nice relationships with neighbours . 
  we had one in sight of copenhagen . 
  the danes really loved that one before we shut it down . 
  yes , of course it will be russia , since germany seems to have gone all in when it comes to buying energy from there . 
  but there are alternatives as you mention . 
  dear germany . 
  start up your nuclear plants again , you are not fukushima , coal is bad and russia is not to be relied upon .
