  i 'm going to spain in a few weeks and i seem to recall netflix not working at all there unless through proxy . 
  thanks !, 
  um , good thing i 'm not an archeologist , or a lot of archeology would end up on the trash pile . . 
  sadly no photo of the dragon 's head and instead we get a inaccurate picture of a horned helmed viking . 
  oh well , why not some stereotyping ? 
  i thought you would say the 6-5 victory against them in the world cup 2003 . . 
  i think i would have gone with the coronation of vasa in 1523 in so far as shaping us into a uniform country ( through dictarship ) ending the kalmar union . 
  i 'm copy / pasting parts of a reply i wrote to a similar article about this from a few days ago . 
  historically we 've always tried to help people defecting from radical organizations ( such as neo nazi groups and so on ) to get back into a normal life away from the radical circles they have been in . 
  people have normally been fine with that . 
  is n't there some merit in thinking this way now too ? 
  please note that helping people de-radicalize is n't the same thing as forgiving crimes comitted . 
  once the international organizations can get some control of what 's actually been going on down there , even sweden will want to prosecute people that have comitted war crimes . 
  those are two separate issues . 
  ( the reason i mention international organizations is that i assume it 's hard for us as a country ( compared to what the world can do together ) to get witness reports of what 's been going on down there and so on . 
  currently we 've only been able to go after a person that was stupid enough to post videos on social medias about him torturing someone else and sadly we can not rely on all of them of being that smart ), 
  some information for those interested in this beyond `` sweden yes ! '' . 
  they have since this was published backed on the disolve companies part , he was basing that on how norway implemented this a few years ago , but have now realised that is not going to fly here . 
  plus this is just for show , they do not have support in the parliament for legislation like this , so it 's all about appearing to do something . 
  well , i said international organizations and had not specified the icc . 
  but they are the ones that handles war crimes , so why not ? 
  look at it this way . 
  sure , we could just go about our business , and prosecute whatever we find ( which basically is people that are too stupid for their own good posting videos online of them comitting crimes ) , or , we can have the international organizations look into the stories coming out of syria and iraq ( like they did with the war crimes from the balkan war ) . 
  i just think we have a higher chance to get more war crimes prosecuted that way . 
  not to mention how norwegians are none eu immigrants . .  ( even though i suspect they do n't really count as such in this context as we have similar agreements about free movement with them ), 
  i think we might almost have as many jokes about people working in the public sector that we have about norwegians , and that 's saying something . 
  / greetings from the private sector in sweden . . 
  ok , i 'll brave the downvotes and just put the question out there . 
  historically we 've always tried to help people defecting from radical organizations ( such as neo nazi groups and so on ) to get back into a normal life away from the radical circles they have been in . 
  people have normally been fine with that . 
  is n't there some merit in thinking this way now too ? 
  please note that helping people de-radicalize is n't the same thing as forgiving crimes comitted . 
  once the international organizations can get control of what 's actually been going on down there , even sweden will want to prosecute people that have comitted war crimes . 
  those are two separate issues . 
  ( edit : changed a word that might have given quite the wrong meaning . . ), 
  wow , that was hostile . 
  all i 'm saying is that it can happen that people sometimes vote based on other things than economy sadly enough . 
  because sooner or later you can get in a position when you are too well off and people do n't worry about finances anymore . 
  case in point , sweden , where exit polls in our september election ( 2014 ) showed that people thought the then sitting government had done an excellent job with the finances and that they would be best suited to handle the economics , and yet they got ousted . 
  this is the first i hear about this , so i have n't thought through everything and looked into it more yet ( end of disclaimer ) but i find this troubling , as he has been ( especially with his 8 years as our minister for foreign affairs 2006-2014 ) a very strong voice against russias expansionism , and has continued to be one after resigning . 
  now this might not be the case anymore then . 
  they could have mentioned that we import garbage from them that they do n't take care of themselves . 
  so we 're just giving back the end result ( minus the energy we took ) !, 
  yes , mountain ranges and lakes are excellent places to house people on ? 
  i googled and you seem to have some mobile pay system from danske bank in finland , but it does n't seem as widespread as in denmark and sweden . 
  here you would be able to just enter the phone number and 20 cent into your app on your phone ( in sweden all banks use a system / app called swish ) and the other person has them right away . 
  there was a tv documentary of sorts called churchills bodyguard that told stories from his life through the eyes of his bodyguard . 
  but he was of course not part of the interesting things he experienced in the boer war and so on , but it gives some interesting stories at least . 
  i think the original claim was :  if you are against anything immigration related , you are immediately branded a neo-nazi racist looking to kill all the immigrants . 
  to which you answer  so why are you pretending society here does n't brand you an sd if you speak out against immigration ? 
  not sure if you create a straw man or if you claim that sd are neo-nazi ? 
  good thing they did n't give it to russia , they could have seen it as casus belli and invaded , since the island is so strategically located . 
  well , it 's an island , getting food there is a pain . 
  that sounds more like self sensorship to me . 
  but i apologize , did not mean to insult . 
   milder forms of information control have been instituted directly by the government , such as ban on collecting certain statistical data relating to immigration . 
  is this a reference to pul ( personuppgiftslagen ) that says what kind of registers organisations are allowed to have where in 13 \u00a7 goes into how you should not store ethnicity ? 
  because then in 14-19 \u00a7 \u00a7 it goes into the exceptions where it basically says that scientists can store and use that data if it 's necessary given the damage to personal integrity it could cause . 
  but yes , your average membership rota is not allowed to store information about ethnicity . 
  most newspapers here are liberal . 
  sure , more journalists lean left and green , but if you look at the journalists reporting on politics it 's suddenly the moderate party in the lead . 
  but you are correct about papers not publishing everything . 
  normally you do n't publish information about individuals that can help identify them as to minimize the harm done to them and their family . 
  i guess this is the thing people have problem with as they want to have as much information as possible . 
  there is no censoring of the media . 
  do you even know what that word means ? 
  it means that the state has to pre-approve the things before it 's printed . 
  we have no such thing going on . 
  wow , that wiki article was really bad . 
  i give you this as an example  in december 2010 , the ruling centre-right alliance was heavily criticized when they implemented a law that required that all new public service products needed to be pre-approved by the government before they could be approved . 
  mats svegfors , the ceo of the swedish public service radio channels called this `` unconstitutional '' can anyone care to guess why that law was passed ? 
  to protect commercial interest , to force our public media to get new services they try to bring out approved before they bring them out to not cause unfair competition with commercial alternatives . 
  recently this law has been in focus after the swedish television created a website aimed at specific youth groups because it had n't passed this pre-check and it is in direct competiion with an existing commercial website . 
  but it 's all of course a big cover up . 
  oh please . 
  [ wiki-link to saltsj\u00f6badsavtalet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saltsj%c3%b6baden_agreement ), 
  i thoguht your claim was that 100 % of the assult rapes were done by immigrants ? 
   same thing in norway . 
  in 2014 , 100 % of all assault rapes were perpetrated by immigrants . 
  this statistic came directly from the norwegian police , too . 
  i 'm not trying to prove anything , i was asking if it took the same kind of creative statistics reading that it took when people made those claims in 2011 . 
  thanks for your downvote !, 
  is that the same kind of statistics that were used to make the same claim in 2011 ? 
  well , until someone actually looked into it that is . 
   in may 2011 , the police published the report `` rape in the global city . '', 
  of the 189 reported rapes were 21 assault rapes . 
  only five of the 21 assault inflicted ones were solved , and these were committed by persons with non-western backgrounds . 
  two of the five had psychiatric diagnoses . 
  in the 16 cases that were not solved , a majority of victims describes the perpetrators as ethnic norwegian . 
  please note that this article is in regards to a photo that has been floating around and has nothing to do with the actual hunt for a submarine that the navy did . 
  they are still convinced that was a submarine . 
  russian media has tried to tie these two stories together to muddle the waters , pun not intended . 
  i did n't know that nbcnews was in the business of doing the same . 
   by the way , the swedish immigration acency has done a clear job in the apartment market - young ethnic swedes ca n't leave their parents ' homes because there 's nowhere to move . 
  but that 's not important at the moment , because peevish asylum seekers are prioritised and put to new apartments and after that they 're followed by women , children , uncles , aunts , etc. 
  i present you the eu data [ in a pdf document ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6783798/1-16042015-ap-en.pdf/5d120b02-c8df-4181-9b27-2fe9ca3c9b6b ) about when kids leave their parents home . 
  in sweden , they are ( on average ) aged 19.6 , estonia 24.3 , eu average is 26.1 . 
  yes , those poor swedish kids having a hard time moving out of their parents home compared to the rest of europe . 
  oh , and btw , no other country had such a low age as sweden . 
   you 'd get sentenced by the court even when you try to call a rioting group in the bus to order and in midst of rage a phrase would slip from your lips : `` damn muslims ! '' .
