  plus here the publishers tend to price the ebook version same as the hardcover one , so that will not drive sales . . 
  especially when in sweden ebooks are taxed at 25 % while physical books are taxed at 6 % , because the laws and regulations are outdated . 
  but yes , we are different from the us , we are several different cultures spread out over a small area . 
  and it might be that we are less prone to risks because of our ( general ) higher level of safety nets . 
  i do n't know , but this is getting long winded now , so i better stop . 
   i do n't think people look back and consider them to be as evil as hitler . 
  i 've listened to dan carlin 's hardcore history podcast regarding ww1 , and he claims that kaiser willhelms reputation is saved by the fact that the austrian corporal comes by later to set a new standard for bad reputation . 
  they quickly got world opinion against them when news report came from what they did in belgium . 
  but it 's an interesting theory . 
  with a victorious germany they likely would n't have been as radical in the 20s and 30s , and , well , still have an emperor rather than said corporal . 
  there 's no way i can guess what that would mean for the 100 years from then to now in terms of how europe would be different . 
  assuming the victory would have come in 1914 , there would n't have been a russian revolution . 
  there would n't have been a finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania , ukraine & poland maybe ? 
  not to mention the countries that austria / hungary fell apart to . 
  and the ottoman empire might have continued on ? 
  i think it 's impossible to say what impact that would have had on europe . 
  would it have meant that the 20th century had lots of small wars , would there have been stability in the major empires or would the small nation states have broken free ? 
  would france have been able to take another loss after the humiliating one in 1870 without seeking revenge ? 
  i can only speak for myself , but i do n't hold the event as _ that _ historic . 
  with bismarck gone from german foreign politics i think it was just a matter of time before some event disturbed the fragile peace and alliances between the 5 major powers in europe back then . 
  i really recommend barbara tuchman and her book `` the guns of august '' to cover the time before the war and the month of august . 
  it 's awesome . 
  ( so are her other books as well ), 
  what a neutral view of things . 
  / s nice to see that it 's sweden 's fault that russia invaded ukraine !, 
   `` do not rush the work . 
  carefully analyze everything and report to me after an hour , '' putin told shoigu . 
  good thing it 's not rocket science !, 
  thank you !, 
  i understood more than i expected , but most likely because i had read the english article first . 
  how does dubbing handle laugh tracks ? 
  do they keep them ? 
  replace them ? 
  or remove them ? 
  also [ sweden has a law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naming_law_in_sweden ) that a name has to be approved . 
  this stopped the name brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116 from being accepted in the 90s . 
  we do not have an arcane law such as icelands though :  only when both parents are foreigners , or if a child has an icelandic first or middle name , can a child have a foreign surname . 
  which explains the 3 % i guess . . :p, 
   on the other hand , the largest proportions of trips abroad ( outbound trips ) were registered by residents of luxembourg ( 97 % ) would it actually count as a trip if you have n't travelled far enough to leave luxembourg if you lived there ? 
   he added that the rules would benefit european firms , who are responsible for more than half the number of investment dispute cases world-wide . 
  i 'm not sure that the information that european companies will be able to sue other countries calms our worries about other countries suing european countries when they introduce new legislation for health / enviromental reasons . 
   the mechanism , known as investor state dispute settlement ( isds ) , allows companies to take legal action against governments on the grounds of unfair treatment or discrimination in favour of domestic firms . 
   the commission froze discussions on isds in march , pending a three-month public consultation which closes in two weeks time , following protests by ngos and consumer groups . 
  anyone know where this public consultation takes place ? 
  anywhere one can raise concerns ? 
   de gucht maintained that ttip would leave `` very clear boundaries in order to fully protect governments ' right to regulate in the public interest '' . 
   eu officials were also bidding to increase transparency in arbitration tribunals , he said . 
  i guess we have to trust our bureaucrats to get this right . 
  i 've considered going there for a weekend , there are cheap flights from my city . 
  but i actually considered opting out of both the salt mines and auschwitz and just see the city on the basis that salt , how interesting could that be ? 
  and auschwitz just seems too depressing to visit . 
  just as the media is talking about suarez biting someone and not a random toddler in daycare doing the same thing ? 
  or when paris hilton was partying . 
  they never reported when i went clubbing . 
  :( have you heard of fame and how that makes things newsworthy ? 
  not sure what you mean , but no , the actions of the founder in his private life might not influence peoples opinion about wikileaks . 
  however , he is now using the voice of wikileaks in his vendetta against sweden ( the twitter account as an example ) so now it is more likely to tarnish it 's name , since it gets so tied up with someone who gives the impression of having lost the plot . 
  the internet says that russia spreads extremism . 
  yeah , he 's doing his best to ruin the legacy of wikileaks . 
  it does n't change anything about wikileaks , except assange is using it as his platform for some kind of personal vendetta against sweden now . 
  clearly danish has to be unintelligible for danes as well ? 
  maybe the next step on his agenda is a similar world wide version ? 
  tl ; dr the problem is that the young industrious people from the poorer eastern european countries go and work ( in the uk ) . 
  not because they are stealing jobs , or factories move to those countries but because they are driving salaries down , and hurting their original countries . 
  important to keep young people for the future ( remember age pyramid ) . 
  capitalism and neoliberalism is ruining europe and needs to be destroyed , left have to realise that they should sympathize with the poor in europe and not listen to opportunistic right politicians that try to capitalize on xenophobia . 
  to stop the move of production from west to east and let east work cheaply in west some kind of minimum wage across eu ( with different minimums for different sectors ) needs to be put in place . 
  tl ; dr to the tl ; dr it 's time to set minimum wages for different industries for europe , so that people do n't move the production jobs from wales . 
  talk about making a fashion statement . 
  they did n't even bother to show northern europe ? 
  they have no dream of splitting us up ? 
  can we keep sweden and switzerland apart please ? 
  and also , do you have a source of any bank at all in sweden charging negative interest on a savings account ? 
  it 's not something i 've heard of . 
  except she did n't . 
  i 'm all against that party as much as the next person , but facts are facts . 
  what she did was that she wanted to have the total costs of mens violence towards women and children calculated , and that the state covers the cost of the women 's aid centers . 
  it was the journalists that sensationalized it and called it a man tax . 
  source : being a swede with a memory and the ability to read . 
  regarding gothenburg . 
  do n't go 12-18th of july . 
  the [ worlds largest youth cup in football ] ( http://www.gothiacup.se/ ) takes place then , and the city is always unpleasant to be in that week . 
  for those about as fluent in italian as i am ( hello google translate ) this was the important bit :  according to istat data processed by coldiretti , in 2014 the italian sparkling wine has surpassed for the first time champagne in sales across the border , thanks to a 20 % increase in exports to a record total of 320 million bottles delivered abroad . 
  exports of champagne , however , stopped to 307 million bottles , with a modest increase of 0.7 % . 
  if any of the 2 new parties make it into parliament , are they likely to get included in the coalition ? 
  if so , would they topple the government when they do n't get any say in the immigration policy for the anti immigration party or whatever the other populist party prioritizes ? 
  that is , will they topple the government or will they keep in line to keep the russia problem at bay ? 
  in gothenburg , sweden , we have danska v\u00e4gen , norska gatan , tyska gatan and estlandsgatan ( denmark , norway , germany , estonia ) but no street for finland for some reason . 
  wow , that 's a tricky situation . 
  it 's one thing to have populist parties enter your parliament making life trickier for the other parties , but to have a party with clear ties to the biggest security concern for the country possibly becoming the biggest party . . 
  i worry for your future estonia . 
  but i thought a large part of the reason to leave was to get rid of the people from eu working in uk ? 
  with all talk about removing the free movement of people and all . 
   although breaking international law what international law are they breaking by temporarily reinstanting border control ? 
  the first one was some old alcatel ( maybe the alcatel hc 800 , i think i still have it somewhere but i could n't find it now ) that you had to pull the antenna out on when you wanted some reception . 
  it was my fathers , but i used to borrow it when i was going away to the army and then i inherited it when he moved on . 
  then i moved on to a nokia 3210 . 
  yes , that was the current situation of the free movement . 
  since you cut off the begining that was :  non-workers have the right to stay for up to three months , i took it to mean that was something she wants to change ? 
  then i was curious to find out what her stance on retired people is .
