  is n't it a small town of some kind in england ? 
  not sure how and why wales is co-hosting it though ? 
  what 's her stance on retired people moving to other countries via the free movement ? 
   published : 19:08 gmt , 2 january 2015, 
  the exploding car was awesome . 
  what was it that they ate with the alcohol ? 
  some pickled cucumber ? 
  is n't that a very high number for such a small country ? 
  sweden has about 100 drowning deaths per year . 
  do they teach kids to swim in school in estonia ? 
   i ca n't explain exactly why that is either , might be any number of old wars we 've fought or maybe soviet actions against our finnish neighbour well , before their actions against our finnish neighbour they took the eastern parts of sweden which was later to become the nation of finland . 
  that might have some to do with the sentiment as well . 
   but the media silence regarding chernobyl disaster was rather nasty and was completely their fault . 
  i think the other comecon nations learned that from a swedish tv channel several days after that happened , rather than from the ussr itself , that 's just plain absurd . 
  this is slightly off topic , but it 's a good story that deserves to be told . 
  i listened to a documentary about the chernobyl disaster and how the world found out a few years ago and it was mentioned that it was discovered because of how one guy working at a swedish nuclear plant was living rather primitive in a cottage during the summer , so when he got in to work he usually went to the shower rooms people visited before leaving normally . 
  and to get out of there you had to pass a geiger meter , and he set it off . 
  they evacuated the entire staff and started emergency protocoll and all that and then started looking for the leak , just to not find anything . 
  they searched everywhere until they started measuring outside and noticed the increased levels . 
  the documentary claimed that when sweden called soviet ( after checking wind directions and such and getting a straight line for ukraine ) they got a `` let us get back to you on this '' and a few hours later they got confirmation from kreml , so it was speculated that kreml did n't even know about it . 
  i do n't know if that 's true of course , but i like that the biggest nuclear accident in the world was found out because a guy lived in a cottage without a shower and wanted to freshen up before work . 
  well , that 's the story from memory . 
  with a user name like that person has , i 'm inclined to believe that they are ok with the unspeakable stuff . 
  it 's fairly obvious what the 6 million in the user name stands for . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/new-july-fifa-rankings-2015-7?r=us&amp;ir=t ) article explains well the problem with fifa rankings ( that has wales in 10th position in the world . . ) . 
  i follow it quite closely . 
  and i know i rather meet romania , poland and denmark than netherlands or france . 
  so everyone is going to say norway or switzerland then ? 
  * looks at group a * * looks at group e * danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  i meant this particular case as she was fined for a law she did n't break , i did n't mean the law itself , that 's a different topic . 
   a spanish woman has been fined $ 800 ( # 570 ) under the country 's controversial new gagging law for posting a photograph of a police car parked illegally in a disabled bay . 
   the citizens security law , popularly known as the gagging law and which came into force on 1 july , prohibits `` the unauthorised use of images of police officers that might jeopardise their or their family 's safety or that of protected facilities or police operations '' . 
   asked how the photo had put the police at risk , he said the officers felt the woman had impugned their honour by posting the picture and referred the incident to the town hall authorities . 
  surely it must be possible to have this overturned in a court of law ? 
  you beat us to the least religious these days ? 
  i was thinking that the russian minority would drag down your level but maybe you have us beaten there . 
  i [ googled ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mu_isamaa,_mu_%c3%b5nn_ja_r%c3%b5%c3%b5m ) the song , is it the reference to god in the third verse you refer to ? 
  that 's why i said tuesday to friday , i meant to include odin and thor along tyr and freyja in that . 
  your post make it sound like icelandic somehow gave words to scandinavia , while in fact they got their language from the norwegians settling there , so it 's probable that it 's evolved from the languages spoken in scandinavia rather than borrowing from iceland . 
  or do i missunderstand something ? 
  all but saturday in fact since we did n't have a god of bathing ... 
  but i guess the sun and the moon goes further back in time really . 
  so it 's basically tuesday to friday then . 
  i was going to comment how we at least wash , as opposed to the rest of you . 
  maybe it was that we ran out of gods . 
  as we start with the moon , moving on to tyr , than wodan , thor , frej , washing day and end with worshiping the sun . 
  or maybe the sad fact was that we needed to be reminded to do it once per week . . 
  no milka commercials here in sweden . 
  good luck finding christian neighbourhoods here . 
  i did n't even notice it despite living in the central parts of the city . 
  :( i think i 'll fake it tomorrow at work so i can be part of the conversation and not be left out . 
  and all the guards hushing people and telling them to move on . 
  felt like sheep being herded through there . 
  but i think it would be amazing if one was there with just a handful of people . 
  st petersburg was built ( on top / next to ) a swedish fort / city called [ nyenschantz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nyenschantz ), 
  and swedens national hockey team , am i right ? 
  6-5 , never forget !, 
  we can call you eastern sweden , close enough ? 
  my mistake . 
  typically and culturally must be beer i guess ? 
  i 'll stick to that and some nice riesling wine i think . 
  bratwurst and apfelstrudel maybe ? 
  i would have assumed that ( for instance ) taxing richer tourists the same way you tax your poorer mainland population would have been a good thing for state economy regardless of being in the euro or not . 
  it 's like they are trying to make sure nothing improves if they would drop out of the euro zone . 
  or maybe i 'm missing something . 
  what is the reason that greece keep suggesting things they will reform in return for a deal , instead of actually doing the reforms right away ( since they will improve their fiscal situation somewhat ) ? 
  are they afraid the conditions would be moved ever further ? 
  i mean , if they had changed the vat on the islands at the start of the tourist season , a lot of money would have appeared in the state coffers as opposed to doing it as the season comes to an end . 
  i thought a major part of their platform was to avoid swedish at all cost ? 
  i thought we called them `` buntband '' ? 
  in that case i stand corrected . 
  he should have been talking about the deaths caused by air pollution , since that can kill people in neighbouring countries and is a more relevant complaint . 
  it 's not deaths in the collecting of the coal that he is referring to , it 's the early deaths of humans due to pollution of air caused by burning coal compared to the fresh air of nuclear power . 
  checked the biggest swedish tabloid aftonbladet www.aftonbladet.se and they had a small article referencing wall street journal that greece ca n't pay the entire imf debt on tuesday if you scroll down a monitor and a half . 
  the second biggest tabloid expressen www.expressen.se required scrolling for a very long time to get to a news item mentioning greece . 
  however !, 
  the biggest morning newspaper dagens nyheter www.dn.se has it as their top news . 
  and the second most important morning newspaper svenska dagbladet www.svd.se has it as their second news item . 
  and it 's also on the debate program from the state television i am watching right now , so we do get exposed to it , depending on our media consumption . 
  edit : and the news program at 9 pm from the state television started with greece and continues with it for some 10 minutes now ( they even had a debate between the political editors of the tabloids mentioned above where one of them goes with `` greece has themselves to blame '' and the other `` it 's all the troikas fault '' , so nothing new and exciting there . 
  for what it 's worth , i checked the text news on the swedish state television now ( they present 4 top items of news there ) and none of them mentioned greece . 
  sure , if i then navigated on the see specific news from other countries i found it there . 
  the two international pieces was about tunisia and that unesco has decided that destroying items of culture can be a war crime . 
  but maybe this is because sweden is n't part of the euro . 
  good then that there does n't exist such a nobel prize . 
  what exists is `` sveriges riksbanks pris i ekonomisk vetenskap till alfred nobels minne '' which in english is `` the sveriges riksbank prize in economic sciences in memory of alfred nobel '' . 
  so this means it 's not one of the nobel prizes , but that it 's tagging along with the other prizes and have people confused thinking it 's a real nobel prize . 
  is this the way forward to get uk to stay in the eu in a referendum ? 
  i do n't know if this is the reason , but the most common dressing to have in that hot dog is called french dressing , so maybe it became a french hot dog based on what dressing one had in it somehow . 
  [ exit ] ( http://exit.fryshuset.se/ ) is the organization that helps people leave those organizations that springs to mind . 
  but you were n't really looking for one , were you ? 
  [ this is what the crime prevention state agency thingy ] ( https://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/news-from-bra/archive/news/2011-01-18-how-common-is-rape-in-sweden-compared-to-other-european-countries.html ) has to say about it ( in english ) . 
  basically they argue the same arguments you 've seen put forward here , about different definitions of what counts as a rape , different ways to count the number of crimes and so on . 
  and they also mention something else that is important :  and it is not only in the area of rape where these differences are noticeable . 
  sweden stands out within the entire area of crimes against the person in particular , because the registration of crime is more extensive than in the majority of other countries in europe . 
  this forms the background to , for example , the fact that ten times as many cases of assault are registered in sweden as in greece . 
  here i came thinking it would be the hoff with looking for freedom . 
  but that scorpions song always sends shivers down my spine and makes me remember the late 80s and the awesomeness of the changes taking place then . 
  was n't there news stories about netflix cracking down on accounts doing that a few months ago ? 
  because the content owners demanded it .
