  you can be sure that those who were mindlessly messing around with knives on the bus would not get convicted , but it 'd be you , because you 're instigating hatred . 
  i have a hard time to see how `` damn muslims '' would be considered hate speech here . 
  i 'm sure she backed it up with actual cases though , right ? 
  yeah , that was rather inappropriate . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/10/us-brazil-sweden-fighter-probe-iduskbn0n11k220150410 ) is the article they are referring to in ops link . 
   the spokeswoman confirmed brazilian media reports that the prosecutor was looking at a $ 900 million difference between the price in saab 's initial proposal in 2009 and the final price agreed upon in october . 
   the air force said in a statement that the price difference was due to exchange rate fluctuations and additions to the contract , including flight simulators and a wide-area display cockpit panel , or wad . 
  a piece of pointless trivia . 
  it was forbidden in sweden up until 1944 , but the ban got removed because it was in the same paragraph as the ban on homosexuality that stopped being a crime then . 
  a new law against it was put in place in 2014 . 
  interestingly enough a law was suggested back in 2002 that the parliament did not pass . 
  yeah , they are good at creating ruins for sure . 
   the finnish poll will only be the first in a series of votes in a set of small , northwest european economies this year . 
  the netherlands , austria , and switzerland will also hold elections , either on the regional or the national level . 
  and they are facing quite similar challenges . 
  til that the definition of northwest europe is pretty much any country you want to use in your example . 
  meaning of the phrase [ does not compute ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/does_not_compute ) . 
  well , we did n't say it was a russian sub , so how do they know it 's mindless waste of money to search for the subs that enter our territorial waters ? 
  does not compute . 
   and all four continental nordic countries have the highest levels of poverty , homelessness , and housing shortage in a good decade yeah , i 'm going to need some sources for that . 
  sweden here , i get 25 paid days a year ( on top of the normal public holidays that give you some more , but you ca n't place them as you please ) . 
  some people get more than that , but 25 is the minimum you get . 
  then i tend to take my overtime in time off , so in reality i take more than 25 days per year . 
  i hear you . 
  * sigh *, 
  make sure to include audio books as well . 
  here in sweden we have 6 % vat on physical books and physical audio books , while we pay 25 % for e-books and for audo books that we download . 
  it 's just silly . 
  thank you !, 
  i 've been out of the loop a bit lately about this whole situation . 
  can you direct me to where i can read about this fingergate ? 
  have bloomberg missed out on the whole `` where 's waldo ( eh , i mean putin ) '' thing that has been going on these last few days . 
  was it really putin that put troops on full alert , or was it russia ? 
  thanks to this subreddit i know about romanias ongoing fight to get control of it 's corruption which is an important step to modernize the country and make it more prosperious . 
  this is news i would n't find at home , because a quick google about romania and fighting corruption ( in swedish ) only gave links about how bad things are and so on . 
  regarding the link in question , i have no idea if the guy is guilty or not of course . 
  so instead i 'll ask an open question to the people in romania . 
  is it too early yet to notice any effect on the fight on corruption ? 
  it sounded bizarre when i read the title , but if i understand the judge ruling , he means that she could have a reasonable claim to some money to pay for the fact that she raised their mutual son alone ( without support from him ? ) ? 
  that seems less absurd than what i first thought this was . 
  but maybe i have misunderstood it and it is plain bizarre ? 
  for sweden they chose malm\u00f6 ff ( which might be fair , they won last year and qualified for cl ) , but since we run a spring / autumn series rather than a autumn / spring like most of europe , we do n't really have a team that is leading the series right now . 
  well , one could argue that it 's aik , because if one checks the [ table ] ( http://svenskfotboll.se/allsvenskan/ ) at the swedish football organization they sort it alphabetically . 
  that always sucked for me , supporting a team that starts with the last letter of the alphabet . 
  no , part of sweden up until 1809 , when it became a grand duchy in the russian empire until 1917 . 
  do they have a strong rule of law there ? 
  can you trust that your investments stay safe and that you do n't have to bribe people to get them back ? 
  you want to be able to trust that your tax haven follows laws and so on , even if you do n't do it yourself . 
  sweden 30 %, 
  i 've been spending too much time on / r/sweden because i expected the the picture to be that play on words . 
  ( half the posts ( somewhat exaggerated ) in sweden are wordplays . ), 
  it would have been interesting if it had included a capital gains tax as well . 
  equally kinda sad are the thousands of people that marched in solidarity against deep fryer fires . 
  we beat finland and japan !, 
  it 's something at least . 
  for sure , we 're not sending our own 10 guys there . 
  the problem is that you ca n't decide where you want the wolves to be . 
  they have tried re-locating certain individuals that came far south in sweden back north again , but they just started walking back south again and soon appeared in their old territorries . 
  they sometimes get spotted in our major cities but most of the problems they cause are of course for people with livestock and also pets / hunting dogs i believe . 
  ( worth noting is that maybe a few tenfold of hunting dogs gets killed by wolves and a few thousand by traffic , but it 's the wolves that gets the hate ), 
  i did not mean in this specific incident , i mean in any death in this group of a billion people we should look past more likely culprits and blame islamic militants ? 
  but if you swallow propaganda that 's fine , that is after all the purpose of it . 
  that is one of the opinions in the debate , yes , usually held by people living in urban areas . 
  wolves , that 's a can of worms i 'm not sure any country is ready to handle , politically . 
  it splits the country in two here , either you love them or you want to exterminate them it seems . 
  a big divider between the urban and rural citizens . 
  were n't there like a billion people defending charlie hebdo after the attacks . 
  if any of those ever gets into a suspicious death , should we assume it 's islamists rather than the more likely suspects ? 
  you have to give one thing to the pravda machine , it 's good at sowing doubt in people , diverting blame . 
  google knows denmark !, 
  understood . 
  but i 'm sure we can be horrible tourists !, 
  i feel so left out !, 
  eu , what happened ? 
  you used to be cool and sensible ? 
  this is just absurd . 
  ( i may be biased as most of the stuff i read these days happen on my kindle ), 
  as long as you do n't beat us in hockey i 'm happy . 
  could it have historical ties in so far that back in the days southern sweden used to belong to denmark , thus being part of scandinavia when the expression was coined ? 
  sure , finland was part of sweden then , and had it belonged to sweden now i guess maybe the people living in the eastern part of sweden  would count as scandinavians ? 
  not given this much thought though . 
  for sweden , i think norwegian would be up there in the top 3 languages we understand ( since denmark has swedish , i totally understand why danish is n't on swedens list though ) . 
  maybe it is because people do n't think about checking that box when they tick the number of languages they speak a bit in . 
  actually , i think the hippie event of earth hour is quite wide spread in the western world ( and north korea , but they more go for earth year ) . 
  this is not an event that a normal person feel is important , so i would n't expect people to be up in arms about it not being adhered to . 
  just a correction . 
  earth hour is not a festival or a cultural important thing , it 's the hippie event of shutting down lamps and electronic equipment for an hour once per year to show how much you care about , hm , the earth i guess . 
  her parents did not have custody over her . 
  swedish one : * adam * bertil * cesar * david * erik * filip * gustav * helge * ivar * johan * kalle * ludvig * martin * niklas * olof * petter * qvintus * rudolf * sigurd * tore * urban * viktor * wilhelm * xerxes * yngve * z\u00e4ta * \u00c5ke * \u00c4rlig * \u00d6sten, 
  yes !, 
  the third season has already been aired here . 
  where no one speaks with a southern swedish accent and where magically all danes and swedes understand each other perfectly . . 
  but that would ruin the plot of the bridge because that body was dumped firmly on the bridge and not halfway down a tunnel !, 
  the ones that i can think of for sweden are : [ varpa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varpa ) [ floorball ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/floorball ), 
  it yet remains to be seen if he can be tried as an adult in the murder trial . 
  in the asylum process tbe burden of proof ( of age ) is up to the applicant ( sure , we might not question said evidence all that much ) but in a criminal case it 's up to the prosecution to prove that they are trying an adult ( as i understand it from lawyers on twitter ) . 
  i would have expected to find design on a list like this . 
  the only result with a 6 i can remember was the 6-5 game . 
  2003 , never forget . 
  lets now celebrate that one of us was fairly bad ( only 8th spot , embarrasing ) and one was horribly bad at this drinking game thing .
