  so that 's polish apples and ukraine onions so far . 
  what 's next on putin 's quest to stop russians from eating good stuff ? 
  it 's weird though , we do not have them against you finns . 
  it was mostly an attempt at a joke . 
  but it failed on so many levels , especially since i had missed the part about it becoming a dutch company , since i got the idea it moved to the uk ( and with them maybe leaving the eu and so on . 
  yes , jokes being explained are the true masterpieces . ), 
  so after brexit italy can refuse to let eu sign a fta with uk , just to force the headquarters back to italy to be inside eu ? 
  did we win something ? 
  once you make more than $ 47,000 a year here , the tax level is increased 20 % units on any money you earn above that ( so if you paid 30 % it 's 50 % now ) . 
  another 5 % is added on to the money you make above $ 67,000 in a year , but ( sadly ) that 's never happened to me . 
  what fiat has had going for them is the italian flair . 
  the risk now is that it loses that and becomes a generic small car . 
  why did the library in oslo shut down ? 
  - someone stole the book . 
  how do you create a norwegian jigsaw puzzle ? 
  - take a piece of paper and cut it in 2 . 
  why was n't jesus born in norway ? 
  - they could n't find 3 wise men . 
  how do you get a norwegian to laugh on easter ? 
  - you tell him a joke on christmas . 
  as you can see , they all follow a theme here . 
  in sweden we have what we call `` norgehistorier '' which makes fun of norwegians based on them being stupid . 
  apparently they claim to have a similar thing for swedes , but i ca n't see how they could , no one would mistake us for stupid . 
  examples : how do you sink a norwegian sub ? 
  - you swim down and knock . 
  how do you sink it a second time ? 
  - you swim down and knock , then they open up and say `` we wo n't fall for that one again '' how far did the norwegian electric car travel ? 
  - 25 meters , then they ran out of cord . 
  as you can see , clear pieces of art . 
  i assume other countries than sweden having progressive tax levels . 
  does anyone know at what income level this is taken ? 
  low income ? 
  mid income ? 
  it 's certainly not for high income ( for sweden ) . 
  if one looks at alaska rather than the us , they are around 22 / 100,000 which brings it up to the fsu level . 
  not sure one should group the baltics together , when you have estonia with less frequency than finland and sadly lithuania with a lot higher frequency . 
  one thing that stood out , apart from the horrible numbers from greenland , is how a male dominated thing this is , apart from in hong kong , where it seems like female have a higher frequency than males to commit suicide . 
  but is the [ mistral class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mistral-class_amphibious_assault_ship ) a complicated ship ? 
  no offense , but it looks like a glorified transport ship that can contain a scary amount of tanks , helicopters , troops and other things useful when you want to assault a coastline somewhere , but i do n't see them as being technological masterpieces ? 
  so it 's a bit like them replacing their old [ alligator-class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alligator-class_landing_ship ) landing ships . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  join the eu and you will not be marginalized anymore . 
  so much so that an expression has made it into the swedish language about that called [ polish parliament ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_parliament_%28expression%29 ) !, 
  finns , swedes and brittish people can at least claim to be nationalistic when drinking . 
  oh my how much money we give to the state compared to other parts of europe . 
  fair enough !, 
  thank you . 
  italy and greece less than uk , that surprised me a bit . 
  would have been interesting to compare numbers from before the 2008 crisis . 
  sadly interest rates paid on debt is deductible . 
  but this is the third rail in swedish politic , touch this one and you 'll instantly lose any and all elections , with all home owners see the cost of their living increased significantly . 
  so we do n't even have politicians talking about removing this . 
  another problem of course is that we do n't build housing in the same speed that our population increases , which drives the price of housing upwards . 
  so when money is as cheap as it is today , people will continue to borrow as long as the banks are happy to oblige . 
  the only time i 've heard about privatizing water was last year when our financial newspaper ( di ) incorrectly reported that nestle wanted to do it . 
  it quickly turned out to be incorrect though , but that did n't stop people from sharing it and going all `` nestle bad evil corporation '' . 
  and to answer your question , i do n't see it happening in sweden . . 
  in my humble opinion no , mashed potatoes and gravy become a bit over the top for me . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , it 's delicious , but normal boiled potatoes makes the gravy have a purpose , if you know what i mean ? 
  but one should never go with fries with meatballs , that 's heresy . . 
  yeah , it 's the lingon jam , gravy and potatoes version that 's the best !, 
  it is getting some fame thanks to ikea . 
  you could n't say [ meatballs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meatball ) or something else others would enjoy , you had to go for our `` delicacy '' that is classed as a [ dangerous weapon ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4867024.stm ) by major airlines . . 
  i was actually not going to chose finland , because as you say , we are so much alike , except that you get worse winters than we do , so why would i chose that ? 
  we like you anyway !, 
  except when it comes to hockey and cross country skiing . 
  does this mean he 's also banned from going to the czech republic ? 
  unconditional surrender is giving up and then wait for the victor to handle you as he sees fit . 
  amnesty means to stop what you are doing and things are forgiven / forgotten . 
  here we have something like `` an acquaintance helps you move , a ( real ) friend helps you move bodies '' . 
  interesting how we all have proverbs about tidying up crime scenes . 
  i had n't heard about that one . 
  thanks for the tip , always on the lookout for good books !, 
  which re-used a quote from the first world war , when it was uncertain if britain would join in ( before it all started )  when french general foch was asked `` what is the smallest british military force that would be of any practical assistance to you ? '' foch replies : `` a single british soldier -- and we will see to it that he is killed . '' that is mentioned in barbara tuchmans book `` the guns of august '' which is about the first month of world war 1 . 
  a very good read . 
  but they do n't own their own infrastructure ? 
  could n't that be used by the old companies to keep competition in check ? 
  by adding higher fees for people wanting to use their infrastructure ? 
  i must admit i 'm not up to date on the subject , i 'm just worried about backlashes . 
  i certainly hop so !, 
  i just went with what the companies have complained about and threatened with . 
  still extremly expensive , so not really viable to just continue using the phone the same way as home . 
  but it should hopefully keep the really high bills somewhat in check that some people get punished with upon coming home . 
  and hopefully they will come through with their goal to have the roaming charges abolished in 2015-ish . 
  even though i assume the phone companies will retalitate with massive increases in phone subscriptions charges . 
  thank you !, 
  actually , that did wonders with the depressing block of houses . 
  excuse me for not being up to date on your voting rules . 
  did n't you take a big risk with a boycott ? 
  what kind of turn out would it have required for the referendum to pass ? 
  would n't it have been better to turn up and vote no ? 
  the link in the post to show the study behind the diagram about tax level on income was broken . 
  :( i was curious to see at what income level they where taken , given how we have a progressive tax level here as well , and comparing to the salaries mentioned in the blog post one would n't pay much tax here in sweden . 
  regarding the number of subscribers , it 's less than twice what subscribe to [ / r/sweden / ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/ ) , so i just assume that only people interested in ( mostly political ) discussing europe would subscribe here . 
  but you have a point , since he says how we do n't use other things than facebook . 
  it seemed to annoy him that we did n't jump on all the fads that get old before they get useful such as foursquare , pinterest , linkedin , google + , twitter and that we do n't seem to want to blog . 
  am i boring when i say that i 'm glad people do n't blog for the sake of blogging ? 
  he brings up a few different points , and i agree with some of them . 
  like the e-book reader , and how we have n't adopted it yet . 
  my thoughts on that is less that we are old fashion and more to do with the fact that amazon is an american company pushing new technology on americans , here in sweden it was almost impossible to buy one .
