  it 's also forbidden to have aas in your body . 
  sweden then . 
  hm , not sure this counts as a folk song , but it 's often called our unofficial national anthem . 
  there was a small movement in the 80 's to have this become our official anthem . 
  not sure about all translations on this version i found , but here goes . . [ ulf lundell - \u00d6ppna landskap ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbvngv5cz-k ), 
   this is fucking ridiculous and tarnishes sweden even further ( if possible ) . 
  wow , just wow . 
  says the guy posting in greatapes . 
  serbia can buy all it can not produce from europe , re-package it and send it on to russia with a good mark up . 
  let them pay !, 
  [ or we stick to the obvious choice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87qt5bol2xu ), 
  i have n't found anything about that one going to trial . 
  did you have another link about it ? 
  since aftonbladet did n't mention that at all . 
  source ? 
  well , in tom clancy 's - red storm rising , they fired a lot of high ranking officers in the build up for the attack on west , to shape up the army and set an example for the ones remaining . 
  but lets hope fiction is fiction ( even though it 's a great book ) . 
  not as such , no , but all of a sudden we saw dn writing about it and all . 
  all publicity is good publicity when you 're a fairly unknown number 5 on a list and there 's a month until the election . 
  but of course , it could just be random . 
  is it really done secretly if kremlin publishes the information themselves ? 
  and he mentions this a month before elections in sweden , where he is 5th on his party 's local list . 
  4 people from his party were elected to the parliament in 2010 ( when that party had a really good election ) . 
  however , we have the posibility of voting for a specific person while voting for a party , so there 's a chance he is trying to campaign his way into more personal votes than one of the four people ahead of him . 
  i would have thought that [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) phrase was a thing of the past , but apparently i was wrong . 
   word on the beach is that there is a new type of russian tourist in crimea . 
  since the crisis erupted in ukraine , up to four million russians who work for the state have been effectively banned from leaving the country - it 's rumoured that the government views holidays abroad as a security risk in their case . 
  yeah , we 're back to this now . 
  ( not confirmed beyond hearsay in this article , but still ), 
  eu ! = europe ! = nato, 
  i 'll think you 'll find plenty of people ready to help out with eating some more danish bacon . . 
  thanks !, 
  i guess that means my day at work was just too long , for some reason i read the dairy and just assumed it was the graph under it . . 
  why is n't finland on the dairy section if they risk losing 400 million euro in a 551 million euro european export ? 
  i 'm fairly certain that article someone else linked said 400 million euro for valio . 
  how about some heavy battle tanks to , eh , help with snow removal in the winter . 
  ah , that makes sense !, 
  thanks . 
  in that case that 1 % is way off and i 'm not sure where they got that from . 
  [ article in swedish tabloid ( in swedish ) ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/incoming/article19329122.ab ) about potential sanctions against food from sweden . 
  swedish food export to russia is about $ 70m , so about 1 % of of our total export . 
  the things we sell to them should be possible to sell to the rest of the world , such as grains , chocolate , and things like that . 
  i have a co-worker who has parents living in russia and the co-worker claims that when talk of sanctions reached news there the parents went to the store to buy stuff , and there were n't that much there to buy ( meat and so on ) , and the prices had increased a lot . 
  anecdotal evidence is anecdotal , but i feel sorry for the russian population . 
  i 'll add a glas of valio milk to my breakfast !, 
  thank you , that makes sense !, 
  sounds good france !, 
  but i have a question . 
   the new law also addresses equality in the workplace , promotes paternity leave and the sharing of domestic duties at home out of curiosity , how does one write a law about sharing of duties in homes without it becoming ridiculous ? 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  it sure is a different time these days . 
  could this be russia not really wanting to seek revenge , but rather to save face while cutting down on imports to not have money leave the country as sanction leave them with less money ? 
  this may seem like a very ignorant question , but i 'm very curious . 
  but how did one find out about a fantastic album like that to know it was worth that much money ? 
  western radio ? 
   germany said last week it has not yet decided whether to agree to the draft because it objected to clauses outlining the legal protection offered to firms investing in the 28-member bloc . 
  critics said they could allow investors to stop or reverse laws , particularly those relating to the protection of the environment . 
   but the provisions for resolving investor-state disputes were settled several months ago , the canada official claimed . 
  did no one inform germany about this , or does `` settled '' mean that `` yes , we decided on the issue many months ago , why discuss that now ? 
  [ it does n't seem like a safe job in russia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_journalists_killed_in_russia#a_list_of_journalists_killed_in_russia ), 
   `` political instruments of pressure on the economy are unacceptable , they contradict all norms and rules , '' putin said yesterday during a meeting with alexey gordeev , governor of the voronezh region near ukraine . 
  because it 's not political pressure behind banning the apples and other products from europe . 
  right . . 
  the only other option is not realistic either and that would be to get a peace keeping force in place before russia somehow and claim that their intervention is not needed any longer . 
  but yes , sanctions is the only way to go , sadly . 
  yeah , i have a bad feeling about this one , and i do n't see how one will be able to hold russia out of ukraine now . 
  it feels like this is what they 've been aiming for , for a while now . 
  thank you italy and france for sending airplanes our way to help fight the fire !, 
  i assumed he messed up with the negations , and meant that american-irish people are seen as american rather than not seen as american . 
  but that 's just my assumption . 
  it 'll be interesting to see any new models coming out from fiat ( or alfa for that matter if they should go down the same route ) , since italian style was what they had going for them . 
  if they get to keep that part of the identity or not . 
  what about maserati , is it also dying ? 
  are you saying that russian imposed sanctions against ukraine is anti-russian ? 
  i 'm not sure of the relevance to what i said . 
  his request was not fully in line with your statement , which you later followed up one more time with me , that is true . 
  so we can agree that they do n't run from scrambling jets over other countries airspace and you have changed your mind on that ? 
  and thanks for the downvotes . 
  i tried finding anything in the articles that said they started to fly over another country 's airspace once jets had been scrambled , but could n't find anything . 
  only in one of the articles was it mentioned that they took off towards norwegian airspace , but i took that more as a reference that they stopped following them and let the norwegians continue the patrol ( since the norwegians had followed them as they flew outside norwegian airspace north and west of norway ) . 
  taking place in a sauna !, 
  not to be that guy , but none of the articles were about how they violated airspace to run from nato , they were all about how they violated airspace and had nato come look at them . 
  well , there was always that austrian guy . . 
  do you have a source ( not from exponerat or friatider ) for that , for any other than the municipality ( uppsala i think ? ), 
  that let their students move from one location to another because the old building was going to get renovated and re-purposed for another kind of use or something like that ? 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  one weird guy working in a small community somewhere in sweden has speculated about how to cover housing needs for asylum seekers and so on . 
  this if of course taken as confirmation from the xenophobes that their summer houses all will be expropriated . 
  i base this on having read on other forums , will not touch friatider with a 10 pole stick . 
  heh , yeah , that 's one of my favourite useless anecdotes that i learned at a party from a catalonian woman . 
  how he say `` i know nothing , i 'm from barcelona '' when we watched it , but in catalonia , he says `` i know nothing , i 'm from mexico '' . 
  i hope this is true , because i may have reused this fact a few times . . 
  that 's what they all say before they start sharing platforms and become even more generic . 
  but fair enough , hopefully it will continue to be quirky and italian . 
  it was the `` merger with chrysler '' - part i went with for the blandness . 
  have you seen the fiat 500 ? 
  desperatly pretty . 
  have you seen the fiat 500 abarth ? 
  it 's a feeling that i ca n't put my finger on , but add some boring american blandness to it now and it 's a dacia or something . 
  ( i 've had some wine tonight if nothing of this makes sense ),
