yeah , looking at the flag behind him , that 's somebody from estonia . 
  the tweet was also deleted , i think . 
  that 's not saulius skvernelis in the photo ... [ this ] ( http://www.lrt.lt/mimages/news/images/168988/1000/563/size16x9 ) is him, 
  that 's lithuania 's values just placed confusingly . 
  despite all the rapid increases to the army budget ( which i partly disagree with ) and sometimes over-the-top russia blaming , i guess our strategy finally paid off . 
  good point , there seems to be plenty of problems regarding brexit for the ni that are n't there for the bigger island . 
  so what he 's saying is that we need to stay away from russia and wait it out while their economy will start to collapse . 
  only then we will be actually able to make some progress and agreements ? 
  intriguing article . 
  it 's interesting to see that e.lucas is able to find both bad and good in many things . 
   ** but the principle of whether basically an agreement can be made with russia ? 
  **   i think you could have very good agreements with russia where we say that `` we 've got your money , if you want to see it again , back off '' . 
  that would be a very good agreement . 
  he 's very pessimistic about russia 's future . 
  he even said that a trump-putin deal like this would be horrible :  russia pulling troops back from its western military district and america pulling its forces out of the frontline . 
  i think that would be absolutely catastrophic . 
  it looks kind of sensible to me , why does he think it would be that bad ? 
  is n't this how the cold war ended ? 
  with mutual demilitarization agreements ? 
  well said , just what i was thinking . 
  op , post the article in the comments next time . 
   #how russian rule has changed crimea  ## moscow 's massive social engineering project on the peninsula  * by ilan berman *             since russia annexed crimea in march 2014 , the ukrainian peninsula has become something akin to a `` black box , '' with little verifiable data on conditions available to counterbalance the official russian narrative that all is well in the kremlin 's newest territorial holding . 
  now , however , a new study has provided perhaps the most detailed look to date on the true state of political and economic play on the peninsula . 
  published by the ukrainian institute for the future , a new but well-connected think tank based in kiev , the report -- entitled `` crimea : three years of occupation '' -- draws on data from local sources and the analysis of seasoned specialists to paint a damning picture of the human and economic costs of russian rule , and to make a compelling case that the kremlin 's crimean project is a threat to crimeans themselves , as well as to everyone else . 
    russia 's control of crimea , the report notes , represents a massive social engineering initiative . 
  under moscow 's administration , crimea has seen the imposition of a raft of draconian new laws governing everything from military conscription to alcohol consumption , a surge in human rights abuses , and the `` systemic persecution '' of the region 's indigenous tatar population ( whose governing body , the mejlis , has been formally banned as a `` terrorist organization . '' ) the goal of this effort is twofold : to subjugate the region 's native population and to tether it more closely to moscow . 
    the results are striking . 
  to date , some 10 percent of crimea 's total population ( over two million in 2014 ) has fled . 
  these people have been replaced through an influx of russians -- mostly civil servants , military personnel , or retirees -- who have been given significant economic perks by the russian government for resettling there . 
  and this population shift is still a work in progress . 
  as the study notes , russia 's official plans for the area envisions an increase in the crimean population by another one million russians in the next five years . 
    #### * to date , some 10 percent of crimea 's total population has fled . 
  *   economic conditions on the peninsula , meanwhile , have deteriorated markedly under russian rule . 
  agriculture , once the mainstay of the local economy , has collapsed , with production of staples such as rice , soy , and corn now `` almost fully destroyed , '' and a surge in the once largely self-sufficient region 's need to import commodities like milk , meat , and eggs . 
  ( in just one example , crimean meat production fell by an estimated 84 percent over the course of 2016 . ), 
  the region 's banking sector , meanwhile , has cratered , ravaged by western sanctions and an exodus of ukrainian financial institutions that has led to an increasingly cash-intensive economy . 
    what has grown , however , is the size of the state . 
  crimea 's annexation in 2014 was followed by an infusion of kremlin funding intended to bring conditions in the territory ( such as infrastructure and pensions ) up to par with those of russia 's other regions . 
  according to ukraine 's razumkov centre , russia now foots the bill for approximately three-quarters of crimea 's budgetary expenditures -- accounting for a whopping $ 1.4 billion in 2016 . 
  ( by contrast , the kremlin has progressively tightened its fiscal belt in relation to russia 's other federal subjects -- resulting in increasingly dire economic conditions in those places . ), 
  all this has come at a high cost ; moscow has been forced to cancel a string of high-profile projects in other regions in order to pay for its crimean adventure . 
  none of this appears to have prompted russian officials to rethink their policies , however . 
    for the kremlin , control of crimea is also a distinctly military project . 
  the crimean city of sevastopol has long served as the home port for russia 's black sea fleet ( via a long-term lease from the ukrainian government ) , and the region is vital to russia 's ability to project naval might . 
  moscow 's annexation of the territory has been followed by a major , systematic expansion of russia 's military presence there -- and , by extension , in the black sea region . 
    since the annexation , the study notes , russia has reinforced its existing fleet of ships in the black sea with the deployment of at least six new vessels , as well as new land-based missile battalions . 
  at the same time , it has doubled the number of naval personnel it has stationed in sevastopol ( from 12,500 in 2014 to over 25,000 today ) . 
  in other words , `` the annexation of crimea allowed [ russian president vladimir ] putin not only to ` save ' its black sea navy , but to transform it into a threat ... for the whole region . ''   russia has attempted to portray its annexation of the peninsula in historic terms , as a reclamation of lost lands and a culmination of its destiny . 
  the data , however , suggest that crimea has become a tremendous economic millstone for the kremlin -- one that the russia , still languishing under the weight of multilateral sanctions and low world oil prices , can ill afford . 
  as taras beresovets , the study 's editor , puts it , `` crimea is a time bomb for russia '' -- one that could , sooner or later , threaten its society and put its `` neo-imperial project '' in jeopardy by depleting the country 's already-taxed national resources . 
    for the former soviet republics , meanwhile , crimea 's situation should serve as a cautionary tale . 
  the russian government has consistently pushed an expansionist narrative throughout the territory of the former soviet union , seeking to entice ethnic `` compatriots '' ( a term it uses very loosely ) in countries such as kazakhstan and moldova to rejoin the russian federation . 
  crimea shows what it looks like to be part of the new russia -- and provides yet another reminder of why , having fought so hard to gain their independence from moscow a quarter century ago , those nations should want nothing of the sort . 
  the article you provided is not too convincing , i found some more recent ones from the picture another user replied with . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks , but that 's * not * all i need . 
  you could have linked the actual [ article ] ( https://www.15min.lt/naujiena/aktualu/lietuva/antakalnio-kapinese-pergales-dienos-minejime-skambejo-tik-rusu-kalba-ir-mirgejo-georgijaus-juosteliu-spalvos-56-425350 ) which is almost enough . 
  i then found related articles that make the case pretty clear . 
  thank you anyways !, 
   polish-lithuanian puppet valdemaras toma\u0161evskis that 's the second time i heard this . 
  could you provide me some sources so i can be sure before using this argument in my other discussions ? 
  that 's a very thorough response , but here are some fallacies and misunderstandings that are present in it :  putin does doublespeak   no politician ever does that , especially in the west that 's some [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) right there . 
  in fact , many of your arguments are based on that fallacy , ex . 
  : `` putin does that ? 
  but what about the west , they had a similar scandal somewhere sometime ! '', 
  notice how you are constantly blaming the us as if in defense for russia ( propaganda , pumping up television documentaries , interview with the most softball questions possible , outright propaganda , the part where i do the qed ) - it does n't really make russia look any better ...  everything he did to russia   87 % approval rating approval does n't really tell us what he did or did n't do , it tells us how the people see him . 
  and this can be influenced by many other things ...  freedom of speech   80 % of russian households have access to the internet , the ultimate freedom of speech platform   where everyone can be anonymous and their ideas judged purely on merit , not status , authority , gender or fame i 'm not sure if you 've been following the news lately . 
  can you read in [ russian ] ( https://habrahabr.ru/post/331028/ ) ? 
  the problem is highlighted in the first part . 
  it 's moving in the direction of no more `` anonymity '' , the vpns and tors and other anonymity tools are being banned , lists of not allowed websites created , etc. 
  the it crowd is very concerned . 
   assembly   civil activism was unheard of before putin , now russia is leading the world i 've scanned the article and i ca n't really see what you 're getting at . 
  are you saying that activism is good ? 
  the [ article ] ( https://www.opendemocracy.net/od-russia/polina-aronson/mezhdu-bolotnoy-sad-solovev ) discusses protests and how it 's hard to fight against the unfairness of the government . 
  your interpretation seems incorrect to me . 
   in short , look at his actions ( and every similar quote ) please * do * provide your sources that are not wikipedia or the first page of google , as you 've said . 
  i 'm very interested . 
  keep in mind that a few good things done can be considered as a public stunt and do not counteract the bad things . 
  for example , the recent `` live putin help line '' is great for publicity , but the president in a presidential republic should not and can not help everyone by himself . 
  instead he should appoint the right local governors ( who he blames all the time for the mismanagement by the way ... ) . 
  i mean , if there 's 140 million people in russia , and every 10 thousandth person has a serious problem , can he really help all the 14 000 people in a day ? 
  how about a year ? 
  it will take a year to talk with them on the phone , what about making sure their problems are fixed ? 
  i hope you see what i 'm getting at - in a modern world people ca n't really live well in a country with no proper hierarchy of power . 
  and the `` live show '' was the proof that there is no hierarchy - it 's only putin and the people . 
  where is the government ? 
  thank you for reading and for your very skeptical post , i hope you clear up any misunderstandings that i have in my own reply . 
  thanks for the enlightenment !, 
   comparing kw/h works only if fridges are the same size . 
  sorry , i 'm not too familiar with the metrics used for the comparison . 
   shops probably wo n't update the labels . 
  do you mean they wo n't even if they are obliged to ? 
  also , since you ca n't use kw/h , does this mean there is no universal metric you can convert to from the a-g system ? 
  that would mean that my idea ca n't work since users still wo n't be able to compare labels from different years without a table or some app or something ... 
  the way to do this would be this : all the devices in a shop should have the most recent rating labels from a to g . then there would be the exact numbers and rating year below . 
  so , for example , you go to the shop and are choosing a washing machine . 
  since all of the labels are for the most recent energy standards , you can safely assume that a product with label b is better than one with c . then you come home with your new washing machine . 
  your old one had b and you new one has c . you look at the text below - the older has rating b ( 2016 ) xxx kw/h or whatever , the new one - c ( 2017 ) at xxx kw/h , you compare the two values to see the actual difference . 
  the only drawback being that the shops will have to update the labels for products that have n't been bought for a year or whenever the standards are updated . 
  i 've copy-pasted the article , if you 'd like to read it .
