  well , kissinger is objectively worse than obama , but i chose obama because we gave it to him before most of his achievements , solely on the hope that he would deliver on his promises ( a lot of which he did ) . 
  kissinger was already a card-carrying war criminal when he got the prize , but there was , and still is , some kind of circle-jerk worship of kissinger going on . 
  that too . 
  not to mention that we gave it to ourselves twice . 
  nobel peace prize to barack `` drone strike '' obama . 
  i have to say i love the public transportation in london . 
  the only thing that 's problematic for me , personally , is that certain underground lines , i think they 're the older ones , like the piccadilly line , are served by carriages for children . 
  i 'm 6 ' 6 '' and i ca n't even fucking stand in these things . 
  it 's always busy as all hell and it 's actually quite unpleasant . 
  what the fuck is up with that , london ? 
  apart from that , i love london . 
  i was confused until i saw your flair . 
  the world would be a much better place without religion in general . 
  remove potato from mouth before speaking , please . 
  also , in norway we use svenskefaen or partysvenske . 
  except your independence , i guess . 
  yeah , the counter-protests are usually bigger here as well . 
  the norwegian chapter of pegida has been attempting to organise rallies in various norwegian cities , but usually no more than a couple dozen people show up . 
  various israeli ambassadors to norway have also had a penchant for calling norwegians anti-semites . 
  i think it 's part of their job description . 
  it 's only semantics . 
  it 's / u/trucidator , of course he 's ripping the piss out of someone/something . 
  he left out privatization . 
  if you think it would have been handled differently by a different government , that 's just na\u00efve . 
  yeah , but russia is always going to ridicule its enemies with lazy propaganda . 
  we just had to change the law here in norway so we can keep sanctioned russian officials off svalbard , because their deputy prime minister wanted to show off . 
  at least / u/sturle gave actual examples of policies that are arguably unfortunate for the economy . 
  all you did was say the previous government was incompetent . 
  what can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence , and already has . 
  and how are sweden and finland not a neutral buffer between russia and norway ? 
  5th element is literally the only good sci-fi film he 's made . 
  alien : resurrection was not one of them , because he did n't make it . 
  not sure why i thought he made it . 
  however , it was written by joss whedon , which is surprising . 
  it does get downvoted pretty fast , but i feel the biggest problem is that there 's virtually no common ground upon which to start this conversation . 
  the eu ( + eea ) countries have such extremely different immigration policies and i 've yet to see a ` conversation ' about immigration in europe not devolve into a shouting match . 
   norway certainly wo n't rat you out ... we would , if our per capita ratio goes below 2.0 & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
   the mods here do n't like many opinions that are present in / r/europe it 's more that there 's a vocal minority of assholes who like to bash brown people day in and day out , and get their panties in a twist when they ca n't do that . 
  besides , they created / r/european for those people . 
  no true scotsman , indeed . 
  sure , but you still can not into nordic . 
  maybe if you throw in some kali . 
   the lakes of money . 
  we have those too , and we actually have a coastline to defend , so maybe we 'll take those mistrals off your hands ... 
  i 'm aware of this , but that 's clearly not what / u/krnjavi had in mind , since he only mentioned its geographic location , and answered my question with a ` yes ' . 
  no , i was n't serious originally . 
  i 've been commenting a lot today and could n't remember whether i was serious in this one or not , 
   ( jk , like they even want you ) well , they seem to enjoy the money we give them through the eea . 
  in reality , not much would change if norway joined the eu . 
  we 'd still have to pay just as much , we would get to vote on legislation that we currently just have to implement without question , but since representation in the eu is proportional to population , norway would n't actually have much of a say on most things . 
  we have certain exemptions under the eea agreement , like for agriculture and the petroleum sector , where we do n't have to follow all the eu directives/orders , and we 'd have to give those up . 
  why , because that town is majority bosniak ? 
  this was in norway , and must be prefaced with a disclaimer , since my experience is far outside the norm for conscription in norway . 
  i ended up in the army communications batallion , but was on loan to the air force in bardufoss in northern norway ( where 80 % of the norwegian military is still located ) . 
  i ended up serving as a telephone switchboard operator and classified message system operator for the military in northern norway and it was the worst waste of time ever . 
  only fired a gun once in the 3-week basic training , and was n't issued a gun once i was transferred up north . 
  this was probably because my group ( the switchboard operators and classified message handlers ) served under civilians . 
  after basic , we hardly interacted with uniformed personnel at all , and got to eat in the officer 's dining hall for some reason . 
  i also did n't spend a single night in the field , and to this day i 'm the only norwegian i 've encountered who never actually had to really do anything during mandatory service . 
   and a certain norway does ` nt want to join the eu why would we want to do that ? 
  we 've had 2 referendums and voted no both times . 
  it 's because sweden always acts so smug and neutral all the time . 
  he wo n't join our fancy clubs like nato and let germany occupy norway and denmark . 
  if you check costa blanca , you 'll find we already did , 
  norway is hot enough already !, 
   keeps moral high . 
  you 'll get no argument here . 
  we partied with them , and to be honest , norwegians and british people both love alcohol with a passion , norwegians just pay more for the pleasure . 
  when i was serving my norwegian compulsory military service in bardufoss in northern norway , there was a contingent of british military personnel on base training for winter warfare . 
  they had mps with them , and the mps were often sent in to deal with rowdy , drunk british military personnel in the local pubs . 
  the mps were known for using their clubs first and asking questions later . 
   she made a decission , she should face consequences what if she was raped , or there are medical issues outside her control ? 
  you come off as very right-wing . 
  who says he should be forgotten ? 
  we need to remember the tragedy to honour those he sought to dishonour . 
   so why not put a bullet in his head and forget about him ? 
  because we do n't stoop to his level . 
   he had a tendency to run away from responsibility and not taking matters seriously this is every politician , ever . 
  yeah , it 's time for sweden to take back st. petersburg . 
  are n't there any repressed swedish-speakers there ? 
   we swedes also have some dialects , like finnland swedish or dalm\u00e5l not to mention my favourite , the sk\u00e5ne dialect . 
   take croatia , most of it is coastline . 
  it also has king 's landing , so it 's got that going for it , which is nice . 
  one europe united under translation . 
  is n't that what we all thought about the various groups , some former offshoots from al-qaeda , that merged to form isis in 2014 ? 
  yeah , i know why you removed norway , i just wanted to make a funny comment that also mentioned the one country that was n't mentioned as part of five and fourteen eyes , since i 'm sure not everyone knows which countries are part of those groups ( for better or worse ) . 
   why not expel denmark , france and the netherlands for being in the nine eyes ? 
  thanks for leaving out your favourite eea buddy norway from that list . 
   if you get rid of isis , home grown terrorists ca n't join it anymore . 
  there 's really no shortage of other terror organisations just waiting to fill the gap left by taking out isis . 
  and all while listening to the marsaillaise . 
  i agree . 
  i also noticed that the op is a mod , so it 's extra funny . 
   change the title this is impossible . 
  they obviously give too many fucks . 
   french people more than any other tourist expect me do know french ; even more than the germans . 
  you must have been very unlucky with french tourists . 
  i 've met french tourists in many countries , and they 've never expected me to know french . 
  even on my many trips to france itself , i 've never had anyone expect this , expecially if they 're aware that i 'm a tourist . 
  having said that , i do speak french and this usually comes as a shock to most french people .
