  antoni 3 . 
  aleksander 7 . 
  miko\u0142aj do n't get me wrong they are very nice names , but every little girl these days is named lena , julia or zuzanna . 
  it was super cute to watch . 
  no problem , 
  they make my favourite cookies in the world - speculoos . 
  thank you belgium !, 
  i wrote that there are issues with it , so to correct you :  according to the current proposal , it is n't allowed to have two protests in the same place at the same time yes , minimal distance between two demonstrations is to be 100 m.  the government and the church have piority over other ngos and opposition parties when it comes to organising protests . 
  no , that part was removed in the senate by both ruling and opposition party a month ago . 
  crazy right ? 
  it 's almost like you can live in one country and go on the student exchange/holidays to the others . 
  i 'm not actually my government you know . 
  but no , it was n't a government proposal at all - it was citizens initiative , protests happened , it was rejected . 
  second thing - while there 're issues with public gathering 's law * proposal * calling it banning protests is very far-fetched . 
  like veeeery . 
  sorry , but you 're wrong . 
  i wrote about all the * neighbourhoods * ( not all the people ) that i personally have been to . 
  obviously that even does n't mean that i 've been to every one of them that exists . 
  sharing my personal experience = / = claiming all foreigners are criminal . 
  it 's not only my experience anyway , there 's a famous [ femme de la rue documentary made in brussels ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3fb4sp ), 
  really ? 
  point me where i assumed that every foreigner is a criminal , please . 
  are you british ? 
  you sound like a british person . 
  i do n't care if poland stays homogenous or not , what i care about is personal safety and freedom for woman , no gender segregation and fighting sexual harassment . 
  and i 'm glad i do n't have to put up with this shit on a daily basis . 
  accepting everything is madness . 
  i 'm a polish person living in poland so i do n't really see your point . 
  if poles are allowed to move legally abroad , they can do it . 
  if you do n't like it , you can change the rules to stop them . 
  i did n't have any biases before i spent some time in france/belgium and my experience is just that - * not pleasant * . 
  how that makes me a racist ? 
  and it 's not even a race issue , it 's completely cultural one . 
  i wo n't stand for sexism and gender segregation no matter who does that . 
  edit : ok , you 've edited your comment so mine does n't make much sense now . 
  modesty though ? 
  it 's not uncomfortable only because of catcalling , but also because it feels like all the public spaces are taken over by men . 
  it does n't feel like europe and it 's not the reality i 'd want to live in . 
  sexism in some french areas is discussed for years for example by [ ni putes ni soumises movement . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ni_putes_ni_soumises ) btw . 
  kudos for all the women shown in the material !, 
  eh , it 's hardly the news unfortunately . 
  all neighbourhoods i 've been to with high levels of north african/middle eastern immigrants are quite unpleasant to walk in for women , especially those dressed in `` western '' clothes . 
  i 'm really glad i do n't have to put up with it in poland . 
  * sorrynotsorry *, 
  happy 2017 guys and girls !, 
  may all of your new year 's resolutions and dreams come true and have fun - the night is still young , 
   hundreds of north africans stopped by police in cologne why were they stopped ? 
  did something happened in cologne this year too ? 
  merry christmas to you / u/poipoiu56 !, 
   where are you going to travel in poland ? 
  if you will have some questions about our country , let us know in r/poland , 
  we would welcome them with open arms . 
  ca n't see this deportation thing happening though , but nice argument you have here , 
  it 's not really about creationism per se . 
  if people are ignorant about that , how much better is their knowledge of economy , politics or even history ? 
  maybe you 're right and i think too highly of people  i 've read a reddit thread yesterday about false facts people believe for a long time or something like that , and i was completely flabbergasted that so many americans thought men have one rib less than women ( creating eve right ? ), 
  and now i think maybe we 're not that much better as a society . 
  ( * if * we 're better ), 
  thanks for the links . 
  i 've read the study you linked ( it 's not that long - 37 pages ) and could n't find information about creationism and evolution at all . 
  it shows abysmal level of scientific knowledge in general but i did n't find this specific data . 
  according to the study 47,8 % of poles believe that humans that the earliest humans lived at the same time as the dinosaurs ( p. 22 ) and frankly i do n't know how to comment on that . 
  good thing - they 're probably not creationists ( or god created the dinosaurs too ??? 
  ) , bad thing - they really did n't pay attention at school and i 'd hate to call people idiots but ... 
  but who believes in creationism here ? 
  it 's not the us . 
  catholics do n't take the bible literally anyway , do they ? 
  maybe it will make you feel better that it was the same thing in my country . 
  some people brought their own pens to be sure the ink is * safe * and their vote wo n't be tempered with . 
  craaaazy times . 
   probably the hardest working europeans . 
  syrians do n't work . 
  wo n't work . 
  do n't know how to work . 
  and how many syrians do you even know hmmm ? 
  are they really everyday life photos ? 
  awful lot of traditional regional costumes . 
  still pretty cool to see in colour . 
  sorry , it really is that stupid and offensive . 
  how can the polish catholic church have enough nerve to say that civil authorities are to be a part of this event is beyond me . 
  are n't we supposed to be a secular country ? 
  but , sorry for being blunt , is it `` old people thing '' or young people do that too ? 
  central europe confirmed :d on more serious note , i 've only heard one story about bribing - from my grandmother . 
  she gave her doctor an `` envelope '' and every other family member was quite outraged because she should n't have done that and that the doctors get paid as it 's their job . 
  you mean mostly right-wing extremism ? 
  anyway , congrats to german police , they really seem competent at dealing with islamism . 
  finally , some news about poland i can click on . 
  i have no doubt that many pis supporters attended the rally , but that does n't mean that the party itself burned a puppet of a jew . 
  which party burned a jew puppet ? 
  your score : 65 % ( 26 points out of 40 ) to be fair i only was in denmark for 1 day in my life . 
  sorry , i 'm polish . 
  when i want to have a nice and cheap drink , i do n't leave the country . 
   i do n't remember much about riga , but the little i remember is positive . 
  riga 's art nouveau district was lovely . 
   austria , czechia , slovakia and possibly poland ( do they mean the main market square of warsaw , krak\u00f3w , wroc\u0142aw or some other city ? ), 
  have the same `` just visit the fucking capital , do n't bother with the rest of the country '' vibe . 
  it 's main market square of krak\u00f3w for sure . 
  are you dissing `` szcz '' now ? 
  hmm ?
