  no worries , i was just wondering if it 's something polish and somehow i do n't recognize it  if it 's tasty , do n't think too much and enjoy :d, 
  very sensible explanation . 
  i bet that if we had this kind of a rapid change in poland , some people would feel the same . 
  i would n't feel unwelcomed in polish shops if i were you , it 's probably a mix of less customer friendly service we 're used to in poland and maybe feeling uneasy speaking english . 
  what is sopoka though ? 
  you mean sopocka ham ? 
  i surprised how nice south slavic languages sound to me , especially slovenian . 
  romanian is great too . 
  i would say that czech and ukrainian were the most easy to understand . 
  come and visit poland , alcoholic beverages are cheap too , 
  we seem to be a little bit crazy about military hmmm ... 
   what about marrying animals ? 
  or even marrying furniture ? 
  let me know when your wardrobe can give consent . 
  but obvious troll is obvious c'mon . 
  is this a / s post ? 
  they have a march once a year and it 's `` rubbing '' into people faces ? 
  why do you even care ? 
  they have every right to be visible in public space . 
  gay people can get married in many other countries and these countries obviously did n't collapse , i see no reason why they should n't have this right in poland too . 
  that skyscrapercity thread is just too good !, 
  hilarious but kinda sad at the same time . 
  i think i have * \u017culoskwer * near my flat ... 
  is n't it about the war with bolsheviks in 1919 - 1921 ? 
  that how i understood that . 
  it does n't happen to me either . 
  i think the last time in my country i experienced it in 2012 ( ? 
  ) , but it was common when i was visiting brussels last summer . 
  very unpleasant experience . 
  france . 
  i miss france : awesome food , beautiful archtecture , landscape and people . 
  i really like the baltics too , but i ca n't choose which one the most . 
  it feels so calm there . 
  do n't give us ideas ... 
  i love eurovision , it 's campy , over the top , fun and amusing . 
  and sometimes , just sometimes , in this rare moment you can find some music you genuinely like and would n't find otherwise . 
  never underestimate the power of determination and number of polish people abroad . 
  to be honest , i have no idea , maybe some people really liked this song ( ? ), 
  i think i will check the people votes from particular countries , if there 's uk , ireland and germany etc. 
  with high scores for poland then yes , it 's immigrants . 
  if not only these countries , i will be surprised . 
  no one likes us , but we have immigrants all over the europe ? 
  georgia was awesome !, 
  totally checking the band out after eurovision . 
  i do n't know * now * but when i was a kid , louis de funes movies aired every sunday . 
  ok , not every sunday but it felt like it back then . 
  i believe that his movies are comedy classics in poland . 
  edit : ok , i think know what i 'm going to watch this evening :p, 
  it 's cool !, 
  i 'm glad you like our country  i really was n't sure if you were serious or not and now i know . 
  ekhm , maybe you should look up and actually read because i 'm pretty sure the word `` pristine '' appeared in the first comment i replied to . 
  i do n't care much about the roads and that 's not what i referred to with my '' / s ? '', 
  comment '' . 
  you know , i really like our country , but i would n't call it pristine . 
  like / u/koniolub said , all 's relative i guess . 
  / s , right ? 
  what anti-ukrainian provocations with the support of polish government are there actually ? 
   after leaving eurocorps who else to befriend ? 
  we 're not and do n't plan to leave eurocorps . 
  not that it 's actually your business anyway . 
  okay , i 'm nor sure i follow you ? 
  we '' re far right wing now ( you mean pis or what ? ), 
  because we 've never dealt with our nazi past ? 
  sweden is used as an example of leftist utopia which because its own naivety brought down by those evil muslim immigrants . 
  it must be slightly disturbing to get so much of the international attention on you country and it saddens me when i observe how much of it sinks in with people . 
   btw , that 's an expensive p\u0105czek these 're paw\u0142owicz prices , i 'm afraid . 
  i think they cost even 3,80 z\u0142 now . 
  really , you do n't have it ? 
  it 's very tasty , especially with rosehip marmelade and almonds . 
  like [ this one . 
  ] ( http://madameedith.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/najlepsze-p%c4%85czki-w-warszawie-15.jpg ) edit : i think they 're available all over poland , for sure they 're famous in warsaw so maybe you should visit us , 
  :( ( ( i ca n't hear you , am too busy contemplating grabbing my 7th one !, 
  1 . rosehip marmalade 2 . there 's a wide range of toffi , eggnog , chocolate , jams , puddings 3 . no idea 4 . pudding 5 . for me , plum jam 6 . imo the dough , no good feeling can save a p\u0105czek if the dough is bad, 
  as often portugal is our long - lost ee cousin , 
  come over here , there 's [ tiny amount left at my work ] ( http://imgur.com/a/iirdt ) , 
  i 'm sorry but beer smugglers sound just so adorable and innocent . 
  i would never disrespect ancient polish tradition of fat thursday just for staying slim and slender  5 p\u0105czki and counting !, 
  nice . 
  what country is this ? 
  no idea . 
  i will probably be in some deep trouble . 
  i try not to think about far future because it actually scares me a lot . 
  i only know for sure that i 'd hate to be a burden to my hypothetical children or someone else . 
  even if i wanted children , i could n't afford it . 
  i have to pay for myself ( duh ) and more and more for my parents whose pension will be almost non-existing . 
  so thank you , but no thank you , i do n't see it . 
  if it 's ok to ask : what were the problems in the neighbourhood you grew up in ? 
  if it is , 37 % for poland is actually high . 
  yeah , it 's rare but happens . 
  i 've had 2-3 male coworkers who shook hands with everyone present every morning . 
  in real life sometimes they do , mostly they do n't . 
  shaking hands when meeting someone for the first time regardless of gender is pretty widespread . 
  * economic migrants from ukraine and yes , some people do complain about them , but it 's not common to do so . 
  not that it actually matters , but i 'm not sure about this 24 yrs old difference . 
  it seems to be 19 years . 
  we 're bigger country than romania , been in the eu longer ( it 's about total eu contribution ) and maybe we 're more experienced in spending eu money ? 
  i do n't know how the absorbtion of structural funds looks like in romania . 
  lithuanian one sounds for sure like some got name . 
  but enjoy your sausage fest : , 
  well , i 'm not french , but as far as i know lille used to be big when it comes to textile industry and mining .
