not even chopin eh ? ... 
  actually , you 're right - i did n't notice the flag . 
  i 'm even more suprised then . 
  but hurr durr these evil , sexist slavs seems to be popular opinion in we . 
  it makes me laugh actually . 
  checked , it 's a problem here , but * wives ' obedience * ? 
  lol, 
  i 've been to berlin and while i 've got to say it is an interesting city , it has a lot of cool places and it 's relatively cheap , i prefer warsaw sooo much more . 
  i might have had too big expectations as i grew up with stories about glorious western berlin and how amazing and totally different than poland it was in 89-91 , 
  people are just ignorant and confuse roma with romanians . 
  ( we 're not the only ones though , when i was in france my hosts told me that romania is the country where all the roma people live ... ) i have to admit i 'm surprised how many nations `` we '' do n't like  anyway , i 've met only cool romanians abroad and the language is beautiful , 
  wow !, 
  beautiful photos !, 
  totally have to visit . 
  exactly , it 's now allowed in this 3 cases , but there 's people initiative where they want to ban it at all . 
  they just need 100 000 citizens signatures and it will be voted in polish parliement . 
  i hope it wo n't pass , it 's just cruel to woman . 
  i 've heard on the radio that even a part of pis does n't want it changed because they fear negative feedback from some of their own voters ( !, 
  and abortion ban is coming too !, 
  i still believe that they wo n't dare to touch it . 
  lots of love from poland , guys !, 
  you 're our favourite < 3 !, 
  it feels nice to be irrelevant in that case . 
  10/10 would recommend . 
  i doubt he 's going full conchita tho . 
  he only had painted nails and long hair on polish elimination . 
  not that unusual for an artist . 
  whats what ?!, 
  ok , just joking but in poland pretty much everyone uses fb messenger and text messaging . 
  or maybe i 'm too old and there 's something else widespread here . 
  gosh , it would be so cool if it was higherpower-atheist-mason-thingy temple . 
  i knew the idea came in the late 18 century , but i sort of assumed it was always supposed to be a catholic church , thanks for the link !, 
  i did n't mean it seriously . 
  i just remember reading similar news about refugees leaving other ee countries like poland , czech republic , latvia or now lithuania , so it 's suprising to hear that it 's different in estonia . 
  do you have any idea why they have chosen to stay ? 
  just the nordics thing ? 
  what 's the general sentiment towards refugees in estonia ? 
   one who got the citizenship and was mad because the president of sweden did n't do anything about refugees ( a polish woman , and i know , she has freedom of movement anyway , i 'm just talking about the lack of integration ) the famous swedish president huh ? 
  swedes can grant their citizenship as they want to , it 's probably not my place to judge . 
  i do n't think that many of these people plan to move to other european country anyway . 
  yet , it blows my mind how you can get the citizenship that easily so it means effectively nothing . 
  i think you can use your id as a passport in all eea countries , it 's not really about schengen . 
  my top 5 are : stockholm , leipzig , dresden , hannover , berlin . 
  i should have learnt to speak german i guess . 
  c'mon , be fair . 
  [ some of them came back to syria . 
  ] ( http://krakow.wyborcza.pl/krakow/1,44425,20660118,polskie-realia-za-trudne-syryjczycy-wyjechali-z-tarnowa.html ) edit : i may add that i think we should do a better job helping syrians who flee from the war , but i understand why they do n't want to stay here . 
  no one should be forced to stay in poland , it 's insane . 
  in warsaw you pay that for a water , beer prices start usually at 8 z\u0142 . 
  and yeah , responding to your other comment - i have n't seen a room for 500 z\u0142 either . 
  earning 2k here is not a lot to live on . 
  it seems i must defend the french huh ? 
  i 've been for some time in france ( no , not in paris ) and it was n't all that bad , especially with people under 30 . 
  i 've never got the impression that they know english , but just do n't want to use it , it was more like they were quite shy ( ??? ), 
  about it , probably because of lack of practice . 
  hoping to finally move out before i turn 25 so i wo n't be included in next statistics like this . 
  i wish i found my own place when i was 21-22 - i 'm sure there are people who are perfectly happy living with their parents when they 're adults but i 'm not one of them . 
  i 've always felt weird in krakow . 
  everything is so old and it feels almost claustrophobic . 
  it 's super pretty though . 
  c'mon , you ca n't seriously believe that . 
  they did n't destroy whole city or killed everyone . 
   `` why is poland getting hotter ? '', 
  well , thank you finland , let 's pretend it 's not a coincidence . 
  i hoped polish google shows something cool about finland too , but nope , same results as in germany . 
  you guys should really join the nato . 
  it seems it would clarify the concerns of many europeans . 
  oh my god , germany , you ca n't just ask a country why they 're * so * poor . 
  my fault , do n't know why i thought for a sec that he was from the ministry of foreign affairs . 
  still , chirac 's unfortunate words were said years ago , even before our eu accession . 
  now we do n't really need to make our relations with fellow europeans worse than they already are . 
  i 'd prefer if he would be mindful enough of `` silentium est aurum '' to apply that words to himself . 
  the guy is sooo embarassing , how he can be working in diplomacy * is beyond me . 
  i hoped his ridiculous statement would n't reach international news ... every time i think it ca n't be worse , they prove me wrong . 
  * he does n't and i need to think before i write sometimes , 
  for me it was confusing but hey , that what happens when you confuse word `` accident '' with `` incident '' and that makes you sound like some lowkey asshole . 
  all the cuteness credit goes to / u/verlateish , 
  and ? 
  who says it 's normal ? 
  it happens though , both in the uk and poland . 
  we have some aggressive and racist idiots and so do they . 
  it does n't mean that we hunt foreigners and beat them up all the time . 
  hmmm , yeah maybe not my best choice of a word . 
  hate crime ? ... 
  lyon has tons of old buildings , it 's a very pretty city overall . 
  and la confluence is a great modern neighborhood , it looks probably much better in real life . 
  in case you or someone else is interested : it 's the second case when an accident like that happened in torun , the victim is erasmus student , in poland for the second time . 
  the accident took place around 3.30 , friday/saturday night at 24h store ( my bet is on liquor store  . 
  first suspect is already held by police , he 's 15 yrs old ... 
  student punched in the face seems to be erasmus student  at least according [ to the news . 
  they 're probably erasmus students , i have n't heard about lots of turkish students coming to study in poland . 
  i know that there 's a lot ( relatively ) swedish people coming to study medicine in gdansk . 
  do you honestly expect people who beat up foreigners to know about polish/turkish relations ? 
  i did n't know about embassy story either , it 's nice of you turkey , 
  you 're a perfect immigrant are n't you ? 
  it 's awesome how much you are eager to be a part of romanian society ( no / s here ) best luck in romania , 
  thanks romania  we truly appreciate the support . 
   just pointing out that , nothing to do with migrants , but this is the same for most people . 
  most people do n't know that a lot of eastern european countries are really good , that 's the same from westerners alone , never mind people who are n't from ` the west ' . 
  eastern europe need some kind of campaign to show that it 's a really nice place for people to go on holiday and stuffs .
