   of course it 's a nice place for holidays . 
  i love visiting other ee countries . 
  they 're awesome , interesting , full of history , cheap and safe . 
  but , if you 're not some kind specialist with a pretty nice wage , but instead you have to rely on state aid then it 's tough . 
  tougher then the same option in we . 
  * razem party is pretty much new communist party , looking at their propositions as well as their idols . 
  * yeah , such communists . 
  most citizens are probably against abortion on demand , not current law . 
  this . 
  i do n't support this view , but i get where it 's coming from . 
  asz dziennik can be hilarious , thanks . 
  to be honest , i 've seen this protest all over my social media ( fb , instagram ) and we even discuss it here on reddit , so yeah , i think they did a good job at raising awareness about the issue . 
  there are people who earn very well of course , but yeah , average joe is earning peanuts compared to our western neighbours . 
  from my own experience : last summer i worked at the reception desk in a big international company - 500 euro after tax , 2 years ago as a barista 500 euro before tax . 
  pis won in the all age groups in poland during last elections . 
  why not ? 
  poland is more right wing now , when the world `` socialist '' is almost a slur , but during interwar peroid socialist ideas were stronger than now . 
  not all of eastern europeans are slavs . 
  calling romanians slavs upset them more than calling czechs eastern europeans , 
  i think we were always quite nationalistic but it 's quite understandable when your national identity is threatened most of the time . 
  still , one of the most important parties in polish politics history was pps - left wing af . 
  how were we always a right wing country ? 
  do n't tell things like this to romanians , 
  i find not serving someone because he 's spanish/polish/muslim or whatever completely absurd . 
  it 's just too broad category . 
  i would never do that as a restaurant owner . 
  people should be judged on individual basis . 
  cases like this cause unecessary conflict in society , and i do n't think france needs this . 
  would you be so chill if someone refused to serve to you just because you 're polish ? 
  merci !, 
  i love it too , for couple of first hours when it 's still white and shiny  i was talking more about the winter darkness tho . 
  it 's beautiful there , but i do n't know how one survives winter in the north . 
  i 'd probably be depressed every year . 
  sans doute cracovie . 
  czech republic . 
  atheists , beer and similar language , sign me in . 
  amusing yes , but slightly offensive right ? 
  people here was n't pleased when some of `` our '' refugees which were given flat etc. 
  run away to germany anyway . 
  eu refugee redistribution prove to be absurd again as many people claimed before . 
  why are you guys learning it ? 
  have you moved to poland or something like this ? 
  your english is fine , i got it  but in theory , what about gay men ? 
  how they can avoid loosing their mind when other men are not covered ? 
  yes , i agree with you . 
  hijab is fine , no threat to security whatsoever but i just ca n't grasp a reasoning behind it though . 
  i do n't know how much this burqa ban is really about the security and how much about pandering to the changing social mood . 
  if you do n't mind me asking what job does a hijab do and why men are not required to wear one ? 
  it depends really . 
  i think we should totally embrace being in eastern europe , there 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  and this east-central europe thing we 'd like to be associated with ... nah , feels like trying too hard . 
  ok , i will settle for mail order plumber country :3, 
  i really liked latvia , especially the beaches . 
  it was a nice change after overcrowded polish ones . 
  all the baltic countries deserve more attention because it 's absolutely charming and worth-visiting . 
  that 's what i thought too , but i encountered it in real life so maybe it 's more eastern european . 
  mail-order brides ? 
  it 's not widespread stereotype though ( ? ) . 
  frankly i do n't care enough to get angry . 
  there 's a time and a place for different comments but it 's not now . 
  try not to enjoy yourself too much when people are hurt . 
  calm down , really . 
  what shitty parts do you think i should be aware of ? 
  apart from * in * famous * banlieue * like saint-denis ? 
  i want to take advantage of the free museum admission for under 26 yrs old but good luck finding a travel buddy to france after all that happened eh ? ... 
  guys , stop :( i so wanted to visit paris this year , you 're killing my enthusiasm . 
  it 's so weird/amusing to be referred to as a `` nordic country '' . 
  my friend tries to convince me to travel to the uk for couple of days , but the more news i hear , the less i want to ever step a foot there ... 
  aww commonwealth still there , 
   you know what else is funny . 
  that during a rule of a liberal party this case was never brought by any media . 
  [ 2013 wp.pl ] ( http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1342,title,polska-to-jedyny-kraj-ue-ktory-zatrudnia-koreanczykow-z-polnocy-wspieramy-rezim,wid,15926789,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=11752d&amp;_ticrsn=3 ) quite mainstream right ? 
  new government is doing couple of things right , even i can admit that , but i would n't search for some conspiracy here . 
  po had much better pr in western europe . 
  its called * parawaning * and its a source of many jokes about our fellow countrymen . 
  for example this : [ left - 6 am a pole at work , right - a pole on holidays ] ( http://www.miastokultury.pl/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/andrzej-rysuje-pl-wyborcza-pl.jpg ), 
  hah , almost the same for me : modernism  brutalism  neoclassicism  glass & steel . 
  we 're still lucky they decided rebuild warsaw as it is at all , there were some plans to relocate capital city to lodz after ww2 . 
  they put great amount of work into reconstruction anyway and it took some time , for example royal castle was finished in the 70s if i remember correctly . 
  yep , we do . 
  do people know this even in morocco ? 
  that 's impressive :d it 's crazy how many gated communities was built recently and frankly as an inhibitant of this `` quite poorly built ramshackle part of town '' i fail to see a real ( not psychological ) need for that . 
  its pretty safe everywhere duh . 
  well , i see canada , us or even new zealand - all multicultural , and maybe i 'm wrong , but i ca n't recall similar mass sexual assaults happening there . 
  what sweden did : opening its borders to huge amount of people they know nothing of ( they can be criminals or sexual offenders in their home countries ) , not checking if said minors are really minors etc. 
  does n't seem to be very sensible policy , but it does n't mean all men from me are rapists . 
  you 're disgusting . 
  you know that , right ? 
  edit : sorry , was too harsh , it 's been a long day and your comment is giving this `` they had it coming '' vibe . 
  and socialism , multiculturalism = / = accepting sexual violence, 
  yep , we 're here just for the money . 
  congratulations , you 've got us . 
  my deepest condolences to turkish people and all the victims ' families . 
  it 's awful that these attacks keep happening , stay strong turkey !, 
  do you really think poles are better qualified in comparison to pakstanis and middle-easteners ? 
  after all , uk have control over non-uk migration so why they would agree on that ? 
  but not with us in 2004 . 
  i dunno , hating on jews seems to be so last century . 
  i do n't really see antisemitic slogans on the walls these days . 
  where are you from ?
