`` a * bicycle * with * swastikas * for wheels ? 
  that 's the dutchest thing i 've seen all day . '', 
  - erdogan , probably . 
  it blows my mind that even in western europe , `` muh historical sphere of influence '' is a favoured argument of the far-right when it comes to rationalising russian military aggression in ukraine . 
  exactly how much sympathy did we get from the russians when their proxy-military in ukraine massacred 200 of our fellow citizens and a 100 more people on the mh17 ? 
  maybe when the russian people stop supporting the government that has been `` lighting up '' half of ukraine and get putin to hand over the people responsible for `` lighting up '' the mh17 , we might get around to put some coloured lights up . 
  until then , all my sympathies to the victims of the attack , but russia can go get fucked when they expect diplomatic niceties . 
  the british and other prospective europeans can help too . 
  service guarantees eu citizenship !, 
  i think the eu has had , and will continue to have , a hugely positive impact on my country 's position in the world . 
  throughout the centuries , our ancestors have lived under long-term occupation by the spanish , french and germans , and have fought major naval battles against the british . 
  history shows that when european politics is left purely to larger countries and their own interests , smaller countries like us are very much at risk of getting pushed around . 
  we 're not on an island like the british , or surrounded by mountains like the swiss ; instead , we 're a small , flat , fertile country directly surrounded by some of the greatest world powers - and half of our country is below sea level . 
  when push comes to shove , we are very vulnerable . 
  i 'm not saying that without the eu we would have the 80 years war or the napoleonic era all over again , but the geopolitical muscle of larger countries works also in trade , diplomacy , et cetera . 
  the framework of the eu puts us on a much more equal footing with other european countries . 
  we are no longer alone in an ongoing geopolitical moshpit , but instead officially on the same team with our fellow europeans . 
  it would suck having to face off against tyrants like putin and erdogan on our own . 
  within the eu , my country is in a far better position to take on the challenges of the 21st century . 
  the eu is in no way perfect or flawless . 
  there are drawbacks and vulnerabilities and problems foreseen and unforeseen , but i think those problems can and will be addressed in time . 
  nothing made my humans is ever flawless . 
  there 's lots more i could say to answer your question , as i have n't mentioned how the eu positively impacts my personal life and opportunities , or how the eu can be a force for good on the global stage , but i 'm trying to keep this concise . 
   so called ` liberals ' ( in fact , well veiled fascists ) i found erdogan 's reddit account, 
  you 're right , thx . 
  the number of seats that pvda won last time was very much due to circumstances and not completely representative of their own base . 
  in 2012 greenleft had collapsed from 10 * to 4 seats because of some collossal fuckups , and wilders had just had his first shot at governing when vvd and cda allied with him . 
  lots of people on the left were looking for strong opposition against wilders and pvda was seen by many ( including me at the time ) as the most viable option ( sp will never be in a government coalition as long as vvd exists , d66 does n't have an economically left program , gl was in the dumps ) . 
  so lots of people scrambled to vote pvda . 
  as others pointed out here , many people think pvda has been a disappointment in this current coalition , which has contributed a lot to their loss this week . 
  but that 's not the whole story . 
  with gl coming back to the fore again ( new programme , new leader , new enthusiasm ; recovered to the number of seats they had in their heyday about 10 years ago ) , there was going to be a major number of people `` going back home '' to gl and who no longer have a reason to seek shelter with the pvda . 
   a fictional roman he has written and a far-left blog it 's interesting how you avoid talking about that tpo piece by baudet . 
  would you care to comment on how the narrative of that fictional novel aligns completely with his unironic defense of blanc 's behaviour ? 
  and how do you feel about how he doubled down on his views as expressed in that tpo piece when he was in dwdd ? 
  i voted pvda in 2012 because i was desperate for real opposition against wilders and gl was in the dumps . 
  i `` came back home '' to gl this year but i do feel for the pvda . 
  i think they have been assigned a disproportionate amount of blame for the negative aspects of the outgoing government 's policies . 
  that 's a fair assessment . 
  and the center right ( cda , vvd ) have been increasingly co-opting wilders ' themes and rhetoric for years , so the center has definitely shifted towards the right . 
  i do n't expect wilders will be offered the chance to scuttle another coalition like he did before , and i wonder if he even wants another chance at that because it bit him in the ass as well . 
  correct , but 76 is really minimal . 
  if one mp decides to go rogue , the majority is gone . 
  that happened with three seats this past term . 
  any coalition that wants to make it through should aim for 80 or so . 
  yes . 
   there 's no way those parties all differ enough to warrant being on the ballot . 
  that 's where you 're wrong , friend . 
  a party that wants to participate must pay 11.250 euros upfront , about 10.000 will be refunded if they manage to gain a seat in parliament . 
  parties can participate in 19 different voting districts . 
  in order to ` unlock ' a district they need to get 30 signatures from supporters in that district . 
  parties can also gather 10 signatures in the dutch caribbean islands and participate there . 
  this sounds easy but it 's actually pretty difficult for parties that have very localised support , because they may have a hard time branching out to other parts of the country . 
  the more districts they participate in , the larger their potential share of the total number of votes cast . 
  if a party gets 0,67 % of the total number of votes , they gain 1 of the 150 seats in parliament . 
   geert wilders ( hoe dan ) praised be our wise pharaoh for asking the real questions . 
  imo , the last debate of any campaign season is usually boring . 
  parties tend to avoid taking risks and rhetorical slip-ups when they have no more time to correct those . 
  and by the end they 've already said all the things that they intend to draw voters with , there wo n't be any shiny new statements . 
   this human degenerate get fucked . 
  he 's been repeating this line every other week for the past 10 + years . 
  in nl it is hardly even noticed when he says stuff like this . 
   it is these exact values which values and traditions that he seeks to protect . 
  absolutely not . 
  he constantly goes on personal vendettas against political opponents and dissenters within his own party - a party that is a one-man show in which nobody but him has a say . 
  he constantly advocates more power and less oversight for law enforcement . 
  he spits on legal checks and balances against misuse of state power . 
  he sees the fucking constitution and agreed-to international treaties as inconvenient hindrances to his agenda . 
  he has absolutely * nothing * in common with people who want to protect humanism and tolerance . 
  i 'm assuming nos.nl ( public news broadcaster ) will have something like that coming up . 
  possibly various newspapers too . 
   it is uniquely easy to get a seat in the house of reps here and yet , the only parties i remember to actually pull this off are pvdd and 50 + . 
  and the former needed several attempts . 
  most new parties ( including pvv , denk and vnl ) started out as spin-offs from established parties - and historically , many of those have failed to actually to make it through an actual election after striking out on their own . 
   could n't a party win 49 % of the votes and every other party combine to shut that party out ? 
  any party getting 49 % of the votes is an exceedingly unlikely scenario , of course . 
  but generally , coalitions are formed with a few ` expendable ' seats in mind because things can happen along the way . 
  our current government started out with 79 seats ( iirc ) and lost three during their term ( mps who left their parties , but took their seats with them ) . 
  this left the government only a single seat away from losing their absolute majority in parliament . 
  so : no , a 51 % is unlikely to be attempted as it would be extremely fragile . 
   to be completely shut out of government with absolutely 0 say that 's never the case . 
  any party , opposition or not , can propose legislation . 
  some parties have proven highly effective at influencing government policy while in the opposition . 
  last time it went really quickly , because there were two clear winners with enough seats and ideological compatibility to form a coalition . 
  i think it 's going to take much long this time around because the vote ( looks to be ) much more distributed along the whole spectrum . 
  i expect that many parties will sense they have plenty of room to manoeuvre and negotiate and before they either make concessions ( in order to get into a coalition ) or decide to become opposition . 
  assuming the polls are somewhat correct , there will be a significant number of viable coalitions , so it will take time to explore the various options . 
  here 's hoping a coalition will be formed before june . 
  `` who , after all , speaks today of the annihilation of the armenians ? '', 
  ... oh wait , that was the other guy . 
  i mix them up all the time , i think it 's because of the moustaches . 
  i get what you 're saying , but having turkey as an `` ally '' brings great risks as well . 
  getting them into nato and seeking rapprochement at the eu level probably made sense at some point , but i do n't think it 's getting us ( in the west ) the intended results . 
  the turks shot down a russian jet a while ago and then that radicalised kook killed that russian ambassador . 
  turkey is n't going to stop feeding the religious/nationalist frenzy anytime soon so stuff like this will keep happening and the russians * will * lose their cool the third , fourth or fifth time . 
  i think it 's better if we 're not in some sort of of awkward pseudo-alliance with turkey when that happens . 
  i mean , i personally am no supporter of the monarchy and would prefer an eventual re-founding of the republic , but these guys are going way overboard with the symbolism . 
  willy en max are alright , no need to cut them up . 
   holliwood intelectial inbreads okay . 
  authoritarian nationalism was the defining feature of european politics in the first half of the 20th century .
