  seems like an good place to ride out a zombie apocalypse . 
  interesting to see . 
  your home looks really nice , as do the cats , and your workplace looks really similar to mine . 
  i have the same setup with multiple monitors , a phone and headset - although i should definitely start bringing cucumbers to work  i 've never visited leipzig but the town sure has some nice architecture ( like the university building ) . 
  not at all . 
  russia used to contribute to european culture through art , literature , music and other things . 
  now they seem to be content with being seen as a completely backward country that bullies and threatens its neighbours . 
  the only bit of culture russia brought to europe last year were particularly savage hooligans that assaulted people during the world cup . 
  makes me think there never was a deal , just some `` proposal '' . 
  but then there was also this leaked joint statement . 
  ah , i 'll wait until someone posts a topic / article that summarises the events . 
  it does n't seem like much . 
  i 'm skeptical that a party like m5s could pull alde off their ideological course like that , but we 'll see . 
  i 'm curious as to how the euphoric trump-hards and the one or two italians over at r/the _ italia are going to take this . 
  prior to the referendum they thought m5s was `` their '' italian team . 
   guy with metal problems blaming metal music for society 's woes is so 1980 's . 
  but you 're right , accessible and affordable mental health care is critical . 
  to all the chroniclers out there : let it be known that , apart from all the other stuff that happened , 2016 was the year in which the dutch intensified their search for fart porn by 126 % . 
  a hint for the clueless please ? 
  i honestly never knew about the `` austrian netherlands '' . 
   more of an expression of a strong local culture than anything else . 
  [ tfw ] ( http://www.gunaxin.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/chuck-norris.jpg ), 
  here 's a piece by tim urban of waitbutwhy . 
  he went through a bunch of names and found all sorts of interesting correlations between the popularity of names and historical events , geographic areas and political leanings . 
  he 's from the us so all his examples are drawn from there but it got me thinking about names in my country too . 
  that 's a good one too . 
   could put it on pay per view . 
  what 's that i hear ? 
  i think that 's the sound of 350 million pounds a week coming through !, 
  lately many people have been saying stuff like `` i ca n't wait for 2016 to be over , such a crappy year '' , as if the world will begin with a clean slate and the current historical , social and political processes wo n't necessarily continue . 
  i think this cover can be seen as satirizing such a naive view , but your points also apply . 
  there are layers . 
  the pantomime dude endorsed the rioter with a ` thumbs up ' . 
  oh no , turkeyball is wielding their most feared weapon : battle kebab . 
  that , indeed . 
  additionally , russia 's stance on lgbt issues and the way they bully and push around smaller neighbouring countries ( georgia , baltics ) really ticks me off . 
  never heard of that , where does that happen ? 
  maybe i should go , 
  that 's completely true , and i 'm hoping along with you . 
  congress and the house ? 
  both rep majorities and the `` never trump '' crowd are falling over each other to prove their loyalty to him now . 
  just months ago , mitt romney said : `` donald trump is a phony , a fraud . 
  his promises are as worthless as a degree from trump university , [ ... ] `` he 's playing the american public for suckers : he gets a free ride to the white house and all we get is a lousy hat . '', 
  [ just look at him now . 
  ] ( http://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/intelligencer/2016/11/30/30-romney.w710.h473.jpg ) i agree with you on trump flip-flopping all over the place , but i 'm not too sure the institutions are going to keep him in check if the people running them care just a bit more about their own positions in it than they do about the country and the people . 
  and questioned for any intel regarding further attacks and the network he was connected to . 
  but eh , we 'll have to take what we can get . 
  it 's still better than him getting away . 
  finland beats us again !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  ok , i understand where you 're coming from now . 
  i respect your opinion in this and historical connotations around a word can matter a great deal . 
  i 'm from leiden originally and have a slight accent from there , but it comes out hard when i 'm emotional , like surprised or angry . 
  the most notable aspect of it is the pronunciation of the r in sort of english way ( `` water '' -  `` waterrr '' ) . 
  [ here 's a little crash course in proper leids by a local comedian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibaqjsqsmec ) ( can be funny if you speak or understand dutch ) . 
  all over the country is that there are local accents and dialects , but people only use them to various degrees . 
  the lady in the interview was a hero for participating in the fight against the nazi regime at enormous personal risk to herself . 
  the violent methods employed by her and her fellow fighters are merely a response to the brutality of the nazi regime . 
  if their resistance work could have been just as effective by organising strikes , sit-ins , writing protest songs et cetera they probably would have done that . 
  but those were things that got people locked up back then . 
  at that point , killing the enemy was the only way . 
  then i 'd say your grandfather 's actions define him as a person who sat on a gun and accidentally nearly engaged in direct action against nazi germany . 
  could have been worse . 
  edit because edit : downtime is a bullshit distinction . 
  a target is a target and the resistance - outgunned , outnumbered , and with the entire state apparatus turned against them - were completely in the right to use whatever means they had to resist . 
  they could have shivved their enemies in their sleep for all i care . 
  if you invade another country , do n't cry about people wanting to fuck you up for it . 
  considering the methods nazi germany employed it 's utterly ridiculous to accuse others of cheating . 
  as for the `` if you gain something by it '' clause in your legitimate resistance ^ tm manual : killing soldiers , destroying resources - every way and method of giving the oppressor a hard time all contributed to the eventual overthrow of the regime . 
  if the germans had to employ troops to guard their soldiers during downtime , then would mean there are fewer soldiers available to drag jews out of their homes . 
  if soldiers are constantly on edge , they 'll be demoralized and less effective . 
  every wrench in the gears of the nazi machine was a legitimate one . 
   my issue is mainly with what id_tagged and now you said , that every soldier of an occupying army is a bad person i said it a couple times in this thread , maybe not to you specifically , but my point is that a person 's intentions do n't make any ethical or moral difference if they participate in monstrous actions . 
  when an executioner pulls the trigger , it does n't matter if they do so with hesitation or eagerness . 
  the person they kill is dead either way - the executioner having second thoughts does n't make the victim any less dead . 
  * actions define us * , not intentions . 
  if a german soldier was n't ` actually bad ' , but still assisted the fervent nazis at every turn , then there is no meaningful or practical difference between the two types - and that 's what makes them all legitimate targets for direct action in my view . 
  i 'm not sure what to expect . 
  in the best case scenario , this might be attributed to a lone gunman ( though that 's almost by definition bollocks , given the context ) . 
  the downing of that russian jet a while ago was a much more premeditated , coordinated act by several members of the turkish military - and they managed to sort out the diplomatic fallout from that as well . 
  still , as you say , failing to protect a foreign ambassador has huge symbolic connotations . 
  i hope it 's going to be alright . 
  and of course , rip to the man himself . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://twitter.com/nurettinaltunda/status/810902241913819136 ) is saying ( in dutch ) that the gunman was part of the * osmanli ocaklar * , a militant youth movement loyal to erdogan , but he does n't provide sources . 
  can anyone confirm , disprove or provide more info ? 
  yes , especially when lots of men had to hide to dodge the arbeitseinsatz . 
  women were pivotal in the resistance . 
  i do n't `` instantly '' call people nazi apologists . 
  only in warranted cases , like when someone says the nazi regime was `` pretty nice '' . 
  and war crimes , wow . 
  she took those evil fucks for a stroll in the woods and they were sent on their way to the afterlife quicker than they could say `` sieg heil '' ( or `` houzee '' in the case of collaborators ) . 
  that 's a merciful way to go , considering what was normal at the time . 
  it sure beats starving to death , being hanged , shot or gassed for crimes you did n't commit or collapsing after hard labour to feed he war machine that 's oppressing your own people . 
  it 's called asymmetric warfare . 
  each party fights with the means they have at their disposal . 
  seriously , i do empathize with the german people and how they suffered in dresden , berlin , and all those other places but i wo n't shed any tears for those who instituted the most cruel , barbaric regime that my country has ever seen . 
  invaders , collaborators - every single one of them deserved to go on an evening stroll with freddie . 
  but do n't you worry , most of these precious dears got away without serious repercussions . 
  when your friends and neighbours are being dragged from their homes and trucked off to death camps , it does n't matter one bit if the people doing that are conscripts , volunteers , collaborators or whatever . 
  what they do is evil and it must be stopped .
