  [ not all germans were monsters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_rose ) , of course not . 
  but if they did monstrous things , it does n't matter what mindset they were in . 
  by the way , the resistance group the lady in the article was with mostly targeted dutch collaborators . 
  not that it matters much , evil is evil and must be destroyed . 
  she did her part . 
  [ pretty nice . 
  ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/zuej1z6mgps/maxresdefault.jpg ) stop making an ass of yourself with your nazi apologia . 
  do they ? 
  never noticed , but that would be mean . 
  i liked following him on facebook back when he was our foreign minister . 
  he always had interesting stories about the places he went to , giving little glimpses into what his job was like . 
  do you comprehend what a military occupation entails ? 
  the dutch state was abolished and usurped by the reich . 
  the queen and the dutch government were in exile in london . 
  citizens of the netherlands had no way to know if the rule of law would ever return . 
  for all they knew , the nazis could have occupied our country forever instead of five years . 
  resistance against the nazis , through peaceful or forceful methods , could literally mean the difference between life and death for innocent people that were on the run . 
  it 's entirely possible that the resistance has targeted a few people that might not have deserved it , but they also saved tons of innocents . 
  and like i said , whatever injustices they committed falter in comparison to how the germans retaliated against resistance activities . 
  british troops in iraq are not engaging in a war of extermination - no death camps , no removing an entire population to make room for their own , et cetera . 
  they also ( mostly ) abide by international laws and treaties for military conduct . 
  does n't mean that the invasion in iraq is legal or morally sound - but it 's really not comparable to ww2 . 
  but the dutch jews and other targeted groups * were * . 
  no , fuck that . 
  the nazis paid bounties to any collaborators who informed them about the whereabouts of jews , political dissidents and other unerwunschten . 
  plenty of traitors were happy to oblige , which is part of the reason that the jewish community was persecuted to such an horrifying extent here . 
  collaborators deserved to be punished ? 
  damn right , but most of them got off scot-free after the war . 
  only the leadership of the nsb ( about a dozen of them ) were executed but the rank and file were allowed to go back to their lives like nothing happened . 
  same for the 7000 or so dutch people that volunteered for the fucking waffen-ss . 
  if there are any injustices you want to moan about , those should be it . 
  apart from , like i said , the fact that the nazis attacked the netherlands and all those other countries entirely unprovoked and with extreme aggression . 
  i know right ? 
  maybe it 's just a couple fringe lunatics on reddit , but a part of me is worried that , 70 years after the war 's end , people are going to forget or white-wash the crimes of the nazi regime . 
  half the comments here are fuel for the low-hanging fruit thread on r/shitwehraboossay, 
  the germans massacred the inhabitants of rotterdam by the hundreds during their initial invasion and committed countless other atrocities throughout their occupation . 
  the netherlands was in * no way * a threat to germany . 
  hitler meant to attack britain and wanted to use the netherlands as a staging ground . 
  the dutch refused . 
  i really do n't get the hand-wringing over the fact that a couple isolated resistance cells gave a tiny bit of payback . 
  the person interviewed in the article worked with a group of resistance fighters and they ( she says ) mostly targeted dutch collaborators - people who ratted out their jewish neighbours and stuff like that . 
  edited for accuracy : civilian casualties of the rotterdam bombardment were estimated to be 650 - 900 . 
  i think that 's wrong too . 
  in the interview she mentions collaborators - dutch traitors - and a `` nazi big shot '' . 
  they were nazis , not random innocent people . 
  what do you take issue with in this case ? 
  with a ) minors being recruited for direct action against a hostile regime , or b ) nazis being killed ? 
  not as much as all the alternatives though . 
  hmm , the last couple of years i kind of viewed the eu as a pirate ship . 
  germany is the captain and the netherlands is the parrot on the captain 's shoulder . 
  we caw at whatever germany points their hook or rapier at . 
  `` raaw , raaw , austerity austerity ! '', 
  it was a moulin rouge reference , 
   that used to be a safe enough thing to do , but apparently no longer . 
  it never was , at least not as far as i can remember . 
  i 've been going out for about a decade now . 
  when i just started going to bars and parties and stuff my parents insisted that i helped make sure everyone got home safe . 
  all my female friends / ex-gfs have always tagged along or coordinated together how they went home after going out , and i grew up in an area of nl that has n't been particularly known for crime . 
  my experience could be very particular but as far as i 'm aware avoiding to travel alone after dark is a very common thing for girls / women in the netherlands , and not in any way new . 
   can someone explain to me why left wingers are so obsessed with taxes ? 
  taxes pay for stuff is critical to the economy and the continued existence of the state , as well as the wellbeing of the people in it . 
  these are usually expenditures that are too large to be made by any individual or small group , so the state is in a better position to do it . 
  in order to spend , the state has to collect money , with taxation being one method . 
  it 's important that taxation is done fairly . 
  i do n't think it the word `` obsession '' is appropriate there though . 
   what 's so fun about taking other people 's money ? 
  it 's not fun . 
   and is n't oxfam an organization that should be helping poor kids in africa rather than this ? 
  they do that too , but an organisation can do more than 1 thing at a time . 
  more importantly , fighting against tax evasion does help kids in africa . 
  billions in potential tax revenues are sapped annually from african countries that do n't have the authority and/or legal muscle to counter western countries ' tax strategies . 
  if major corporations and wealthy individuals are taxed according to the laws of the country where they actually operate or live ( instead of in a faraway tax haven ) , then countries do n't get cheated out of tax revenue - which they can then spend on education or other things . 
   or is it that they are angry taxes are low so not more money gets sent to africa by said low taxing governments ? 
  see previous point about billions in wealth being sapped from african countries . 
  if you google ` africa tax evasion ' you 'll find a ton of sources , including reports that go into detail . 
  good to know and thanks for the links . 
  i strongly agree . 
  facilitating those tax routes one thing but also berating other eu member states about not having their tax base in order really takes the cake . 
  i hope it will be a point of contention for the elections , though i 'm not getting my hopes up . 
  it 's easy money for the treasury . 
  oranje leeu ** winnen ** it was in the name all along !, 
  so weird that we 've never had a woman for a prime minister yet . 
  and the way it looks , it 's not going to happen in the near future either . 
  the only female party leader has a party on the fringe and is unlikely to enter into a coalition . 
  we have had several queens , but that 's mostly a ceremonial thing anyway . 
  username checks out : c, 
  that 's awesome . 
  i forget the name , but i read once about a german abbot who played in a rock band and his favourite song was ac/dc 's * highway to hell * . 
  maybe not , but there are always fence-sitters reading such discussions who have n't made up their minds yet . 
  making sound arguments for your cause may convince people who would otherwise take the anti-eu argument for granted because they have n't really heard anything that goes against that . 
   [ ... ] i am convinced that vigorous bombing and bombarding , town-wrecking and the like , would be an entirely wholesome and chastening experience for the german ` soul ' . 
   it has been for us . 
  navy-proud englishmen have never had quite the same feeling about marine bombardments since the shelling of scarborough , and mr anthony eden , who opposed the abolition of the bombing plane by the league of nations , probably sees that weapon now from quite a new angle . 
  one object lesson , one home lesson , in such things is worth endless hearsay , as any leader will testify . 
   germans have to see and feel for themselves as recipients , the heroic blonde mothers and that heroic blond little boy , the nazi kicker of tomorrow , have to feel in their own skins what sort of war it is they have made and applauded in poland , for example . 
  it is far better than blockade and starvation , more impressive , less drawn-out and less easily explained away . 
  let them run and cower and like it . 
  - from * the rights of man * , by h.g. 
  wells . 
  my best wishes to the greeks .
