is it fair that france and good old deutschland are getting massive rebates right now as well ? 
  screw literally everything about this odious , lowlife club of nations . 
  i execrate it . 
  it 's the highest it has ever been . 
  what 's so good about the echr ? 
  it breeds pathetic legal systems like norway where anders behring breivik , for massacring 72 children , received 21 years ; almost half that of a british sentence for a paedophile ( ian watkins 36 years ) . 
  i do n't mind but it is frustrating that some scots whine about having an unfair deal which is pure bollocks . 
  for as long as we spend more on scotland per head than england or wales you silly cretin ? 
  remember when we said that the euro was an awful idea ? 
  they laughed at us for that as well . 
  surprise , surprise ; tumbleweeds in r/europe when there is a pro-uk article . 
  could you eli5 the difference between the two terms please ? 
  i know it 's very contentious but i 'm not sure exactly how . 
  not all conservatives want to leave the eu . 
  you moron . 
  if you think the uk contributes nothing to the eu i 'm sorry for your astounding idiocy and shocking ignorance . 
   greece bravely ups pension age to 68 . 
  uk , spain , and italy criticised for keeping retirement ages at 90, 
  yeah but they have zero influence in the content of laws relating to trade , a grave democratic deficit for the norwegian people . 
  indeed ; without the rebate we would be a larger net contributor than germany . 
  agreed i was fairly sure i was going to vote to stay in the eu but if this goes through i 'm going to start having serious doubts . 
  out of interest why do you think it wo n't happen ? 
  i do hope you are right but there 's evidence to suggest the contrary . 
  we 're supposed to be on par with france and germany but we could do sweet fa when they landed us with the # 1.8 billion fine for daring to have a growing economy last october . 
  that 'd be a tad polite , would n't it ? 
  right , so the theoretically monetarily sovereign united kingdom must now demand that its taxpayers contribute to bailing out the indolent greeks so they can continue their early retirement and top-heavy civil service at the expense of eu countries actually making sacrifices ? 
  great move , juncker , you utter fucking dunce . 
  two of those are lies , and debt is less grave for us as we have our own central bank ... 
  oh please , obama does n't give a fuck and if he did he would clearly be on our side . 
  and we 're not exactly their lap-dog ; we did n't follow them in bombing syria . 
  if you 're going to troll at least try and do it effectively . 
  just to remind you : we illegally sunk the belgrano , killing many of your useless soldiers , and got away with it scot free . 
  we will always own the falklands  . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/jan/02/euro-public-support-poll-sterling ) also you seem to be totally certain that the pound will lose its value against the euro ; what evidence are you basing this on ? 
  [ it is enshrined in law that a referendum is prerequisite for the uk to join the euro ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_the_eurozone ) . 
  and we would vote no . 
  holy christ , you are not familiar with british politics at all . 
  it 's not like we can influence anything now anyway . 
  i heard the chuckle brothers and tinchy stryder recorded that track in the toilets of a nando 's after snorting illicit substances together . 
  we british are embarrassingly superior , you continentals are not even worthy of listening to music produced on this blessed isle . 
  they do . 
  lol what an achievement !, 
  try centuries of uninterrupted liberal democracy #rulebritannia, 
  higher taxes on richer earners , and also the `` luxury tax '' as they call it . 
  opposition to private elements of the nhs and abolition of top-up prescription charges . 
  not saying these things are radically left , but they 're not right wing . 
  exactly right , that 's why they 're picking off old-school labour voters in droves . 
  right wing . 
  to say `` far right '' would put them on par with say , the national front ( uk , and the french front national ) which , no matter what you think of ukip , is objectively incorrect . 
  ukip is not far-right . 
  quarterly growth . 
  `` just '' in this context means slightly over , not merely . 
  i really like having a proper currency and not being in schengen . 
  i also enjoy [ not participating in migrants redistribution ] ( http://home.bt.com/news/uk-news/britain-to-resist-demands-for-eu-wide-migrant-quota-amid-emergency-summit-11364003623320 ) . 
  not to mention our rebate , and lack of tax harmonisation and heightened regulation for our fuck-off city of london banking sector . 
  being in the eu is pretty good , for us at least  . 
  few comments on reddit surpass this one for sheer idiocy . 
  you 're profoundly stupid . 
  let us beat germany ,5 -1 , in france . 
  i ca n't think of anything better . 
  it 's an * extremely * weak brummie accent , barely even qualifies . 
  that 's exactly my point ; france and britain remain the only two significant military powers in europe . 
  i suppose you do n't mind our large net budgetary contributions or our providing of half of europe 's significant military power . 
  gibraltar is a british overseas territory , not a crown dependency ( that name goes to the bailiwick of jersey , the bailiwick of guernsey and the isle of man ) . 
  yes , partly that , and partly the fact that he wants to get it out of the way early on in the parliament , so it does n't dominate the entire period in government . 
  yes , a new relationship that has nothing to do with the falklands i hope . 
  it 's an old , confusing term . 
  it means these institutions are `` public '' in the way that they were the first schools not selective on the grounds of religion , i believe . 
  they are of course private schools . 
  we have a state religion and 92 members of the nobility still sit in the house of lords . 
  ( i 'm also in the tiny minority who fully supports both of those things ) . 
  except he first laid the foundations for the eu referendum in january 2013 at the bloomberg speech ? 
  this is after we are the second largest bilateral donors of aid in the world , second to the united states , a country five times larger than us in most measures . 
  well perhaps if you treated our democratic , legitimate wishes with a shred of respect we would n't want to leave , you cretin . 
  why are you getting angry over something like this ? 
  it 's an urban myth , it 's harmless . 
  lighten up and realise not everything is about being right or wrong . 
  christ . 
  churchill ordered that it was reconstructed from old blueprints out of respect after the nazis bombed it in ww2 . 
  that 's only because they dragged his body outside parliament immediately following his assasination . 
  since 2007 it has flown daily from parliament . 
  oh yes , anybody that supports leaving the eu for genuine concerns about democratic legitimacy , the scale of immigration to the uk , ever-spiralling costs of membership , having to prop up failing states suffering from the catastrophic euro project and damaging banking regulations is surely idiotic . 
  this kind of attitude will only worsen the disillusionment , it makes the british believe that their democratic wishes are not taken seriously by other member states . 
  itt : eastern european nations who very much have their cake and eat it with regards to the eu criticising britain for wanting to leave when it pays # 8 billion a year more in eu funds than it contributes , faces the prospect of its ( all-important ) banking sector being massively weakened by remaining inside the eu by higher taxes and regulations , and is asked to contribute towards the greek crisis via the efsm when it is ( theoretically ) monetarily sovereign and was unequivocally right ( as we are about almost all things ) not to join the euro and about how the euro would be a moronic idea . 
  [ what are cornish boys to do ] ( http://youtu.be/2zyklorcm1c ) . 
  i love british culture and folklore and we need to be more proactive about celebrating it while embracing multiculturalism . 
  i do n't think they 'll need or want to leave germany to be honest . 
  ukip.is.not.far.right . 
  as for the british pensioners living abroad ; their uk govt funded pensions contribute to the economy of the country they emigrated to . 
  i 've seen words to this effect a number of times today . 
  on what basis do you believe this will happen ? 
  the government has been endlessly clear that they will deliver on the result . 
  no one in the government is suggesting there will/could be a second referendum - indeed they are actively and explicitly stating the opposite . 
  i will never understand this bizarre attitude . 
  you value being proved right over the wellbeing of your own country . 
  would you not prefer it if we came to a reasonable settlement for both sides . 
  in any case , support for the eu remains high on the continent , i do n't think brexit will change that . 
  our political climates are very different . 
  i am aghast at some of the news coming out surrounding the efsm and the commision reneging on their assurance in 2010 that uk taxpayers ' money would not be used in a bailout . 
  now juncker is flatly ignoring britain 's ( and other non-euro countries ' ) opposition to contributing to the greek bailout via the efsm .
