  then russia gets involved , and turkey very publicly states that a russian violation would result in turkey downing the jet ( coming after numerous russian violations ) . 
  now had greece warned turkey that an airspace violation would result in a downed turkish jet , and then turkey violated greece 's airspace , then yes it would be comparable , but this is not the case . 
  these war-games the two nations play are very much predicable and since 1996 nothing major has really ever happened , while with syria that is not the case . 
  he was imprisoned with rudolf hess and emil maurice , who he dictated the book to and they wrote . 
  that was the prime minister , erdogan is the president . 
  moreover , you can shoot down a plane and not know it was russian , and say you would have acted differently if it was , those statements are not mutually exclusive . 
  no kidding , it is n't easy do construction when theirs ieds planted or your equipment is purposefully blown up . 
  economic prosperity in the south means less pkk memebers , so of course they try and stall economic growth . 
  iraqi kurdistan is pretty much turkeys only neighbour which we have good relations with ( outside of azerbaijan ) . 
  n , no , no , do n't you know man , poles were totally working with the nazi 's and are almost single handily responsible for the holocaust . 
  you are racist whether you like it or not . 
  the south east of turkey is seriously pretty dissolute . 
  pick any city and the closer you get to iraq/syria the poorer it usually it . 
  any sources then ? 
  i can only find articles on israel bombing targets near golen heights , nothing near turkeys border . 
  also remember it has to be after 2012 , when turkey officially changed its rules of engagement involving syria . 
  israel does not conduct bombing runs near turkeys border . 
  it 's been fighting an insurgency for decades , not to mention missions in iraq and afganistan . 
  iraq had a large army , but it was stuck in the 1970s and 80s , and the entire war was planned awfully by the iraqis . 
  turkey has a fully modern army , and it wo n't be fighting in flat empty deserts like iraq but in mountains . 
  both turkish and greek jets have been shot down over the aegean . 
  putting terrorists in quotation marks and afterwards saying that they are only a threat to turkey implies they are not terrorists . 
  this what ya 'll get for taking the middle east away from us in the first place !, 
  ok , but you said isis did not directly attack turkey , i 'm asking what do you call killing our soldiers and civilians , an indirect attack ? 
  there were pkk bases in europe all throughout the 90s well known to european authorities but only closed down after intense pressure form turkey , hell the french presidents wife had direct public connections to pkk leaders and each of them travelled freely throughout europe . 
  i learned all of this with a simple read through of the pkk wikipedia article . 
  now lets flip it the over way . 
  if isis had training camps throughout turkey which after becoming known to the authorities stayed open , what would you say ? 
  if erdogan 's wife had direct connections with isis leaders and permitted them to travel freely through turkey , what would you say . 
  if isis members were speaking in turkish parliament , what would you say ? 
  is killing dozens of our soldiers and 100 + of our civilians not a direct attack on turkey ? 
   that wo n't ever be a threat to germany , or anyone but turkey oh ok , so that makes it ok then right ? 
  cyprus and azerbaijan green , turkey is n't . 
  ca n't even take the cultural argument on that one with azerbaijan being green . 
  kind of . 
  historically , there has been major contentions between secular institutions and turkeys minorities . 
  the late ottoman empire was bonded together by religious institutions , and that simply can not be eliminated , instead it was replaced by nationalist institutions . 
  it happened all around the world , people stopped identifying themselves as a religion but rather a nationality . 
  erdogan reverted back to this religious identification , which made it easier to reconcile with sunni kurds and resulted in genuinely better conditions for turkeys kurds . 
  that said this results in clashes with non-sunni turkish minorities , which is why alevi 's always vote the chp ( who 's leader is also alevi ) , as they fit in the nationalist framework ( they are turkish ) but not the religious one ( they are not sunni ) . 
  non-sunni , non-turkish minorities kinda get fucked by both sides . 
  and the bulk of the armenian and assyrian genocide was n't done by the ottoman army , but irregulars and civs . 
  ( source : a peace to end all peace and the end of civilization ) . 
  if turks wanted into europe they would be going with refugees ( as we see with albaians ) , but the number of turks within the refugee horde is low . 
  of course some turks will move if they join the eu but i seriously doubt it would be anything major . 
  send in the hussars !, 
  it does n't have to have a literal meaning , it would a good play on the original title imo , i do n't know this is kind of a dumb conversation . 
  mein kamp would be a great name of a book though eh, 
  not in mein kamp he does n't, 
  dammit , i was planning on reading it expecting it be entertaining , but i guess not . 
  i 'll give the other one a shot though , thanks . 
  you always comment on these threads on turkey with these overarching generalizations which are not even true . 
  some turks support them , some do n't , but as always the situation is far more complicated then you make it out to be . 
  people criticized the lack of intervention from the turkish military which was stationed at the border , but turkey did let in all civilians from kobani . 
  the mixture of islam with politics can be especially disastrous however , and this going to be natural process in democratic nations , as muslim minorities/majorities look for political representation . 
  a big difference between islam and christianity is islam is inherently very political . 
  islam in the form that is most popular today ( early bektashi and ottoman islam was n't like this for example ) grips the entirety of someones life , and is much more then a spiritual belief . 
  unfortunately this will be hard to combat without sacrificing european values , and how europe is going to deal with this i do n't know . 
  it is n't always the case , german turks for example are not completely like this ( and this is changing with erdogan as well ) , but it is the case for the majority of recent waves of immigration . 
  i really do like the turkish flag but i just hate how a roman/turkic symbol is now being used an islamic one . 
  but the flag itself has nice colours with a symbol and easily identifiable symbol that still unique and cool . 
  it does two things . 
  a ) its a typical caucasus pattern , so it has cultural relevance and b ) it shows it piece of armenia broken away by politics . 
  while legally it was a part of azerbaijan , its inhabitants feel a close connection with armenia and the flag symbolizes that . 
  and the united states could n't take out the viet con or al quada , insurgencies are far different then conventional wars . 
  lets not forget the troubles that russia had in the caucasus ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_chechen_war ) , it was only after they levelled its cities and put in an aggressive lunatic dictator that they got anywhere . 
  and lol using the ottoman empire , i might as well post the mongolian occupation of russia then , its just as irrelevant . 
  its a joke dude . 
  not exactly , in the 60s it was menderes , and the 70s were a complete shit show . 
  both secular parties and islamic parities have been elected in turkey . 
  erdogan 's success is just as much a by-product of economic growth then islamism . 
  even then the akp got 40 % last time around , and 60 % voted for secular parties ( mhp while a bunch of loonies , are mostly secular ) . 
  and as you said , lets also not forget that tons of turks voted for akp for reasons outside of religion , like economic stability or newfound regional power . 
  that 's nice to hear , hopefully relations will get even better ( unfortunately unlikely with our leader ) , as louis de bernieres says , if it was n't for religion the two people would likely be best friends . 
  see that 's why i 'm curious , plenty of greeks were born in turkey - granted not as many after ww1 and 1951 - but not many that have fond memories of the country 's as wwell . 
  born in turkey !, 
  whats your story ? 
  soccer is actually more popular then hockey !, 
  hockey is n't very popular south of canada . 
  wow latin , that 's a first !, 
  i wonder where that comes from , most of our borrowed european words are from french or greek . 
  as far as i know latin was essentially dead once turks came into contact with europe . 
  1453 never forget indeed !, 
  those statics ignore the tens of thousdans killed before 2013 , history has proven the pkk to be a larger threat . 
  one group is fighting an armed conflict within our borders , a conflict which has resulted in tens of thousands dead , the other is fighting in syria , which one do you think takes precedence ? 
  the pkk has killed plenty of civilians . 
  i never claimed that turkey is fighting isis with more effort , isis is n't currently killing any of our soldiers , the pkk is . 
  using a conflict for political gain , of course only turkey does that !, 
  we are getting off topic , the point is that this conflict with the pkk is not an effort to help isis . 
  the attacks on the policeman happened after the suruc bombing , which unless your a conspiracy theorist , was n't a government plot . 
  the point being is the conflict is two sided , i 'm not here to argue turkey is innocent , just that the people it 's fighting are not either . 
  the fighting started after the pkk killed police officers in their sleep , they blamed the officers on the suruc bombing but there are no real sources on who did it . 
  only then did the conflict escalate . 
  it could have been handled better , but again the pkk is far from innocent in this conflict . 
  it 's easy to tolerate terrorists when they arnt killing your nations police officers , soldiers , or paramedics . 
  turkey is open about bombing the pkk due to the fact that they are constantly killing soldiers and civilians , over a hundred dead soldiers at this point i believe . 
  similar to al qaeda fighting isis does n't make your group innocent . 
  stop the hyperbole , jihadists were treated in hospitals that 's true , but the rest is false . 
  interviewed doctors said they have no idea who is a refugee or fighter , no one has papers and there are thousands of people going in out of hospitals , it 's hard to blame them . 
  please show me a creditable source that the government is actively transporting isis fighters .
