  if they really want to get rid of the refugee problem its going to take more then just pushing them over to turkey . 
  turkey may be big , but it already has 2 million refugees , and its not they being equally distributed across the country , they are all going to istanbul , which is already super overcrowded . 
  the arguments that syrians have a similar culture to turks is nil , even it were true turkey has zero incentive to not let these refugees leave the country as it is costing billions . 
  if you want to solve this problem you will have to go into the source of it , which is syria and iraq . 
  as much as i distrust erdogan , at surface level his idea of a ` safe zone ' in syria does seem like a good one . 
  carve it out isis held territory , start an international effort to help rebuild and ensure its both safe and has an ok enough economy so that people have some sort incentive to stay , and make sure its airtight so people ca n't enter and leave it on a whim . 
  only then will the influx of refugees stop . 
  you hate italy 's history ? 
  it has like the best history in europe . 
  the hunt . 
  well 0 % of cyprus is in europe then , georgia and armenia as well . 
  also that 3 % contains around a fifth of the population , and it 's most important city . 
  a couple hundred years ago , what happened to the native americans , while tragic , is irrelevant to european politics today . 
  well said mate , thanks for that . 
  i support an independent state , it really would be beneficial for everyone , but its likely not going to happen anytime soon . 
  there are still a ways to go for the kurds in turkey , sure . 
  but that does not justify killing people . 
  you also need to realize that the recent attacks on turkey have only made the situation for the kurds far worse . 
  there political party is losing tons of support and their are movements to arrest demirtas . 
  if kurds want equality finding is not the way to do it . 
  and in other words , turkey has done good things for the kurds in order to bring peace . 
  thats why we have repeatedly taken hundreds of thousands of kurdish refugees right ? 
  in order to wage genocide against them ? 
  this is nothing compared the 80s and 90s . 
  you know what led some many in iraq to become extremists and islamists ? 
  an invasion which killed hundreds of thousands of innocent people , toppled their government , and created a new government which began oppressing its sunni minority . 
  the kurds have 80 ministers in parliament fighting for their culture . 
  these terrorists broke the ceasefire after the turkish government built a dam that would flood a village . 
  the pkk was created in 1980 , after a brutal coup that oppressed everyone , not just the kurds . 
  those conditions are gone , no terrorism is justified . 
  i do n't think the rest of the world or even europe for that matter should be giving lessons to turkey on how to treat terrorists ( these people were caring rpgs , they are likely not innocent ) . 
  that said , it still is abuse and it is n't this officers job to do this , but again it 's not so black and white . 
  its a pretty good indication you did something right mate , it would n't be natural if turks were n't mad . 
  you could have wrote the nastiest , most horrid thing on us , and it still would have been less insulting then this :(, 
  ottoman empire is back baby, 
  they are just a militant group . 
  the hdp is the kurdish political party in turkey , which has connections with the pkk but there is no official collaboration between the two outside of facilitating peace talks . 
  its the same group operating out of iraq , and members are known to go in and out of the porous borders between the two nations . 
  turkey routinely goes into northern iraq to route them out , and is usually support by barzani who they are allies with . 
  its only becomes a bit murky in syria since they are affiliated with and go under the wing of the ygp or other groups , but they still have a presence . 
  pkk operates within turkey , iraq , and syria . 
  the support the flq declined immediately after the october crisis as most saw them as too violent . 
  quebec politicians said they did n't support the group because it undermined their cause and gave more power the canadian government . 
  `` laporte 's murder marked a crossroad in the political history of the flq . 
  it helped sway public opinion towards more conventional forms of political participation and drove up popular support for the parti qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois '' from wikipedia . 
  in the 1970s the kurds did n't have a political arm to express political participation as the quebecois did in the 60s , but now they do , and the pkk will only undermine them ( we see this already as their are popular moves to ban the hdp , which is seen to be directly connected to the violence , when the parties leaders brother is in the pkk this connection is easy to make ) . 
  do you know what the pkk 's desires are ? 
  do you know why they started fighting again ? 
  because the turkish government started building a dam , which would flood a kurdish town . 
  the government had also built a another town just for these residents to move into , something which the u.s does all the time https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_flooded_towns_in_the_united_states . 
  is this not a bit of a unreasonable reason to insight violence ? 
  after all you ca n't simply say that terrorism justifies itself , in that people join those groups for a reason . 
  until al qaedas desires are met they will not away , until isis 's desires are met they will not go away . 
  if any armed group are killing your civilians you need to fight them , just as canada did , just as turkey will do . 
  the turkish government has many crimes , and it has done some horrible things to its kurdish population . 
  that said the situation today has changed . 
  the turkish government of today is far more fair than to the kurds then any government has been in the past , and as a result kurds have gained considerable rights in the past decade . 
  there is of course room to grow for kurdish rights in turkey ; the situation is still far from perfect . 
  with all that said and out the way , the pkk are still a terrorist organization which in every shape and from needs to be crushed . 
  they will only slow down the progress kurds have made , and racism and anti-kurdish policy will only go up with the renewal in conflict . 
  the kurds have a legitimate political arm that has considerable power , and the pkk is only going to undermine it . 
  i would n't be surprised if they lose their 14 % this next election . 
  even if you ignore their horrible crimes of the past and present . 
  even if you ignore that they are doing kidnappings , torching schools , killing police officers , if you support kurds in turkey , then you should n't support the pkk . 
  it is no longer 1970 , kurds are no longer mountain turks , kurds are free to speak their language , kurds are not being hunted down by nationalist groups . 
  the peace progress was broken down by a damn , not a larger government policy . 
  militance is not justified nor is it needed . 
  you have a canadian fair . 
  i also grew up in canada , and consider myself a canadian before a turk . 
  would have supported the flq in the 60s ? 
  do you really believe the flq made things better for quebec ? 
  or was a natural political process ? 
  sure , but that does n't mean they ca n't ask for nato assiasstance , an attack on one is an attack on all , after all . 
  a bomb went off beside my apartment in bak\u0131rk\u00f6y . 
  i thought a tire had popped or something , looked at news , nope some pkk dickhead had put a grenade in a garbage can . 
  these attacks started after they killed 3 police officers by calling in a traffic accident and killing them when they arrived . 
  we need to still touch azerbaijan !, 
  he 's our little bro !, 
  most turks call it cypriot , which they would n't do if it was even remotely turkish . 
  that said , wikipedia says its egyptian . 
  they were collecting toys for children . 
  and what the fuck is traitorous about rebuilding a town ? 
  if anything its beneficial for turkey ( trade , construction opportunities , less refugees ) . 
  do nazi serbs actually exist ? 
  like i 'm sure there are ultra-nationalists , but ones that like the nazis and hitler ? 
  from my understanding that would be like a nazi israeli considering what they did to serbs . 
  she also spoke perfect german and was trying to get an education . 
  those are the kind of migrants you do n't want to kick out imo . 
  yeah i 'm sure he ins ' t trying to get people to join isis , but my point is that these exact statements are a contributing factor to why people do end up joining . 
  you ca n't look at arabs and say their not british , then get upset that arab immigrants do n't integrate ( and later turn to extremism ) . 
  its not the actual comment itself but the idea of it . 
  treating arab immigrants as outsiders make them feel like outsiders and head the road of extremism ( and do n't take this as me blaming islamic extremism on britain , but it is a contributing factor ) . 
  saying stuff like that will only make more people join isis . 
  they have eu flags on their border checkpoints so i 'll say yes . 
  i understand but theres a time and a place . 
  this is not the time for those kind of jokes . 
  we should have decency and respect the man not make inflammatory comments . 
  awesome answer man , thanks !, 
  i see , thanks for the write up !, 
  another question , when yugoslavia was first created did croats and bosnians support it , did they think it was going to end well ?
