  turkey has always been religious , but also has had liberal governments . 
  saying it is just because of religion is a huge simplification of a hugely complex circumstance . 
  there are so many more factors in play than just religion . 
  honestly , would expect another turk to know more than that tbh . 
  i really liked saakashvili . 
  i met him when i was younger and he was a really nice person . 
  he really tried to solve his countries problems especially with corruption . 
  turned out to be a real idiot though , imo . 
  i never denied the existence of janissaries , both the textbook and myself talk about it . 
  i did say they were not the majority which is true , and they differed from typical labour oriented slavery done in europe . 
  what else would they be ? 
  arabs , muslims from the balkans ? 
  the ottomans did n't view things by ethnicities , just by religion , and its safe to assume that in this survey muslims means turks and christians means greeks . 
  even if thats not the case , it still makes my argument . 
  greeks were certainly a minority at the time . 
  your family line goes all the way back to turkic tribes i take it  . 
  also , i thought you liked ergodan ? 
  while i am ashamed that i share a heritage with that freak you must love georgian turks . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgians_in_turkey at the very least around 500,000 muslim georgians were forced to leave georgia after the russo-turkish wars . 
  after leaving georgia , my family and most georgians settled in the provinces of ordu and samsun . 
  the town that my family is from `` unye '' and its neighbouring city fatsa has a huge georgian population . 
  my family has kept their georgian identity . 
  my great uncle who now passed away was a cabinet minister in the 1990s and also spoke georgian . 
  this was right when georgia had gained independence and so right away he established connections with the country . 
  when he got sick , president saakashvili came to visit and even named a high school after him in batumi !, 
  pretty much all the old anatolian greek cities ( istanbul , izmir , ankara are the most notable but there are many more ) are just turkish pronunciations of the original word . 
  well no one is saying it isnt slavery , just that it was different than typical labour oriented slavery performed by europe . 
  also , as the textbook says slaves rose into some high ranks , including grand visor . 
  most slaves were not in the army , but rather amdins or household workers . 
  forgot about that . 
  you are correct , my family was expelled from georgia ( by russians , still love georgia ) , but i still find it sad what happened to the minorities in turkey ( and what happened to the turkish minorities in the balkans ) . 
  well just because many nations did it , does not make it right . 
  it does however show that turks are not a bunch of hairy satans , and that everyone did some fucked up shit . 
  that said , the expulsion of turks from the balkans happened in the 19th and early 20th century in times of war and harsh turmoil . 
  the 1950 istanbul programs were in a time of stability and happened just out of just cruelty bread from nationalism , racism , and xenophobia . 
  they were led by enrico dandolo , but yes the bulk of those doing the fighting were not from venice . 
  i would honestly enjoy that . 
  it would be beneficial for everyone . 
  you sound just like a turk !, 
  the ottoman empire is complex . 
  there were times of undeniable cruelty but also times of tolerance . 
  it is not black and white . 
  i do not reward the ottomans of being a `` good '' or `` just '' empire ( there is not such thing ) , but it is undeniably wrong to paint it as an uncivilized nation . 
  my point on other european empire still stands , ask an african what feels about europeans and you will get the same response . 
  there is a degree of separation for the balkans and greeks that is n't there with the ottomans . 
  the byzantium empire fell hundreds of years ago , the ottomans only 90 . 
  also , there were plenty of revolts under the greeks http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_byzantine_revolts_and_civil_wars , and they to practiced widespread slavery http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_the_byzantine_empire, 
  i know right ?!, 
  everyone here is arguing about istanbul , constantinople , and byzantium , and just ignoring that fucking epic name !, 
  sure , but those wars were before the ottoman times ( they were fighting turks though ) . 
  like i said , the most decisive blow to the city was when venice invaded and blundered the city . 
  turks called it kostantiniyye . 
  nonetheless , ataturk wanted to rename the city as he wanted to separate turkey from the ottoman empire , everyone was already calling it istanbul so he went with that !, 
  sources : ataturk by andrew mango ( and many more but i 'm to lazy to list ), 
  i did not !, 
  you are correct !, 
  yes your correct , always confuse the two . 
  thats literary a quote from a canadian history textbook . 
  or is it biased of me to say that europeans treated their colonies badly ? 
  the ottoman invasion actually rejuvenated the city . 
  the earlier italian invasion during the 4th cursade had put the nails in the coffin of a dying city . 
  when the ottomans took it , it was a shell of its former self . 
  mehmet then forced people from anatolia and the balkans to move in , and made it the capital . 
  it would later becoming the largest non-chinese city on earth ( until london in the 19th century ) and extremely wealthy . 
  aha but the ottomans are not turkey !, 
  i 'm sorry , but where exactly are you getting this information from ? 
  my sources are `` ataturk '' by andrew mango , `` turkey unveiled '' by hugh pope , `` the ottomans '' by andrew wheatcroft , and `` midnight at pera palace : birth of modern istanbul '' by charles king . 
  all of these books say the same thing , ataturk wanted to separate turkey from the ottoman empire ( he did n't give a shit about the byzantiums ) and it was logical to rename it to something that people were already calling it . 
  there was . 
  the population exchanges between turkey and greece had protections for those living in istanbul . 
  unfortunately a nationalist program in the 1950s forced the rest of the 50,000 or so greeks left in turkey out . 
  now they are a very small minority . 
  one of the saddest things in turkish history was losing its greek community in my opinion , with them turkey would be 10x better . 
  modern turkey is far less religious than the ottoman empire . 
  out of all people , you really think ataturk would have cared it was christian ? 
  the actual truth is that it was already being called istanbul , and ataturk wanted to separate turkey from the ottoman empire - he wanted to avoid a muslim reference not a christian one . 
  i 'll take one as well , was looking for a new religion . 
  what ? 
  the ottomans called it constantinople for like 400 years , it was only officially renamed in the 20th century . 
  to be fair ottoman slavery was very different than american or european slavery . 
  again from my history textbook ( from a canadian university ) . 
  `` because the vast majority of slaves were household servants and administrators rather than labourers , some people willingly accepted enslavement , believing they would be better off as slaves in constantinople than as impoverished workers in the countryside . 
  in the balkans especially , many people were enslaved as children , handed over by their families to pay a child tax the ottomans imposed on areas to poor to pay a monetary tribute . 
  although a wrenching experience for families , this practice did open up opportunities for social advancement . 
  slavery carried very little social stigma . 
  the sultan himself was the son of an enslaved woman '' . 
  western civilization by joshua cole . 
  now i 'm not saying what the ottoman did was right . 
  but looking at things with a historical context ottoman enslavement was far different than european enslavement and its treatment of its own colonies . 
  i find it hypocritical that everything turkey 's history is brought up people talk about the worst things they have done , but never for european empires . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure , but i believe it was called neo roma and was renamed to constantinople after he died . 
  i really could be wrong on that one though . 
  but the rulers would be russian , and they wanted to secure the city for themselves so logically they would ensure it would stay russian . 
  this is all hypothetical so its useless to argue anyways . 
  yes and no . 
  there was a minor city where istanbul is today originally called byzantium . 
  emperor constantine decided to built a new city on the site and called it neo roma , and it would later be renamed constantinople . 
  so unlike the transition from constantinople to istanbul which was always the same city , byzantium was actually rebuilt if that makes sense . 
  its greek for `` into the city '' or something along those lines , and since everyone began to call it that , it became its de jure name , later becoming its de facto name !, 
  edit : swap de facto and de jure !,
