lol im not in power buddy , i have nothing to do with turkey 's foregin policy . 
  the leaders of turkey are idiots for sure. , and i hate them more than anymore that being said , turkey is almost always automatically the bad guy , when there is always two sides the story . 
  again , its ignorant to think that greece and syria are completly inocent . 
  i understand your not poking fun , but i do n't understand who these points are related to them being in the e.u. 
  10 % of ones d.n.a is n't much , not enough to qualify turks as central asian , and even if they were , as i said before , the finnish and the hungarians have asian roots . 
  the culture thing is objective , and it certainty has its roots from asia , but turkey is far more related to any eastern mediterranean nation then say turkmenistan . 
  its a mixture of the middle east , the caucasus , and the mediterranean . 
  i complete agree turkey should not be let into the european union , but they 're are better arguments then saying turks are asians . 
  thats why i said turkey should not be let into the e.u. 
  i understand points like cyprus , a lack of a real democracy , human rights abuses . 
  but points like the ottomans fought europe , they are asian , and their culture is too different , are all really wrong and ignorant arugments . 
  both nations have done their share of shit ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek%e2%80%93turkish_relations ) . 
  i do n't know if you 've been to western turkey , but its extremely similar to greece , the east is more influenced by arabic culture , but almost none of turkey is central asian . 
  and 10 % of turks are asian ... 
  so what ? 
  the vast majority is n't . 
  the finnish have far more asian blood . 
  yes turkey should have left cyprus , but remeber the invasion was very justified ( the occupation not so much ) . 
  turkey should not be let into the e.u , your right , but half your points are wrong . 
  do you know anything about abduallah ocalan ? 
  he was the leader of a fucking terrorist organization , he desires what he got . 
  greece should also learn to stop violating turkish airspace . 
  both nations are at fault . 
  turkey has always been hostile to europe ? 
  what the fuck , seriously every european nation fought with one another . 
  again its evident you do n't know shit about turkey . 
  yes it 's language is central asian ( as is finland 's and hungary 's ) , but its culture is by no way central asian . 
  its very similar to greece and the balkans . 
  look at the genetics of turkey , turks are mostly made up of the natives of anatolia , armenians , arabs , and greeks . 
  nonetheless , anatolia was taken over by the sejuks in around 1100 , i think 900 years is enough . 
  well bulgrian muslims are mostly turks that have been living there for a long time ( like tartars in poland and ukraine ) , and turkish muslims are usually far less crazy then our arab neighbours . 
  that actually is n't grounded in any real historic evidence , and most historians agree that modern hungarians and historic huns do n't have much relation . 
  technically they ca n't legally , this is turkey though so that really does n't mean much . 
  they wo n't , but integrating into turkey will be much , much easier . 
  since 1980 sure , but the recent outbreak in violence is mostly contained to to soldiers and pkk members , and is geographically contained to the southeast . 
  even at the height of violence cities like izmir or trabzon are largely unaffected . 
  it 's such a beautiful country , and everyone is so nice , it 's really cheap as well . 
  i would recommend anyone looking for a vacation in europe to go their rather then england or germany , there 's so much more history , charm , and culture imo . 
  orhid and skopje !, 
  macedonia !, 
  the first bulgar empire was turkic . 
  turkey has been `` on the brink of civil war '' for its 90 year existence . 
  they killed 2 police officers in their sleep a month ago officially ending the peace progress being worked out since 2013 , what do you call that ? 
  yeah i have friends that used to or arrows into their shotguns shells and shoot them out . 
  there 's a youtube video of `` fps russia '' doing it as well . 
  uhmm i ca n't find it , i just remember it being rather pathetic on our end and pretty damn impressive on your guys end . 
  is n't there that one battle where like 5 greeks killed a couple hundred turks , pretty impressive as well . 
  of course it is the cause , it 's natural for neighbours to mix with one another , and its not necessary a bad thing ( genetic diversity is in fact a great thing ! ) . 
  it is though a bit ridiculous to say the ottoman are why armenians are n't white anymore though , since original turks were n't brown but rather asian , and i 'm sure armenians had been mixing with their iranian , georgian , and assyrian neighbours for the millennia before turks were around . 
  i was n't implying anything , i was curious to see how armenians perceive themselves , especially considering how genetically many turks are extremely similar to armenians and vice versa . 
  i never said you did . 
  that 's quite the theory you have there , blame turks for everything including why your not white anymore lmao . 
  are armenians white ? 
  most middle eastern toilets have a bidet . 
  you first use regular tp then you use your hand as water squirts out , then of course you wash your hands . 
  far cleaner then toilet paper . 
  that was n't my point , i 'm just saying it 's not fair to compare eritrea to china . 
  eritrea is not exactly a chinese style dictatorship though . 
  i agree that there 's nothing inherently wrong with a single party state , but eritrea is more akin to a north korean style totalitarian dictatorship which is extremely oppressive . 
  please tell me your being sarcastic . 
  the west has never conducted genocide ? 
  well the people that were displaced are still alive and without a home . 
  turks took over anatolia a thousand years ago , and if you do n't know armenians are looking for land reparations for the genocide . 
  it used to be an ethnic plurality before a few million azeris were displaced by the war . 
  turkey is not in a civil war . 
  syrians are plenty safe in turkey , they are leaving for better economic circumstances , and all power to them i would do the same . 
  i do n't know if your personally from hatay and find this insulting , or you just like the city , but it very much is a different atmosphere , an atmosphere that i would define as more arabic oriented , then other parts of the country . 
  my whole point was that parts of turkey have a similar culture to syria and parts have similar cultures their adjacent neighbours , and this is perfectly true for hatay . 
  i mean it was n't even originally a part of turkey . 
  i never called it an arab city , just that it felt less turkish then ohrid did , which is a pretty far statement . 
  went to orhid a few months ago , hatay a few years ago . 
  orhid had a very ottoman feel to it , it 's old town looked very similar to amasya . 
  hatay on the other hand looked more like a middle eastern city , and it was populated by a ton of arabs as well . 
  well yeah , adana would n't be very similar but like i said hatay does feel like it 's in an arab country . 
  that 's a bit harsh , it is n't that bad , and this is making the news because of its irregularity . 
  no problem !, 
  turkey is truly a unique nation . 
  calling it middle eastern is n't exactly correct , and neither is calling it european . 
  it really is its own thing , it does n't fit into any group but ` turkey ' . 
  as far as racism goes it is steadily increasing . 
  there was already a ton of racism in place against syrians . 
  a decade ago syria was the most hated country in the nation , and it was literally days away from invading syria . 
  that said people are more distracted by the conflict with the pkk , the current situation with the government/erdogan , and the economy to really worry about refugees . 
  there are n't attacks or anything as far as i 've seen , and people are generally pretty sympathetic . 
  but as i said , thats partly because there are far more pressing issues to worry about . 
  another aspect is that turkey really does have a history of taking in refugees . 
  as much as people like to paint us as a murdering barbarians ( which admittedly we did plenty of ) , the 19/20th century involved turkey taking in tens of millions of refugees ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhacir ) , so it is somewhat engrained into the culture as well . 
  i mean everyone has family members that fled from somewhere ( my grandparents still speak georgian at home ) , so it would be hypocritical to be to harsh on the refugees as well . 
  as far as the future , it ins ' t looking good for anyone . 
  as you said you can destroy isis but you ca n't destroy their ideology . 
  how does one even destroy such a backwards ideology i do n't know . 
  it is going to be something we - and by we i mean all of europe - will be dealing with for a long time , and syria and iraq are truly fucked beyond repair . 
  it really does suck . 
  as you said outside of religion , turks have as much in common with syrians as it does with its bulgarian and even macedonian neighbours , essentially meaning we share customs , traditions , and culture ( all of this depending on what part of the country your talking about too ) , but at the end of the day its two distinct cultures . 
  orhid feels more like turkey then hatay does to be honest . 
  the language is very different , they are two very distinctly different language groups ( turkish is similar to hungarian ) . 
  the customs of southern turkey would be similar to syria , just as the customs would be similar to greece and bulgaria in western turkey . 
  turks do have a lot in common with syrians , but so do turks and greeks or georgians , it happens when your neighbours and control said country for a millennia , but at the end of the day they are still two very different people . 
  for one a religious turk is on a very different level then a religious arab ; as religious as turkey may seem it is truly nothing compared to its southern neighbours . 
  all that said , a secular or moderate syrian would fit in turkey , but unfortunately most of the syrians coming in are not moderate or secular , they are poor and desperate which then leads to tensions .
