  in that case it would become turkish as they the majority at the time . 
  `` istanbul in the 17th century had a population of 700,000 . 
  of these inhabitants , 59 per cent were muslim , 35 per cent were christian and 6 per cent were jewish . '', 
  - social and economic life in seventeenth-century istanbul : glimpses from court records , vol 1 , ed timur kuran that was in the 17th century , i ca n't find numbers for the 19th century but it would logically be even more turks . 
  you think they cared what the population was ? 
  russians have always wanted istanbul and would have taken it if not for european efforts . 
  hell even stalin was planning on taking it . 
  its been proven false . 
  heres a quote from my history textbook : `` the ottoman conquest of constantinople administered a cultural and psychological shock to many european rulers and intellectuals , but its economic impact was minor . 
  ottoman control over the former byzantine empire reduced europeans direct access to the black sea , but the bulk of the far eastern luxury trade with europe had never passed through the black sea ports in the first place . 
  europeans got most of their spices and silks through venice , which them from alexandria and beirut , and these two cities did not fall to the ottomans until the 1520s . 
  so the ottoman empire was not necessarily the force that later motivated portuguese efforts to locate a sea route to india and the spice islands . 
  if anything it was portuguese access to india , and european attempts to exclude muslims and indians from the spice trade , that helped spur the later ottoman conquests of syria , egypt , and hungary . '', 
  western civilization by joshua cole . 
  / r/badhistory and would you really rather russia have it than turkey ? 
  istanbul is not a turkish name , its what the greeks called it and was a natural progression to rename it . 
  your thinking zaman , sabah is erodgans . 
  well it looks like it worked . 
  ankara is shit mate and you know it . 
  lan samsun and ordu is more first world than your pathetic istanbul , we are 0.5 world !, 
  anything even somewhat affiliated with the pkk in turkey would be the equivalent of something being affiliated with al quada in the u.s. . 
  i 'm not saying saying they 're similar organizations ( even though the pkk has likely killed more turkish/kurdish civilians than al quada american ) but how it is perceived . 
  a better example would be constantinople . 
  when mehmet took the city it was a shell of its former self that was barely populated . 
  so he forced a bunch of people from the balkans and anatolia into the city and before long it was largest non-chinese city on earth . 
  that said the days of forced migration are over :( . 
  ankara was a pretty natural development itself , while it was heavily infested much of its growth was due to it becoming the capital , it 's also overall a pretty dull city and is missing a `` soul '' . 
  this new city would need an incentive for people to migrate there over istanbul . 
  ankara is still considered western turkey or at most central . 
  the cost lines and west are in general well developed , you 'll have major cities like trabzon , samsun , izmir that are pretty prosperous . 
  the south eastern cities however like diyarbakir , kars , van , are seriously underdeveloped . 
  they said the same thing about bulgaria , poland , estonia , etc. 
   atlanta is n't that where are the zombies are ? 
  i think i 'd rather have tbilisi . 
  my brother got a georgian passport and i did n't so i do n't want them in the eu out of pure spite . 
  that one is actually pretty cool . 
  if there italian then yes you count them , 
  the same thing happened in turkey last year . 
  erdogan played soccer against some old players , scored a hat trick in like 20 minutes and got tired . 
  watch the video its actually so funny , its like playing with a mentally ill child and trying to make him happy . 
  hdp is first and foremost a party for the kurds , everything else is secondary . 
  your not even in eng you wannabe , 
  you better capitalize that t you gyro motherfucker, 
  its ok , greece is 40 so we all lost . 
  they could go to special camps to help them concentrate !, 
  depends on the language . 
  they just woke the sleepers !, 
  just a heads up the square brackets go around the text and the rounded ones go around the link . 
  well in the context of europe `` old friends '' makes me think of a relationship hundreds of years old like england and portugal . 
  saudi arabia is the bane of this earth , they spread extremism across europe . 
  considering both romania and the uk are in nato and the eu they are far more important to the uk than arabia . 
  all of pamuks books depict some facet of turkish life , and his books all have the universal theme of east and west . 
  many focus on istanbul , and some take a more historical perspective . 
  snow is in my opinion the best character study of turks and turkish politics , it showcases the so called ` white ' republican turks , the ` black ' conservative turks , diaspora , and kurds beautifully . 
  but as you said , they all do a great job into shedding some light onto some part of turkish culture . 
  the museum of innocence teaches us of the politics of love , white castle looks at the ottoman empire and its failure to progress , etc. 
  it depends on the book , but in general pamuk does n't use very complex language and has great translators . 
  his books are recommended to people learning turkish are they are easy to get into . 
  a book like `` the black book '' or the `` museum of innocence '' you would n't lose too much . 
  the stories are straight forward , and its purpose is more dedicated to telling a story rather than focus on the language . 
  that said some of his books like `` my name is red '' are written much more poetically , its very rhythmic , and to a certain extent that gets lost in translation . 
  what should you read next ? 
  well if your looking for something by pamuk than your best bet is `` my name is red '' , its not a traditional book , like i said very poetic - as the title implies you spent much of book listening to colours and paintings talk . 
  you could also try `` istanbul memories and the city '' , which i 'm reading right now !, 
  its an autobiography , and its as much about the city of istanbul as it is about him . 
  as a turk reading that book really does make your heart sink hearing about all the beauty and culture that city has lost . 
  you have already read his best book however , so if your looking for something similar to pamuk , you could try `` birds without wings '' its an english book that takes place in turkey before and after world war 1 , its very tragic and very beautiful . 
  another classic turkish book is `` memed my hawk '' probably the most famous turkish book ever written . 
  its funny you bring up winter sleep , i just watched it !, 
  the cinematography is beautiful , and it takes place in kapadokya so its 3 hours of eye candy . 
  it has similar themes as ` snow ' , but its less political , and less focused on religion and secularism . 
  as you know ` snow ' has some very gruesome and gnarly parts , winter sleep is much slower and philosophical . 
  both kar and ayd\u0131n ( the main character of winter sleep ) are isolated , lonely , and long for love . 
  its certainly an interesting movie , and if your interested in snow and turkey ( and you do n't mind arty movies ) you may enjoy it . 
  thanks for the questions !, 
  most books by orhan pamuk do a great job of portraying what its like to live in turkey . 
  `` the museum of innocence '' , while primarily a love story , does a great job of illustrating life in 70/80s istanbul , and the cultural divide from europe and the islam . 
  `` snow '' is a fantastic book on life in eastern turkey , honestly everyone should read it to understand islamic extremism , and the mentality of rural turks ( by extension rural anyone ) . 
  i could go on for hours about his books , let me know if you have a question i would love to answer !, 
  no no you did n't get the memo , we exchanged istanbul to greece for them to admit that baklava is a turkish invention . 
  all in all , a good deal . 
  whats that ? 
  still looks like a baller . 
  you would be better off posting this to / r/turkey . 
  as a start were are you coming from and what city are you moving to ? 
  again ca n't the same be said about the armenian genocide though , both are extremely similar . 
  a ) seriously that some horrible logic , by your logic no armenian should talk about the genocide since they are alive , same goes for jews . 
  my direct ancestors may be alive but siblings and what not are all dead . 
  b ) off the wikipedia article on history of genocides : `` the russian tsarist empire waged war against circassia in the northwest caucasus for more than one hundred years , trying to replace circassia 's hold along the black sea coast . 
  after a century of insurgency and war and failure to end the conflict , the tsar ordered the expulsion of most of the muslim population of the north caucasus . 
  many circassians , western historians , turks and chechens claimed that the events of the 1860s constituted one of the first modern genocides , in that a whole population was eliminated to satisfy the desires ( in this case economic ) of a powerful country . '', 
  edit : i forgot to add that the article puts the death toll at 400,000 . 
  c ) i like russia, 
  why not ? 
  my ancestors were killed and deported just like the armenians , what 's the difference ? 
  well that 's my point , the killing and expulsion of muslims from the caucuses reminds me very much of the armenian genocide yet it does n't get any recognition . 
  i mean the fact that there are more circassians in turkey than their home in russia is pretty telling . 
  my ancestors were prosecuted and had to leave georgia in the late 19the century due to russian rule , while i do n't care , a lot of my family finds it unfair that no one in world points to russia for genocide recognition . 
  just my two cents . 
  well the word genocide was n't invented until the 1940s so i do n't know if that 's exactly true ; ataturk did however did call a great shame and a tragedy .
