  man my cousin on my fathers side has blond hair and blue eyes and my cousin on my moms side has the complexion of an arab , trust me there is so much variation its crazy . 
  italians and greeks both disagreed on how to divide western anatolia , the rest of the allies backed greece . 
  italy saw this as a losing battle and actually decided to help mustafa kemal , training his army and providing him with weapons . 
  it would n't have felt right if the italians did n't switch sides , 
  they know the dangers , the only reason they are taking such a risky trip is because the alternative is worse . 
  turkey 's control over the bosphorus is dictated by the montreux convention . 
  the convention gives turkey some leeway over its allowance of military vessels , but any civilian or merchant ships are not allowed to be blocked unless turkey is at war with the nation the ships are originating from . 
  meaning if turkey applied sanctions on russia it still would n't legally be allowed to block any non-military vessels passing through the straights , if it did then it would be considered an act of war and nato has no obligation to help . 
  whats nice about north america is that there is civic nationalism , meaning that if you believe in canadian or american ideals you are considered a canadian or american . 
  a chinese immigrant can be an american nationalist , and thats why there is no negative - but in fact positive - connotation behind being a patriot or nationalist in north america . 
  europe is ruled by ethnic nationalism , an arab will never really be considered to be a german by the vast majority of germans . 
  it is much , much easier to integrate in canada or america than it is in europe due to this difference in mentality . 
  country | neutral percentage -- | -- switzerland | 100 %, 
  i mean theres also a chance thats your turkish colleagues were n't muslim . 
  every wedding i have gone to has been ` christian ' even if the ones getting married are not , its a part of the culture . 
  sanctions have literary nothing to do with blocking the bosphorus . 
  turkey safer then belgium ? 
  the only reason belgium would n't be safe would be because of turkish immigrants . 
  http://www.vg.no/protokoll/bilder/large/ace25194966e67d727eb8a9074b822cf.jpg first image i get when i googled `` norwegian road '' http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/denmark-odense-danish_national_road_9.jpg first image i get when i googled `` danish road '' . 
  yup , canada is experiencing the same problems , driving in any city is godawful , its like driving on seal 's ( the singer ) cheeks . 
  its better than the alternative disinterest in infrastructure , then you get a bunch of shoddy bridges and tunnels like the us . 
  you mean muslim serbs ? 
  they will be converted back to their forgotten roots and be happy again . 
  edit : take a joke you chernobyl , borscht eating , cabbage head motherfuckers . 
  we can have this argument over and over again but the people living in modern day turkey are the same people that were living their 5000 years ; they just have a new language . 
  this is turkish politics , everything is relative . 
  compared to the military dictators and adnan menderes he could have been much worse . 
  he tried to solve turkeys foreign policy issues , established a much better economy , was far more secular than earlier elected prime ministers , all in all incomparable to erdogan . 
  ozil ? 
  what did he do ? 
  the economy got better and he was mostly secular , what more do you want . 
  edit : ozal my bad, 
  it 's like saying danes and swedes are the same . 
  they are related , and their languages are similar but they are not the same . 
  looks like i 'll need to renew my turkish and georgian passports . 
  hes talking about world war 1 and the independence war that followed . 
  regardless the consensus is that crimean 's wanted to be a part of a russia , and after a year it still seems to be the case . 
  there was a referendum , and even with corruption most experts agreeded that the majority of crimea would be in favour of joining with russia . 
  k so what russia did in crimea is a ok then ? 
  few turks have joined from turkey as well , it 's relative again , but most people joining isis out of turkey are from the southeast and are usually arabic or kurdish . 
  not to say no turks have joined , it 's just a smaller number then you would expect . 
  we also a state appointed relgious system though which keeps salafism at bay . 
  we just need a greek invasion and we 'll get our shit together shortly after . 
  they can . 
  nowadays everybody wan na talk like they got something to say but nothing comes out when they move their lips just a bunch of gibberish and motherfuckers act like they forgot about cyprus, 
  turkish is the official language of an eu member state , which is the bulk of the argument . 
  if russian and catalan are official languages as well then by all means they should be as well . 
  the conflict in turkey was born out of assimilation . 
  your very much allowed to have your opinion , but assimilation for non-immigrant groups ( and yes after 500 years your no longer an immigrant ) to me personally is mistreatment . 
  as i said before , the eu and practically every nation gives us shit for this all time anyways . 
  bulgars , osman , the seljuks , oghuz tribes are all very much a part of turkish identity in the balkans . 
  i never claimed that turkey has any right to those lands , but its also does have cultural connections with it . 
  even ignoring turkic continuity , the ottomans ruling over that land for 5 centuries also gives turkey cultural relevance over the land . 
  you compare it colonies , but what colonies lasted for half a millennium ? 
  very few european groups are their `` original land '' if such a concept even exists . 
  do you treat hungarian minorities in other nations the same , as they are just as foreign to their homeland . 
  or hell look at serbs and kosovo , the entire idea of kosovo being serbian land is based on the myth of the kosovo battle , not because of a historic serbian presence ( and let me know if you want sources on that , i can provide tons ) . 
  in fact there is an entire paper on how the serbian nationality is based on culture significance rather than historic presence , ( i.e. 
  those mountains were in our poems therefore they are important to our nation even if no serbs have ever inhabited that land , its called `` serbian mental space and national identity '' by george w white ) . 
  bosnians use a bosniak identity when that was also a small insignificant tribe that most historians agree has little to do with modern bosnia . 
  or look at greece and the pontics , its a cultural group distinct from greeks ( yet related ) , and yet it was used a pretence to try and capture the black sea coast , it was due to this cultural relevance that was felt . 
  as i said before the ottomans do n't have connections with a modern turkish identity either , ataturk and the nationalists fought the ottomans , and towards the end the ottomans promoted pan-islamism , it was never a `` turkish '' empire , as being turkish as a concept did n't exist until the 20th century . 
  moving on from that , no matter what the history is it does n't give anyone the right to mistreat a nations minorities . 
  just like its awful how whites are treated in various parts of africa ( something i 'm assuming you do n't support ) . 
  these people have literally nothing personally to do with the injustices of the past , but they have every right to express their identity . 
  turkic is more then a linguistic identifier . 
  a turkish identity did n't exist 700 years ago either , it was created but nationalists in the 19th and 20th century . 
  that said turks trace our history back to turkic tribes like osman and the ottomans , alp aslan and the sekjuks , etc. 
  ffs do n't tell me that turks arnt related to turkic groups that 's beyond idiotic . 
  my point is that turkish history ( which very much correlates to turkic history ) is exenstive in the region . 
  who cares what the difference in time is , that culture has been present for hundreds of years , `` but we were here first '' does n't allow for human rights violations . 
  jesus christ the entire eu gives us shit for this with the kurds and then does the exact same . 
  ugh , quebecois are a product of colonialism , imperialism , and genocide , no different ( actually far worse , bulgarians still exist , native americans are in a pathetic situation right now ) then turks in bulgaria , and france is a much a homeland to them as turkey is for bulgarian turks ( both are looked down open in their `` home countries '' ) . 
  also turkic history is pretty extensive , its funny that you mention 681 with the establishment of the first bulgarian empire when that was literally a turkic tribe ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgars ) . 
  i seriously doubt that there are villages were people do n't speak bulgarian , just ones were turkish is the primary language . 
  i do n't see how its an issue for a minority that has lived on a land for half a century to speak their native language . 
  just as the french did in canada or the kurds in turkey . 
  while you may not have implied this being the case , its obvious that theres some hypocrisy in these cases , and they are not treated the same . 
  we were talking about quebec , should they have assimilated as well ? 
  genetically those turks in bulgaria are mostly bulgarian , so ethnicity they are native to the region . 
  their culture has been present in the region for at the very least 500 years but could be even longer ( turkic tribes had existed their since at least 500-600ad the bulgars tribe originally being a turkic tribe as well ) . 
  bulgaria is their homeland by all measures . 
  so did canada for the majority of its existence . 
  while recent incidents have made relations a lot better , turkey and ukraine have actually had pretty healthy relations since the 90s . 
  i think pontic could be considered a separate dialect , and at one point there was a sizeable pontic population on the black sea coast . 
  he 's currently in a domestic abuse trial as well . 
  if i had to guess , we were involved in one way or another . 
  lol what 's up with your hate boner for turkey , literally every time i see you you 're bitching about turkey . 
  makes me proud that some canadian is so wrapped up with our country . 
  anyways if you mean isis then you can provide your copy and pasted barrage of links half which have nothing to do with isis the other half being debunked or fraudulent , but i do n't have the time or energy right now so do n't expect a response . 
  as i said i doubt the russians really care , but legally it would have some pretty big repercussions . 
  yes . 
  the 90s are n't exactly relevant to current political climate , and as the book says it was n't exactly ever proven . 
  fun fact thessaloniki used to be a jewish majority city , then the balkan wars happened , then world war 2 happened . 
  hey man he was almost a soccer player . 
  plus they have a bit more legitimacy being an elected group . 
  erdogan has been clamping down on hamas though as he recently has tried to reestablish relations with israel . 
  hey i actually know this one !, 
  i wrote in a comment early about the siege of fatsa . 
  well anyways it this small blacksea town that elected communist leadership , and the government clamped down hard on it arresting tons of people .
