  a million serbs !? 
  is that just civilians , or civilians and soldiers ? 
  i mean i knew a lot of serbs were killed but a million is just crazy . 
  me as well ? 
  what is the best book that gives a good unbiased history of the who , what , where , when , and how of the balkans / yugoslavia in the 80s/90s ? 
  something that gives perspective from both sides ? 
  do n't be a hypocrite , you get mad when people say the same things about us , and our history is far dirtier . 
  http://imgur.com/6grxtr9 41 upvotes , i normally agree with you as well . 
  armenia still exists bud, 
  im not angry , your just being ridiculous is just being a bit ridiculous . 
  albanians problems will not be solved by just shoving the blame onto other people . 
  no one cares that you want to see radical jihadists die , its just that you equate all turks in albania to radical jihadists . 
  thats a bit hypocritical ai n't it . 
  `` be smart and not blame all albanians ... its the turks ! '' . 
  there are around 600 turkish citizens in isis out of 80 million , per capita thats far less then albania . 
  this guy was albanian get over it , we all have citizens that we do n't like . 
  i ca n't believe this fucking thread . 
  why is everyone calling this fuck a turk . 
  turks are no more muslim extremists then albanians . 
  albania is literary the only european country that where i 'd rather just live in turkey . 
  sure , if you speak turkish then your a turk , in my mind at least . 
  but this guy hears that an albanian joined isis and automatically assumes he 's turkish , which is ridiculous ( especially ridiculous considering the vast vast majority - like 99 % according to recent polls - of turks hate isis , and there are barely any turkish members ) . 
  every ethnicity has religious nut , and its not like in sweden where its immigrants this was a native . 
  btw turkey has less members in isis then most major european countries , and we 're across the border . 
  and ? 
  turkey is bigger the england and france combined . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't speak swamp english . 
  the furher would be proud . 
  the fuck how are some people so delusional . 
  like shit we are n't the only nation thats invaded its neighbours , its practically a part of european culture . 
  france and britain were mortal enemies , as was germany and france , but times change . 
  i 'll agree that relations are far from perfect , and there are still contentions between the two , but the days of being mortal enemies are very much over . 
  both nations have far more pressing issues then being at each others throats . 
  on a local level here in turkey no one has anything against `` ionians '' or `` rums '' anymore . 
  lol you want istanbul back or something ? 
  why ? 
  i would love for the relations between our two countries grow . 
  extermisim from the region killed thousands of people , which even russia had a hard time dealing with . 
  this is so wrong i just cant help but laugh . 
  nenshi is shia , independent of any party , very liberal . 
  he got most of votes from the younger population who never voted before . 
  hell some even speculate hes homosexual . 
  at this point your just literary making shit up . 
  you know your allowed to not like europeans as well, 
  its ok , istanbul has enough tourists already we do n't need more . 
  is isis going to come to take over turkey , is that what your saying ? 
  one the largest armies in europe ca n't defend against some jihadists ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i actually started liking cats since i made this account . 
  they are adorable but ill admit they are assholes . 
  now dogs , not as cute , but actually useful . 
  a good dog is your partner for its entire life and will always protect you , and thats awesome . 
  he never said thats what its like now , just that its their goal . 
  extremists from the mid east very much want muslims oppressed in europe , because it would he easier to recruit and insight terrorism . 
  your correct , i was just basing my judgement off the reaction to the charlie ebdo ( sorry if i spelt it wrong ) attack which was a united and strong france willing to take no shit . 
  i dont fucking care , i dont want to be associated with those animals anymore . 
  yes and yes . 
  insisting hatred is very much their goal as europe becomes more and more polarized . 
  disgusting act . 
  shit like this has made me not only leave islam but actively hate it . 
  i am sorry for the victim and his family . 
  its a sad year for france but i only see the nation coming out stronger . 
  istanbul isnt exactly known for its poverty . 
  much of turkey is poor but istanbul is no different than say new york , sure it has poor parts but not a defining part of the city . 
  most likely yes , my family and the majority of my home town is georgian ( not russian but you get the point ) , they moved here in the 19/20th century after being kicked out of georgia by russians . 
  not to mention the millions of refugees coming from the balkans after the balkan wars . 
  there are much easier and cheaper ways to get corrupt votes in turkey than taking in millions of refugees . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  its a pretty well known fact that hes georgian , like obama being kenyan . 
  he used to talk about it all the time now he denies it though . 
  there have been kurdish prime minsters , including ataturks successor . 
  hell erdogan is georgian . 
  i know right , and no talks or cares about them . 
  no , muslim ( not personally though ) georgian . 
  could also be the turks there . 
  turks in georgia are assholes , georgians are very friendly . 
  my uncle was having trouble at the border since his kids did n't have a picture in his turkish passport . 
  georgian dude that spoke turkish translated and helped us for like 2 hours . 
  bought my cousin ice cream after . 
  i could be biased since im georgian , but they might not smile , but they have good hearts . 
  thats the thing , its just the armenian that matters . 
  everyone is ok being mixed , but these being ataturks daughter everyone got butthurt . 
  yes . 
  her niece said in an interview to hrant dink ( a famous turkish/armenian journalist that was later assassinated ) that she is of armenian origin , while other relatives say she is from the balkans/bosnian . 
  i never understood why anyone cared , hell even ataturk is said to be of albanian decent , but the conflicts with armenian have soured any relations . 
  i agree . 
  without the kurdish parts turkeys gdp per capita and hdi would be on par with europe . 
  we are just following in the steps of other powers . 
  so azerbaijani is considered europe but turkey is n't , i feel like this is a cruel joke . 
  i 'm a dirty lier anyways , i like albania . 
  thats what i said !, 
  albania sucks !, 
  can i have gold now ? 
  while he has a point , his other comments have soon he him to be ultra-right wing . 
  hes not even serbian . 
  the worlds first female combat fighter pilot was turkish , ataturk later adopted her . 
  also the first torpedo fired by a submarine was by the the ottoman empire : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_submarine_abd%c3%bcl_hamid, 
  what did it say ? 
  while religion is certainly a factor , there are much more important forces in play . 
  a bolstered economy , weaning the army out of politics , developments with the kurds , a weak opposition , early liberal policies , early success and a rise in regional power , strengthening ties with middle eastern neighbours , all were far more important than just religion .
