  a bunch of those turks from fatsa fled to japan , so japans non-kurdish turkish population is made up almost completely of these former ( or current , i do n't know them ) communists !, 
  i bet no one has been tortured in modern french history , or europe for that matter , all squeaky clean !, 
  its funny actually , for a long time turkish communist groups had tons of infighting between maoists and stalinists . 
  i 've ton a lot of reading on the subject but really can not find too much evidence that the soviets directly supported these groups , i mean it makes sense , its almost incomprehensible that they would n't , i just have n't read anything that says they have . 
  its funny a town right beside my hometown , fatsa , where much of my family is from , actually elected communist leadership and allegedly tried to separate from turkey . 
  the government then sieged the whole damn city and arrested a shitton of people , afterwards they pulled a coup , and cleaned house on communists . 
  literally hundreds of thousands of people were arrested . 
  another fun fact , early turkish-soviet relations ( before stalin at least ) where very good . 
  lenin gave a ton of support to ataturk during his war of independence and supplied us weapons and gold . 
  of course it was more of a fuck the west thing but still we appreciate it . 
  the past decade has been good for our arms industry , tons of stuff is being built in turkey now . 
  supplying a sovereign nation with military equipment = / = supplying a terrorist paramilitary organization with military equipment . 
  it would be a better comparison if turkey was supplying chechen terrorist paramilitaries . 
  i mean turkey already had good relations with ukraine and i thought a bunch of countries had given ukraine equipment already . 
  not that russia really cares about all this , they 'll use whatever they can against turkey at this point . 
  regardless , any apparent arming of what nato and eu recognizes as a terrorist organization will have huge legal consequences , while this wo n't . 
  they allowed our jets into their airspace to bomb them , i doubt they have a working relationship . 
  kudret g\u00fcng\u00f6r ) 4 tank landing ships that are used also for minelaying ( ertu\u011frul , osman gazi , sarucabey , karam\u00fcrselbey ) 20 tank landing craft 6 asw aircrafts 32 asw helicopters '', 
  your really showing how little your know about the situation , krg and the pkk fought a long civil war , they in no way work together . 
  turkey is acting no different then any other nation between syria and germany , if anything we are doing a better job holding them in then the likes of macadonia or serbia . 
  we have millions of refugees and our economy is already pretty shit , do n't expect us to be the eus bitch . 
  lol like the entire eu is going to war with turkey over violating our own sovereignty . 
  my point is that any nation in the region would not be able to take on turkeys navy in the aegean . 
  even the russian black sea fleet would have trouble ( addressed by russians themselves , they have beefing up their fleet specifically against turkey ) . 
  regardless this is n't a tom clancy no one is going be declaring war on a nato member any time soon . 
  this is the aegean we are talking about turkey would abousetly win . 
  it happens , but it 's pretty rare , nothing significant . 
  jesus christ , that shit does n't even happen anymore in turkey . 
  i wonder if their has been any in french guyana , it would be the first in an european country . 
  europe has yet to gib monies just say they do, 
  you act like we are doing nothing , we have the most refuges in the world . 
  i think you mean it 's getting more expensive because of economic development right , which is a good thing !, 
  or am i missing something ? 
  i really want to visit the baltics , it looks very beautiful and is probably a lot cheaper then western european , plus less tourists . 
  its a new administration after the war though this one being much closer to russia , and the former president saakashvili who was predictably super anti-russian now has an arrest warrant in georgia and became a minister in ukraine . 
  even if they backed turkey , they have been trying to improve relations with russia , but it has its obvious challenges with ossetia and abkhazia . 
  the georgian government has been more and more pro-putin lately . 
  it 's funny how their pro lgbt talk starts and ends in istanbul , i would love to see their rainbow flags in diyarbakir . 
  fgm is n't really a thing in turkey outside of a few places in our progressive southeast . 
  it was a saudi that committed the attack . 
  there are also tons of russian nationals from the caucuses in isis , and some of their highest positions are held by chechens , these people are classified as russians . 
  i can tell you with 99.99 % certainty they were from the caucasus . 
  tons of is members and leadership are chechens , ingush , etc. 
  if it was anywhere else but sultanahmet i would be sure they were turkish germans . 
  but sultanahmet is a such a touristy spot that most ethnic turks do n't go there so at this point i 'm certain they were ethnic germans . 
  either way its just as horrific of an attack and does n't change much . 
  hell a lot of us are literally just greeks that lost our way , or in my case georgians that did . 
  i would be happy not to , but this is the reality of how things are perceived in europe , i 'm not the first to make the distinction . 
  it 's out of curiosity . 
  it 's not like it 's an offensive question either . 
  does anyone know if they were germa germans or turkish germans ? 
  i really hate this stereotype that its only the dumb uneducated islamic turks that vote for the akp , this is simply not true , the akp and the opposition parties have given plenty of reason for the akp to get a majority . 
  this is all coming from an non-muslim kemalist . 
  the fact of the matter is that turks primary concern is the economy and their own well being . 
  this is proven by any pole done at election time , where 70-80 % of turks say they are voting for x party for economic reasons . 
  with that in mind the akp 's rise in power is a pretty simply explanation . 
  the 1990s were a truly horrible time for turkey and its economy . 
  then the akp comes in and everything genuinely gets better . 
  there was a consistent growth rate of around 8 % , which for turkey was pretty much unheard of . 
  an economist could tell you how this had nothing to do with the akp , and how it was because of reforms made by previous governments , international support , a rise in the world economy , but none of this matters , to your average turk the akp came in and the economy got better , their lives got better . 
  there is also no denying that for the past 50 years pretty much any government in turkey had no idea what they were doing in regards to the economy , the akp does n't really either and had the help of the imf , but again this does n't matter since all turks see is their lives getting better not the how and why . 
  you can literally ( and this has been done plenty of times ) look at turkeys growth rate , and look at akp voting percentages and they match up perfectly , when one goes down , so does the other , when the one goes up so does the other . 
  not just that , but the akp was the only party to genuinely do something about the kurdish issue that was n't just send in the military . 
  anyone who knows me , knows that in no way do i support the pkk . 
  but , in the 1980s and 1990s there were some real grievances that the kurds had . 
  no political or cultural recognition , military mistreatment , poor economic development . 
  erdogan comes and tries and unite everyone under the banner of islam . 
  i do n't agree with the method , but there are now kurdish political parties , kurdish classes in university , kurdish tv channels , etc. 
  kurds do n't have it perfect , there is still a far way to go , but my point is that erdogan did more for kurds in 10 years then kemalist have done in 100 . 
  so of course he secured a good portion of the kurdish vote . 
  the lower classes of turkey were suppressed throughout turkish history in the name of secularism . 
  women in headscarves could n't attend university or be in public office until the mid 2000s . 
  anytime the lower more religious classes got any political recognition the military would shut it down . 
  erdogan himself was jailed for reciting an islamic poem in parliament . 
  suppress these people for years and of course they will cling to the first proper political representation in a century , thats how these things work . 
  lastly , the opposition parties in turkey are fucking awful . 
  they are seriously useless , and can accomplish nothing . 
  they literally just spew anti-erdogan rhetoric . 
  maybe instead , talk of economic and political goals , and how to accomplish them . 
  imagine if the democrats in america were literally only talking about how awful trump is , and doing literally nothing else ( make a joke that they are but this is n't the truth , any political debate in the us has extensive talk on social and economic issues ) . 
  look its easy for me to vote for the chp from an airport in istanbul or an embassy in ottawa . 
  in reality i do n't i should n't be allowed to bot at all , the turkish elections do n't really effect me . 
  my point is though , that calling these people idiotic , uneducated , poverty line workers , is in of itself idiotic . 
  its simply not the truth . 
  erdogan has support from all facets of turkish society and for good reason too . 
  until these issues are addressed he 's going to keep his majority . 
  she 's right , outside of the obvious religious similarities turkey and its problems today are far closer to russia then anyone of our arab or persin neighbours . 
  it 's a russian national , so most likely a chechen . 
  do not take this as me saying that turkeys history involving greece is peaceful and we have done no wrong , but many civilian turks were killed and raped by greeks . 
  and right next to that passage it talks about turks killing and raping turks . 
  racially turkey is closer to greece , the balkans , and the caucuses ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_history_of_the_turkish_people ) . 
  in reality people mean religion . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/26-police-officers-to-stand-trial-in-dink-case.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=92594&amp;newscatid=509 it is like anything else involving turkey super controversial and ripe with corruption claims . 
  the government and its sources says it a part of a gulenist conspiracy and terrorist organization while gulen and his sources says its erdogan unfairly targeting them for political gain . 
  the truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  i really do n't trust either side , but its not a stretch to imagine police involvement . 
  netherlands is the worst one . 
  they had pkk camps for years , and then they kill a dutchman and suddenly they all get raided the next day . 
  but of course they had no idea about them right ? 
  from wikipedia .
