  maybe you got a picture of an example ? 
  thanks mate . 
  it 's factorio but i wonder how you got here without knowing the game . 
  skyrim would be nice , so that i can ruin it with mods . 
  is there a button for middle mouse button ? 
  edit : never mind found it myself . 
  i really want to see his response on mods deleting every comment in [ / r/gaming 's thread ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/2dz0gs/totalbiscuit_discusses_the_state_of_games/ ) . 
  it 's not for me , and the guy who wants it really ca n't wait . 
  anyways , thanks for inspecting the build . 
  it 's like these sjw 's do n't have a self-preservation instinct , pissing everyone off on the internet . 
  ooh well that explains it . 
  and i have to agree , the season system is a really interesting mechanic . 
  well , income wont be a problem since i 'm making 40k a turn in winter but thanks for the headsup . 
  due to the amount of the oxygen in our atmosphere now and then . 
  animals as big as a dinosaurs could n't get enough oxygen nowadays to life . 
  more rule 34 bioshock, 
  you know how they say , third time 's the charm . 
  maybe this winter invasion of russia will go better than the last two . 
  looks like somebody did n't pay the ign tax . 
  i 'm gon na play as the guy who does n't have enough money to buy the new dlc, 
  i messaged their support and they said that they run out of keys due to high demand . 
  so that 's why you are getting the error . 
  i really do n't have that much patience after using a 550ti for 3 years . 
  and i 've been looking into buying a 280 but no resellers sell it here . 
  so i guess i 'll just buy a 760 . 
  sorry , should have said that i 'm talking about inquisition . 
  i guess i 'll preorder it then . 
  time to learn some mexican . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2kh5ez/all_in_good_time_2/ part 2 of the first one, 
   my so already said no to ser pounce-a-lot . 
  you should rethink your relationship with your so . 
  set course for the pirate bay . 
  you could always use a [ cheat table ] ( http://forum.cheatengine.org/viewtopic.php?t=533433 ), 
  probably because it has micro transactions . 
  yes , but they still included it and that has definitely rustled some people 's jimmies . 
  you have two slots for your armor and a helmet . 
  and every armor can be customized by adding gloves and boots to it . 
  you can see an example [ here ] ( http://youtu.be/tnnai8zbjoe?t=11m15s ), 
  if your pc meets the recommended requirements for inquisition , then definitely get it for pc . 
  and it seems that it will control better on pc , but that 's just my opinion having never played an rpg on a console before . 
  loving that grey warden insignia on the child . 
  no just start the download with the vpn and turn it off after it starts downloading . 
  `` we do n't go to war , we go on vacations . '', 
  you have to complete three astrariums that are located at crestwood , to open the door . 
  you could check this [ list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/wiki/builds ) of builds , and choose the one that fits your wallet . 
  premades are almost never worth the price . 
  as for building , you can just watch few videos on youtube and you 'll get the hang of it . 
  thank you very much . 
  i have been searching for this all day . 
  checked them though i only saw them for a short time . 
  cpu stayed at around 50 degrees celsius and the gpu at 70 , unless speedfan is not picking up the temps right , and i have played more demanding games without any problems . 
  though i 'll have to try check it a few more times to be certain . 
  actually no , and now it seems stupid that i did not . 
  i 'll have to try this . 
  the only critical error that i 'm getting is that the pc lost power unexpectedly . 
  if it will help i could post the log, 
  ran furmark and pc did n't crash , temperatures also stayed pretty normal cpu at 53 and gpu at 79 . 
  i 'll try running it for a longer period of time when i 'll be able . 
  yeah , i 've tried both of those things . 
  i even tried moving my capital to the same colonial region . 
  nothing helps, 
  thanks , i 'll go do that now . 
  yeah they are, 
  yes , i 'm sure, 
  right on my birthday too . 
  now i feel even more lonely . 
  and which manufacturer would you recommend ? 
  that leader must be albert einstein . 
  anything +, 
  which quest is this ? 
  i 've never seen it before . 
  entering, 
  if you still have this bug just reload a save file before talking to guillame in the medic 's tent and when you go to talk with him choose not to parctise and the tourney will work fine . 
  how about the xtar vc4 charger ? 
  i really do n't believe that . 
  i just finished dromund kass quests and after reaching level 20 i got the tool tip next to quest rewards that i got reduced xp . 
  is there a blog post somewhere since i 'm still somewhat skeptical, 
  i see , thanks for the info, 
  but if you had to choose between the two which one would you go for ? 
  because i ca n't find your suggested ones used and the ones in our vape shops are just too expensive for me . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , why do you hate yours ? 
  xtz earphone 12, 
  i must have missed that somehow , but if i choose to go to vellum citadel can i still access the spire in lethian 's crossing ? 
  lithuania 's greatest contribution to the internet - a single meme, 
  it 's a completely stock oneplus one phone , nothing has been done to it . 
  i have n't even rooted it yet . 
  not sure what other details i could give . 
  oneplus one is already running on cm 13 so that wo n't really help . 
  sorry but it looks like this did n't help , maybe you have some more tips ? 
  it seems i somewhat fixed it by having the chat heads open all the time . 
  thanks for the tip anyway . 
  could you post that link , ca n't really find it by myself . 
  thanks for the help . 
  really not sure why are you so hostile i only asked a question and i do n't really see a problem with upgrading a firmware . 
  why would n't you want to update your stuff to the newest version . 
  anyways if you ca n't help then you really should n't comment . 
  forgot to mention that i tried redownloading it several times and it always shows the same wrong number . 
  i guess i 'll just hold off on updating until i find a solution , do n't want to brick it . 
  i 'm considering an upgrade to my system and i was wondering if my i5-2400 processor wo n't bottleneck gtx 770 ? 
  its not 1980s anymore gearbox .
