corrected , it was a typo . 
  excuse me ? 
  i 'm not hating on anyone . 
  i 'm just saying everybody should use their common sense . 
  are you too brainwashed to realize it ? 
  our society is not politically correct , you 're imposing these patterns of behavior on us . 
  if you said that joke , everyone would laugh . 
  if a politician said that , everyone would laugh including his opponents , who would however subsequently criticize him . 
  no , it would really not cause a scandal . 
  no , if you said that joke in public , you would n't be fired from your job . 
  it 's not ridiculous , it 's common sense . 
  the only ridiculous thing is to stop using it and pretend like you do n't realize who did it . 
  xenophobia means fear of foreigners . 
  i do n't think i 'm afraid of muslims or any other foreigners . 
  nah , i will rather stick to calling it `` common sense . '', 
  tell what to jobbik and fn ? 
  to stop killing jews ? 
  i 'm afraid they 've never killed any jews . 
  they may make other racist statements , but guessing that muslims did it is in no way racist . 
  ahh , the good old godwin 's law strikes early today . 
  fyi , hitler has really , but really nothing to do with this . 
  that 's a lie , people like me welcome people arguing with us , because it 's the opposite of what political correctness means . 
  political correctness is about silencing your opponents . 
  nobody on the far right is silencing their critics , but * they * are being silenced . 
  far right wing groups in europe gave up violence against jews long ago , they know it would only harm their pr . 
  and the word * racism * apparently does n't mean what you think it means . 
  it 's a guess , not racism . 
  i do n't remember anyone predicting that ... breivik was apprehended soon after the massacre , and the massacre was against norwegian kids , not the jews , so it would be a weird motive for muslims . 
  on the other hand , there are a plenty of precendents for attacks on jewish centers in europe , like the one in france perpetrated my mohammed merah . 
  yeah , because it 's so very racist to try to guess the most probable scenario ... brussels and a jewish center ... who would 've thought that ? 
  it 's not that they disagree . 
  it 's the fact that the left refuses to discuss it in any way and they 're trying to stamp out all opinions they think are racist from the media and public discussion . 
  it 's an objective fact that all south africans , regardless of color , are now worse off than they were under apartheid . 
  the ruling party is corrupt , incompetent and the crime rate is one of the highest in the world . 
  now , the left may disagree . 
  anyone can . 
  but the problem is that they immediately label their opponents `` racist '' for saying that without even addressing the argument . 
  the left wants them to be ashamed for saying the truth . 
  that 's the very essence of political correctness . 
  and that is relevant because ... ? 
  politically correct people do n't want a honest debate in principle , because political correctness is about silencing their opponents and labelling them `` racist '' and `` xenophobic . '', 
  there were no minorities in scotland after ww2 . 
  political correctness was started in the usa by the new left and it was exported to europe , european communists previously used it in a completely different meaning . 
  no , i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  no , your sort of people is the reason why europe ca n't have a honest debate about immigration . 
  by which i mean americans , because you 're an american . 
  americans are exporting political correctness to europe and want to make it seem that cracking a joke about ebola wiping out blacks is in some way wrong ( it 's not , fyi ) . 
  these politicians are saying what they think - yes , they 're the ones who want to have a honest debate about immigration and assimilation . 
   tits and genitalia are n't censored in public so you can put up a bilboard with a giant photo of dick on it ? 
  no , that really does n't sound very conservative . 
  it 's literally a second holocaust !, 
  it 's not a hybrid of west and east , it has a culture of its own and it belongs to central europe , just like germany and austria . 
  if anything , austria could be described as a hybrid , because vienna was formerly the centre of a big multinational empire stretching from italy to romania . 
  because it also censors the internet . 
  you should post this to / r/pyongyang . 
  most countries have a population registry , here they also tick your name off a list . 
  but if you want to vote somewhere else than in your permanent place of residence , you need to obtain a voter card . 
  actually , nope . 
  they were ethnic germans , we were n't . 
  that 's just a technical detail , we were n't actually german . 
  it 's just evil capitalist pro-western propaganda . 
  russians believe only what their dear leader putin says . 
  and he says it was the maidan fascists who want to attack russia . 
  that 's why russia needs to defend itself and swiftly occupy the whole eastern ukraine to put an end to this fascism and terrorism . 
  claiming it was on german soil would be mislading . 
  bohemia was a part of the holy roman empire , but it was a separate duchy . 
  you 're right , volvo was just sold to the chinese . 
  they could all move to israel , i do n't see any loss here . 
  volvo still exists ? 
  i thought it went bankrupt . 
  such a family would have to intermarry with the brits , if they did n't , they would remain czechs and should use the czech flag . 
  now you 're just being ridiculous . 
  at one time polish citizenship did n't exist , poles were citizens of russia , austria and germany . 
  does that mean there were no poles ? 
  it means citizenship does n't hold any weight in deciding who is polish and who is n't . 
  and i dismiss the cultural sense as insignificant , because it really is insignificant , because as i said , poles are an ethnic group , there can be no black poles , yellow poles , german poles , czech poles , indian poles etc. 
  there is no such thing as `` non-ethnic poles '' . 
  this is impossible . 
  does n't matter if he considers himself `` culturally polish '' , he 's still not polish . 
  yes , i do seriously claim that one 's ancestry is the basic component of one 's ethnicity . 
  no person can be ethnically polish unless they have polish ancestry . 
  that 's how it is and how it 's always been . 
  you need to view it as a part of a larger picture . 
  what does citizenship really mean ? 
  it 's just a piece of paper . 
  governments come and leave , award citizenship to people they see fit and force those they do n't like to the exile . 
  only the nation remains , and your ethnicity is something that ca n't be given to you or taken from you . 
  i concluded he was not polish , because both of his parents were vietnamese . 
  citizenship is irrelevant . 
  okamura is only half czech ( he has a japanese father and a czech mother ) , but that does n't mean he ca n't be a senator and a presidential candidate , because he has czech citizenship . 
  the purpose of the image was n't to pain a bad image of romania , just to show how much it sucked under ceausescu . 
  but no wonder you 're so pissed off , your parents likely belonged to the communist elite and then stole a lot of money during privatization , so now you can live in london and be one rich bastard . 
  that does n't make him polish though . 
  croatian is easy ... i 'll learn it faster than you pronounce obersturmbannf\u00fchrer . 
  my grandpa was forced to learn german at school and he hated it , you fucking nazis . 
  as an aside , i was also forced to learn german at high school , but only because most people in my class chose it , so i chose it too . 
  certainly not harder than vietnamese . 
  and why are you using the polish flag instead of the vietnamese one ? 
  ... from a marxist perspective ( because he self-identifies as a marxist ) . 
  ireland is not as religious as it once was , i heard it 's secularizing pretty quickly .
