but it is hilarious : d, 
  hey i 'm a citizen, 
  he meant that they are . . * stayin ' alive , stayin ' alive *, 
  lol, 
  it is a choice . 
  my wings are ready, 
  translation ? 
  [ our president in japan . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/gc15k2ncc1c ), 
  i would n't be poor in the first place . 
  i am talking about knp , not about that idiot korwin . 
  i stopped supporting him after what he did during the fifth may debate . 
  polan so relevant even its colonies had colonies, 
  yes yes yes !, 
  kukiz + national movement + congress of the new right + law and justice ruling in poland , jobbik and fidesz in hungary !, 
  yes polan stronk, 
  100 % agree i also think we should kick out all europeans out of europe to make room for immigrants, 
  what cities ? 
  with atomic bombs, 
  true , america is better than europe in almost every way . 
  most of the intelligent europeans escaped to america in the xix century . 
  europe would by more exciting , less powerful , and less cultured without me, 
  busted f * ck public healthcare, 
  what is wrong with crnaruka ? 
  serious question . 
  edit : you get down voted for asking questions . 
  r/europe in a nutshell . 
  hungary has many slavic traditions too , but it is n't slavic either :d not all slavic countries have slavic culture , and not every eastern european nation is slavic . 
  you are propably roman with a culture heavily influenced by it 's neighbours slavic neighbours . 
  does n't matter . 
  do n't get me wrong , i really like romania , but it simply is n't a slavic country . 
  romanians are n't slavs ... 
  christianity is what made america a superpower . 
  i do n't want them to be part of the eu . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/i2_ec1dtxgm ), 
  the reason is perfectly obvious : socialism . 
  ** every single socialist will land in prison , socialist activists will be seperated from the rest of the world , and in extreme cases - removed . 
  dracula can only do so much, 
  no , remove eu . 
  let 's take it back . 
  the more boars the less conservative we have progressive boars, 
  that 's adorable australia, 
  i have a better idea . 
  remove taxes , let women stay at home and their husbands work their asses off . 
  simple fix . 
  does n't equal to libertarianism . 
  and ? 
  good night left side, 
  because estonia is such a shithole . 
  well , he needs a land passage to crimea . 
  only crimea . 
  the state itself is completely irrelevant . 
  so every country that is at war automatically becomes relevant ? 
  i did n't say anything like that ... 
  a conflict in an irrelevant country with one side supported by the west , and one by the east . 
  so vietnam v2 ? 
  we are talking about legal issues here . 
  if you did n't notice already . 
  that 's why the current law is irrelevant . 
  but it 's quite obvious at this point that you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  if i do n't want to keep my dick private , does that mean i should wave it in public ? 
  but i guess that is too difficult to understand . 
  you do n't really get the concept of privacy , do you ? 
  crimea hehehe, 
  sexuality is private . 
  polan stronk . 
  polan western welfare state, 
  as far as my feet will carry me is n't a war movie . 
  it 's more about survival and hope . 
  umm ... no ... the key is fast progress ... 
  `` awesome !, 
  i hope more is done to drop gender rules in ie languages . 
  get with the times . '', 
  this means war prussia polan, 
  i said there are differences between genders , you asked what i mean , i linked to an article explaining the differences between genders . 
  having a hard time ? 
  men are different , women are different . 
  if `` getting with the times '' means abandoning logic , i prefer going back . 
  kukiz won in opole in the first round ... 
  the whole country went retard if you ask me . 
  except for opole in the first round . 
  i love this damn country . 
  and i thought we had bad courts . 
  polish : symetria . 
  basically an innocent guy is accused of robbing a store , nobody can prove he was n't there . 
  he is waiting for the trial , in prison . 
  bad shit happens there . 
  wo n't say anything more , i do not want to spoil it , but it 's f * cking great . 
  ( short film about killing ) it 's not that short , actually . 
  great movie comparing the typical crazy guy murder , without any preparations , to the cold and calculated death penalty . 
  german : as far as my feet will carry me - a german soldier gets arrested after the war , sent to the gulag . 
  he decides to escape , and has to travel through all of ussr to get home . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  they would n't have voted for korwin because of some of the bullshit he spreads . 
  they voted for kukiz because he is ( or at least seems like ) korwin without the bullshit . 
  the people who vote for the right want change . 
  that 's it . 
  remember when palikot got 10 % ? 
  well , now he is at 1 % . 
  where did these people go ?
