i think it 's the total emission , there are just more cars, 
  usa , uk ? 
  they willfully migrated to the british colonies ( or states , after revolution ) , it was not like german government sent them to german colonies to settle , which probably r/redwashing was referring to . 
  look up [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/forty-eighters ) . 
  only the british sent large numbers of their subjects to the colonies ( ca , usa , au , nz ) , i do n't think any other colonial power did that, 
  found the time traveller, 
  genetically engineer everybody to look like white nordics , problem solved, 
  when it said `` declaration of christmas peace '' i thought of something [ like this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/christmas_truce ) . 
  that and tinercis , arabs , aggressive feral dogs, 
  us and uk have too much of uneducated non-white people that skew the statistics though . 
  i mean why would a cholo or a hood rat vote trump, 
  tayyib is ethnically georgian too . 
  i think georgian material is just ideal for dictator production, 
  does poland get shit from western european countries because of this ? 
  because it seems like primary reason russia is disliked is putin is a traditional man, 
  same here, 
  i think left of the west and the right of the turkey is similar ( both love allah lol ) in the way they demonize the opposition . 
  one of the interesting things is , erdo\u011fan and his ultra-right supporters think with the presumption that europe is a still nationalist , religious christian , militarist and a patriarchal place like it was in the 1900 , which is the biggest straw man argument to have in the age of information of 2010s , but people are that stupid . 
  well maybe that old school kind of thinking exists in russia , poland , serbia etc ( albeit not even close to being majority ) , people here assume that germany is still like heil hitler and britain is still like let 's invade the arse of brown wankers , while in reality they 're mostly pacifist , atheist and non-nationalist people . 
  `` cucks '' , as the alt-right say . 
  replace black people with the `` dissenters '' and the southern baptism with sunni islam , i think it 'd be 1910 alabama . 
  but i do n't think anywhere in 2017 comes close, 
  i mean the social power . 
  i read diaries from 1900-1930 ( especially world war i soldiers ) , and it makes today 's us south look like a pretty godless place . 
  mostly english and german though , were the french less religious even back in the early 20th century ? 
  turks definitely say it , and brits too , judging from the lad bible comments section, 
  but that 's a bit too old . 
  while wwi is no recent memory either , it 's effects are much more felt today , and it was photographically documented , making it more dramatic , unlike napoleonic wars . 
  while wwii is actually recent , and it 's effects directly influenced the europe for another 50 years , i did n't ask about it because hitler . 
  in wwi , enemies thought the same , believed the same thing , so it was more nationally driven . 
  i think demographic transition and economic restructuring played the biggest part . 
  back in 1910s when average frenchman or a german was either a farmer or an industrial worker , it would be unlikely for him to ever travel to france/germany to meet the `` enemies '' and cultural exchanges etc. 
  today most people in europe do n't suffer from poverty , are college educated , travel a lot and also educational system promotes critical thinking while back then it probably pushed nationalistic agendas . 
  actually same here with the entente , but i think only anzac representatives come . 
  i never heard of french or russian or greeks coming over for memorial . 
  but ww1 is seen differently than [ war of independence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_war_of_independence ) , ww1 is more seen as a mistake and a tragedy by some ( not the majority though , but still a common opinion ) while calling war of independence something negative is much more of a taboo . 
  but it 's of course related to contemporary politics too , since turkey is still in a bad relationship with the countries it went to war back then , while it 's certainly not the case for france and germany . 
   100,000 men slaughtered by just a few thousand professional soldiers what the hell , were they straight outta assassin 's creed ? 
  he went using a [ time machine ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/umayyad_invasion_of_gaul ), 
   amount of women and girls in veils that percentage might have doubled in the last 10-13 years or so , also around 1 million arabs moved to istanbul in the last 5 years . 
  ( 1 million is an optimistic estimate by the way , can be a lot higher than that , but i do n't typically venture into neighborhoods where they live at ), 
   wait is `` the holy book '' now in turkish ? 
  yes it is . 
   why would west need to show its power ? 
  it 's undisputed king of the world and usa is the leader of the pack . 
  turks know it as do other muslims . 
  i loled at this , did you went into coma in the year 1900 and just woke up now ? 
  all major usa cities are now crowded with blacks , mexicans and indians , nations like china and india can make their own rockets etc , european powers lost all their colonies and countries like pakistan now have more military might than germany . 
   also lol nazis were not supported more then commies or democrats , it just that people often used the war for personal battles ( including countries see croatia , ukraine , baltics , finland ... ) governments were allied with them and populace usually supported them . 
  civilian resistance against nazis were so weak that it was a joke . 
  only the parts of yugoslavia stood up to hitler because he saw them as subhumans to be exterminated , it was out of necessity . 
  and they still did n't do much damage to nazis . 
  `` the axis '' was practically whole europe except uk and russia , it was n't nazi germany , it was all of the continent . 
  and none of my ancestors were raped by arabic soldiers , but when same can not be said for you when it comes to german/austrian soldiers . 
  do you speak german ? 
  but they 're a subculture , especially the way they talk . 
  i did n't necessarily ask about cunts , i asked about `` that guys '' . 
  sorry to be that guy but : _ in 1900 women 's legal standing was fundamentally governed by their marital status . 
  they had very few rights . 
  a married woman had no separate legal identity from that of her husband . 
  she had no right to control her biological reproduction ( even conveying information about contraception , for example , was illegal ) , and no right to sue or be sued since she had no separate standing in court . 
  she had no right to own property in her own name or to pursue a career of her choice . 
  women could not vote , serve on juries , or hold public office . 
  according to the supreme court , they were not `` persons '' under the fourteenth amendment to the constitution , which guarantees equal protection under the law . _ i thought americans were white anglo protestants , til that they 're ottomans . 
  it 's not like women could vote in 1900 germany either , so you guys were ottomans too , sorry . 
   btw you been to izmir ? 
  city seemed quite liberal . 
  yes , why ? 
   as for the west , outright display of power is seen as dumb and only a insecure person would display it in a `` meathead '' way . 
  why does this sub legitly assume that western history starts at 1970 ? 
  even if you do n't count nazis as usual westerners ( and i do n't know why people assume this , most people in europe supported them more than they did the soviets or anglo allies until defeat seemed inevitable in circa 1944 ) , display of power has quite a history in the west , especially habsburgs were globally renowned for it . 
   it 's posturing like call for peace while you further support either shia or sunni leaders agressivenes toward eachother , you are killing two birds with one stone ... 
  it 's not exclusively a tayyib/gulf states thing , united states , and to a lesser extent uk and france are also notorious for `` support either shia or sunni leaders agressivenes toward eachother , you are killing two birds with one stone ... ''  you get what i am saying habibi ? 
  you realize arabic is n't spoken here right ? 
  it was your country that had been occupied by another empire that spoke another language for centuries . 
  it was just a link with a meme . 
  i did n't link an article or a political view from that website , nor i did check it 's name . 
  i googled `` swedish guy meme '' and posted the first link here without checking if they were nazi or not . 
  not that i agree with the meme too , i just saw it being used too much on various social media platforms . 
   and to your question , i have to ask a counterquestion . 
  does supporting war make you a man ? 
  why ? 
  no but i gave it as an example that supporting a war ( or hard action ) and being an enlightened intellectual is not mutually exclusive . 
  max liebermann , max planck , wilhelm wien , emil von behring were far from ravaging alcoholic lumberjacks , but the did support the war . 
  not because they enjoyed the idea of killing or destroying , but rather because they thought protection of their own kin was more important than the global wellbeing . 
  that idea is seen as selfish today , but it 's what made the west prosperous . 
  which accent does [ thomas hickey ] ( https://youtu.be/vhikho8fxay ) speak with ? 
  why ? 
  lol why do you assume i support that `` certain president '' ? 
  i do n't know the context behind `` dailystormer '' , i just googled this meme . 
  i do n't think enlightened necessarily means pussy , did n't most german intellectuals support the world war i in 1914 ? 
  i agree that 's dumb , but patriarchy is a thing ingrained in the european culture too , although it 's not been the case for the last 50 years , old habits die hard . 
  and it 's also instinctual in men . 
  not to break the circle jerk , but most kkk members were descendants of rural puritan english settlers of early-mid 1600s , not finns arriving after wwii . 
  [ last people that were hanged for sodomy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_pratt_and_john_smith ) were back in 1835 though . 
  it 's said that death penalty was overused in england  sir samuel romilly , speaking to the house of commons on capital punishment in 1810 , declared that '' [ there is ] no country on the face of the earth in which there [ have ] been so many different offences according to law to be punished with death as in england . '', 
  the fact it remained as a punishable offense-just not mortally until the 60s was probably due to laws being more based on culture heritage back then as opposed to `` do whatever you want without harming anyone/anything '' attitude today . 
  politicians might have feared that , if traditional order of society was to be broken , it would have gradually evolved into a state of anarchy , revolt and mutinies . 
  they were not exactly wrong though , people in 2017 britain no longer attend the anglican church , have 11 kids before age 30 , work at factories for 80 hours a week for a slave wage , protect the colonial interests around the world by suppressing the savages and the fact that london is not even majority english anymore . 
  if you showed the situation in 2017 britain to 1917 house of lords , they 'd view it as a dystopia worse than the defeat by germans , and do everything they could to change the future .
