but the idf murdering palestinians is fine ? 
  no one said that . . 
  we like you too denmark . 
  you guys and the dutch are probably the most similar to us in europe . 
  huh til . 
  i always thought it was something that americans made up . 
   why because he 's a politician . 
  if he was anything else i 'd probably tell you he 's a great comedian . 
  also kind of ironic that he 's described as fascist and yet he 's the leader of the ` liberal democratic party ' . 
  i just read up on him ... jesus . 
  he 's worse than boris . 
  much worse . 
  i feel for you guys :(, 
  nice to know we 're not the only ones !, 
  here in the uk we get those summer nights , so they 'd still be there . 
  less than what you might have now though . 
  i 've never heard of that happening . 
  my best friend is spanish and is currently at uni , everyone seems to want to talk to her and she has n't had a single bad incident yet . 
  i do n't understand her . 
  they must have moved here because the economic situation is better than in italy ( or whichever country they came from ) , so why do they so want it to fail ? 
  post-brexit britain will still be in a better economic situation than italy . 
   but nobody thought the uk would fall into chaos after that vote were you here for the few days after the vote ? 
  it 's not because of promiscuous gay sex . 
  it 's because russians share needles , it 's related to their drug abuse problem . 
  the uk is a country you bumbling idiot . 
  your dreams of scotland and ni leaving are highly unrealistic , just like the rest of your posts . 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
  i 'll check it out , 
  i like the sub as long as it 's talking about anything but politics . . 
  so i 'm not liking it much right now . 
  it has become much more political as of late ( since last years general election i would say ) . 
  there also seems to be less people going there as a result . 
  such a shame . 
  i have no idea , i do not know how the ivf process works in france . 
  yeah i have , but not sure how a username on the internet is self-hate ... 
   what 's stopping you ? 
  ivf is banned for gay people in france . 
  so , the government is stopping them . 
  not sure how that says i can be homophobic to myself . 
  besides , one publication from a far-left blog ( ? ), 
  does n't make it real . 
  oh i just meant as in wherever you come from . 
  there are different accents after all . . 
  in that case maybe bulgaria . 
  brotherhood , freedom and liberty for all ! ^ * ^ * ^ unless ^ you 're ^ not ^ heterosexual, 
  but not all heterosexual married couples have children , whether out of choice or because they simply ca n't . 
  noone seems to have a problem with them . 
  so that definition does not fit . 
  no , i do n't actually . 
  not sure how i can be homophobic to myself . 
  do explain . 
  yes , my username is ironic because i 'm gay . 
  not sure what it has to do with your homophobia though . 
  you 're not fooling anyone here dressing your bigotry as ` impartiality ' . 
  not the person you commented to , but i 'm pretty sure it 's from rupaul 's drag race . 
  the uk is a nation . 
  consider scotland , england , wales and northern ireland our ` states ' , but the uk is the nation . 
  as for your comments on hating the uk - stop being so pathetic . 
  but hitler was n't british , while franco was spanish . . 
  your suggestion would be more correct if you had said cecil rhodes and we already have statues of him . 
  we also know that he was an asshole . 
  why ? 
  it 's the truth . 
  many remain voters are changing our minds or just simply accepting it . 
  well why would brexiters come to a sub that is very pro-eu if they voted leave ? 
  most brexiters probably do n't care about posting on this sub . 
  you 'll find them in / r/ukpolitics . 
  i am someone who voted remain and i was pretty angry about the result , but over time i ( and many others who voted remain ) have just come to accept it . 
  also after witnessing the bitterness that was upvoted in this sub since the referendum ( supporting the break-up of my country , making suggestions that refugees should be imported as punishment , comments like `` fuck england '' etc ) a very small and petty part of me is kinda glad we 're leaving . 
  maaaaybe you should actually read the article and understand that the title is misleading ? 
  all boris said was that we 'd help turkey . 
  absolutely nothing to do with their eu membership . 
  but nooo , ca n't let that get in the way of my ignorant comments !, 
  that 's not how politics work . 
  you ca n't remove our vote when we do n't even have a date for when article 50 will be triggered , if ever at all . 
   this is what you voted for . 
  actually i voted remain , because i like the eu . 
  but if the eu acted like how you 'd want , then i definitely would have voted leave . 
  thankfully the eu is n't delusional . 
  as long as we 're part of the eu it has something to do with us . 
  one of the most ridiculous things i 've ever read on here , and that 's saying something . 
  what a stupid comment . 
  it 's the coup thing . 
  it really shook a lot of people and their view of turkey , and of course all the news about it recently . 
  are you moving here for university ? 
  if so , have a great time !, 
  i would be very surprised if you come face-to-face with any hate or discrimination from students as most are very accepting , so i would n't worry about it . 
  salty . 
  so proud !, 
  we beat our 2012 tally too !, 
  it was an explosive device according to the [ city 's mayor . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36880758 ), 
  you 're right , which is why i said it has n't been as bad as i thought it would be - so far . 
  i would n't say i have second thoughts as someone who voted remain . 
  i do want us to stay in the eu . 
  however , the actual consequences of voting leave have n't been as bad as i thought it would be so far , which is nice . 
   and we apologise for accepting so many of your unemployed , letting them work over here and sending their wages home , paying child benefits for children in your countries . 
  i hope you know this goes both ways . 
  our country is known for its humidity . 
  my friend is spanish and she finds the heat insufferable on the hot days here .
