  part of that is also conservatives typically believe that charities can do more than the government with the money . 
  so i give enough money for it to be a tax write-off and it does n't really affect my income so to speak . 
  but more actual societal change has been done, 
  i think this is what people do n't understand . 
  democracy at its worst , is n't all that bad so long as you have checks in place to prevent extreme abuse of powers ( difficult to amend constitutions , high courts etc ) . 
  dictatorships inherent lack those limits on power . 
  democracy never has the highs the way an absolute monarchy ( dictatorship with fancy clothes ) can . 
  you ca n't have an augustus caesar , suleiman the magnificent or peter the great in a democracy . 
  but you also ca n't have an ivan the terrible , caligula or leopold the second . 
  that 's interesting to me . 
  i had n't realized that the idealized vision of america in italy had died out only so recently . 
  i knew that just after mussolini fell and before the government was fully reorganized , there was a movement in sicily to attempt to become a us state . 
   how do you solve this ? 
  easy , we kill the batman . 
  ftfy, 
  while i agree with you on terms of ideology , there is a thing defined by both convention and international law called a [ sovereign state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_state ) . 
  and in truth , the people are always sovereign if they are determined enough and enough are intent on a change . 
  no nation could suppress a determined uprising of 90 % of its population . 
  i think we have too greatly favored toleration and multiculturalism over assimilation . 
  most immigrants come to a country because what they left behind was bad enough for them to uproot their whole lives to get away from . 
  whether it was from war , economic depression or social climate . 
  and it was bad for a reason . 
  culture , ideology and religion are often the culprits when it comes to making an area an unpleasant place to live . 
  in the cold war , refugees from communist regimes did n't escape just to try to install a new communist regime in their new home . 
  people should n't give up their entire cultural identity ( unless it suits them ) . 
  learn the local language ( an make sure it 's your children 's primary language . 
  accept certain holidays that are important to the locals ( bastille day , thanksgiving etc ) and join in . 
  if all you do is create a microcosm of the shitty place you left behind , you 'll find yourself knee deep again before you know it . 
  sovereignty has to do with whether or not that level of government is the highest . 
  texas is not sovereign , the united states is . 
  texas ca n't conduct foreign policy , sign treaties , go to war , overrule the federal government on most issues . 
  similarly , if the eu member states decided to grant the eu final power of something , they lose some sovereignty . 
  the type of sovereignty you are speaking of is the sovereignty of the people . 
  the concept that the ultimate power resides with the people , the basic concept of democracy . 
  that would n't change under a federal europe . 
  but germany or france would n't be sovereign states under a federation . 
  if the eu was n't sovereign , it would be a confederation not a federation . 
  i think the issue is that few people in europe truly want a federal europe . 
  for it to actually work you would need strip nations of their sovereignty on a number of issues , making them not much different from us states ( which have more power than even people in the us realize ), 
  their peers are the other people who spew bullshit . 
  the only people who could hold them accountable is the customers ( who are too lazy to ) or the government ( which would make the media little more than propaganda ), 
  i agree with you that it 's probably a more correct term , but that 's how people think about it . 
  it 's kind of like how some people consider the americas to be one continent , while others consider it to be 2 continents . 
  and the `` south '' in the united states comprises several states on the eastern coast . 
  the `` midwest '' is , for the most part , east of the middle of the country . 
  it 's not a term based on geography . 
  i understand that some of the nations in what most people call `` eastern europe '' consider themselves `` central europe '' it 's really a case of you 're both right but you 're also both wrong . 
  for a lot of people eastern europe pretty much means anyone party to the warsaw pact . 
  everything is bigger in texas !, 
  ... including the waistlines, 
  for another americentric perspective . 
  texas is roughly twice germany 's area but has a third of germany 's population . 
  well both the saudis and russians are assholes . 
  saudi arabia is n't a military threat to poland though so from a strategic standpoint , it makes perfect sense . 
  it 's not like in the event of the shit hitting the fan russia will kindly keep sending oil to poland, 
  this week , saudi arabia is kind of an okay guy by comparison ? 
  there goes another head . 
  yes but it was n't the official us motto until then, 
  actually it 's just tradition to swear on the bible . 
  theodore roosevelt , franklin pierce and john quincy adams all did n't swear in on bibles ( roosevelt did n't use a book and the other two were sworn in on books of law ) . 
  `` i do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that i will faithfully execute the office of president of the united states , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the constitution of the united states . '' the oath itself also does not make `` in god we trust '' came about during the [ red scare ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_scare ) and yea our religious right is rather popular amongst uneducated rural people . 
  balancing the power of the majority with the rights of the minority is a major concern for any democracy , and is one of the weaker aspects of most unitary parliamentary systems . 
  if it does n't , then you get situations like the us south before the civil right movement , where the majority repressed the minority . 
  absolute majoritarianism is just mob rule with a fancy name . 
  europeans wanting africa 's resources ? 
  that 's never happened before . 
  this marshall plan wannabe sounds expensive though . 
  we should talk to belgium , i hear they have a more hands-off approach . 
  i 'm not really sure what the boom would be . 
  there will always be another bust but usually they come after bubbles , which i do n't really see us in . 
  stocks are n't ridiculously high , housing is n't ridiculously high , oil is pretty low , only a few ridiculous tech companies etc. 
  i think the economy is just chugging along right now . 
  the biggest issue i see is a bubble popping somewhere else and affecting us . 
  and as a side note , the biggest issue for the 2008 crash was that because so much of the crash was in housing most of the damage it did was to the middle class . 
  because the middle class tends to have most of their net-worth in their house . 
  and the aca majorly screwed over hourly-workers which makes the creation of new middle class people almost impossible . 
  i think the difference is that while they are similar , patriotism is inclusive to all who would call themselves american whereas nationalism is exclusive to those who are ` true americans ' . 
  an immigrant who wants the american dream and comes over and celebrates on the 4th of july would widely be considered patriotic . 
  like my friend 's dad growing up . 
  the man was almost obsessively patriotic . 
  he had come from one of the baltic countries and grew up under the soviets . 
  when he came to the states he was absolutely blown away . 
  the freedom , the choices , the opportunity !, 
  he would bust out flags and fireworks and burgers and just made every point to be so hilariously american that even most other patriotic people thought he was over the top . 
  that man was patriotic to the core . 
  but it would be hard to call him nationalistic . 
  he would have welcomed any other person who wanted to come over and be american . 
  now there are other people like trump for instance who i would call nationalistic . 
  they put limits on who would be american . 
  if they 're muslim or mexican then they ca n't be ` real americans ' . 
  they still might seem patriotic but that 's only to what their perfect idea is of an american . 
  it 's not used much and is more used in terms of politics . 
  you 're not likely to call your neighbor jingoistic but you might a politician that . 
  but it 's not really used outside of more educated circles . 
  most people probably do n't know what the word means . 
  some get offended by indian and some get offended by native american . 
  indian is offensive for pretty obvious reasons , it 's just wrong . 
  native american can be offensive because some of them do n't like associating themselves at all with america . 
  some do n't care about either and some do n't like either . 
  pretty much the only surefire way not to offend them is to refer to them by their tribe name .
