  they were put into place post ww2 because the allies wanted to denazify germany to prevent another war . 
  this was because so many people were nazis that it was the only way to rapidly transition germany into democracy . 
  these days i doubt neo-nazi groups have any real political clout in germany . 
  i 'll agree with you that it 's a difficult issue , this is one of those cases where i 'm not sure there necessarily is a true ` right answer ' . 
  i think this is very much a case of majority rule vs minority rights . 
  as far as i know , croatia is a functioning democracy . 
  and one of the hallmarks of a well-functioning democracy is minority rights . 
  so it sounds like people are being bigoted against people of serbian ethnicity who are citizens of croatia . 
  not providing signs in their language is essentially barring them from using public institutions . 
  on the other hand , the official language of croatia is croatian . 
  so there is an argument that it 's people 's duty as citizens to learn the language . 
  if people are tearing down the signs , that 's wrong . 
  if they are protesting the signs , fine . 
  if people want the signs gone they should work through the political process rather than resulting to vandalism . 
  it 's not as if the citizens of vukovar are n't represented by their parliament . 
  there are legitimate ways to oppose this . 
  what do you mean by is it off limits ? 
  the government , employers , stores , businesses etc should n't be allowed to discriminate based on race , religion , sexual orientation , political views etc if that 's your question . 
  on the other hand , people should be allowed to say bigoted things because freedom of speech is important . 
  there are always things that are limited . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_free_speech_exceptions#false_statements_of_fact ) is the list of forms of speech limited in the usa . 
  but you 'll notice what is n't listed , ideas . 
  banning ideas from speech does n't help democracy . 
  if an idea ca n't be argued against , it ca n't be refuted . 
  how can we come to the conclusion that racism is bad if nobody can say racist things ? 
  if we ca n't come to refute it on our own we are just buying into the propaganda shoved down our throats by the government . 
  banning ideas from discussion is essentially creating a thought crime . 
  of course , just declare them off limits !, 
  it works all the time . 
  just like china has declared this silly little thing called ` democracy ' or some such off limits . 
  like how russia has decided that this ridiculous concept called ` gay rights ' off limits . 
  like how the nazis burned all those terrible books with bad ideas in them . 
  they could be used to make us weak !, 
  you know what would be even better we could ban dissent !, 
  since we know the government is right and just , anyone who opposes is obviously evil and wrong . 
  * / s if that was n't abundantly clear . 
  in the us this is how those things work . 
  slander and libel have to be intentional , knowing and meaning to cause people to believe that false statement . 
  if i wrote a piece saying obama was in australia fucking kangaroos last night with the serious intent to cause people to believe that despite knowing well he was in wales shagging sheep last night , that would be libel . 
  if i wrote it as a joke it 's parody . 
  and if i say he 's actually a pastafarian and honestly believe that ( which is extremely difficult to disprove ) that 's not slander . 
  the burden of proof is on the person attempting to prove libel or slander and it is extremely hard to get a conviction . 
  harassment has to be repeated . 
  if i follow granny silversmith around asking how she faked the moon landings , that 's harassment . 
  if i ask her every day , or constantly barrage the comment sections of her cat pictures that can be considered harassment . 
  if i just ask her the one time it 's not harassment . 
  hate speech in the us is probably on the level of libel or slander in difficulty to prove . 
  i can say that we need to kill all of the people who talk like * everything is a quuueeessstion ? 
  * unless i 'm actually planning on whipping up a mob to go assault the local starbucks , i ca n't be charged with it . 
  otherwise you 're essentially censoring people 's political views regardless of how reprehensible or bigoted they might be . 
  on the bright side , turkey has solved the world energy crisis by harnessing the power of his spinning corpse !, 
  i believe he 's referring to multiculturalism, 
  i think this was an example of putting the cart before the horse . 
  bundy was already mentally ill . 
  the extreme use was a symptom of his mental illness rather than the cause . 
  i think this was an example of putting the cart before the horse . 
  bundy was already mentally ill . 
  the extreme use was a symptom of his mental illness rather than the cause . 
  [ i just do n't see the resemblence ] ( http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/styles/v2_article_large/public/2015/07/18/dog-bounty-hunter.jpeg ), 
  from an american perspective , i 'm really not sure how such a superstate could work . 
  the united states has issues that individual european nations have n't had in part because we are so diverse . 
  and the vast majority of us speak the same language . 
  i 'm not sure the us could survive if people in new york city and los angeles spoke different languages . 
  will there be an enforced ` supernational language ' that all schoolchildren have to be taught in addition to their native languages ? 
  if so , which language ? 
  then you have the concept of identity . 
  there are a myriad of different european identities . 
  some european nations already seem to be coming apart at the seams . 
  most americans identify as american first and foremost . 
  despite all the problems that come with it , there is a certain ` america is the greatest country on earth , no matter how much evidence to the contrary ' mentality that helps keep people happy with being american . 
  where is this european identity going to come from ? 
  a random constructed identity is likely to fail . 
  the united states nearly fell apart several times in it 's early days because most people identified with their states more than their nation . 
  it took a civil war that killed over 600,000 people and decades of effort after to hammer out the american identity . 
  where is this identity going to come from that is so strong it makes individual nations stay within the union regardless of the good times or bad . 
  when a policy damages their economy at the expense of the greater good ? 
  in a european superstate , what happens when someone inevitably tries to secede ? 
  is there going to be a european army forcing a nation to stay in ? 
  or is the superstate going to lose any kind of real sovereignty and just let nations come and go as they please ? 
  there is no language or identity that really binds europe together . 
  every talk about fiscal policy , open borders , common currency or any other common policy is pissing in the wind . 
  do n't forget batu khan . 
  that guy caused all sorts of shit when y' all let him in . 
  it 's a good thing europe has socialized medicine . 
  he 'd be broke if he was burned that bad in the us . 
  it 's kind of like saying canada is n't as big as russia and thinking that means canada is a small country . 
  overpopulation is n't directly related to population density . 
  if i put a million people on antarctica , it would n't be very densely populated . 
  it would still be overpopulated since there is no way a million people could survive there . 
  on the other hand , the united states has so much good farmland it could easily support double it 's population . 
  that 's not even taking economics into consideration . 
  syria , iraq and afghanistan have no opportunity and so have an excess of workers and nothing for them to really do . 
  it 's honestly a gross oversimplification to say overpopulation is the ` root cause ' of all the problems in the middle east and africa . 
  it just makes problems that already exist worse . 
  well in the us at least if you donate above a certain amount a year you can write-off that money from your taxes . 
  that seems like a perfectly good incentive to me . 
  because those government have their shit together just enough to keep the show running . 
  china makes sure they import enough food and ensure that the economy is growing . 
  india ... well to be honest i think the main thing is that india is actually a functioning democracy . 
  people typically feel better about living in horrible poverty as long as they do n't also feel oppressed .
