it 's like how my cousins always got taken out on their dad 's boat as kids . 
  they love boats . 
  they know how to work on them , take care of them , drive them ( sail them ? ), 
  i never really got taken out on a boat as a kid . 
  it 's fun but it is n't worth owning a boat for me . 
  same way with guns . 
  i was raised in a family that hunts so guns are sort of ubiquitous for me . 
  not owning a gun would be like not owning a computer . 
  i do n't know why but i sincerely enjoy the fact that the us is literally a different color than the entire rest of the world . 
  that color would n't have even been necessary if it were n't us . 
  i can totally understand why , unless sweden felt it 's existence was threatened , they would n't want to join nato . 
  nato is basically the `` we mostly listen the the usa in foreign policy '' club, 
  i doubt the refugees would even accept . 
  at least some of them plan to go back ( not that many actually will ) and that would be much more difficult from the united states . 
  for the rest , why would they want to come here ? 
  the middle east has a much more negative opinion of the us than it does europe ( with reason ) . 
  and the us does n't have the sorts of benefits and social safety nets that even the poorer countries in europe do . 
  and the refugees are leaving those countries to go to the countries that do have the good benefits . 
  or you can look at it that only 23 % of voters would accept more than 3k refugees . 
  the problem is that they have thrown those words around so much they have lost all meaning . 
  if you label everything racists , then nothing is racist . 
  no alliance is purely defensive , anyone who thinks that obviously has n't read much history involving ` defensive alliances . ', 
  the same question could be asked of russia as well though . 
   the question , as i understood it , was `` can the * russia * be aggressive under some circumstances ? '', 
  the short answer is yes . 
  the longer answer may be along the lines of `` yes , when it suits them '' or `` yes , when they have to satisfy the public demand '' . 
  even the us had sectarian violence just last century . 
  the kkk hated catholics almost as much as they hated blacks in the pre-ww2 klan, 
  not just that but people forget that wild animals do n't have this wonderful cushy life . 
  i 've hunted deer my whole life and i 've seen animals so starved they could barely stand . 
  deer that had obviously been attacked by a predator and gotten away but contracted a massive infection . 
  and a deer with a severely broken leg that could barely walk . 
  and almost every prey animal will at some point be dragged to the ground and either suffocate to death or die from blood loss while being eaten alive . 
  if they live long enough , their teeth will wear down and they will starve to death . 
  people who do n't spend much time outside cities and towns have romanticized wild animals to a ridiculous degree . 
  people hunting animals is n't some special thing that we cruelly do to the natural world . 
  humans are an omnivorous species that has evolved with hunting and eating meat as a part of its diet . 
  as long as we do n't destroy the environment in the process , there is n't anything wrong with hunting . 
  people really do n't get this . 
  pigs are smarter than dogs . 
  yet most people would freak if a mass dog farm opened up , but do n't bat an eye at a pig farm . 
  they 'd use the argument that dogs are social creatures etc. 
  but what it really boils down to is emotion . 
  dogs are pets to most people where pigs are food to most people . 
  it 's honestly the same with whaling . 
  i ca n't say whether some species could be sustainably harvested , i do n't understand marine ecology well enough for that , but the argument that they are too smart/social to kill is just an appeal to emotion which is inappropriate to use as an argument against a fishery ( whalery ? 
  no different . 
  the question asked how americans perceived the eu . 
  i do n't believe in american exceptionalism personally but it 's a commonly held belief . 
  most americans do n't prescribe it any real importance and just see europe as a collection of countries without much connections . 
  for those who understand it basically think it 's a good idea , but horribly implemented . 
  first you seem to let anyone in ( other than turkey ) . 
  the united states would n't enter a currency union with mexico ( and they seem to be more responsible than some euro members ) . 
  then there is the eu members who are somewhat well managed , but very poor and people are surprised when a lot of immigrants come to germany/uk/france for a better life . 
  second it seems extremely impotent . 
  it reminds me of america under the [ articles of confederation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/articles_of_confederation ) . 
  the eu member states seem to want to have all the benefits of being a single nation without giving up the sovereignty necessary to manage the level of integration . 
  additionally there does n't seem to be any sort of unified military structure , even for defensive conflicts . 
  europe seems to think america should step in to defend it if anything actually happens without europe having to contribute much in the way of men and material . 
  finally , it 's very arrogant . 
  despite the myriad economic and social issues , the eu seems to think it 's the promised land . 
  it seems to look down on the rest of the world for simply not being europe . 
  this has always irritated me about the us selective service ( we have to sign up for the draft in case conscription is ever reinstated during war time ) as well . 
  the logic normally spouted is that most young women would n't be able to pass the tests necessary to become soldiers but considering the obesity epidemic in this country that probably goes for young men too . 
  even if the women drafted ca n't become full soldiers , they can still fulfill staff roles or work on projects related to wartime efforts . 
  and for the most part it 's just the principle of it . 
  why should i be on the list when another person is n't simply because of a different chromosome ? 
  ` murica, 
  yea paris is not what people think it is . 
  i 'm sure it 's a perfectly nice place to live but the stereotype of it being the most beautiful city in the world is most certainly false . 
  the monuments are interspersed with the views of any other city . 
  the eiffel tower is ugly up close . 
  the people are n't rude if you do n't act like an oblivious tourist . 
  in mexico , they had a group of joint us/mexico trained special forces defect to a drug cartel . 
  they then defected from the drug cartel and created a new cartel called los zetas . 
  this is why i 'm wary about arming whatever group we come across to topple a stable , if not pleasant , government . 
  we essentially created the taliban during the soviet invasion of afghanistan . 
  while the idea of spreading democracy is nice , toppling governments willy-nilly is not the way to go about it . 
  yes but you said `` when they started '' so i assumed you meant when the us was founded . 
  and i love the french anthem . 
  it fits so well with the original french revolution and does n't shy away from the sheer violence of war . 
  probably , but the founding fathers really believed in the separation of church and state . 
  `` under god '' was n't even added to the pledge of allegiance until the cold war to show our difference from those ` godless communists ', 
  i think a lot of people would n't like that because it 's a very religious song, 
  i live in houston . 
  in downtown , some of the buildings have skywalks and tunnels connecting them so that people do n't have to get out of the air conditioning . 
  i live in texas and my ac went out for a few days , sorry guys i keep my ac at 75 but 90 degrees in the house is not ok to me . 
  sometimes you also have to run the ac at a lower temp just to remove the damned humidity . 
  remember folks , houston is about the same latitude as cairo . 
  i 'm assuming the cost of living is high in norway ? 
  or is it because of the taxes ? 
  seriously . 
  i 'm a christian and i do n't want the government to fund or give land to any religion . 
  additionally i would n't support giving a massive plot of land to a foreign government for anything but an embassy or a consulate, 
  you have n't been paying attention to our immigration crisis have you ? 
  one side thinks we should round everyone with ` mexican ' accent up and dump them across the border and then line it with machine guns . 
  the other side thinks we should build bridges across the rio grande complete with free hugs and green card dispensers . 
  i 'm actually against this opinion . 
  despite what some people want to believe , cultures can encourage criminal behavior . 
  inner-city blacks in the us are n't more likely to commit a crime because they are black , but because of the anti-police/establishment and pro-gang culture that is prevalent in those areas ( coupled with the pervasive poverty ) the residents are more likely to commit a crime .
