  it 's a clusterfuck honestly . 
  it 's like trying to lump russians , brits and spaniards all under the same banner . 
  uh , are there any other options ? 
  i 'm not into that tentacle shit . 
  temporary was what i had meant . 
  i did n't figure they had dismantled the schengen just that there were some stresses on it . 
  out of curiosity , how much has schengen deteriorated in practice ? 
  i have n't seen much about it lately . 
  too much red on their flags ... 
  i think this is something a lot of people on both sides of the pond do n't realize . 
  the usa has been encouraging , funding and pushing for european unity since after ww2 . 
  a strong eu is good for the united states because it lets us focus on other parts of the world . 
  if the eu had a military that could hand russia its ass on a silver platter that would just mean that the usa would n't need to worry about russia bothering europe . 
  wait are n't there people who are experts on this ... 
  call the dutch , tell them there is land to reclaim from the zee !, 
   exactly , the history of america helps people to identify themselves as americans , not californians or texans . 
  bad example . 
  texans have probably the strongest state identity in the entire us and will typically introduce themselves as texan in foreign countries rather than as americans . 
  california has a similar mentality to a lesser degree . 
  well my argument against that is marriage is most definitely not just a christian institution . 
  i 'm a christian who believes in the inherent sinfulness of homosexuality but , i also believe in separation of church and state . 
  it would be one thing if marriage was a unique religious ritual to christians but some form of marriage is in nearly every culture/religion around the world . 
  so marriage is n't just a christian institution if it was then it would be perfectly fine for gay people not getting married ( and also the government would have no business regulating it ) . 
  it 's an almost universal norm throughout human society . 
  so then it goes to what reason could the us government possibly have to prohibit homosexual marriage ? 
  if you think of it objectively there is n't really a good reason . 
  keeping it illegal wo n't make gay people decide to act straight and get married and have kids ( good for the government ) so there is no benefit . 
  and it does n't really hurt anyone , nobody 's rights are infringed by two gay people getting married ( so long as the federal government never tries to force religious institutions to accept it ) . 
  so there is n't a good reason to keep it illegal in a secular society . 
  despite what the slippery slope folks will tell you , this is n't an argument for other forms of marriage such as polygamy , child marriages , incestuos marriages ... since there are all genuine reasons why those should remain illegal . 
  it 's even more so with the us though . 
  part of it i think is our two-party systems basically amalgamates what would be several parties into two . 
  i read a study which basically said there were several major political groups that get mashed together into democrats and republicans . 
  so the democratic party is a mashup between the ` progressives ' ( who are more or less what a general left or center left party in europe would be ) and the more moderate democrats ( who would be center or center right in europe ) . 
  the republican party is an absolute clusterfuck of libertarian-esque , religious right , far-right and center right groups.the issue is our system of government has basically forced these groups into permanent coalitions . 
  so the religious right gets an undue amount of influence on the gop because the gop needs them to be motivated to vote . 
  the tea-party mucks up any attempts at bipartisanship ( aka nothing gets done ) when in a european system they would have went off and formed their own party . 
  the progressives and moderate democrats are constantly thrashing around and trying to come out on top in the democratic party . 
  and those of us in the center of american politics curl up in a fetal position , sing happy songs and imagine a day when we could vote for a party that does n't make our stomach turn . 
  only dreams of a glorious germanic state, 
  the democratic party ( as in the institution as a whole , not individuals within it ) acts mostly in the best interest of its large donors . 
  they do work on progressive issues on a purely social basis ( lgbt issues , abortion etc. ), 
  and say they are progressives when it comes to issues affecting business , but in reality are not . 
  the only industries or businesses that the democratic party is willing to act as ` progressives ' are the ones that do n't typically support democrats ( mostly oil and petrochemicals ) . 
  the support for sanders comes from the group who actually want the democrats to be real progressives and not just lip service it when convenient . 
  the gop on the other hand just does n't even pretend . 
  they espouse the idea that the best way to improve the middle and lower classes is to boost the standing of businesses by reducing regulation ( and theoretically reducing costs ) . 
  this is what 's typically called ` trickle down economics ' in the american system . 
  the idea that stronger businesses will employ more people with decent paying jobs and that market forces will do most of the regulations . 
  there is also a big culture war within the gop but it 's between the more libertarian faction ( i do n't give a shit what you do with your life just so long as you do n't infringe on my personal rights . ), 
  and the religious conservatives ( who believe that the united states is a christian nation and the government has vested interest in regulating a christian morality ) . 
  the party is more unified in terms of economics etc but less so on social issues . 
  i 'll agree with the statement that the gop does n't have quite as much dirty laundry just because their political beliefs do n't require them to hide things that the democrats would . 
  republicans colluding with businesses to make them bigger profits is kind of one of their major policy points . 
  also because the democrats have been in power for the last 7 years , their dirty laundry still smells . 
  edit : i forgot to mention , i hate them both . 
  of course . 
  there is always the root problem but that is a far , far more difficult problem to stamp out . 
  short of the west deciding to go full on spanish inquisition on the entire world , we really ca n't do much to defeat political islam . 
  i mean there are freaking neo-nazis in russia . 
  in russia !, 
  a country that hitler thought was full of subhumans that should either exterminated or turned into slaves . 
  and that 's not even an ideology that promises eternal paradise for following it . 
  no matter how nice the west is to the muslim world , no matter how much we do to help and never bomb them , no matter if we bend over backwards to accept migrants/refugees we will always face politcal islam and they will always vilify us . 
  the west is to political islam as the jews were to the nazi party . 
  the solution to political islam has to come from within the countries and communities themselves . 
  he was doing a survey and had to axe these people a few questions . 
  while it 's true that they will take credit for literally anything , the fact that they are inspiring these ` lone wolves ' as the american security agencies like to call them is just as problematic . 
  they are like a secondary infection . 
  isis is like the flu , you 're over it in a couple weeks and it makes you feel like utter crap but it 's comparatively easy to deal with . 
  all these random psychos who are inspired by their ideology though are like the nasty infection you get in your lungs . 
  it 's not as rough as the actual flu but it just keeps lingering long after the flu itself is over . 
  the west will be dealing with the echos of isis long after they 've been ground into dust . 
  i ca n't imagine why you would n't think it 's funny ? 
  it 's not like a far-right leader from austria has ever caused any problems . 
  could you imagine the problems with economic migrants in that scenario ? 
  that would be getting rid of your front door and setting up one of those bead curtains . 
  no kidding right . 
  if the eu had just said no to turkey ( because everyone knows they were never getting in ) they might still have britain . 
  not to mention that from a purely pragmatic standpoint torture is a net loss overall . 
  torture rarely leads to reliable information . 
  typically if someone would break under torture , they 'd break in other ways too . 
  some people will just never break or intentionally tell lies . 
  on the other hand , people will say literally anything to make it stop which usually means what they think the torturer wants to hear . 
  on top of that it causes a loss of face with the rest of the world . 
  hard to make a stand for liberty and justice when you 're torturing people in a basement and holding them without trial . 
  not really . 
  muslims are coming into germany with polygamous marriage and there is debate about whether or not those marriages are considered valid in germany . 
  you asked why people always deflected to gay people , which i answered . 
  then i explained the reasons why polygamy is more of an issue than gay marriage . 
  it 's a tactic started by the politicized christian opposition ( at least in the us ) . 
  the argument being that once you go beyond ` normal ' moral standards , there 's nothing stopping polygamy or marrying your dog !, 
  of course the counter argument is just that two consenting adults have a right to do what they please if it does n't hurt others in a secular society . 
  the issue i have with legal polygamy has more to do with the complexity of law necessary to allow a fringe behavior . 
  gay marriage was a simple removal of the requirement that a marriage must be between a man and a woman . 
  polygamy brings up massive issues with inheritance , parental rights , tax laws , consent ( as in do all the wives of a husband have to agree to a new wife or vice versa ) and divorce . 
  not to mention can two wives with the same husband ( or two husbands with the same wife ) marry each other and what the living hell does a divorce look like in that situation . 
  they used to consistently vote democrat . 
  republicans were the party of lincoln during the civil war . 
  stealing a horse is still technically a capital offence in texas .
