  criticize polish politicians , that are objectively inferior to belgian politicians , and nationalists like you start to cry . 
  again , do n't dish it if you ca n't take it . 
  are you serious ? 
  we cooperate a lot with western germany though so it 's kinda relevant to you guys as well . 
  example : http://startpuntgrensarbeid.benelux.int/nl/, 
  did i ? 
  i ca n't even remember but anyways , you 're small states population wise . 
   yeah , i started the insults . 
  i have literally stated the only adjectives i could connect van rompuy with , answering the question . 
  well , then you 're nothing less than ignorant . 
  i 'm glad that you 're proud of that . 
   doing more than a bare minimum is usually a good trait . 
  you might want to reread what i 've said . 
   european parties kinda are a thing . 
  and epp was the one that won . 
  the leader of the european council is n't selected based on the party card he/she holds , though it does play a role . 
  it 's more important when selecting the president of the european commission . 
   well , considering that since the last russian occuppation of our country ended , we were growing approximately as fast as china [ 1 ] the rest of the world must be in such a deep shitter , it 's hard to imagine for me . 
  it 's not that hard to grow when you are at the bottom of the barrel . 
  also , unlike other countries in the world , you get a lot of help from western european countries . 
  you 'll most likely never reach western european levels of development if your politicians and governance stays at such low , pathetic levels . 
   `` no , no , y-y-you started it ! '', 
  your ignorance is what triggered it all . 
   uhm , yeah , once in a while ? 
  actually lately i see tusk more often in foreign news than in polish ones . 
  selective bias . 
  it 's because he 's polish , he 's giving you a nationalist boner and that 's why you 're noticing it . 
  seeing how you defend him just because . 
  seriously , if you ca n't take it , do n't dish it . 
   glad you are not the one pulling the strings then . 
  i know . 
  nationalism  quality , am i right ? 
   there are many middle-level politicans who , while i would n't say they are known , would definitely fall into this category . 
  polish politicians , even those at the top are of poor quality . 
  your nationalism might blind you but it does n't blind other people . 
  this subreddit might have screwed your idea of how poland is viewed in western europe though . 
   you are also being disrespectful towards someone who also does what he 's meant to do , and on top of that says something to the media once in a while . 
  `` ugh , why ca n't he be more like van rompuy ? '', 
  is not being disrespectful . 
  you started the insults . 
  van rompuy did communicate with the media when ** necessary ** but preferred to focus on his job , not everyone is a media whore . 
  what this polish guy did was n't necessary at all and accomplished nothing . 
   if you are not living in usa , france ( or russia :d ) the most important people in the country also are n't directly elected . 
  still different . 
  they hold a party card and that political party has to win . 
   until this point i still was under an impression we are trying to have a discussion here . 
  what is this , kindergarten ? 
  it 's not even ad hominem , wow . 
  `` lolol , are you mad ? 
  '' , remember ? 
   i 'm far from being tusk 's party fan , and i do n't think i 'm ever going to vote for them ( i used to be full of faith in them in 2007 , but they never really delivered on their programme ) , but if that 's horribly then i guess most of other countries in europe are ruled utterly disastrous . 
  yeah no , poland is on the bottom of the barrel . 
  what an utter economic disappointment your country has been . 
   i have no idea what van rompuy did . 
  nobody knows . 
  i think i heard his name like twice , and i consider myself to be someone following politics rather extensively . 
  and i was talking about you , and as you clearly disagree with what tusk says i conclude that must be your opinion . 
  if that 's the case , i 'm really glad he 's making you angry . 
  so you 're under the impression that tusk is all over the news or in the media in other countries ? 
  guess what buddy , he is n't . 
  your media focuses on him because he 's polish just as i bet he was often in the media in flanders . 
  van rompuy often was in the news but to hear or read about it you need to watch/read quality news . 
  tusk is a dailymail ( polish version then ) kinda guy . 
   it was either tusk as a president , or sikorski as a foreign affairs high representative . 
  the less hawkish option was chosen . 
  the best option would 've been an non-pole . 
   oh , the preschool debate club again ? 
  some are known , some are n't . 
  not really , no current polish politician is known . 
   lolol , someone 's mad : ddd not mad at all . 
  you 're just being disrespectful towards someone who did what he was meant to do . 
   that 's precisely what 's being a politican is about . 
  if you are not seeking attention , you are doing it wrong . 
  he is n't directly elected by the people . 
  there 's no need to seek attention . 
  though , i understand that poles are n't familiar with good governance , professional and effective leadership . 
   van whatwashisname might have done everything in his job description correctly , sure , but if you want people to treat european union seriously , and not as a weak , powerless institution , you need to have recognizable people steering it . 
  and tusk is all that ? 
  are you kidding me ?!, 
  he is trying to `` lead '' the eu just as he lead poland , horribly that is . 
   sure , you would much prefer someone with a stance `` why wo n't we all just bend over to russia ? 
  who cares about the fucking war in europe they just started . '', 
  because that 's exactly what van rompuy did , right ? 
  i prefer someone that has experience and is n't traumatized by russia . 
  why the eurocrats chose a polish politician ( who are n't known for their professionalism ) is beyond me . 
  exactly . 
  a man that did his job as was required without constantly seeking credit for it . 
  a concept eastern europeans are n't familiar with judging by the comments here . 
  exactly . 
  not an attention seeking whore like tusk . 
  van rompuy did his job excellently without seeking credit for it in the media , nor did he say idiotic things like this inexperienced pole is doing . 
  cooperate in the sense of meeting once a year to exchange some ideas and such , i in no way meant that i want to assimilate both organizations . 
  well yes , that 's exactly my point . 
  the border between southern europe and northern europe runs right through belgium , the border between poor and rich runs right through belgium , the border between more socialist economic principles and more liberal economic principles runs right through belgium . 
  that border is the border between flanders and wallonia . 
  if you 'd like to see how a federalized eu would look like * today * , just look at belgium . 
  correct , thanks . 
  without a * federal * government , yes . 
  it was 541 days according to google . 
   completely ignores the image is older than the eeu .
