  at the end of the day , we decide and you guys adopt blindly what we decide . 
  are you still under the illusion that the swiss have some kind of moral code when it comes to business ? 
   median wage [ 1 ] . 
  adjusted for cost of living [ 2 ] . 
  you are in other words 45 % poorer than the swiss . 
  i 'd say surprising but it is a country with the lowest moral code possible when it comes to business so sure , good for them . 
   very egocentric views you have . 
  excuse me for looking out for my own interest . 
   can you give me an example of an agreement the swiss have broken ? 
  they have n't yet done it but i 'm expecting them to do so : the `` free movement of persons '' is what they 've de facto broken by insisting to renegotiate it whilst the eu clearly is n't interested . 
  i do n't care about splitting up switzerland , where did i say that ? 
  anecdotal : switzerland is rapidly losing its `` popularity '' among people in western europe . 
  i 'm not going to say that it is generally hated , but people are n't as positive about them as they used to be . 
   gaddafi do n't forget to be neutral , switzerland . 
  also , thanks for the personal attack . 
   the netherlands is n't poor in it self . 
  but in comparison to the swiss you are . 
  their wages are more than twice as high . 
  source ? 
  i 'd like to see the cost of living as well as i very much doubt the average swiss having a more comfortable life than the average dutch person . 
   norway is disliked by many eu politicians since we are very protectionistic , especially when it comes to agriculture and fishing . 
  regular people do n't really care about these things though . 
  norway can be frustrating at times , it 's not hated in general . 
   i honestly see now reason why people should hate switzerland . 
  i do . 
   i guess i could find something that would make me hate the netherlands if i wanted . 
  but i look at a country as a whole , and not small aspects of it . 
  i only look to aspects that are relevant to me , my country and the european union . 
  i do n't care whether a country builds schools in africa or south-east asia , that does n't affect my judgement of them at all . 
  what i care about is how countries treat international agreements they 've not only signed but ratified as well for example . 
  `` oh no , ... not switzerland '', 
  sure , that must be it . 
  / s is the netherlands poor ? 
  no , we are n't so there goes your theory . 
  is norway disliked ? 
  no and you guys are richer than the swiss . 
   well , not doing as you please on command does n't make switzerland untrustable . 
  switzerland is the most untrustable state in europe . 
  signing agreements with the eu , then holding a referendum about it years later ( because of xenophobic feelings ) and rejecting it . 
  switzerland is an untrustable partner when it comes to international agreements and the whole world has witnessed it . 
   this is the kind of reaction that keeps the right wing politicians in switzerland afloat . 
  well then there 's at least some swiss i agree with : your right wing politicians . 
  i 'd like to keep your country as far away from the eu as possible , there 's no point at signing agreements with you guys . 
  i 've no idea whether it 's an european thing but i certainly hate them , it 's the only country in europe i hate . 
  at least canada stands by the side of the united states so i see no reason why anyone would hate them . 
  they 're only neutral when it suits them . 
  there 's nothing that can come out of switzerland that would surprise me at this point . 
  let 's give them a piece of their own cake : kick them out of the eea , stop and check every vehicle and person that wants to enter the eu and impose high import taxes on everything they 're exporting . 
  all their goods that gets shipped per boat from asia via the eu has to be quarantined for a long time in an eu port . 
  that should do the trick . 
  is it german or is it pan-european ? 
  switzerland is a piece of shit country , i absolutely despise them !, 
  they are untrustable `` partners '' , they 've no problem whatsoever to ignore international agreements and they consistently hide behind their fake `` neutrality '' status . 
  i ca n't wait for the eu to finally put them in their place . 
  perhaps we could keep our borders open with belgium and they with luxembourg ( benelux ftw ! ), 
  but i 'd definitely close the german - dutch border !, 
  awesome !, 
  are they only going to broadcast it in flanders , denmark and germany at first ? 
  northern ? 
  the first northern state is finland , and they come 4th . 
  the baltic states perform the best , so in this case it 's eastern europe beating western europe . 
  poor western europe . 
  yes . 
  we need to close our borders with both germany and belgium , at least for a while . 
  all i 'm reading is excuses . 
  edit : i 'm only joking , 
  danish infrastructure is n't something to write home about either . 
  i 'd say the netherlands , france and sweden are the only countries with infrastructure one can expect from a first world country . 
   spain , germany , france and italy they 're considered large by themselves , as is sweden and its neighbors . 
  i 'm just pointing out how disillusion that is case of scandinavian states . 
  just pointing out how insignificant scandinavia actually is in terms of population . 
  sweden , denmark , finland and norway can unite into one state and you 'd still be smaller population wise than the netherlands and belgium combined . 
  we 're sitting next to belgium , sorry . 
  there 's an open seat next to austria , 
  tomorrow : `` tusk 's latvia remarks causes deep concerns among german leaders . '', 
  also known as the `` eu president '' . 
  the media and people in general have been referring to the president of the european council as such from the very start , this is n't something new . 
  but they 're huge countries population wise . 
  denmark and sweden * combined * have a smaller population than the netherlands alone . 
  you guys are small states . 
   but a majority of the 28 eu member states in the european council have now voted in favor of changing the rules to bar discrimination in internet access but allow the prioritization of some `` specialized '' services that required high quality internet access to function . 
  i 'm getting the impression that not our national parliaments but the eu parliament and commission are looking out for consumer interests . 
  you are n't doing anything except for turning circles and being `` concerned '' . 
  at this point , i 'd rather have the americans behind the steering wheel , than merkel and the germans . 
  germany 's place is , and has always been in the back of the bus . 
  flanders is a rich region with lots of jobs and a high quality of life . 
  ignore him . 
  he has no idea what poverty is and how hard individuals who through no fault of their own are hit . 
  i hope this nightmare will end soon for greece and the rest of the european family . 
  agreed . 
  the germans are too inexperienced and therefor have no idea what the hell they 're doing . 
  france and the uk should lead this , not germany . 
  thank you !, 
  where can i find reliable data of the productivity levels of european workers ? 
  ... and that includes freaking wallonia . 
   get your ~ ~ together ~ ~ ** army ** ready , netherlands . 
  let 's invade and annex flanders . 
  ftfy, 
  thanks for your explanation . 
  we 've still got some work to do , one day scandinavia , one day we 'll beat you .
