your comment is exactly why i included the words `` far going '' into my comment . 
  embassies are part of every sovereign state 's diplomacy , there is n't anything extraordinary about them . 
  ugh , are all / r/europe and reddit dutchies suck-ups towards others ? 
  we suck up towards the flemish , the danish , the germans , the brits , what the fuck is up with that ? 
  identity crisis , much ? 
  you know darn to well that we are not on the same page with the brits on almost every single topic . 
  no , we do not . 
  we generally disagree with the direction the eu is going but we are not against far going international cooperation . 
  we see the benelux as an alternative so in essence , we 'd rather transfer our national sovereignty towards them than towards the eu . 
  we recognize , unlike you brits , that international political cooperation is essential and in our interest . 
  the british people would rather isolate themselves in terms of politics . 
  turkey is like if the republican party in the us founded a country . 
  just say `` allah '' a couple of times , take pictures with babies and be patriotic and you 're pretty much guaranteed a seat in the turkish parliament in ankara . 
  also , do n't be a kurd . 
  if only brussels was exclusively part of francophone belgium , it is n't . 
  brussels is also part of dutch speaking belgium and god have mercy if another dutch person has to live under french rule like the poor people of nord-pas-de-calais . 
  yup . 
  so eu can not into us ? 
  fine then !, 
  they have no air force . 
   show of hands : how many of you think he is justified in his fear of ending up mired in the incarceration and binding capabilities of the us ( ranging from locking away german citizen kim dotcom 's money in new zealand to imprisoning and waterboarding foreign and us citizens in guantanamo and various secret cia facilities in allied states ) ? 
  i do but i also believe that that is * exactly * what he ( and snowden ) deserves . 
  there are several ways to obtain freedom from slavery , it does n't have to be separatism necessarily . 
  just stating the truth here : their hunger for power and self-control has resulted in haiti being one of the poorest states in the world . 
  france has many overseas territories , all are centuries ahead of haiti . 
  well , perhaps haiti should n't have become independent then from france ? 
  they 'd probably be one of the richest caribbean countries/autonomous region now if they did n't and haitians would be french citizens granting them extraordinary rights other independent sovereign caribbean citizens do not enjoy . 
  we could blame france or we could blame the separatists wanting a sovereign state , i chose the latter . 
  europe is basically the us 's protectorate . 
  god , we 're pathetic !, 
  americans , would you mind an extra 28 states ( eu ) joining your country ? 
   aggressive thank god for the americans and their realistic view of the world . 
  if europe , which is filled with people like you and your toxic ideology , were to be standing alone we 'd be crushed by india and china a decade ago . 
  realpolitik is what the world is doing , except for us . 
  no , belgian workers are more productive than us but the difference is small . 
  belgian workers are on average better educated * and * , here comes the gold , more productive than not only the spaniards , but almost all european countries . 
  volvo ghent did n't close , the swedes ( volvo trucks and volvo logistics ) and the chinese ( volvo cars ) are still investing in the ghent factories , they 're the only volvo factories outside of sweden in europe . 
  competition ? 
  i 'd like to see the west crush their pathetic development bank . 
  we do and it goes pretty far . 
  from mid 2017 the netherlands and belgium will alternately be responsible for monitoring the airspace of the benelux countries for example . 
  following the example of the benelux ( which still goes way farther than this ) as is often the case , glorious !, 
  why is that weird ? 
  it 's just expanding the system then as it their is non for the entire eu . 
  seems harsh but who cares ? 
  if they 'd join france they 'd be part of one of the most powerful states in europe and the world !, 
  `` koninkrijk nederland en republiek vlaanderen '' seems like the most perfect official title . 
  that 's just glorious !, 
  pretty much how we 're meant to look like if it were n't for the foreign invaders !, 
  what the hell are you talking about , the quote ? 
  it 's actually something both the dutch prime minister and the flemish prime minister often say . 
  thanks for calling me a liar , real mature !, 
  nothing but blunders from this guy , can we send him back to poland please ? 
  most hilarious thing i 've seen here for a long time !, 
  who else ? 
  georgia ? 
  stop being a lul , it 's a joke . 
  same in the us at some bus stops . 
  it 's just a pole that tells you where the bus stops , no schedule/app/website or anything that tells you when the bus arrives . 
  it will probably take a decade , assuming everything goes well , before they 'll be able to join . 
   the eu ca n't handle more poor countries . 
  we have enough work getting those we have up to western european standards . 
  agreed but this is n't a popular opinion here or within the eu . 
   it 's just not really their doing . 
  how condescending and ignorant can one be ? 
  so basically no small country in western europe had anything to do with their prosperity ? 
  denmark , sweden , netherlands whatever , we 're all just lucky , huh ? 
  for your information , belgium was the first industrialized country on the continent . 
  second in europe behind the uk . 
   nah , you are clearly a radical flemish-dutch nationalist uhu , i 'm a flemish nationalist even though i 'm not even flemish , makes sense !, 
   yes , i prefer `` media whores '' , who are also good at their jobs to simppy those who are good at their job . 
  tusk is performing a pathetic job by our standards but i guess that 's enough to be labelled as `` good '' by polish standards . 
   i appreciate the subtle insult at the very end , though i wo n't be arsed to have another of those 6 hours long `` western ? 
  central ? 
  northeastern ? 
  centraleastern ? 
  eastern ? '', 
  fruitless discussions . 
  poland is eastern europe . 
   they do n't have to , as they have you who will defend their honour in their stead . 
  i would n't bother either if i knew someone like that would come and do it for me . 
  i only care about the truth . 
  belgium is on every single aspect * superior * to poland . 
  you have n't really criticized belgium , but rather a politician of theirs so i wont go to much into that . 
   i would n't bother either if i knew someone like that would come and do it for me . 
  i 'd defend poland if someone from an inferior country attacked you guys . 
  though , i must admit that belgium , the dutch speaking side specifically , hold a special place in my heart . 
  it 's a patriotic thing rather than a nationalist thing . 
   i do n't really care about them either , though i make an exception when they are objectively better than their precedors . 
  yup , we 've different criteria . 
  you prefer media whores whilst i prefer people that are good at their jobs . 
  i guess it 's a western vs. eastern kinda thing . 
  really ? 
  benelux wants into nordic council !, 
  i want me some norwegian citizenship !, 
   i am perfectly aware that there are also a lot of pompous , vitriolic cunts like you in western europe , thank you . 
  cry me a river !, 
  i prefer not to talk to nationalists . 
  in that sense belgium is an easy target , is n't it ? 
  they do n't care what people say about them or , like you , about their politicians .
