nah , they were all ripped and super masculine . 
  i watched a [ documentary on that ] ( http://imgur.com/x2xyrr2 ) . 
  clearly , there used to be a time when blacksmiths were drowning in pussy . 
  oh , sure . 
  in a life or death situation , i would try to do what it takes to survive , but i would n't think that my situation absolves me of moral responsibility . 
  if i had to steal food to survive , i would still consider it theft . 
  if i had to cross a border illegally , i would still see it as a violation of other people 's rights . 
  when a group of people makes something for themselves , using it without their permission is imo fundamentally immoral . 
  i respect the right of other people to have property they do not want to share with me . 
  i would n't become an illegal immigrant for the exact same reason why i would n't enter a stranger 's home against their will . 
   immigrants coming to europe , like poles migrating to uk , are trying to make a better life for their families . 
  thats what matters . 
  that 's only one side of the coin . 
  the citizens of the uk have a right to decide who gets to enter their country . 
  their right , to decide what to do with the things that they own , matters too . 
  like quite a few other polish posters , i also believe that the uk will have the right to deport all poles , if the uk chooses to leave the eu . 
  as far as i know , `` negro '' is a neutral word in spanish , but imo that 's not how it 's used in modern english . 
  it 's like the word `` oriental '' - the classical definition may seem benign , but in 2015 these kinds of words sound old-fashioned and , in some situations , even offensive . 
  english speaking black people certainly do n't seem to like being called negroes . 
  actually , quite a few dictionaries consider it to be a potentially offensive word . 
  [ cambridge ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/negro ) [ oxford ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/negro ) [ merriam-webster ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/negro ), 
  does n't it make people think of slavery and jim crow ? 
  maybe `` insult '' is n't the right word here , but i do think that `` negro '' has a connotation with subjugation , and in modern english it 's sometimes used to disparage black people . 
  was that dutch word used as a neutral name for moors ? 
  that 's essentially what `` murzyn '' used to be centuries ago . 
  now it 's a general term for a black person . 
  it 's `` ewa kopacz chcesz murzyna , to go sobie w domu trzymaj '' , so it 's more like : `` ewa kopacz ( our pm ) , if you want ( to live with ) a black man , then keep him in your own home . '', 
  the word `` murzyn '' does n't have the same negative connotations `` negro '' has in english . 
  it 's somewhat outdated , but it 's not used as an insult . 
  they also have the host country 's permission to enter ... 
  wow !, 
  this story reinforced so many of my biases ... 
  i think that 's very unlikely to happen in the next 10-15 years , but i agree that we will probably recognize same-sex unions at some point . 
  in our constitution marriage is defined as a union between a woman and a man . 
  a 2/3 majority in the sejm and an absolute majority in the senate would be required to amend the constitution . 
  i simply ca n't imagine that happening in the foreseeable future . 
  according to a recent poll by cbos , only 14 % of poles support the idea of granting refugees permanent residence status . 
  being aware of this , and knowing that the right side of our political spectrum usually seems to be overrepresented in comment sections , i should n't have been surprised by the unfavorable reactions on onet.pl and elsewhere , but the fact that so many opinions are extremely negative is something i was n't expecting . 
  that decision is definitely going to hurt po , the ruling party , in the upcoming elections . 
  that 's not that bad . 
  definitely could have been [ worse . 
   pis seem to prefer the malaysian way of democracy another hyperbole . 
   if you do n't want to be a liberal democracy when i mentioned quasi-totalitarian hyperboles , i meant this sort of nonsense . 
   i regard it as an attack on the polish electorate it 's an issue of sovereignty . 
  any outside forces , that feel the need to tell us what to do , should be informed to mind their own business . 
  especially ze germans , who have a tendency to talk about pis using quasi-totalitarian hyperboles that ultimately backfire and makes neutral poles side with pis . 
  in my opinion , pis has done damage to our political system , but everything is under control . 
  we will deal with this on our own . 
   suddenly poland n russia bffs out of all possible national alliances pis could pursue , poland + russia is the least likely one . 
  you might as well say it 's plausible that obama makes the us switch to communism or that poland will join isis . 
  pis voters and party members are as anti-russian as you can be in polish mainstream politics . 
  not really . 
  most of the people who emigrated would have struggled to find work in poland . 
  we 've lost a lot of highly qualified doctors , but other than that the eu mainly got our unemployed and low-skilled workers . 
  i think there are only two choices here . 
  either a society does n't accept muslim immigrants , which will strengthen radical anti-immigrant attitudes , or is accepting them and that makes stuff like cologne , charlie hebdo or lee rigby 's story possible . 
  has any country managed to find a third option that avoided these negative consequences ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  in that case , the skinheads/hooligans seem like a lesser evil to me , because they are n't a significant threat to the natives . 
  sorry mr. chilean pianist , but i do n't care about your well-being as much as i care about my loved ones or my countrymen . 
  i think you meant 30 thousand per month . 
  check out table 1 : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/residence_permits_statistics edit : it seems the 2015 numbers were even higher : http://www.sejm.gov.pl/sejm7.nsf/interpelacjatresc.xsp?key=357e5d96 597.511 visas issued to ukrainians in the first eight months of 2015 . 
  that number contains 314.296 long-term visas . 
  based on the clearly visible tag , i 'm guessing she 's `` random stock photo woman # 842 '' and is supposed to symbolize the cover girl after she 's been saved by our supreme leader . 
  what ? 
  around 50000 ? 
  pretty much the same number as a decade or two ago ? 
  i think that 's about 50000 more than the amount an actual nazi would be comfortable with . 
  yeah , just look at all these death camps he built and the genocides he has committed . 
  totally a nazi . 
  having that ancestry should make a person become thoughtful about stereotyping others as people eager to support authoritarians . 
  it clearly does n't always work that way . 
  about that ` voting away liberties ' thing - do n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
  12 000 would be just the beginning . 
  every year more and more `` diversity '' would come and virtually every european country that chose this path ended up in the same place - ethnic ghettos , terror threats , increased crime rates , and expanding social spending . 
  i would rather be perceived as a narrow-minded hateful bigot than have to deal with any of that . 
  and what exactly is it that we could gain from kissing germany 's ass ? 
  i know a bunch of our politicians would get cozy jobs in brussels , like tusk , but what could the country gain ? 
  nice straw man you 've got there . 
   amount of steps that can be taken that qualify as being closer but not completely there is by nature finite if the number is finite , then how many steps are ahead of us ? 
  would we ever exhaust the pool of possible legal changes and reach a point where there is only one final change left ? 
  ok , i do n't think this conversation is going anywhere . 
  i 'm done . 
  0.1 , 0.11 , 0.111 , ... are the numbers in that sequence getting ever closer to 1 ? 
  will they ever reach it ? 
  what about these : 0.9 , 0.99 , 0.999 , ... no , getting ever closer to something does not imply you will reach it . 
  that the `` closer union '' bit does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  it has a context that defines limits of integration . 
  giving up sovereignty is not a logical conclusion at all . 
  the treaties are not about total unification . 
  `` desiring to deepen the solidarity between their peoples while respecting their history , their culture and their traditions '' does that one ring a bell ? 
   point of the eu is to be an ever closer union says who ? 
  imo the point of the eu is to be a politico-economic union that is beneficial to its member states . 
  i do not see how giving up sovereignty would count as an improvement . 
   the number of people immigrating to poland each year is minute and it should stay that way , if that 's what the majority of poles wants . 
  the eu should n't be able to force its immigration policy on us . 
   the brothers from charlie hedbo 's attack were french and charlize theron is african american . 
  yeah , sure . 
  yeah , i think so too . 
  i just wanted to make a joke .
