  the big three , the united states , china , and russia are the glaring exceptions . 
  the biggest problem with the icc is it just looks like a neocolonial institution . 
  all the former colonizers are part of it but only the weaker , former colonies have any cases . 
  which makes the whole thing look bias . 
  it also does n't help that the hague was chosen as its location . 
  a non imperial nation should have been picked , either brazil , argentina , or singapore would have been much less controversial decisions . 
  a ) my uk homies get it , got it , good on it . 
   b ) yah im serious , who the hell put you in charge of the `` who can be offended when '' club . 
  is that a new bureaucratic arm of the eu ? 
  lol , and this little swamp in europe is gon na put the us , the worlds largest economy and military and sole super power , in our place ? 
  when the dutch were in a position of power did you guys do good things ? 
  there is a reason indonesia flat out refused to join your little club the minute you guys proclaimed yourself 's the fair , tolerant , moral superiors . 
  i would not get on your moral high horse when there are still people alive today who remember the colonial atrocities you committed . 
  a former colonial power proclaims they are the ones who can put people on trial for crimes against humanity , go practice your thinly veiled neo-colonialism on the weak . 
  america has no time for this nonsense . 
  its very simple.america does not recognize dutch `` authority '' on the matter . 
  let them stick to warlords and defeated enemies , well even send cases their way to be tried so incompetently that people die before prosecution gets started . 
  but americans do n't like being subject to laws we did not create nor recognize , your tapping into our war for independence streak with stupid statements like , `` arrest american soldiers '' . 
  the first thing that pops into every american mind , `` who the fuck are the dutch to tell us what to do ! '' . 
  its that simple , do n't threaten our boys and we wont have a need to make the north sea larger . 
  well we think this idea that the dutch have a right to try us troops for anything that occurred 3,000 kilometers away from the dutch boarder is beyond retarded and any prosecute who tries to kidnap us personnel has already crossed several lines in the sand , barbed wire and extra large concrete wall . 
  by doing this we made sure the dutch know how seriously we take such things . 
  its very simple , the us , its policies , its actions , its troops and citizens are beyond the authority of the hague . 
  a ) it was a joke b ) not really our independence started with a vote too . 
  yes and when we beat the shit out random places in the world american law applies , not dutch law . 
  go ahead and try kidnapping some americans , been awhile since we invaded a white country . 
  might be fun to mix it up . 
  netherlands vs america is a rather one sided war . 
  we have a name for those in america , their called military actions . 
  worst case scenario we lose and leave your country in ashes . 
  best case , we overthrow your government and install one we like and leave only half your country in ashes . 
  besides from our perspective your basically kidnapping our boys . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  whose gon na back the hague when they realize that by allowing us troops to be tried they are infact inviting their own troops to be tried . 
  i doubt the french would want that considering all the kiddy fondling charges they got in c.a.r. 
  yah like independence , 
  in other new , water is wet . 
  well turkey and american aint no rosencrantz and guildenstern . 
  yet ... 
  yep , but most americans learned long ago . 
  when everyone is looking at you to make a decision , and either way you fall half the world is gon na hate you , you just stop giving a damn . 
  its damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  a good and fair point indeed . 
  yah , the dutch seemed alot nicer when they were n't being loud mouths i dont like these new dutch . 
  more peaceful ... no , more useful to us intrests ... id like to think so . 
   if i was leading things this world would get bloody ... for the greater good . 
   internationally recognized the united states , russia , china , and india , have not ratified as well as regional powers like turkey , saudi arabia , egypt , iran , israel , pakistan , and indonesia . 
  when all you have is 5 regional powers ( germany , france , uk , brazil , japan ) none of the 3 global powers and your missing the sole super power its a hard argument to say `` internationally recognized '' , maby `` internationally recognized by the weak '' is a more appropriate term . 
   icc has jurisdiction on less then 40 % of the worlds population , thats not internationally recognized . 
  the more erdogen pushes the greater the chance we will support a kurdish state with access to the mediterranean . 
  the guy is gearing up for one big turkish humiliation . 
   we consider ourselves the legal capital of the world thats some hubris from the dutch . 
  i thought the gule were more religious but preached a more tolerant islam , psudo-western islam and the akp were the less religious , more nationalistic . 
  but they tie nationalism to islam like the ottoman empire did and as such had a stricter form of islam cause it was old school . 
  thats fine if thats how it looked from turkey but i am always very skeptical when news agencies and organizations move faster and know more then the governments of the world . 
  if the us was involved i think you would have seen a more cohesive response then , `` uh i dont know '' . the government of turkey wants to paint america as the big bad enemy , but it makes no sense , politically the us gains nothing from a coup , erdogen may be a dick and the current trajectory of turkey becoming more fundamentalist is worrisome , but its not all the way there and a stable turkey means we can bomb the shit out of isis , and we like bombing the shit out of isis . 
  we have everything to lose and nothing to gain , why would we coup turkey ? 
  none of this adds up , but erdogen needs a escape goat and were apparently it and turkey is eating it up like its covered in sugar . 
  thats because no one found out about the coup till it was a failure . 
  lets be honest here everyone from washington to brussels was caught with their pants down . 
  if you asked obama the day befor the coup `` what are the chances of a turkish coup under your presidency '' im fairly sure he would say nill . 
  `` restoration of democracy '' requires democracy in the first place and saddam hussein was one of the most brutal dictators of our century . 
  ask a kurd how he feels about saddam . 
  i think he means the dersim rebellion and massacre . 
  which was a very brutal war and terrible point in turkish history . 
  although these things to tend to happen when an empire falls and a power vacuum is left . 
  regardless ataturk did his best to create a strong , secular , multi-ethnic , multi-religious , democratic turkey . 
  name me a founder of any nation with no faults or failures . 
  great men are not made up of just their success, 
  people can speculate about ulterior motives all they like but at the end of the day : the organization of eastern caribbean states , barbados , jamaica , and the governor-general of grenada , paul scoon , all requested us assistance in overthrowing the dictator and kicking out the cuban military . 
  your opinion is valid , we live in the now and the future is always a murky mess . 
  if you asked us policy makers in 1975 if chile would be the us 's staunchest ally in south america in 50 years they would have probably said no , we had just supported a coup and chilean economy was a hopeless basket case . 
  now us-chilean relations are better then ever , chile is full democracy , has a high hdi and is the first nation in south america to be part of the oecd . 
  it is now a highly developed economy . 
  i doubt there would have been such talk of chile 's position in 1973 during the coup . 
  no chilean would have shaken the hand of an american back then . 
  time is a strange thing ... 
  in 50 years bush jr might come out looking like a great policy maker and visionary for establishing two vital democracies in the middle east . 
  want to change the subject fine , we work with saudi arabia which is crazy but stable . 
  turkey however aspired to be something more , the first secular , democratic , stable muslim majority country , so i ask again , wtf happened . 
  where are all the kemalists ? 
  :| you dont watch the simpsons i take it . 
  [ south korea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_war ) , [ panama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_invasion_of_panama ) , [ haiti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_uphold_democracy ) , [ grenada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_grenada ) , [ honduras ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_golden_pheasant ) , [ dominican republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dominican_civil_war ) , too name a few . 
  even afghanistan and iraq can go on this list . 
  the nations of nato have put in place a democratic government in both countries it is weak and might not last , but we did give it the old college try . 
  who knows one of them might even work out and become a stable democracy . 
  the future of many of these countries post intervention was also uncertain . 
  if you guys had just stuck to ataturk 's awesome game plan we would n't be having a conversation between religious nutter gulenists and even more religious nutter erdogan akp 's . 
  america : you europeans sure are a contentious people . 
  europe : you just made an enemy for life !, 
  i hate to break it too you but nations are all perpetually indebted anyway . 
  ireland is currently 224 billion in debt . 
   and that 's why we 've basically legalized bribery :| ... what are you talking about ? 
  if you have proof of bribery then please , by all means share , but at this point no one from any well respected national or international voter counting organization has endorsed your claim . 
  history says otherwise as parties have risen and fallen , many times . 
  the whigs , the federalists , the democratic-republicans , the bull moose , the know nothings . 
  most americans do n't vote because of voter apathy but a third party wont fix that , the 2000 green party insurgency shows this . 
  they just dont show up to the polls even during extremely energized political elections like in 2008 . 
  research shows it has more to d with standard of living then `` no choice '' votes . 
  ie the more comfortable the population is , the less likely they are too show up at the polls .
