  also him asking states to voluntarily turn over voter roles to his commission is also not illegal . 
  just as it is not illegal for states to say `` fuck off '' and not turn shit over . 
  separation of power both vertically and horizontally my friend . 
  it makes for a very stable system . 
  i dont know about more efficient . 
  its definitely not cheaper then the chlorine bath system and at this point europe is well in the minority as over 120 countries from japan to chile use the more modern bath system . 
  its final step in post production to ensure no pathogens remain on the chicken carcass or grow on the chicken carcass while in transport . 
  it is , after all , a dead chicken . 
  the kind of thing mother nature loves to breakdown using single celled organisms , mold , and other just as bad rancid means . 
  its jersey , a group of rabies infested monkeys are better behaved then the locals from the shore to atlantic city . 
  i liked this show alot when i was in the uk , i was there for work so monday to friday i binge watched this show . 
  a little anecdote , i remember one episode where they had a statistic that `` african americans are more likely to go to prison then to college '' . 
  now of course that sounds awful , but i was shocked for another reason . 
  because this was an old episode and the bbc had just written an article saying the exact opposite the title was something like `` myth : that african americans or more likely to go to prison then to college '' . 
  now what was funny about the whole thing was both the show and article used the same stock photo , both from the bbc . 
  with the show about truth being told its a lie from the future ... and that is the most british story i will ever have . 
   otherwise we would be just a tool for american foreign policy . 
  well right now the eu just looks like a german foreign policy tool so its not much of an improvement . 
  im sorry did turkey invade and annex a country when i was not looking ? 
  until this occurs there is no moral equivalent . 
  im sorry , the eu might not like turkey , but turkey has yet to invade and annex a chunk of a country in my lifetime . 
  russia has done it too two countries now . 
  hey now , we cant be blamed for this : a ) ibm ! = usa b )  however , the swedish transport agency uploaded ibm 's entire database onto cloud servers , ibm cant protect against stupid ... 
  agreed , what people dont understand is democracy is not the unchecked tyranny of the majority . 
  against the minority , its the acceptable compromise within the confines of the law . 
  people ask what the tyranny of the majority is and the best example i ever heard : two wolves and a sheep voting on whats for dinner . 
  yah ... i dont like trump either but he has not worked outside the rule of law nor tried to stack the courts as is the case here . 
  calling him an autocrat rings hollow when compared to actual autocrats . 
  its money ... rich black people in chicago 's near south loop dont want anything to do with englwood . 
  rich white people dont want anything to do with rural whites . 
  rich indian people want nothing to do with guys working at 7/11 . 
  its become a rich poor divide . 
   might get an idea that in that country somewhere between china and new york thats nonsense ... everyone in america loves little america !, 
  in central , east and north africa , southern africa not really . 
  india was the leading signatory to the non-aligned movement . 
  russia and china were never truly aligned , ie why nixon going to china was a big deal . 
  this was why india could have friendly relations with the soviet union and still be against china . 
  with the dissolving of the soviet union 1990 , india has moved from a non-aligned to one that is more actively seeking good relations with the us-alliance . 
  especially to counter the chinese-pakistani alliance . 
  brazil and south africa are firmly us allies . 
  india is starting to lose its neutral position the more china pushes and russia remains silent . 
  i would not be surprised if us-indian cooperation goes further then military exercises and nuclear sharing . 
  us-japan-south korea , have been moving india closer towards its alliance then the china-north korea alliance . 
  especially with china and india never resolving the border issues from the 70 's war . 
   it 's high time france reduces its footprint abroad and let other powerful european nations do some work . 
  like who ? 
  the uk does n't care about francophone africa , germany is militarily insignificant , and italy economy means military cuts ? 
   it 's a political move to tell the people that we need to let go of this power and give up sovereignty . 
  what !, 
  ? ... i 'll get the popcorn , this is gon na be good . 
  here is a pew research on the subject : http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/06/support-for-nato-is-widespread-among-member-nations/ as polls show , europeans in general , are more reluctant to come to the aid of another nato ally . 
  when compared to the united states and canada . 
  if russia attacked a nato ally , 56 % of the us population is for the formal , unconditional , declaration of war with russia . 
  while 38 % of the german population , 40 % of the italian population , and 47 % of the french population share that sentiment . 
  whats more 58 % of the german population said they should not go to war if a nato ally were attacked.along with 51 % and 53 % of the italian and french population respectively . 
  most of it is for equipment and a loss of 850 million in a single year is huge . 
  a cut should not come so abruptly . 
  there is no time for the military to try to cost cut or budget properly for next year . 
  more then that its causing a lot it pissed off because of the manner in which it was done from the article :  but it is also his method . 
  when gen de villiers criticised the cut last week , it was at a meeting with deputies that was supposed to be off the record . 
  his words were leaked , through no fault of his own . 
  but the next day president macron publicly upbraided him for speaking out of turn . 
  and that felt like a humiliation . 
  yah but china has never had an election so ... 
  the oas nations and the america 's in general are very secure . 
  most us security concerns are farther afield . 
  europe , the middle east , and the south china sea are the big ones . 
  in the large relatively flat lands found in the me and ee tanks will be the decisive weapon for any assault . 
  they would of course be less useful but not totally useless in an island hopping campaign in the south china sea . 
  what are you talking about , california is 423,970 km \u00b2 , the bay area is the apex cost it does n't represent the the whole . 
  thats like saying `` france is expensive to live in because housing in the inner city paris cost 2m '' . 
  lol cause i went to paris and orl\u00e9ans and had the opposite exp . 
  if you get booted of the government science pay roll in the us , you are forced to take up a university position , god forbid i have to publish once every two years . 
  more then the accord itself the main opposition in the us is the 800 million or so we have to give to developing economies , ie give china more money for flooding the markets with artificially cheap solar panels . 
  im all for helping truly poor countries like chad skip coal and go right to solar . 
  im not okay with giving money to economic rivals like china . 
  i will pay more taxes to meet us paris green goals , not china 's . 
  there 's big difference between snowy sweden and countries in the middle east when it comes to water scarcity . 
  for instance saudi arabia is the largest country in the world with no rivers . 
  water is precious in the me, 
  hes not right ... but hes also not entirely wrong , although it could have been worded less asshat like . 
  demographics wise , ideally the average western european would be married and have kid 2-3 by 35 . 
  today the average age for marriage in western europe is 35 and birth defects rise dramatically after the age of 30 . 
  biology and the modern world are not mixing correctly in europe . 
  1 ) dont knock the knowledge of your forebears , rome was sacked when it was weak not when it was strong 2 ) lichtenstein stands between two powers who could easily obliterate it if they got in the way . 
  being lucky in geography is not a foreign policy . 
  3 ) who is the nostradamus who says no war will come in the next 2 decades , crisis are quicker then that . 
  ukraine lost crimea in hours , and lets be honest the eu had pants on its head level of not prepared and obliviousness to the situation . 
  that was n't the result of any of the 5 referendums held in pr . 
  [ 1967 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puerto_rican_status_referendum,_1967 ) [ 1993 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puerto_rican_status_referendum,_1993 ) [ 1998 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puerto_rican_status_referendum,_1998 ) [ 2012 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puerto_rican_status_referendum,_2012 ) [ 2017 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puerto_rican_status_referendum,_2017#previous_referendums ) where did you get these bogus numbers ? 
  but the puerto rico independence movement boycotted the vote . 
  pr is not an easily solvable issue the island is split almost in 1/3 between statehood , independence , and status quo . 
  besides the onus is on pr . 
  jenniffer gonz\u00e1lez , the pr nonvoting representative to congress must file the `` rite of statehood '' procedure to congress . 
  which has not been done . 
  then the euro is a failure because it will never be stable if this is the case . 
  for germany the euro is artificially low while for greece the euro is artificially high . 
  this is similar to the us where the dollar is artificially low for california and artificially high for mississippi . 
  its sustainable in the us because california subsides mississippi through the federal government . 
  without this mechanism germany will always benefit and greece will always suffer till eventually the greeks learn that enough is enough the euro is shit without reform .
