  im indian buddy and let me tell you if your grandfather had told you stories of watching grain shipments be loaded up and sent out under armed guard while you basically worked slave labor in bullet factory for an empire that destroyed much of your people and culture you would think the british were grade a bastards too . 
   hundreds of thousands try 4.3 million . 
  and this si only one famine india had multiple famines due to mercantile economics , as did the irish . 
  lets be honest the british were no friends of human rights by any means . 
   britain thought they should die , they died because britain was more interested in turning a profit than saving their lives . 
  `` sorry old chap im not exterminating you because i hate you im exterminating you because of mercantile economics '' ... yah reasoning is so much better . 
  and more humanely justified . 
  yes because intentional genocide for the sake of killing is so much better then intentional genocide with war aims ... yah my grandpa can forgive the british empire now . 
  im sure he cares that the grain needed to save half the country rotted away in greece for british offensive that never came . 
  soft under belly of europe caused starving belly in india ... 
  i 'm okay with that ... im american and i like to eat , i 'll die at 78 over 80 if it means i get to eat fried twinkies and all you can eat texas-de-brazil dinners . 
  read it once somewhere , did n't do active research on it . 
  i just know it 's the largest standing military in the world . 
  depends , build up germany military , station most of it in nato territory to the east and then do a dragoon ride or two in allied countries , show the flag , defend the border ect . 
  reports will write feel good article and i think you got the ground work for a rebrand . 
  do what we did , rebrand as `` arsenal of democracy '' . 
  a good pr campaign works wonders when the goals make sense . 
  i highly doubt the eu army would be larger then the chinese army at 2 % of gdp . 
  3.5 million people belong to the chinese military . 
  so your really going to argue the ussr provided more freedoms to its citizens then the us , guess if your family was from eastern europe it explains how your line survived the purging of the intellectual classes . 
  by any quantifiable standard living under the warsaw pact meant purges , propaganda survivial , living under a cult of personality , and should you rebel there would litterally tanks rolling down the street and over protestors . 
  us and japan do far more trade then japan and germany , and the us is the main protector of japan . 
  meanwhile the germany navy calls two tug boats and a river barge it 's `` fleet '' . 
  germany has almost no pull in southeast asia and even less in oceania , two places were us power is still overwhwlming . 
  it just gets suspiciously odd when one of the first ten comments in every thread about geopolitics on here calls for the `` downfall of america '' and `` the eu taking its place as the new super power '' . 
  at some point one of two conclusions must be made by americans , the eu is out to get us or this subreddit in an echo chamber for federalist hoping america will fall for europe to rise . 
  it 's off putting really . 
  if the ussr was allowed to support communist governments against our allies in vietnam , korea , columbia , panama ect then the united states had the same obligation to support capitalist governments . 
  one must not forget the tension and seige mentality that accompanied the cold war . 
  we are also not talking about the stable governments of europe , north america , oceania ect . 
  these are places which had huge narcotics problems , assassinations of politicians , major rebellions , and a host of social issues that made them unstable . 
  they were messy but the end game was always stable capitalist democratic governments were allied firmly with the us and stable single-party communist states were firmly allied with the ussr . 
  yes thats why people risked their lives crossing from west to east berlin and why south koreans try to get to the he glorious north . 
  there is a quantifiable difference the level of suffering caused . 
  do n't be allies with the ussr if your geographically close to the us and vice versa . 
  let 's not forget these were very different times . 
  with much higher stakes . 
  yep , you can be a capitalist dictatorship , a capitalist democracy , he 'll you could even be anarcho-capitalists . 
  you just have to let the market guide you or we will burn it all to the ground ... or if your strong enough well wait 60 years and watch as you burn yourself to the ground . 
  either way , do n't be communists, 
  u/angiemcd is officially invited to join us at r/murica . 
  your love of freedom against those that would squash it brings tears to our eyes . 
  by who ? 
  which one of you is going to argue the ussr and it 's satellites had more freedom then the us and it 's satellites . 
  who ? 
  after the cuban missle crisis , which was the closest we ever came to armageddon , the us made it very clear that no more communists would be allowed in the new world . 
  if the ussr kept arming rebels and latin america kept thinking it was okay to play both sides then why is it not okay for the us to do the same ? 
  if latin america would have stopped trying to have a communist shit show and building soviet sub pens and missle bases we would have stopped arming rebels and toppling communists . 
  it litterally states no military government was established in france ... and if there was to be one it would have been under allied military command , not the united states , a command which included the free french forces so your point proves my point that you . 
  no , your well thought of allies but it must be pointed out that the baltic is really difficult land to defend and russia has the largest tank battalion sitting right across the border and a huge rear guard in kalinigrad , one can not ignore the facts in a war with russia the nato war games have made it clear russia would take the baltic in 72 hours and nato would have to counter attack . 
  it 's not as if commercial industry is easily converted to military industry , germany would have to crash course it . 
  defunding welfare in order to upgrade a grossly underfunded military would be needed in such a scenario . 
  the german military currently does n't have parts to keep its planes flying , it brings brooms to war games because they lack machine guns , and has to share it 's tank battalions with the netherlands in order to stay in budget . 
  one can not ignore these facts in such a case and this must be stressed upon . 
  the german economy is the largest in europe , it has the largest population and much to loss from a militarily active russia . 
  it would have very quickly become the backbone of european defense and as it currently stands it 's more of a tail bone . 
  a strain would be placed simply out of nessessity . 
  it does not surprise anyone that after the last us tank battalion left europe the russians bum rushed crimea the very next month . 
  i am not saying americans are saints we are humans and humans kinda suck . 
  but accusing us of walking away richer from 2 wars that europe started with itself is n't fair either.sorry we were n't outraged at the killing of an archduke or the invasion of poland . 
  but this was a different time , if the us had to invade every time one european power invaded another we would be sending a task force every year and twice a year if the russians had a mild winter . 
  you cant blame us for staying out of your wars for as long as we could.nor trading with other nations . 
  besides canada also got richer , why dont you go blame them for it . 
  we dealt with them , a coca cola factory , a car factory , and a oil plant were built with american capital but it was in the intervening years between the weimer republic and the reich some built during both so its merky . 
  no more so then the british empire or french republic really , everyone waited to see what the new reich would rule like . 
  like the others the relations worsened greatly after the sudetenland crisis, 
  you are going off on every tangent but have yet to acknowledge my point which i was refuting ,  the us did n't even want to acknowledge the government of exile and wanted to rule france as a conquered territory after the war . 
  this is a pure rewrite of history with many americans dying on french soil only to be accused of trying to take france , utter trash . 
  if you wish to upvote this drivel just to sooth some french ego then so be it but dont expect me to not call them out on it . 
  your going need some very convincing proof . 
  now on to your points . 
  we pressured panama into a war after the assassination of the democratically elected leader was assassinated and noriega took dictatorial power , yah im a okay with that . 
  panama position means its importance to us is almost absolute , it would be like europe being unable to use suez times 2 since it literally connects most shipping in the america 's . 
  point 2 : what does military spending and us bases have to do with being against colonialism ? 
  the point of all that military is too maintain order and in a unipolor world that has brought an unparalleled peace . 
  you also forget we may have to deal with scummy governments but we prefer to deal with capitalist , democratic ones . 
  those are the ones we share weapons and intelligence with , offer outword protection for , and have become our closest allies . 
  say what you will about our relations with saudi arabia but that is a necessity , we dont hand them thaad systems , banking agreements , and intel access like we do south korea , japan , australia , india , the nato allies and a whole host of nations in that vein . 
  i have yet to hear of the time we over threw the capitalist democracy for an autocrat . 
  we dont set up british rajs for 200 years but we do enforce the rules of the post colonial order . 
  point 3 : the unnecessary jab at my intelligence aside , because for some reason you think americans are stupid is your own ignorance and ill let you figure out that problem . 
  but as i said there was nothing stopping us from going soviet on you other then the fact that were not soviets but american 's and thats not what we do.if you would ask eastern europe im sure you would realize that going anything other then your super powers ideology would have meant a great deal of death . 
  do not make the mistake of thinking living under the soviets was the same as living under our umbrella , what the eastern europeans had to go through was incomparable . 
  we may have hurt communists in italy but never was there a hungarian uprising either . 
  and as you have pointed out we always had a bigger military then the soviets such crushing a bunch of anarchist , socialist and marxists would n't have even cost us a gdp percentage point . 
  regardless thats not what we do and thats the point , dont accuss of annexing france when many american 's died to free france , thats just plain disrespectful . 
  point 4 : what ? 
  it was the us southern zone and british western zone that unified in 1947 into the [ bizone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bizone ) it was not until 1948 that france relented and allowed its ocupies zone to join into a single west germany . 
  point 5 : once again the british were just as exhausted from the war as france was . 
  what british say ?!, 
  even at yalta churchill disparagingly joked that it was really the big 2.5 as by then the us and russia were clearly the ones making post war plans , the british were still hoping beyond hope to keep the empire intact . 
  by 1944 it was clear to everyone there were two super powers and the british were not one of them . 
  besides you once again have to provide proof we even tried , we can for instance prove the british tried to keep the old order intact with things like the [ percentages agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/percentages_agreement ) . 
  you must provide proof the us was out to take france , not accusation which have no basis in reality . 
  point 5 : your blaming us for taking scientists that did not want to live impoverished lives unable to work in labs that no longer existed ? 
  for taking art whose entire lines of ownership were dead from war and genocide ? 
  for taking in refugees ? 
  for exporting weapons to our allies ? 
  come now what would you have us do . 
  europe started the worst 2 military conflicts in history so intertwined they may as well be one war with armistice in the middle and you blame us for not jumping into your conflict .
