  ahh , well this is about demographics then , reddit tends to be american , younger , left leaning . 
  young americans are intrigued by the idea of democratic socialism and bernie is the candidate for that . 
  now this is not all young americans , im a young american , and i dont want democratic socialism , but it is an attractive alternative to american entrepreneurial-capitalism . 
  social media snowballs things and sanders is one of those things . 
  this of course does n't mean its all encompassing , young americans tend to not vote and tend to be loud so well so come poll time . 
  the second thing is that we are still far from the us election , a year and 3 months , so fringe candidates tend to shine as they are not electable by the majority of americans and can play to the fringes of the party and base supporters . 
  thus trump and bernie hype . 
  for example , at this time during the last presidential election , herman cain was leading the polls in the republican primary . 
  before that in 2008 , obama still had n't announced his candidacy yet , he did so in february 2007 , a year before the election . 
  so its still an open field . 
  bernie is far from the norm and it can be seen in alot of ways , for instance during the presidential debate when cooper asked if bernie is a capitalist bernie basically said no . 
  thats not going to fly in america , you can criticize capitalism and talk about its failings but to say your not a capitalist and then go and have your honeymoon in the soviet union , yah kiss your presidential campaign goodbye . 
  the best he can do is push hilary to the left , hes to unelectable to win . 
  also by `` fallout '' i mean repercussions of him becoming president not nuclear fallout , its a colloquial term in the us , might have been lost in translation . 
  considering the only people who matters in this case are american voters ... whats the point of even asking europeans ? 
  if americans are rational or irrational when it comes to bernie it matters little , their the only ones who can vote . 
  everyone else just has to deal with the fallout . 
  i say we put in more american bases in europe !, 
  come on fight me , my coffee was hot and my patriotism is surging !, 
  this just sounds like you had to much of a stick up your ass and not enough time playing games and having fun . 
  if you cant find the fun in a game of beer pong or flippy cup then you need to lighten up man . 
  this is the modern era , if we can compare froofy things like happiness index 's and quality of life by country , we can accurately do things like quality of a university education . 
  no offense , but you come off as kinda an asshole in your story . 
  f-35s for sale !!!!, 
  in no place in the agreement does it say america can just take the water , please provide a source for this outlandish accusation . 
  you are coming at this from an ideological angle . 
  if its greater independence from the us that you are after so be it , but to veil this with accusations of protectionism by the us is absurd its a free trade agreement , once the ink has dried you might have a leg to stand , but that will take many years as america is still focused on tpp and the pacific rim nations . 
  kinder eggs were not banned in the united states out of protectionism , the ban on small objects in candies has been in place in the us since 1938 . 
  long before the kinder egg ,1974 , even existed . 
  they were deemed a chocking hazard for small children who may eat the whole chocolate unknowingly . 
  but , with the ttip you could change us regulations to allow their export and open up a new market . 
  thanks for giving my point a good example . 
  also nafta has been one of the most successful free trade agreements in history , all three nations of nafta have had a raising of standards through the agreement and no one is out steal water , canada can sell its water on the open market since it has a large amount of water and no people . 
  canada has been selling raw materials to the us for 200 years . 
  the largest export of canadian goods is raw materials . 
  why do you find it a bad thing to be able to sell these on the market . 
  us , canada , mexico relations have always been an unequal relationship simply due to basic levels of income , population , capacity , ect . 
  nothing will change that , 35 million people can not out compete 320 million . 
  but , the ability for those 35 million to work together with the larger group to the south have created enormous opportunities for canada . 
  if us/canada relations is your example of a bad relationship then i have no idea what you would call a good relationship . 
  there is an enormous opportunity being presented here dont look just for the ills look at the possibilities !, 
  for what america could sell to europe , just off the top of my head . 
  cheaper apple products , cpus ( intel and amd ) , gpus ( ati and nvidia ) , caterpillar heavy equipment , ect ect america does n't make many consumer goods , most of americas manufacturing is done in capital goods . 
  you dont see american products on the street you see them in factories . 
  like wise europe could sell more goods to the us . 
  with lower barriers of trade renault and puegeot may find it in their interests to design larger cars for an american market . 
  there also many other places european products could begin entering the us market . 
  economists agree free trade is a good thing and now that america has concluded the ttp . 
  it is now in europe 's interest to conclude the ttip . 
  as gaining access to us markets also means access to the pacific rim . 
  sorry had to google him , ahhh yes this fellow , i like him ... well take him too . 
  thanks . 
  arnolds american now ... [ we borged him ] ( http://www.midnightreview.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/8cc619504668a9246600b5653a2fb6b291396bc1.jpg ) , 
  look out the big bad america is coming to take your human rights ... fear me !!!!!!, 
  calm down its not even written yet , what are they gon na do ? 
  its still being drafted after all everything is subject to change . 
  i thought the european capital was like the capital in israel , sure people say its jerusalem , but , all the power flows from tel aviv . 
  likewise its like the president calling berlin to talk to europe , sure hes supposed to go through brussels so the rest feel better , but , why waste the time going through the middle man . 
  the last we let you guys handle your own affairs wwi happened ... then we left and wwii happened . 
  fooled me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me . 
  id rather have big american base sitting right in the heart of europe , then be without and have to be drafted for invasion 3 of europe . 
   also , the us is notoriously neutral when it comes to big wars . 
  in both ww1 and ww2 they did n't help europeans until years into both wars . 
  if i may , wwi started because a serb shot an astro-hungarian archduke , now while that might get you europeans all hot and bothered , ready to kill each other in the millions , it does n't really get us americans all patriotic . 
  nobel men shot by a commoner does n't do to us what it does to you guys it seems . 
  the second war was one european nation invading other european nations . 
  no offense , but if that 's the criteria for the us getting involved we would have had to invade europe once a year and twice if it was a mild russian winter . 
  dont blame america because you guys are constantly at each others throats . 
  hell i think nato should have gotten the peace prize over the eu , it did more to stop european country a from blasting european country b , then anything that has been thought up since . 
  that depends if war comes to europe will sweden roll over again and start selling raw materials to the russians , there is precedence of them being on the wrong side of the last big conflict after all . 
  please like the data is safe in germany , where the germans `` accidentally '' decrypted hilary clinton 's phone calls to ban ki moon or france which has collected meta data in volumes of its own . 
  he who lives in a glass house should not throw stones . 
  privacy laws and data laws have to do with how you view the ownership of data and free speech , why people are making this synonymous with democracy is odd . 
  if you do n't agree with this ruling , you want authoritarianism . 
  :( that does n't make any sense . 
  i feel this is relevant here :  the treaty of paris which brought the american war to an end in 1783 marked a revolution in the international state system . 
  britain was partitioned between france , spain and the colonists . 
  she was forced to recognize the thirteen colonies as independent states . 
  britain kept gibraltar , but florida and minorca were surrendered to spain , and france recovered louisiana . 
  france , in the triumphant words of vergennes , had ` erased the stain of 1763 ' . 
  moreover , a new power had arisen in the western hemisphere , and far-sighted observers were already predicting that the baton would soon pass from britain to the united states . 
  ` this little island [ england ] , ' horace walpole had remarked on hearing of the declaration of independence , ` will be ridiculously proud some ages hence of its former brave days , and swear its capital was once as big again as paris , or -- what is to be the name of the city that will then give laws to europe ? 
  -- perhaps new york or philadelphia . ' when one frenchman predicted that the thirteen states would become ` the greatest empire in the world ' , one member of the british delegation in paris shot back : ` yes sir , and they will all speak english , every one of \u2019em . ' source : europe : the struggle for supremacy : from 1453 to present by brendan simms . 
  batman needed no marketing budget . 
  that series proved super hero movies could be good and fun . 
  american here , we sorry for that ... we will begin mono-culturing east asia so you can have a more comfortable experience . 
  rest assured citizen , we in america are working on that , 
  and then next week the top ten was filled with american country and pop music and a rap album or two , when i studied in germany i had no idea garth brooks was so damn popular . 
  i think its just cultural perspective , if i asked you to picture a person committing suicide how would they do it , the first thing that come to my mind is a guy blowing his brains out . 
  if your in europe that would n't be the way you would picture someone doing it . 
  i guess its a matter of what 's available or something . 
  its a mater of market share not nsa boogeymen . 
  vw has been pushing `` clean diesel '' in the us in order to claim market share in the us . 
  diesel makes up a very small percentage of us car sales and vw was finally starting to turn americans on to `` clean diesel '' , but as more diesel cars started coming on to the road , this also meant more looks by the epa . 
  its their job to regulate and to do this you look at what is on the road and you test to see if its meeting standards . 
  that was their undoing they thought they could fool the regulators over there like they did in europe . 
  they were victims of their own clean diesel success . 
  21.000 of which are from suicide by firearm . 
  http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr64/nvsr64_02.pdf in the us a majority of deaths from guns is suicides not homicides . 
  taking away guns just means people will start suiciding the way they do in europe , pills and nooses .
