  then they will tell you this one thing about them . 
  followed by how much better they are then you for being a cyclist or vegetarian . 
  its one uping people . 
  no one has one upped the moon landing but that is the goal to say i did this over the top thing first , suck it inferior countries . 
  what is this der spiegel article about ? 
  i dont read german , are the germans going to go to the moon or something ? 
  you heard it here first folks , the moon is us territory !, 
  f35b is vtol and the f35c is designed to take off from smaller carriers , so it can probably take off from a highway if the need arises, 
  is this before or after hell freezes over and flying pigs are let out of the aviaries ? 
  [ fiesta bi-nacional ] ( http://qz.com/484342/locals-are-using-the-us-mexico-border-fence-as-a-giant-volleyball-net/ ) always a favorite of mine on espn the ocho !, 
  user name checks out, 
  nato use the block iir-m series gps , shooting down those satellites is like cutting your nose to spite your face, 
  actually it is , the shield can handle one or two icbms , which is a number that is achievable by iran , north korea ect . 
  russia has many , there is no way to stop them all with a shield system like this . 
  to clarify its more accurate then the gps block iir series which are the 32 currently operational satellites , and about the same as the gps block iif series . 
  but it will be operational before the block iif series . 
  however , the us is only building limited numbers of block iif to fit into the block ii satellite series and instead focusing on a whole new system , block iiia series . 
  so for atleast 2-3 years , gallileo mark i will be the most advanced gnss system in orbit . 
  yes but in that regard the us has the technological advantage against its main adversaries , china and russia in this aspect of warfare . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galileo_ ( satellite_navigation ) not a terminate button , but shoot down orders can be issued if the us is attacked using the tech  galileo is intended to be an eu civilian gnss that allows all users access to it . 
  gps is a us military gnss that provides location signals that have high precision to us military users , while also providing less precise location signals to others . 
  the gps had the capability to block the `` civilian '' signals while still being able to use the `` military '' signal ( m-band ) . 
  a primary motivation for the galileo project was the eu concern that the us could deny others access to gps during political disagreements . 
  [ 23 ] since galileo was designed to provide the highest possible precision ( greater than gps ) to anyone , the us was concerned that an enemy could use galileo signals in military strikes against the us and its allies ( some weapons like missiles use gnss systems for guidance ) . 
  the frequency initially chosen for galileo would have made it impossible for the us to block the galileo signals without also interfering with its own gps signals . 
  the us did not want to lose their gnss capability with gps while denying enemies the use of gnss . 
  some us officials became especially concerned when chinese interest in galileo was reported . 
  [ 26 ] an anonymous eu official claimed that the us officials implied that they might consider shooting down galileo satellites in the event of a major conflict in which galileo was used in attacks against american forces . 
  [ 27 ] the eu 's stance is that galileo is a neutral technology , available to all countries and everyone . 
  at first , eu officials did not want to change their original plans for galileo , but have since reached a compromise , that galileo was to use a different frequency . 
  this allowed the blocking or jamming of either gnss system without affecting the other ( jam galileo without affecting gps , or jam gps but not galileo ) , giving the us a greater advantage in conflicts in which it has the electronic warfare upper hand . 
  [ 28 ] essentially galileo wants to break into the market which gps currently monopolises , while nato will continue to use gps block iiis, 
  currently galileo system is more accurate and advanced then the gps block iir-m series which the current standard , technically when people say gps they mean gps-ii as gps was launched in the 1970 's and decommissioned in the 1995 . 
  currently the race for the most advanced system in orbit is between the galileo mark 1s and the gps block iif series . 
  with 12 galileo mark 1s in orbit and 2 gps block iifs in orbit . 
  im not sure what the next step for galileo is but the next gps system will be a whole new design , the block iiia series . 
  yah but they are the ones who the us has had that long term relationship with , the us-eu relationship is weird and clumsy . 
  for foreign to foreign relations it makes more sense to work with countries then the eu , we didnt even have a relationship with many of those eu counties till 1991 . 
  you dont give a person you just met the garage door code , that 's for friends and family . 
  this is not being imposed on germans , brits , or the french . 
  so whats the problem ? 
  state citizenship isnt really a thing , you do it for filing taxes and getting a drivers licence . 
  but its not enforceable as an action against the individual . 
  ie all licenses are accepted by all the other states and all the states accept them as form of id and ability to drive , by federal law . 
  texas cant say they dont recognise georgia ids and vice versa . 
  traveling outside the us though there is nothing that identifies the state you are in . 
  these is only one passport for the united states of america . 
   that allow us to work and move freely within eu ** within ** the eu being the important part , this does not apply outside of the eu . 
  im pretty sure the last time modern fighters engaged each other , 1990 iraq war . 
  all the engagements occurred outside of visual range . 
  well for the full line up you f15e and f18 super hornet and i think there is a british fighter in that line up . 
  us recognises un freedom of the sea mandates , no restrictions on any water way or international travel lane . 
  so long as the us ship was in an international lane it would be completely within its rights under un maritime law . 
  so they can fly them with the pilots they dont have ? 
  the european allies dont have the personnel to man their own systems ? 
  what are they gon na do with tanks they cant drive . 
  america has nothing to gain from a russian invasion of the baltic 's either , no territory , not our people ect , ect . 
  but it must be done because we hold common core values . 
  the sovereignty of democratic republics does not stop at your boarders it extends through the world . 
  open threats to japan , south korea , the philippines and australia should not be ignored because you have nothing to gain , its a selfish attitude towards republics . 
  i am not sure if europe feels that way or not but republics must be defended regardless of placement in the world , defending japan or south korea is just as important as defending latvia or germany . 
  location should not matter , the aggressor should not matter , only an attack upon our shared core principles should be enough . 
  democracy needs collective defense . 
  russia is already being very bellicose with the us within the alliance , attacking georgia and ukraine . 
  if the us were to leave the fundamental balance of power would shift towards russia in a very big way . 
  western europe might not feel threatened but would western europe give blood and iron to protect the baltic or eastern europe ? 
  history says no . 
  the equation changes and vladimir putin would be well aware of this , if anything he has proven his mastery of taking advantage of a situation . 
  you win some , you lose some . 
  the us put together a democratic government from a government that was originally totalitarian in nature . 
  sometimes it flourishes sometimes it withers and dies . 
  there are many examples where us occupation of an originally totalitarian government has led to a stable democratic government . 
  germany , italy , japan , south korea , and panama are a few examples . 
  iraq and afghanistan may fall like south vietnam but you would be hard pressed to say the us installed puppet regimes in either instance , if they did they would be alot easier to control . 
  its also very early in either iraq or afghanistan case when it comes to democracy . 
  adversity could lead to a sense of national identity , well see if iraq and afghanistan can stay the course . 
  there are many players in this world but only 3 capable of exerting world changing influence , the us , china , and russia . 
  when shit hits the fan one of these three actors is the one with the most direct or indirect influence on a situation . 
  it 's not a matter of good or evil , its a matter of us vs them , pun lol . 
  europe is part of the us alliance system along with the pacific allies , rio allies , and those bilateral agreements maintained by the us , us -- south africa alliance for example . 
  we engage in collective defense , because it works as a deterrent . 
  if the entirety of the alliance could be heard with one voice rather than a fragmented one as it is now , much good can from the world . 
  you call the us evil then why not create such an alliance of republics . 
  it limits us power and creates an alliance of strong democratic nations , which has the moral weight you seek.no member of the alliance is without sin , but if we were to create an alliance greater then the sum of our parts , then maby we can build a more peaceful world . 
  the key to us strategy will be to bring the nato allies and pacific allies into a single alliance . 
  to do this the us must boost japanese-south korean relations and promote a single pacific alliance . 
  consisting of but not limited too , the us , canada , chile , the philippines , south korea , japan , australia , new zealand , and the us protectorates ( micronesia , guam , wake , midway , ect ) islands . 
  once accomplished a joint sharing venture between the us alliances consisting of nato , the new pacific alliance , and rio pact may eventually grow into a single , world spanning alliance of democratic-republican states . 
  if europe can be convinced that aggression against allied democratic states in the pacific and the americas is a threat to the security of all democratic states , and vice versa then a new era of cooperation can occur between the republics/democracies of the world . 
  china like russia , threatens those countries with a similar system of government and values . 
  it is the promotion of this a collective defense that needs to flourish . 
  probably to keep mass panic down , that many people flooding the streets at once ... one explosion or a burst of automatic rifle fire and you 'll have more people dead from being trampled then from the actual threat . 
  new wave of immigrants coming to america is normal anyway we could use new blood . 
  if we can take 11 million mexicans , we can 20 million brits no prob , come on over , ill even learn to make tea !, 
   we will never be as ethnically homogeneous as the usa i think you mean a different word , ethnic homogeneity , is not a hallmark of us demographics . 
  lets take for example how the us defines white , which makes up 75 % of the population :  the united states census bureau defines white people as those `` having origins in any of the original peoples of europe , the middle east , or north africa . 
  it includes people who reported `` white '' or wrote in entries such as irish , german , italian , lebanese , near easterner , arab , or polish . '', 
  this same standard is not applicable to most of the world , america defines ethnic makeup very broadly because older immigrant groups are often very mixed and new groups begin diversify by the second generation . 
  as an american i will say if that is the eventual choice , the uk or , england , wales , scotland , ireland ect would all gain representation in washington too , probably more so then in brussels . 
  canada , usa , uk , australia would be awesome !,
