  1 +1 does not equal two in this case . 
  the eu is not united enough militarily to count the eu military budget vs russias military budget and then claim all of the eu is safe . 
  canada is our bro , they would stay !, 
   the primary external force helping ukraine resist russia today is not the u.s. military but european geo-economic and diplomatic power . 
  hahahahahhahaha how well is that soft-power working for ukraine and georgia . 
  lol like anyone is helping ukraine . 
  its russia 's now , no one wants to touch it with a 10 foot poll cause no one on the continent can do anything about it . 
   russia 's policy options are limited also by its dependence on european energy markets im fairly sure that runs both ways , europe needs russian oil - russia needs access to markets for that oil . 
  nordstream ii is really showing the russians not to mess with europe . 
  lol this article is hilarious thank you for making my day . 
  im sure ukraine felt the same way two years ago ... 
  if russia invades romania or the baltic for example will gb or france use there nuclear weapons ? 
  of course not . 
  every boarder region of europe is on fire , from ukraine , georgia , syria , libya and most of north africa . 
  if you cant secure your immediate vicinity then your defense strategy is pretty poor . 
  i think he meant the carriers had run out of bombs to supply the warplanes . 
  agreed , when i found out europe had no bunk buster bombs of its own i was floored . 
  if you cant beat technology perfected in 1945 there is no way you are winning against a battle hardened and experienced russian force . 
  a defacto main language then . 
  okay that makes more sense . 
  thanks !, 
   but a different sort of anglosphere has emerged in brussels , with english now the common language of the eu institutions . 
  since when ? 
  every time tusk sneezes 22 separate memos in 22 languages are immediately ordered for distribution . 
  id like to hear french thoughts on such a change . 
  japanese designs work off of us specifications . 
  if a japanese sub needs to rearm at sea it can do so from a us sub tender and vice versa . 
  it means both countries are able to use each others dry docks and carry similar packaged supplies and need similar tools and equipment for maintenance . 
  a french design may call for an entirely different set of tools and may be unable to dock with ships from japan and the us for rearmament at sea . 
  im not sure if the australians know a way around these problems or think its unnecessary but we will have to see . 
  but by doing that you alienate south east asia minus pakistan , north america , and oceania . 
  the tangled web geo-politics weave 's . 
  and be left behind as world trade keeps on flowing ... 
  like anyone else has done any better . 
  that 's one region no one knows how to fix , from the mongol empire till the americans , from the crusades to the british empire . 
  everyone has screwed up in the middle east . 
  if you can trust their numbers . 
  i want someone with all the information to independently verify the size and scale of the chinese economy . 
  i dont trust the chinese government to do so as they put out so little information , you cant even independently calculate their economy . 
   australia and new zealand get auxiliary membership bros for life !, 
  yes , gdp per ppp is purchasing power parity . 
  meaning how much of a basket of basic goods can you buy locally . 
  fish , rice , clothes . 
  ect . 
  this does not help for building construction , unemployment , goods available , buying internationally which now thanks to amazon has really skewed ppp numbers so an update is needed , ect . 
  the best example i got from wikipedia on its limitations is below :  routinely disaggregate their data into such categories . 
  some aspects of ppp comparison are theoretically impossible or unclear . 
  for example , there is no basis for comparison between the ethiopian laborer who lives on teff with the thai laborer who lives on rice , because teff is not commercially available in thailand and rice is not in ethiopia , so the price of rice in ethiopia or teff in thailand can not be determined . 
  like so many the gdp , gdp per ppp , gdp per ppp per capita , unemployment u3-u6 ( us i dont know what europe uses ) , ect are all needed to determine the overall health of an economy . 
  indeed the natural thing for spain , greece ect is to lower the value of the euro and grow exports . 
  but the strength of the german economy means it cant fall to the levels it needs to . 
  economic minsters of these countries need a wrench but the eu has left them with only hammers . 
  a comprise must occur . 
  if were doing bigus dickus contests then we shall take puerto rico immediately !, 
  nothing like a good quasi economic war to mask imperial ambitions right guys !, 
  lets do this !, 
  social security is a kind of pension . 
  so semi . 
  so it will be built with 3-4 years worth of delays , after which it will be abandoned . 
  you make a good point maby it doesnt work ? 
  the problem being any information that actually got anything good would be buried so deep it wont find the light of day till im a very old man . 
  it can only be answered with complete and total access that no one really has . 
  human history is littered with torture , its uses go beyond information without such access i dont know if i will ever come down one way or another . 
  you forgot the `` an '' and here is your heroes spelled correctly . 
  happy grammar nazi . 
  thats the unknown question of history , does torture work ? 
  for me torture works if it fills 3 criteria : 1 ) you can independently verify that the person you are torturing has the information you need , otherwise its a total waste of time . 
  2 ) pressure , the right amount of pressure in right spot of the victim can reveal the truth and save on point # 3 3 ) time , eventually we all breakdown mentally . 
  to say torture does n't work seems odd , human history has used it as a tool and it has proven its use before . 
  if you know they know , then the information is obtainable . 
  ehhh desalination is getting cheap ... we will be fine , the middle east wont but we will . 
  til the world is coming apart at the seams, 
  is no one going to point out the elephant in the room that both mass and miss are english speaking places in an english speaking country which has the same culture , hero 's , traditions , history , they fought the same wars , watch the same tv , listen to the same music , pledge allegiance to the same flag , ect ect . 
  these eu countries comparisons to us states makes no sense its grasping at straws . 
  the eu is not the us , there was no manifest destiny west . 
  the eu is a place where 22 memos in 22 languages has to go out every time juncker picks his nose at a press conference . 
  comparing gdp and saying look mass to miss difference is the same as uk to romania difference , therefore its all the same is ludicrous . 
  eu federalists are delusional if they think they can iron over all these things by simply smashing eu countries together at high enough velocity to make them one element . 
  the eu is alot more like states in india , they speak different languages , they have different culture and histories . 
  the eu can draw more lessons from this then trying to make the eu as singular as the us or canada . 
  yes but total population for that hdi is uncomparable , only 3 million people live in mississippi . 
  mass is just shy of 7 million . 
  by this same token the uk is 65 million people . 
  bulgaria is 7.2 million people . 
  this is america no one lives here and even fewer of us live in shit states !, 
  dont worry jerry , you 'll understand soon enough now that you are ruler of the eu . 
  far better to have stability then be liked , you 'll learn this lesson soon enough . 
  britain , cousin , let us go bowling !, 
  `` indivisible '' no state may leave , ( anger against johnny-rebs intensifies ) ... im sorry i was blinded by anger . 
  seccession is verboten !, 
  i dont think so , while the dispoable income is smaller the prices are also vastly different . 
  massachusetts is more expensive to live in then mississippi . 
  can we get some numbers up in here ? 
  this is the same reasoning why german beer has now become so boring compared to the american craft brewing industry . 
  cant put fruits , nuts , or anything in it cause a law from 500 years ago says so !, 
  an up tight bunch you are , its cheese , its in parmesan style and its got interesting flavors in it . 
  thats dope , innovate further and bring me more interesting cheeses !!!, 
  by this token of logic you cant call a microprocessor a microprocessor unless its designed by ibm . 
  was n't pizza considered `` peasant '' food anyway and so italians never really innovated on pizza till american tourists started asking about it , then the italians just made up their pizza game compete with their american cousins who left the old country . 
  i dont know enough about cheese to answer this let alone know what the difference is between the two , but the fact they have categories for both impresses me .
