  they are our closest allies along with canada and australia . 
  i get that europeans in general are angry right now , this was an emotional issue for you guys.i also get you want to discourage other leavers but this should not get ugly . 
  the uk is still a friendly nation to the rest of europe , a strong nato ally , and a strong economy . 
  wishing for economic malise , them to break up , and to dance on the ashes of their nation is not the way to go . 
  calm and a amicable divorce will be the best for all . 
  remember most young people voted to remain , they may want to come back in 50 years but they wont want too if the eu gets mean . 
  the eu has the chance to set the tone for the rest of the world , it will not be an attractive trait if turns nasty . 
   their best channel into the eu just vanished into smoke overnight . 
  i doubt canada and australia could care less . 
  ehhh , its not the mood im sensing . 
  to be very honest , we kind of get it , why the uk voted to leave i mean . 
  it might not be in our best interest but it makes sense to us why . 
  its not like we have bad relations with the rest of europe but american sympathy to the uk runs deeper . 
  so much of our culture is shared , we get them better then we get the french or the germans . 
  i know , and its a difficult spot the eu is in . 
  but if the eu starts doing all this bullying it has threatened the uk goes from being a country that wants out , to a country that is being harassed by a foreign power . 
  looking at this subreddit , from take back gibraltar to put tarriffs on the uk economy it seems a bit excessive . 
  this should be handled with care , not `` get out now '' . 
  the eu is the bigger power in this , it would take very little for the eu to be seen as a bully here and the uk is extraordinary at propaganda . 
  its not a good nor a bad but if your going to punish the eu for this vote , its important to acknowledge that . 
  one of the critical failures of the remain campaign was the rest of europe telling the uk how bad things are going to get if you leave and while i understand the tactic , its also in human nature to challenge authority and challenge authority the british did . 
   actually it 's the third largest now.with the fall of the pound , your best friends the french moved into second . 
  what ?!, 
  gdp figures do n't change overnight they are taken on a quarterly basis with a averaging out on a yearly basis for the official figures as stated by the imf and world bank based on the figures provided by the national banks . 
  what your saying is a mathematical outlier at best . 
  as for the single market , the negotiations will take 2 years after the uk invokes article 50 of the lisbon treaty . 
  the uks wish is to remain in the single market while remaining distant from the `` ever closer union '' . 
  its the referendum problem . 
  it was outlined by gr\u00e1inne de b\u00farca , a professor at nyu , harvard and european university institute . 
  her argument was that due to the way the lisbon treaty and others have been written there is a problem in the eu for right answer referendums . 
  if you allow referendums to be held so easily , as they are in current eu law , then the opposition will keep bringing up a referendum every one to two years till the `` right '' answer is reached . 
  the eu has done this multiple times with accession treaties and treaty changes . 
  putting the vote up again and again till the answer the eu needs is reached . 
  here is the paper : http://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2210&amp;context=ilj, 
  you do know you sound more like an imperialist with rhetoric like that ... 
  russia is a very different beast from the uk . 
  for one thing its propaganda machine is more influential then russia 's on countries like my own , canada , and australia . 
  if the eu goes out of its way to punish the uk it may bring the ire of the us , canada , and australia . 
  kinda , its the second largest economy in europe after all . 
  its in everyones best intrest this divorce remain civil and the uk for a long time has only been interested in the single market . 
  this whole `` ever closer union '' nonsense has always been a continental dream , the uk just wanted a trade deal . 
  fair enough . 
  its very much a problem in europe , keep voting till you get the right answer . 
  it is not in the eus best intrest to punish britain with the harsh rhetoric you are proposing . 
  i know on this side of the atlantic were all saying , `` its the uks decision '' . 
  but if the eu starts getting frisky , i can assure you . 
  the uk can count on us , canadian , and australian support . 
  dont get me wrong we like the eu , but we like the uk better . 
  no need `` cutting off the nose to spite the face '' . 
  keep the divorce civil i say . 
  please , on this subreddit there is so much hate over this its annoying . 
  this subreddit just got a gut punch and a parental divorce , the anger here is palpable but i doubt any of this will happen . 
  i have no idea what your talking about with allow cookies ? 
  its a single button you press once for everything or nothing unless your so anal you filter it . 
  you guys are asked for cookies all the time ? 
  agreed , given the situation i would support a fast track free trade agreement with the uk . 
  i think obama will be forced to back track . 
   also , i do n't remember being able to book a cinema seat in the us either that cause in the us that only happens in upscale dinner and a movie places with drinks and recliners for seats . 
  your average theater is first come first serve you cant book seats , come early or get screwed . 
  got quiet a shock when i found out alot of the world did that . 
  ... truly the best response . 
  why does everyone insist on calling their tech regions silicon _______ . 
  it just makes everything sound like the cheap knock off too the real thing . 
  its the bollywood problem . 
  no matter how impressive it becomes , it will still look second rate to the original . 
   while this operation is likely to seriously destabilise the balance of parisian trade , this large american company saw fit to inform the city of paris just days before its launch what ?!, 
  why does amazon need to tell the mayors office they are launching a new service ? 
  is this a requirement in france or something ? 
  our plans have been discovered . 
  we 'll get you next time russia !, 
  not everyone was industrialized by the 1800 's , hell , most of the world was not industrialized by 1900 . 
  most of the world was under imperial - mercantilism , until 1945 most countries were not even allowed to industrialize under the imperial regimes.but why should that matter ? 
  these are countries which are moving from rural to manufacturing . 
  that kind of change requires enormous changes to laws and society . 
   also china and india is exploiting their population as slaves you do know that is how every single one of us started our economies in our industrial revolutions right ? 
  agreed it is the great downfall of the whole argument . 
  eu military budget = strong eu military , is not set in stone . 
  it works for countries like the us and china as they have singular military doctrines and can buy in bulk orders . 
  the eu military budget may be big , but you are not getting discounts if 20 countries buy 20 tanks each vs a single order of 400 tanks . 
  on top of that all the us and chinese tanks will be to a single specification so everything will be compatible military wide . 
  it is the same argument that was used to describe the autro-hungarian empire as a great power before the first world war . 
  by looking at the numbers it would appear as though the austro-hungarians could easily rival the other powers but once the war broke it became apparent the the fractious nature of the empire was to blame for its downfall to a junior member of the alliance . 
  a good example was rail roads , they worked on one standard in austria and another in hungary and so trains from one to the other were incompatible with each other essentially halfing the actual number of trains the empire truly had for deployment . 
  the same argument can be made for the current state of european militaries . 
  while together they may look powerful it makes very little difference if german tank treads can not be fitted on french tanks , or italian mechanic have no idea how to repair a polish tank , and cant use the manual because it is in polish . 
  these are problems the us , china , and russia will not have but the eu most definitely will . 
  complete standarization is needed befor the eu can look solely at its military budget and say with certainty , `` we can hold the russians in case they invade the baltic '' . 
  not really , if anything china is a much bigger rival the eu 's military is disjointed , it has extremely limited force projection capacity compared to the us . 
  china is growing its military far faster then europe . 
  its economy is larger if combined , but that means little when it does not have a single currency , no state to state transfer mechanism , a highly limited federal bank , is non federalized , does not share a fiscal policy ect ect . 
  those things were thought of as irrelevent till the 2008 crisis . 
  it is a single economy in the loosest sense of the term compared to the us and china . 
  also if brexit occurs it will no longer be the case , and even if it does n't go through the harm caused by allowing countries to leave so easily has caused irreparable damage , internationally no one is betting on the longer term of the eu anymore being a more closer union or even a single entity . 
  pre 2008 when books were coming out about how only soft power matters and us hard power is irrelevant , pre ukraine/georgia . 
  how the euro will become the worlds reserve currency , how europe will be the new super power to rival the us . 
  yah ... lets just say those books are now all in your local book stores bargain bin , and amazon has some very funny reviews about those books now . 
  edit : here is a good one , read the pre 2008 and post 2008 reviews : https://www.amazon.com/united-states-europe-superpower-supremacy/product-reviews/0143036084/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_viewopt_srt?ie=utf8&amp;showviewpoints=1&amp;sortby=recent&amp;pagenumber=1, 
   would n't be very surprising considering the eu is capable of becoming the biggest rival of the united states . 
  yah in 2000-2006 , now ... 
  makes sense but an ever closer union will mean some economies will be taxed to prop up weaker economies .
