  not like europe gave hospitals , roads , and schools to those places . 
  not imported steel imported techiques . 
  the use of indian crucible forging techniques being passed to damascus and saracen and then to invading crusaders is well documented . 
  ehhh the eu only sometimes works as a single entity even by world market standards . 
  it has for instance not standardized a minimum tax rate between states , does not have a single bond , does not have a standard market across all industries , nor large industrial standardization , and does not have a single trade policy , or fiscal policy or procurement policy . 
  that 's still the realm of member states it 's the eu so it 's close on some things and world 's apart on others . 
  for instance canada could get a contract to supply helicopters to a single eu country , but there is no equivalent if you sell a helicopter to canada it 's to canada , not alberta, 
  bigger then that is their loiter times . 
  pilots get tired waiting for jihadi john to show up at abdul farm to blow it up . 
  drones do not . 
  they can stay up their for incredible amounts of time circling the target . 
  most of america 's nuclear launch aircraft date back too pre cold war . 
  the b1-b lancer , b2 spirit and b52 are some of the oldest aircraft in the fleet . 
  they need an updated airframe , it could be seen as blackmail from a certain political perspective . 
  but from an engineering standpoint the youngest of these designs is from the 80s . 
  it does n't matter how good your paper is when most people read web articles, 
  capitalism is the only answer , people are selfish and privatization incentives those who can fill a market need . 
  the market is an uncontrollable jungle and only capitalism acknowledges this , government control on the market has always proven to be an exercise in futility . 
  we have the best sheep shaggers , the greatest , so gentle so loving . 
  i 'm sorry how much of germany is currently ruble due to us air strikes . 
  if that were the case you think we would have atleast gotten to bonn by now, 
   i suspect america will decline and balkanize as diverse societies do . 
  now that 's a truly out there claim . 
  i think your stretching, 
  you 've never been to the baltic have you . 
  your changing the status quo from one where the largest contributor to the alliance with 70 % of its military capacity is no longer part of your club ... there is no way in hell putin does not become more ambitious from such a huge change in continental military strength . 
  well it 's not like the russians want to take land and freedom from europeans and china has no intention of taking land and freedom from the japanese , south koreans , the phillipines or singapore . 
  none of that is true , its rainbows and ponds without the decadant us of a leading the world . 
  and fire and brim stone shall rain from the sky and smash there heathen heads in !, 
  `` you can always count on americans to do the right thing - after they 've tried everything else . '', 
  - winston churchill, 
  til i 'm revoltingly evil and so is my country . 
  so i guess we 're changing from a hegemony to an imperium . 
  have europe ready for resource extraction and population subjugation . 
  the us military will be bombing all those who resist alphabetically , we did n't build 22 carriers for nothing it seems  / s, 
  or boycott them or agree to sign in a third party country . 
  or sign in sweden itself . 
  point being do n't go out of your way to paint yourselves as the champion of women and then do shit like this . 
  alot of respect was lost on this one . 
  it 's more of sweden 's demeanour on the matter . 
  it 's government went and claimed it was the first `` feminist '' government in history . 
  it trolled trump on his photo of the executive order banning us aid dollars going to foreign abortion programs . 
  the swedes went out of their way to paint themselves as the champions of women liberation . 
  then the swedish government sends it 's female delegation in full hijab to iran and the pictures look damning and hypocritical . 
  sweden painted itself into a corner with its rhetoric , one simply can not ignore the hypocrisy in the matter . 
  the photos are rather degrading . 
  espcially the one where all the women looked like they were being paraded in front of rhouni . 
  that one looked really bad . 
  i for one welcome our new union of anglo states , canada and australia can come too , new zealand is welcome but it has to prove it 's not full of orcs first . 
  speak for yourself , besides mercantalism , which went the way of the doedoe since the fall of all the empires , i think the european union needs more capitalism if it is to survive , not less . 
  europe is not a young continent anymore , liberal welfare will become more unaffordable as the ratio of workers to retirees shrinks further . 
  the european union is rigid and beurocratically unadapable . 
  time it became more elastic , some may be left behind , but the infection must be cut if the patient is to survive . 
  canadas finance sector is so small the financial crash in 2008 was limited in damage . 
  canada is like north american norway , its primarily a resource based economy . 
  exporting to the us primarily . 
  hey man your the one with labels like `` glorious culture '' and `` garbage culture '' that just so happens to fall on nationalist lines . 
  its not me categorizing nations based on this . 
  that would be cool actually , * greetings and salutations , from fist bumps to hand holding , how humans interact * by national geographic, 
  that and its hard to justify the imf giving so much money to european economies for 6 years , while not helping more impovirished economies a tenth as much and with half the hassel and greater success . 
  china , india , japan and brazil or no longer happy with a euroean running the imf . 
  if this keeps up europe will lose this position by next election . 
  you take that back !, 
  dream big little estoni , dream big !, 
  ... yah ... cooler ... compared to walking i guess, 
  bring it on , were good at hard capitalism and at our best when competition thinks it can dislodge us , 
  but they still run on android lolololololol ,, 
  the foreigners have filthy culture compared to our glorious culture ... this is such a new line of thinking / s, 
  you mean the data european agencies give to the us in order to acess the massive us databases ? 
  i think you need to do more research on gchq , bnd , and dgse . 
  your information isnt any safer . 
  more of the wto found no evidence of any damages from hormonal vs non-hormonal beef . 
  by wto rules you have to prove health risk for such a ban to occur and the eu cant . 
  oh its that time of year again for greece to pay debts . 
  ill get the popcorn so we can watch the show . 
  how do europeans acknowledge homies and friendly mofos without these ? 
  what do you do instead ? 
  save me ja rule !!!, 
  ... i would pay money too see lil wayne talk about brexit . 
  a. . . high five ... equivalent ? 
  is that not universal ? 
  yah , my air will be alot cleaner !, 
  lol thats what tax havens do , nevada and connecticut are notorious tax havens , doesnt mean we drag them through the mud and demand our pound of flesh . 
  ever closer union till its inconvient . 
  of which the us makes up 70 % of nato capacity . 
  the secretary general of nato every year says the same thing about natos overeliance on a single ally and let me give u a hint hes not talking about poland . 
  germany says no to ecb bonds , no to giving taxes dollars and no to qe all things greece , italy and the rest of the southern economies need . 
  sounds like germany is too busy helping germany rather then any european union . 
  yah ... thats not how jurisdiction work , and all countries all agree that there currency means there jurisdication . 
  just last year italian money forgers were caught with some 10 billion usd . 
  they were subject to italian law , but also us law . 
  all currencies are jurisdication of the country printing them . 
  so so long as the world uses the dollar as the reserve currency then yes most transactions will be done in dollars and will be subject to us law, 
   please provide proof of your claim on the british . 
  the british have had a dubious imperial history . 
  for starters i would google : sykes-picot agreement , amritsar massacre , boer war and concentration camps , the mau mau people and kenya , and mercantile faminies in india . 
  thats a good start , but this is not exhaustive nor is the point to make out the british as villans , they do what they did to keep a status quo going in which they were on top . 
  which created much rivalry and hatred with other imperial powers like the french , germans , spanish , japanese and russians . 
  as well as hegemonic nations like the united states , for example the suez crisis . 
  that was true for empires like the british , french and japanese empires where some 10 % -15 % of the economy relied on arms manufacturing , military employment , and military contracts , which directly allowed for control of colonies which added as much as 45 % -55 % of the imprrial economy .
