  why is it that western europe never takes the security concerns of eastern europe seriously ? 
   what 's not to say that would have happened outside of nato too ? 
  could have but did n't merely speculation  ? 
  or even if it was simply greece in nato and not turkey ? 
  why no turkey?us - turkish relations have been coridal since the ottomans , they are good allies . 
  jokes on you , 60 years to late for the irish invasion . 
  depends on u6 or u3 , u6 is everything but its hard to calculate and often inaccurate since many of the factors are harder to calculate . 
  u3 is easier to calculate and the numbers are more accurate , but it leaves out those variables which are estimated factors . 
  uhm the fact that turkey and greece have not gone to war since the both joined nato even after the cyprus soup and turkish invasion incident . 
  brexit : signals the coming of the anti-christ . 
  obama said the same thing with the `` reset '' on us-russian relations . 
  the divide between russian-us world views was proven much greater then we expected . 
   i would also add russia to the list of not scarey things anymore . 
  something the us does n't seem to have caught up on you always here this from the germans ... never the baltic states , romania , hungary or poland . 
  just sayin there is big disconnect between eastern and western europe . 
  if i had a rubble for every time the russians found a fascist id have ... 4 euros, 
  care to go back to roman numerals ? 
  if you thought math was hard before just wait till you have to multiply xvvviii and xxviii or whatever . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( https://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/glp-science-and-gmos.pdf ), 
  because cheese made in wisconsin is bad . 
  or something ? 
  yes , a wire-toe torpedo would be more then enough . 
  it does n't need to hit the patrol boat either , just detonate close enough under the patrol boat , the force from the explosion and water displacement would essentially break the spine of the boat in two . 
  i will not accept defeat , we must go down another path , the normans conquered the british , congratulations france !, 
  if the sovereign state had the capacity to hold the territory then yes , ireland would be british , sri lanka would indian , and mexico would take half of the us . 
  the subsequent wars from the irish rebellion to the mexican-american war undid these claims but both mexico and the uk can claim these lands as lost sovereign territory . 
  india to sri lanka is a bit odder since most indian empires never took sri lanka and it was independent for the most part . 
   now you , being outside of having influence on the eu evolution will have much , much , much less of a geopolitical value for the u.s. and they 'll be much less likely to save your ass . 
  you 'd be surprised how quickly the anglosphere musters together . 
  if the eu got hostile with a little britain it would not take much propaganda to get this side of the atlantic and australia ready for d-day part 2 . 
  fine but then if were going all take-backsy we claim all of western europe , japan , burma , north africa , and most of oceania from ww2 . 
  korea from the korean war , and you know what , panama , cuba , and philippines from the spanish-american war . 
  wait , but since the mexicans beat the spanish and we beat the mexicans then by the transitive property we still get all of the western us back . 
  hmmmmm seems like this never ending feed back loop of past military imperialism isnt going to go down to well for spain . 
  dont be so sour just because the moors lived there for so long . 
  hypocritical actually , but my nationality is irrelevant to the discussion , why eviction ? 
  sovereignty of the state has little do with the people living there , its not like you need to go all crimean tatar 's . 
  practically everyone has lived at some point on that outcropping . 
  from carthaginians to visigoths to english colonists . 
  each group pushing out the one before it . 
  an argument can be made that the people are irrelevant , this is the sovereign property of the state , not the colonists . 
  in the post colonial world spain and morocco claims to the outcrop is much stronger then before . 
  actually they have , gibraltar was the first stop of the moorish conquest of spain . 
  711 to 1492 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/umayyad_conquest_of_hispania, 
  well if were going to go there then carthage should get it back since it held it befor the romans which means its now tunisian . 
  congratulations , tunisia !, 
  there is merit to the laffer curve . 
  a broadcasting license you say , i must get this information to my investors , does anyone know if the 4:30 autogyro has left yet , i must confirm this information with the prussian consulate in siam . 
  iraq and afghanistan are still under the `` remains to be seen category '' the iraqi 's and afghani 's in the last few years have really stepped up and made a concerted effort to build a democratic , multi ethnic country . 
  iraq and afghanistan are no bigger question marks then south korea , japan , panama , and germany after there wars . 
  and for the guy above you the marshall helped rebuilt europe in many ways . 
  one example was the buying of food for the post war famines that occurred in europe . 
  you think stable democratic governments would have held in europe if food became scarce , especially given the sever winters of 1946,1947 , and 1948 ? 
  you must be joking . 
  the us gave $ 120 billion in today 's money to europe and japan , $ 12 billion back then without inflation . 
  you would be daft you think that much money was worthless in rebuilding a continent after a war which made it so no city in europe had a building over 2 stories without battle damage . 
   the assad family is the sole reason why syria still has religious minorities in syria . 
  oh well that makes it all better , lets forget about the chlorine gas barrel bombs , and nerve agents . 
  being tolerant of minorities should not get him carte blanche on the `` lets drop chemical weapons on our enemies '' train . 
  syria has been in civil war for 6 years now . 
  the country is in ruins . 
  winning the war without damaging the last remaining areas of infrastructure is ideal and guess what sort of weapon kills your enemies but leaves streets , houses , and electric , water , ect lines intact . 
  this allows assad 's force to occupy and use that infrastructure to house troops , keep communications , move troops ect . 
  from a long term perspective these weapons are ideal for this sort of work . 
  assad is not in a great position either , 6 years into a high intensity conflict on your streets does not a strong dictator make . 
  your assessment is inaccurate . 
  assad is as desperate as everyone else in this war , he just has bigger fish backing him . 
  and in no way can he retake the whole country , he does not have the firepower to outright win now . 
  that ship passed long ago , assad wants the alawite coast as his own little kingdom , thats not the best but a fairly good scenario for him and the alawite people . . 
  libya was french-european led buddy , give us shit for iraq but dont blame us for your mess . 
  shit where shit belongs . 
  59 cruise missles in less risky then captured navy seals . 
  we got the money , the missles , and destroyers . 
  lets light the base up and call it a day . 
  nothing as he could do nothing but it should be noted that it was under the obama administration that the last us tank battalion left europe just a month befor crimea , a move no republican president would make . 
  that and a lack of any decisive action by eu nations was a mistake . 
  the west got caught napping . 
  it happens . 
  mercantile economics led to it . 
  when every farmer is required to keep a larger and larger portion of their crops every year for cash crops which the british then take it leads to mono culturing the most efficient plant you can grow in the tiny space your allowed food in the hopes of feeding your family . 
  its no surprise that the british empire is rife with man made famines from egypt , india , jordan , south africa , ireland , ect . 
  you cant tell me the british empire did n't do some super evil shit for economic gain , if you feel economics is a more moral reason then hitler to kill people in the millions then thats your judgement call . 
  its a matter of perspective ; whose more evil and who can you deal with . 
  the guy thousands of miles away killing people ; including the people who subjugate you . 
  or the people who subjugate you , and starve you of food for a war on the other side of the world . 
  when you 've only heard of germany in books vs your beaten by a british officer for not making your grain quota , who are you gon na feel more anger toward . 
  japan never considered india part of its , greater east asia co-prosperity sphere , the japanese were not foolish they could not keep and control all of china let alone india as well . 
  they wanted india as an ally ; by 1945 even the british were well aware the empire would crumble in the post war which is why churchill lost the election . 
  talking about post war military reconquest of india was both insane and hypocritical considering nothing above two stories stood in london without battle damage . 
  oh when the scandinavians does it its universal basic income , but when alaska does it , its abductions and rape vans ... 
  hey ... alaska is nice . 
  2 largest nuclear powers going to war only concerns us ... your not the sharpest tool in the shed are you . 
  yes all of europes woes are our fault , the instability of your union limping from crisis to crisis since 2008 , is because our first orange president came into office in february 2017 ... blame him for things just dont go around blaming him for everything . 
  so from 1945-1990 the us was there to play `` katz und maus '' and eat german sausage?berlin airlift was an exercise in trying to drop food onto german roofs not german belly 's ? 
  we built an elaborate defense network to stop the poles ? 
  germany only cared when it was german necks on the line , and 20 years after its all over germany seems to care little for a belligerent russia threatening its neighbors germany does n't care if eastern europe is threatened by russia then fine , but then dont go around and claim eu solidarity when the most you can do is cry to us if russia bum rushes the baltic . 
  germany needs to grow up and realize if it wants a solid eu it has to stop being selfish with its purse strings and pride in having a military of irrelevant capacity . 
  boris yeltsin 's russia no longer exists . 
  the richest and most populous country in europe is irrelevant to european defense , does that seem right to you ? 
  your information is inaccurate .
