  the point being presidents from eisenhower-regan would have never gone this route , the fall of the soviet union has made europe complacent . 
  this is why it was so paralyzed when russia took parts of georgia and ukraine . 
  russia knows europe without the us is in no shape to dictate terms . 
  eastern europe will be cut into pieces , and the western europe will just sit there and watch ... again . 
  the eu will not exist without nato . 
  enough to allow us to lower our military costs so we do n't have to subsidize eu defense ? 
   if anything the problem is n't germany . 
  germany has the ability to ramp up quickly to create a good armed force and has the industrial and technological base to serve them . 
  no they really dont , it would take years to get the necessary industry and expertise to be able to handle a crisis out right . 
  germany has no such ability it would have no say in the matter . 
  the situation only has one outcome , german capitulation to the new status quo . 
  one of the aspects of a crisis is its unexpected nature . 
  currently germany is in shape to handle a crisis . 
  military brigades are n't trained over night , airplane factories and necessary components cant be built in mass outright , microprocessors and the setup of information networks cant be done in an instant and the specialized personnel needed are n't even in existence in the german military . 
  they would have to write the book on how to ... while doing crisis management , that 's not happening . 
  respect ... right now germany is the leader of europe who cant protect prussia let alone its neighboring states . 
  you cant lead europe if you cant be counted on to protector in a crisis . 
  they would take poland ... and germany would accept this because they have no other option . 
  sometimes i think europe forgets nato is a pacific power, 
  that depends if there is competition in the market or not , a contract so lucrative as the saudis is going to get the us , french , british , turkey , and so on interested . 
  i think the biggest problem these emmisson scandals seem to have created is a sense of mistrust in the regulatory bodies of europe . 
  not 1 year ago many on this sub were wholly convinced on the standards of europe . 
  it was often proclaimed ( rightly so or not ) that the eu has the highest standards for everything , food , cars , ect ect . 
  every ttip discussion was filed with `` the us will make us adopt their lower standards '' this point was taken as fact without second thought . 
  this is no longer the case , the point has become hollow . 
  knocked off the high horse so to speak . 
  the problem being is this lack of faith in the institution could not have come at a worse time . 
  but , it could be an opportunity to reignite some faith in the eu . 
  after all if the eu can fix this one small thing then it can atleast it fixed something , get one win in its corner after too many hard knock years . 
  baby steps ... europe can fix this without political upheaval and it might be enough to get people to move on to the more pressing matters . 
  a true point , the soviet union was probably not the best example to use . 
  human rights is great but if it mean the closure of the suez canal path then everyone and their mother will throw human rights out the window . 
  human right is a noble goal but not if it means unemployment and hardship in the rest of the world . 
  the saudis are a great power , they are a huge/stable supplier of oil , they have a large economy and control the arab peninsula , opec and the arab league . 
  if europe is going to go holier than thou then so be it . 
  but the us is the superpower and one of the responsibilities of the super power is world stability . 
  the saudi 's can help bring that stability to an inherently unstable region . 
  if they are willing to take control of the yemen situation and protect the supply lines of the bab al-mandab strait then good , we sell attack helicopters on discount . 
  the europeans will complain about human rights today , but will piss themselves if the worlds most important trade lane becomes unusable . 
  a responsible actor will understand this fact better then this political posturing and moral bull . 
  to be fair the `` fuck the eu '' comment was because europe did not have a single policy towards the ukraine crisis and sort of dithered and undermined each other . 
  if you had to meet with the germans , french , eu officials , and all of them gave 28 different policies on the situation you would say `` fuck the eu '' to and go ahead with your plans , eu inaction wasnt going to solve the crisis and gave putin momentum from day one till today . 
  the eu is a great partner when everyone agrees , ie iran sanctions , but when there is no consensus the eu sort of sits on its hands ... the would be very frustrating to the state department which used to working with nation-states with single policies as opposed to organizations with no official policy , but many `` unofficial '' policies . 
   the eu is the most useful as a trading bloc without political integration to be fair , from this side of the atlantic european integration has caused more headaches , political instability and economic hardship then it has solved . 
  the eu has created more antagonism then solidarity and the last time europe was so antagonizing to each other we lost half a million boys ... the 2nd time around . 
  while we are not on that path yet the breakdown of the system leads people to imagine the worst case scenario . 
  people on this side of the atlantic are not confident in europe integration when the status que of an all inclusive alliance has been so effective in deterring wars between the europeans . 
  i dont know why you are being downvoted your point is valid , it did not work for the austro-hungarian empire or the ottoman empire . 
  states made up of many different nations tend to be inherently unstable . 
  why the eu was exception to this rule has never been fully explained to me . 
  i too have never heard of the us project ? 
  are you referring to manifest destiny ? 
  nato ? 
  the alliance system in general ? 
  the union of states ? 
  creation of a state with no nation ? 
  constitutionalism ? 
   that actually sounds fine to me , it might make investors more responsible about what corporations do , knowing that they 're going to be liable for any crime that might be committed by it . 
  this might lead to corprate flight and lack of investment . 
  if i am held liable for a company i hold less then 1 % i will not invest and mutual funds would dry up very quickly . 
  if you want people investing their money then this might not be a good way to go . 
  that funny i got my numbers from here : http://www.oecd.org/std/37962718.pdf there is quiet the divergence in our numbers . 
  its an odd double edged sword of sorts on the one hand teen pregnancy ... on the other the us is the only industrialized nation to have a positive replacement rate . 
  its more so that the uk economy along with the us and japan have gone into a post-industrial economies . 
  these economies now are based upon services , intellectual property , and consumption . 
  services like banking , financial management , asset distribution , corporate hq and administrative services are based out of these countries . 
  they also produce intellectual property like software applications and technical specifications . 
  it is one of the main reason all three countries work so hard on copyrights and patent protection , its because that 's what these economies produce . 
  mind you all three countries still produce goods , but they produce capital goods . 
  ie satellites , airplane engines , microprocessors , or heavy industry goods . 
  basically goods that are used to make other goods . 
  agreed , the saudis are the largest buyer of arms in the world please eu ban weapons sales to saudi arabia , we could use a boost in market share . 
  this implies there was a plan a. . . 
  sometimes democracy takes hold sometimes it does n't . 
  for every panama and south korea there is a vietnam and somalia . 
  tbh i think its too early to say how iraq and afghanistan are going to go . 
  after all south korea was a dictatorship for awhile after the american intervention and is now on its 6th and now stable republic . 
  if afghanistan and iraq can stabilize and defeat isis as a common foe it might forge a common identity and legitimize these infant democracy . 
  lets root for them , and give them the support they need . 
  pessimism has been wrong before . 
  but they were also some of the last states to join the union as no one lived there but cattle ranchers . 
  north dakota did n't even become a state till 1889 . 
  ehhh , better might be an overestimate . 
  when comparing the economies of the united states and canada its really relative . 
  the economy of canada is worth ~ 1.6 trillion annually . 
  the us economy is like 19 trillion annually . 
  the economic shadow the united states casts is long and canada can not escape . 
  if the us is doing badly , then so is canada by sheer economic gravity . 
  at the same time if canada is doing badly , it might not effect the us in any significant way . 
  so its really a matter of the relationship . 
  lol , what are you a frightened mouse ? 
  im sure you will be safe in america , you can stop quivering in your booty 's when you put on your big boy pants . 
  first off your referring to `` oldest surviving buildings '' this is not what we define as civilization , these are cave structures , loose fitting non mortared structures and worked/refined underground caves , most of the oldest surviving buildings are underground burial mounds . 
  meaning if cultures did not bury their dead or did not have cave systems near by , ie most river civilizations , they would not have created tombs save for kings as monumental architectural . 
  if we are going by the classical definition of a constant lineage of civilization.this would mean civilizations that achieved.agriculture , cities , rule of law , art , text and writing , public works , long distance trade , and political structures . 
  ie those civilizations whose customs , art and traditions can be dated with a direct link to certain civilizations today then you are left with the , mesopotamian civilizations between the tigris and euphrates ( iraq and iran ) , nile valley civilizations ( egypt and sudan ) , indus valley civilization ( afghanistan , pakistan , india ) , yangtze river civilizations ( china ) . 
  if we are going back to traceable art , political structures , texts and writing then yes the earliest civilizations would have been in the middle east , india , china and possibly , meso-america , it did not have long distance trade for obvious reasons with other civilizations but filled all other criteria . 
  europe did n't really have a major documentable civilization till the greeks of the classical age . 
  to give you an example of how much time had passed between the bronze and classic age , alexander the great was born in ~ 323bc . 
  the works of the pyramids at giza and the great bathhouse at mohenjo-daro were from ~ 2500 bc .
