  if a company can only be a `` social media '' company then its never going to have the chance to imagine the next big thing which could be a hybrid or an entirely new concept . 
  imagine if we defined social media in the time of myspace and aol messenger would facebook , twitter , snapchat , or tumbler and everything else exist , would they even be legal under such tight constraints ? 
  i think the metaphor has taken on a life of its own . 
  friedman is a journalist for nyt not an editor , but that doesnt matter , hes an influential figure with an opinion , his unedited opinion in the opinions section , its not an official stance by the company . 
  the nyt opinion section has articles from vladmir putin to aziz ansari , the point is to allow important people a means to appeal and give their thoughts to a wider audience . 
  claiming the nyt has an official stance against france and then linking to articles in the opinion section is disingenuous . 
  easy to criticize harder to govern . 
  oh boy , bound to happen soon or later boys , england get the cot ready . 
  france , try to stay up right this time , ill get my gun and plane ticket ... cant go 50 years without a land war brewing in europe . 
  well if that 's the case the people of paris will be in for quiet the shock when the maxims start opening up because an imaginary line on a map was drown at their front doors . 
  all good constitutions have a mechanism for evolution . 
  your link literally says right there at the top of your link : opinion . 
  its an opinion article not written or edited by the nyt but published by the editor because someone of significance has written in on the subject . 
  this is not the first time an opinion piece has been taken as a nyt official article on this subreddit . 
  do french and european news outlets not have an opinion page ? 
   why does the nyt care about this story ? 
  because they sell news and this sounds like news ? 
  nasa vs esa : sudden death !, 
  yah its always our fault , not like putin is going to respect said no fly zone that turkey wants . 
  what then ? 
  us fighters have to scramble to from incirlik to make sure russian fighters cant launch strikes in syria . 
  they gon na have shoot down orders ? 
  no one is shooting anyone down over syria . 
  you want to start wwiii because a bunch of brown people are going to berlin !, 
  turkey and the eu dont have the forces to enforce that no fly zone , which means america will have to redeploy interceptors and create a red line just to make the russian 's think twice about it . 
  american boys are n't going to shoot russian boys over this and thats the right call imo . 
  what german military capabilities ? 
  you mean the military with the planes that cant fly and are in such disrepair it had to borrow planes from the us , the military so strapped for cash they had to use broomsticks to represents the machine guns they dont have , during nato exercises , the army in such a poor condition that it knows its g36 rifle cant shoot straight after the barrel gets hot from expending 5 round but cant replace it because its got no funding . 
  ill be afraid of the german army when it finally has bunker buster capability . 
  till then they are a write off , dont have the arms and munition to hold the russians for 48 hours without dipping into us strategic reserves . 
  this german army is n't even the shadow of the shadow of former german armies . 
  even your own italian military is in much better shape then the bundeswehr , hell the poles would probably wipe the floor with the current german military in a cross boarder land war . 
  this is retarded , there are millions of pictures uploaded to facebook everyday , mark zuckerberg doesnt just sit their banning your dick pics all day . 
  they probably use a program which looks for pixel color variation to determine `` nudity '' then bans images which it thinks are nudes . 
  this whole process is probably so automated that no person actually banned the authors accounts or censored the pm . 
  what do these people want a program that bans `` bad '' nudes but not `` historical '' nudes . 
  what it now does a google image search on every dick pic to determine if this guys junk is important to history . 
  fucking non-programmers complaining about shit that probably took thousands of lines of code to write . 
  norway can suck a cock if it thinks facebook has 30,000 lines of code to determine historical context shoved somewhere up its ass . 
   if an eu-wide army would be created to replace all national armies you know that impossible right ? 
  you either get a eu army and national armies , or no eu army and national armies . 
  there is no way you are going to convince anyone of dismantling their national armies . 
  so you either spend the 1 % more to fund this eu army or you dont get it . 
  there is no way a country will sacrifice national budget for the eu army . 
   no eu member state but france has a tradition of foreign-policy activism of the military kind well now that we have apparently erased european history from 17th to 19th century , lol . 
  scramble for africa what ? 
   no , that was only uk and france . 
  that 's most of the eus current power so ... 
  believe me we tried the `` isolate yourself from the worlds problems and playing total defense '' strategy . 
  we tried it in ww1 from 1914-1917 and we tried it again in ww2 from 1939/1937 ( depending on when you think the war starts ) -1941 . 
  problems in the outside world always come to roost and unlike us you guys dont have 2 big moats and only 2 sane neighbors . 
  you guys got the geographic lottery of russia to the east , north africa to the south and the middle east in the south east , with an ocean everywhere else putting you in a corner . 
  sometimes its better to nip a problem in the bud then play d and watch it fester till its uncontrollable . 
  well duh , the end of world war 2 meant the end of the european imperialist system and the beginning of the us hegemonic system . 
  the us does have a greater say in international institutions . 
  but to say the us dictates the foreign policy of other nations is bs . 
  are there consequences to not following us policy , yes there is a reason the first , second , and third world are not just political but economic terms . 
  but that is the choice of individual nations . 
  india for example used to be a leader in the third world non-aligned movement . 
  but as it became clear that isolation leads to economic stagnation , it became increasingly clear that aligning ones self with the us and her allies leads to great economic opportunities . 
  at the same time has europe not done well under pax-americana ? 
  your cities were rebuilt , your economies are once again prosperous , and the world overall has been more peaceful then it has been since ... ever . 
  there was nothing stopping the us from continuing the imperialist system and turning western europe , north africa , and asia/pacific into the us empire in 1945 , similar to what the soviet union did to central asia , eastern europe , and south east asia . 
  instead im glad we chose a new system that seems more beneficial to the world . 
  that has benefited much of the world to a greater degree then any system tried before it . 
  tl ; dr : down throw the baby out with the bath water just because you disagree with some aspects of the current international system . 
  the us bases in italy and germany predate nato , im fairly sure kicking out the us from nato does not change the end of war treaty with either country or japan . 
  europe in general has n't paid its fair share into nato since since 1990 ... pot calling the kettle black i see . 
  taiwan is a country of 23 million , ireland is just under 5 million . 
  edit : to be clear ireland is not a small , island nation it is the smaller end of the big island nations . 
  small island nations are countries like micronesia , which is amde of 600 islands , 4 of which hold the countries 103,000 inhabitants . 
  micronesia isnt even the smallest of the nations : tuvalu , saint kitts and nevis , dominica are all examples of smaller island nations . 
  most of which reside in the caribbean and the pacific . 
  i dont know how its done in germany , but in the us its always `` seasonally adjusted '' for vacation time , part timers , christmas output glut , ect . 
  if it is adjusted then that factor is accounted for . 
  also what about interventions ? 
  can the eu army be used domestically ? 
  if a country falls to a populist or demagogue , does the new army have the authority to intervene ? 
  that just sounds like its going to put competition for europe 's already small military budget . 
  will europe increase its military budget to get this new army , or simply slash national military budgets to fund this new venture . 
  plz , i can spin doctor that one in a second . 
  the `` eu is a german puppet entity and the germans are once again pushing mother russia , will russia not answer the call to oppose this new german empire , and the puppet governments she controls under her new army ? 
  europe must be liberated , blah blah blah '' boom , russia better pay me for that one , i dont work for free . 
  but those are separate armies controlled by separate countries , there is no nato army . 
  yes per capita is important . 
  however to say raw number is not equally important to the story of diaspora communities is also problematic . 
  for example lets take the uk and us and adjust the figures , assuming the original posters doubled figures . 
  uk is at 1 % population somali , us at .5 % poulation somali . 
  very large and inflated figures but it allows me to illustrate my point . 
  the total population of course is very different , the uk is 65 million , the us 320 million . 
  so 1 % of the uk population is 650 thousand ,650000 . 
  on the other hand .5 % of the us population is 1.6 million . 
  that is alot more room for ethnic artists , food , and business to grow in . 
  per capita figures tend effect smaller countries as even a small wave will change the demographics considerably . 
  large countries tend to see raw numbers as more useful as even a large wave wont change the overall demographics to much but will greatly change the makeup of small communities or form the creation of new communities and settlements . 
  this is especially true in larger , underpopulated countries like the united states , canada , or australia . 
  in the us most of the somali population has settled in the minneapolis , minnesota area . 
  which has greatly changed the surrounding area 's culturally . 
   indeed there are almost double the number of somalis in britain as in the usa . 
  the somali diaspora in the united states numbers some ~ 155,000 .
