  the us , central europe , western europe , or russia was going to win man and in the other 3 ideologies someone was clearly the loser . 
  if you lived in asia , you loathed western european imperial-mercantilism , if you lived in eastern europe you hated authoritarian-communism , and everyone hated the central european fascist-dirigism . 
  who really hates us hegemonic-capitalism considering the alternatives ? 
  unless your north korean this is better then any of the alternatives man . 
  not saying its perfect , just sayin it aint so bad . 
  as opposed to the other dominant ideologies , yes . 
  i dont know where your from but small countries have always had to adjust to the decisions of larger ones . 
  im sure you are more independent under hegemonic-capitalism , then if you lived under the other 3 prevailing ideologies of the 21st century . 
  im sure the french and british lament the end of imperial-mercantilism but the indians and vietnamese are very happy with the empires fall . 
  just as eastern european is very happy with the end of authoritarian-communism ... and i think we can all agree , including the central europeans , that fascism was a shit idea . 
   you guys ca n't even get into space now without paying the russians corrected too , we currently have no * civilian * way of getting into space , us space command uses 3 different types of rockets . 
  the us has also effectively commercialized leo , first country to do it and very proud of that i might add , we are now building or [ mars rocket ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_launch_system ) . 
  also we can get into space with stuff like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boeing_x-37 ) . 
   ( which is slightly older ) . 
  the f-16 made its full military introduction in 1978 , the eurofighter made its first full introduction in 2003 . 
   some might say the f-35 but realistically that 's having constantly problems all the time . 
  teething problems , there isnt a complex machine in the world that didnt go through numerous bugs before it was solved , eurofighter and f-16 included . 
  its the nature of the beasts . 
  get to the moon commie and then you can talk about barbarism and superiority . 
  long explanation but at the end of the day , stealth fighter combat outside of visual range has proven to be the more effective fighting scenario . 
  fighter jets no long fight through maneuver and counter maneuver . 
  they fight like submarines , where patience and stealth are more important then gs pulled and bauble canopy . 
  tell that to countries like south korea , panama , and honduras . 
  sometimes we do shitty shit , but all in all i think most can agree its better to live under us hegemonic-capitalism , then the other idelogies of the world . 
  not too many people were fond of imperial-mercantilism , fascist-dirigism , or authoritarian-communism . 
  ill take hegemonic-capitalism over those others any day , of course i am bias coming from the hegemon . 
  but im going to doubt the others are anywhere near as popular . 
  interesting fact : english ( and most other languages in the world ) got the word kimono from japan . 
  true , but will france put in the money and personnel for an eu carrier group.will less maritime countries with no oversea 's holdings like germany pay ? 
  thats alot of money , and would be a major expansion of the eu . 
  as a force with actual teeth would need a massive budget . 
  the current eu budget is , smaller then india 's national budget , for this to work the start up capital has to be enormous . 
  i cant see this getting past a paper tiger unless the nations of europe really spend more money.a lot more money . 
   but if you want to go with semantics , the war in iraq was n't a `` police action '' . 
  it was an invasion . 
  that sounds more accurate in this case yes . 
  i doubt many nations in the eu will give up their power to act unilaterally . 
  a downgrade to territorial forces would mean a significant loss of national sovereignty and i doubt such a move is in the cards . 
  france will not give its aircraft carriers to the eu so the eu can project power . 
  it will be a case where the `` national guard '' is by far more powerful then the collective force . 
  us does not require the ears to be visible as can be seen here by accetpable us passport photo standards : http://photos.state.gov/libraries/india/482942/malikg/photo%20guidance%20brochure.pdf, 
  here here . 
  i agree, 
   of course , such an army would n't be able to deploy troops in imperialistic operations like the us did in iraq ... militarist wars / police action wars , are not imperial wars . 
  for iraq to have been an imperialist war certain criteria would need to have been fulfilled . 
  1 ) the intention would have been for the us military to remain in iraq indefinitely . 
  either through colonization , ex british raj , or through annexation , russia in crimea . 
  neither of which occurred or were ever the stated intention of the united states . 
  2 ) the united states would have needed to set up a puppet regime , ex vichy france . 
  the fact that the us government has had so little control of the iraq government is very telling of how sectarian and violently tribalistic iraq society is when presented with fair elections as the un has confirmed occurred in iraq . 
  the us would have needed to vet the candidates and decided on who could and could not run , or would have needed to form the government outright for this to be fulfilled . 
  3 ) control of the means of the production , labor , and capital . 
  in an imperialist system this done through repression , and the taking of resources without fair compensation , ex belgian congo . 
  the us is not mercantilists , but capitalist . 
  this means the us sets up markets and trade with defeated enemies . 
  first pumping capital into the country , ex marshall plan , then setting up markets to buy american goods and vice versa , ex include panama , south korea , and micronesia . 
  the us is a hegemony not an empire , it primary means of hard power occur in the form of police-actions not imperial conquests . 
  nit picking i know but the correct terminology is needed here as the goals are not the same . 
  in a good imperialist end game the region is under control and resources are flowing back to the mother country without hindrance . 
  i a good police action end game , the mother country has pulled its forces out of the country and trade flows without hindrance . 
  i point this out because the goals need to be defined and defined well , something that iraq was not . 
   atm a lot of the budget is spent on each country 's army . 
  unless nations are going to disband their national militaries , no money will actually be saved . 
  this army will be cheaper then the national army on per unit basis , but you still have to raise the funds to maintain both . 
  there is no way to reduce your military budget by creating a second army . 
  thats a pipe dream . 
  there really is no other reason , unless the nations of europe are going to disband their national armies to go all in on a european army there will be no savings . 
  i have never heard of a nation spending less on their military by creating a second army . 
  that would be true if the eu army was a replacement for national armies . 
  they are not , they are an extra layer of military bureaucracy on top of the national army . 
  any savings gained by the eu buying in bulk would be negated by the shared budget of the national army . 
  europe will save nothing because it will then have to maintain 2 armies unless you are wiling to disband the national army , which i doubt will happen . 
  so your going to depend on western europe ? 
  because id like to direct you to european history from 1930 to 1939 on how that worked out for eastern europe . 
  ehhh , it would certainly save us money to get out of nato , if we reduce the budget or send those forces to our asia-pacific allies is another matter . 
  but nato is certainly a drain on us resources with little in terms of matching european contributions to the alliance . 
  military budgets were slashed in the us from 1990 to 2001 , then went up after 9/11 and the iraq war and have been steadily dropping again . 
  i think you are putting to much emphasis on lobbying power . 
  or pull it out , if the eu doesnt want us whats the point ? 
  our asia-pacific allies arent trying to throw us out like europe . 
  not point staying if were not wanted , good luck with russia . 
  dont call us if shit goes down well call you , 
  nobody does want to invade you , who the hell wants to invade russia anymore . 
  we in the us still dont understand why napolean and hitler did . 
  who the hell wants fronzen tundra ? 
  my job is irrelevant , just a practitioner of realpolitik . 
  indeed most americans think of them as weirdly colorful people . 
  there was a show called my big fat american gypsy wedding on tlc . 
  got alot of attention.for the most part they live in permanent residences and have regular jobs . 
  the ones that do still practice the nomadic lifestyle have created their own niche by becoming circus travelers , and operators of state fairs . 
  state fairs are a big deal in alot of us states , but the size of us states means they move every month or so to another part of the state . 
  romani americans have filled in this void and have set up companies and lifestyles around this way of life . 
  this was also a show but i forgot the name of it . 
  except no one wants to invade you . 
  you invaded on this one , and you did n't just invade you annexed . 
  wtf is this , 1939 sudetenland called , it wants its imperial tactics back . 
   also we 're not allies , 4 years ago you probably did n't even know ukraine existed . 
  no need to be snide.yes i know where ukraine is . 
  but we are allies post 1991 . 
  we have supported ukraine 's bid to join nato since 1994 , and have good relations with the country for many years .
