  not so in ukraine , the georgia wars proved to be a good training ground and the military execution russia played with its little green men was perfect . 
  russia took the peninsula so fast the us and eu were caught with their pants down . 
  this coupled with russia 's air force experience in syria , russian troops are just as battle hardened as their us counterparts at this point . 
  it got glossed over in the us and created a lot of mockery in the european press , which the us press then picked up . 
  i am just not sure why it played so badly though ? 
  was it a us president with a saudi king , was it the presence of the egyptians ? 
  the ridiculous architectural choice of the orb ? 
  seems like a odd thing , given that is the photo everyone will remember about this trip . 
  as an american i am not sure why the orb thing has gone down so badly in europe . 
  it was the three leaders touching the orb outside the new global center for combating extremist ideology . 
  seems like a right direction sort of move , in order to learn about terrorists you must study terrorists . 
  why has europe reacted so negatively to the photo ? 
  hey ... it was a style choice , green was tr\u00e8s chic in 1933 when restoration was going on , brown was so 1930 ... 
  the ussr does n't exist , just like the russia of the 90 's does n't exist . 
  since 2008 we have had a russia which has taken parts of georgia and literally annexed crimea . 
  russia is not the ussr but as far as successor states go , the apple did not fall far from the tree . 
  i agree france needs major reform and just elected a guy with no experience and a non-existant party in the legislature . 
  and this is what he 's doing with his time ? 
  the 39 year old french president with no experience and no party in the legislature is wasting brain cells and time on handshakes with trump , and how to show him up in press meetings and the french gobble it up like degualle liberated paris ... 
  the point then would be to fill a gap and fill it well . 
  be it a very small regular army , with an outsized logistics division , or minesweepers , or sappers , or medical corp , or a goddamn high speed barbed wire laying division . 
  it does n't get them off scott-free , it just means they wont have a well rounded army , which they would n't have regardless of the nato 2 % goal . 
  to bad he did n't invent a better auto-correct a true genius that man will be when auto-correct is always correct . 
  clinton 's trouble was not with yeltzin , it was his failure to see that the collapsed soviet union needed what was essentially a 2nd marshall plan . 
  there is a reason why the russian mob controls so much of russia 's economy , why the kgb became the ruling oligarchs , and why the relationship never become friendly . 
  russia went into free fall in the 90 's and clinton was a domestic policy guy , his failure to help transition russia and yeltsy 's constant drunken stupor did not help matters . 
  say what you will but a foreign policy expert like bush sr. may have been the better option in this regard . 
  to be fair bill clinton may have been road scholar , but he was also a country bumpkin from arkansas , a man known for the phrase `` mac attack '' , who like trump was elected for domestic policy . 
  no one had to tell reagan , who practically schemed with thatcher on a nightly basis or bush sr. whose time as head of the cia meant he knew the people at gchq and mi5/mi6 on a first name basis . 
  [ the rate of movement isnt even close ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2016/10/us-geographic-mobility/504968/ ) and thats just americans moving in america this does not count those moving to the united states , which is about twice that of those moving to the eu , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_net_migration_rate . 
  it a cultural matter , americans in general are far more transient then there hearth-and-home european counterparts which is part of labor markets and culture of the us . 
  us students move much farther from home to got o school and to work , its cultural . 
  like i said when and if europe moves at the rate americans move you will find this phenomenon as well . 
  every us president has tried to restart relations with russia , from clinton and yeltsin being drunk all damn day together to obama and the `` russian reset '' . 
  only bush jr ever got a working relationship with russia . 
  bring it on ... us capitalistic freaks are already ready to capitalize the kuiper belt . 
  das capitalism greatest - ism !, 
  thats ridiculous , all drugs flow from rich to poor countries.the us-mexico drug relationship is not exceptional in that regard . 
  thats like blaming germany and french drug addicts for violent crimes done in drug producing sierra leone . 
  its a tv channel all legal im good , its the guys who make * the americans * and * fargo *, 
  ehh ... every simpsons episode is online from fx . 
  the masses have been sated with bread and circuses !, 
  money can be taken through pillaging ... oil can not . 
   except america and canada of course . 
  because their countries wo n't be devestated and their populations wo n't be killed and there 's plenty bucks to be made . 
  ... wow ... sorry your geography sucks ? 
  iraq was not a nato operation though . 
  we are a special snowflake !, 
  that 's one scary bush you got there mr.mattis, 
  escapism is an art form that flourished in the wake of the great depression and wwi and was part of the arts movement of many countries . 
  c.s lewis and j.r.r. 
  tolkien were part of the british escapism movement for example . 
  it uses high fantasy and allegorical references to depict daily struggle and the horrors modern society has forced upon its populace . 
  ie wwi and the great depression t.v shows of today do not use that style . 
  many t.v shows are literally about the job ( detective shows , hospital shows , lawyer shows , ect ) . 
  other shows like the ones your referring to ( * friends * , * how i met your mother * , ect ) are about relationships . 
  work would simply not be a factor in 30 minute show about people who interact outside of work . 
  if your going to rail on american society as deluded thinking people live in third world gulags while dreaming of houses on t.v. 
  you could at least have the decency to have sourced your artistic critique . 
  im from chicago buddy ... those are fighting words around here !, 
  well to be fair only one of them has access to a world ending amount of nuclear weapons and barring that an ability to practice power politics in a way that could make half the world burn in the process . 
  amerindia ... truly the ruler of our media based world . 
  born ready !, 
  so spit out some challenges already !, 
  clinton ? 
  and george w bush senior was well respected at the very least if not outright liked . 
   challenge . 
  everything is a challenge to them challenge accepted !, 
  your moving the goal post now.hes compared yemen , the poorest country in the middle east to the us , so that does not fit your criteria . 
  and hes comparing safety . 
  of which i would consider aruba , fiji , latvia , or thailand safe countries . 
  well , yah you can do that too in the inner cities , most violence is gang on gang and violence in the us is at the same rate as latvia and fiji . 
  unless your deadly afraid of riding your bike in those two countries due to crime , your fears are unjustified . 
  personally i think foreign tv stations buy us shows but without the context of living in the us you get the feeling the weekly crime drama with a mass murder getting 4 people a week is normal in the us . 
  i remember going back to india to visit family , im from chicago , which somehow meant everyone thought i dodged bullets on a daily basis , what ?!, 
  ive never even seen a gun let alone heard a gunshot.the number of `` experts '' on us problems far out ways the number of people who have actually been to the us . 
  yah ... you would not do that in the us.our cities are laid out differently , the inner city is not downtown , midtown , ect . 
  the equivalents are different . 
  the equivalent to downtown and midtown in us cities is the central city in paris or westminster in london.the inner city is similar to the second ring of suburbs in paris , or the north suburbs in london . 
  the rich west suburbs of paris are more of what we think of suburbs in the us . 
  in europe the center of the old city is generally the most expensive part of town with the newer part of the city where business is and suburbs around the industry and airports where the poor live . 
  in the us the center of the old city is where the inner city is , downtown is where the business is , midtown is where people live and the airports and surrounding area holds the rich suburbs . 
  us cities have room to grow , farmland and virgin land , where european cities generally have to eat suburbs to grow bigger . 
  the center of the city changes over the years in the us where european cities generally cant grow as quickly due to land restrictions , instead of replacing ageing infrastructure , its cheaper to just rebuild a couple of km away in us . 
  us homicide rate 3.9 per 100,000 inhabitants , now its no japan at .3 per 100,000 inhabitants . 
  but its definitely no yemen , whose in the middle of a civil war and has not actually had an official homicide rate since half the country started shooting at the other half of the country . 
  if you want to be accurate you could say the us homicide rate is the same as aruba , fiji , latvia , or thailand . 
  but that does not illustrate your point . 
  matter of perspective really . 
  you could easily argue baghdad , varanasi , beijing , cairo ect or even cities that no longer exist like karakorum , the capital of the mongol empire . 
  all of which like rome and paris have had ups and downs . 
  new york is a legitimate answer as well in many regard . 
  what it lacks in lineage it gains in modern city planning and the simple fact that it has emerged as the `` worlds city '' in a time of unprecedented global politics . 
  being the defacto capital of the world through the un , and its power as a permanent chair member of the us federal reserve means it has more power then even rome or paris in its hayday , more then 800 languages are spoken daily there and it is the city which has the largest foreign born population in the world and largest number of foreign born students in the world . 
  no one of course is going to argue its economic and cultural contributions but more then that it is this worlds global city and that simply can not be ignored . 
  depends on time . 
  in the 13th century baghdad was the center of the universe.then the mongols came and now its ... rougher, 
  ... i knew the nhs had a waiting list but a 7 year wait for a bleeding arse !, 
  he stole her heart ... national treasure 14 : a romantic comedy . 
  a great tid-bit but creating a foreign policy based on a small community movement from before 1939 ... seems to be a stretch .
