  agreed i too was for a free trade agreement with the eu . 
  it makes sense . 
  i know we are similar , just as we are similar in some ways to the japan , korea , most of western europe , canada and australia . 
  but there is no denying there are greater similarities to the rest of the anglo world then to germany . 
  alot of germans ended up in the midwest this is true , but they assimilated into american culture . 
  the similarities are there but no more so then the japanese who immigrated to the west coast , or the latinos who assimilated into the rio grande . 
  yes and now all those german immigrates speak english and changed their names post world war 1 and 2 . 
  but to say the uk and us are less culturally similar then the uk and germany is too far . 
  the us and uk share a common language and mode of thinking , their stars are our stars . 
  tv shows , music , theater , and other forms of culture are easily shared as there is no language barrier . 
  germany has always felt a strong connection to the uk from its saxon heritage this is true . 
  but to say the uk is closer to germany then to the us is unrealistic . 
  uk theater wins tony awards in the us , their movies dont count in the `` foreign film '' section for the oscars , the us and uk music charts are often parallels of each other . 
  there is a reason american stars end up on the graham norton show , while uk stars hit the us late night circuit but do n't show up for the german show , which i do n't know , which is telling in its own right . 
  that was thought to be true till freedom of information act revealed a secret pact between the thatcher and reagan governments . 
  in them the us agreed to loan the uss iwo jima to the uk , should the hms invincible or hms hermes be sunk or damaged . 
  this included retired us personnel to run the ship as contractors as well as us versions of the sea harriers which could be used for the ship and uk pilots knew how to operate . 
  the uk was far from any of its own bases and documents revealed that any uk ships damaged or in need of repair could use us docks at guantanamo bay , cuba as well as ascension island . 
  the thatcher government also requested 105 of the latest sidewinder missiles . 
  these missiles were so new they did not have enough for the us forces stationed in germany.they had to be stripped from us aircraft and shipped off to the uk for the task force to use . 
  for a good 6 months the uk had better missiles then the us even though they were us missiles . 
  the us also provided intelligence support to the uk although that was already known when it was publicly acknowledged on april 30th 1982 . 
  when the us was caught supplying the positions of the french surface to air missiles to the british . 
  http://nsarchive.gwu.edu/nsaebb/nsaebb374/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_iwo_jima_ ( lph-2 ) https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2002/sep/06/falklands.world, 
  this is absolute bullshit , the harvard business school only looks at it from an economic perspective . 
  but the `` special relationship '' goes far beyond just economic . 
  we culturally are closer to the uk , canada , australia , and new zealand then we are too germany . 
  the day germany is allowed to drop a nuke for testing on us soil , are invited into 5 eyes alliance , are able to get a smithsonian museum ( only ones outside us are in uk ) , are allowed a tier one weapons contractor by the us ( bae is the only foreign tier one , ssip ) , and can get a promise of a free carrier and the latest us missiles before the us even gets them ( falkland war , the uss iwo jima and sidewinder missiles ) , are allowed first dibs at all our latest tech ( f35 , drone tech , processors ) and a whole host of other concessions is the day i will be believe this . 
  our media and the uk media freaks out if the president and prime minister are n't best friends . 
  we lament anything that might end the special relationship even symbolically . 
  hell it was a huge scandal when obama moved the bust of winston churchill from the oval office to the grand treaty room . 
  besides this article by hbr is written by volker r. berghahn a german . 
  the world is different , for one there was no talk of `` ever closer union '' . 
  the uk signed up for free trade agreement . 
  not common currency , common foreign policy , brussels bureaucracy , ect . 
  the eu went to far for the uk public to bare . 
  free trade and trade blocks will be important in the new century , super states wont be . 
  they have exclusive control of certain aspects , ie marriage , which they no longer have total control over , education , land rights ect . 
  the us legislative can overrule state legislatures , the president can executive order governors into action and the supreme court is higher then any district court . 
  the us is very much a federal system . 
  if new york left then yes they would be fine , if they left like the uk did which is impossible . 
  if new york seceded from the union it would be civil war and an occupation of new york would mean it would not be okay . 
  there is a big difference from the way a us state would leave vs an eu country . 
  so it is no where close to the same thing . 
  the us is an indivisible union the eu is voluntary one . 
  it was the 1970s , the stagflation years . 
  everyone was doing poorly and the post war boom was at its end . 
  to say the eu or the eec was the deciding factor in pulling the uk economy out of recession ignores the fact that by 1975 , the us , japan , canada , and australia were also growing again , and at a much faster rate then europe . 
  but the big thing was that the eu/eec of the 1970s is not the eu of today with the euro being the big change . 
  lets be honest here the uk along with the us and japan have grown rather well in comparison to the rest of the eu nations tied to the euro since the financial crisis of 2008 . 
  the euro has become a failed experiment in growth and has been terrible for european crisis management , tieing down nations like greece and spain who in the past could simply let the market float their currencies till they were worth what they are worth . 
  the euro has done no favors to the nations of europe , save germany who now has an undervalued currency . 
  amputate the arm to save the patient , kill the euro before it kills europe . 
  plz , ever since the crimean war every nation of europe at some point in time has been labeled , `` the sick man of europe '' . 
  besides it was the 1970 's the whole world was going through economic recession , especially during the oil crisis years in 1970-1973 . its not like france , germany , the united states , or japan were doing any better during that decade . 
  saying the uk joining the eec was the decisive factor leading the uk out of the crisis does not explain the rise of the united states , india , china , or japan from 1975 onward . 
  the uk wants to be part of a free trade zone , whats wrong with that . 
  it makes sense for both the uk and the eu , its not like its even unprecedented . 
  its the same relationship the nations of nafta currently have . 
  having the freedom of movement and the eu regulatory body has just been messy . 
  the eu was far more successful when it was a free trade zone , then it got greedy and decided it wanted to become a larger economy then the united states and to do that had to let in ten piss pot nations , adding to its gdp , but at the cost of unity . 
  this federalization idea is killing the eu , but the europe cant see the forest from the trees and because of it has lost the title of largest economy in the world it tried so hard to become . 
  crisis occurs , eu response `` ever closer union '' ... 
  this is getting ridiculous the uk existed long before the eu , and did just fine , ^ the ^ way ^ things ^ are ^ going ^ it ^ will ^ probably ^ exist ^ long ^ after ^ the ^ eu ^ too . 
  why people on this subreddit think , or wish , for the uk to go down in fire ball for leaving the eu are starting to sound insane . 
  the eu is not the end all be all of anything , the uk is a net contributor to the eu , it will have short term shock and then rational thought will set in once the market realizes this is n't the end of the world . 
  they left , that does n't mean the uk is going to go tumbling down to 3rd world country somalia because they left the eu , the importance of the eu economically can only go so far to a net contributing country . 
  i get you guys do n't like they left but this is starting to look more like the 5 stages of grief then rational thought . 
  this is nuts the uk isnt dying and the eu took a hit to its `` ever closer union '' idea . 
  this is the end of no ones world . 
  hes right by your definition the us could still fall under a confederation . 
  the difference comes from the finality of sovereignty . 
  in a confederation the individual states have the final say in matters , the right too leave the union , and are still considered the final decision makers of sovereign issues , ie a state court can overrule a national court . 
  within its boarders . 
  federation like the us and canada still have states and provinces but the final say is federal , states font have the right to leave the union , and the final acts of sovereignty are derived at a national level , ie us supreme court overrules all state courts . 
   `` strictly defined , but stong rights to lead eu foreign policy regarding large entities like russia , china , the united states and india , while of course preserving the foreign policy of each individual member state . '', 
  these are literally two opposite statements . 
  the eu is going to define the relationship europe has with the big dogs , but will let everyone have different foreign policies for little countries . 
  oh that is going to work so well and not send mixed messages in the slightest . 
  you ... have my upvote . 
  it should be noted that standards & poors has always been far more reactionary , twitchy , and quick to downgrade then moodys or fitch . 
  back in 2011 standards and poors downgraded the us credit rating from aaa to aa + during the government shutdown . 
  of course now people laugh at this decision by standards and poors , they looked like idiots being so quick to downgrade and given the state of the us economy , especially in comparison to the world economy , there reputation took a serious hit . 
  us bonds are flying off the market , intrest free , and standards and poors give you a aa + . 
  makes no sense but they got scared and paid a price for it . 
  as such its not a big deal if one credit agency downgrades , especially standards and poors , they flinch far to easily . 
  it is a problem if all three agency 's downgrade so look for that . 
  the reaction of moodys and fitch will be far more of an indicator . 
  no , im saying it would be quicker to negotiatie . 
  the eu is much larger and more complicated beurocratically then the uk is . 
  a us-uk agreement could be as simple as an expansion of the nafta agreement , which would then include canada ^ and ^ mexico . 
   have you looked at how much they trade with the us , and how much with the eu ? 
  its not mutually exclusive . 
  are you saying the eu will retaliate if the us negotiates a free trade agreement with the uk . 
  hard to take this seriously when the very next article below is `` who needs britain anyway '' ... sounds more like the stages of grief, 
  politicians say what they are supposed to say . 
  if cameroon asked for a favor and said say this then he would probably say it . 
  but i highly doubt the uk would go to `` the back of the line '' . 
  the political blowback from republicans would be to great and even democrats would be lukewarm about leaving the uk in the cold.its an untenable position in america , leave the uk out in the cold would be to unpopular . 
  polls says the us would give them a trade agreement rather quickly .
