  the facilities needed to build a nuclear weapon go far beyond the infrastructure needed for civilian use . 
  enriching material to the level of weapons grade is not a cheap , easy , or a quick matter . 
  it would take germany a year to build the enrichment facility at least , if they go ahead and crash course it . 
  besides how is germany not independent ? 
  we dont go around asking germany for tribute , impressing their people into our armies , or even make them join our wars . 
  if they are a vassal state then they suck at their job , and we would have pillaged them by now according to old imperial play book . 
  this is the hegemonic system not the imperial system man , stop living in the past with your vassal states and empires . 
  were america , we make you our ally ... by bombing your people and cities to the ground , invading your country and then instituting infrastructure projects and democratic governments . 
  its worked from japan to panama , germany to korea and we are a stubborn bunch so were gon na keep doing it . 
  believe !!, 
  yah , coal producing parts of every country are going to have to get used to the idea that their children may not be miners like their fathers and grand fathers . 
  coal is on the outs, 
  there is a lot of opposition in some parts of the us though . 
  in the south west there is so much sunlight that it makes sense , but then you have states like west virginia , where so much of the economy relies on coal that it becomes an intransigent topic of discussion . 
  to be fair 81 million is big but not that big . 
  germany is the 17th largest country in the world by population , largest in europe barring russia.for comparison the 3 largest countries in the world , both china and india have a billion people , the united states has 325 million people . 
  perspective . 
  pfft , every president since reagan has complained about this , change i can doubt in . 
  uk/russian relations were bad long before there was an america buddy . 
  you cant blame us for you and the ruskies not getting on . 
  and not following the guidelines pisses off those that do follow the suggestion . 
  its not a hard stretch to say this is a free rider problem . 
  2 % is n't unreasonable . 
  the us with 350 million people and a huge economy is going to have a bigger military at 2 % then a denmark with 5 million people and a smaller economy . 
  but denmark can then say by the metrics that its pulling its weight . 
  to be fair , there are certain things that cant be defended against . 
  like belgium against a german invasion , or ukraine and russia . 
  the outcome is predetermined . 
  larger countries would not even break into a sweat while a the smaller one fights for its life . 
  there isnt much a minnow can do against a whale . 
  greece if you can believe is the other i believe . 
   does n't change the fact that the uk does not `` pay to protect germany '' . 
  eeeehhhhhhh military politics is more complicated then that i mean thats a fairly blanket statement but to say germany does not greatly benefit from the us , uk , and french forces is a bit much . 
  i find it very telling that putin moved on the ukraine crisis the very next month after the last us tank battalion left europe . 
  i could not have escaped putin calculations that the us could not pull a double down and send tanks into kiev to create an loc in ukraine . 
  but that was a multipolar world with conflict among the great powers ( germany,austria-hungary , britain , japan , the us , france , italy , ottoman turks , and russia ) all competing against each other , while none of them in particular was so far ahead they could be proclaimed the outright strongest . 
  we still live in a unipolar world , china and russia are strong by they are still not global in there ability to power project , nor do they have the soft power the ussr did . 
  so far the largest powers , the us , russia and china have no interest in a shooting war with each other . 
  relations are alot friendlier between the two biggest powers the us and china then they were during the cold war between the us and ussr . 
  i doubt a shooting war will start between the great powers , not when its far better to fight in shadows and through hybrid warfare . 
  smaller countries may suffer for this , but its better then ww3 . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  did we even read the same paper ? 
  or is evidence to much of a hassle for you . 
  like i said , if you got better data , by all means but until then im gon na go with this as the best estimate for such things . 
  because its technically unfeasible without building a rbust continent wide firewall . 
  you cant just stop data , its not like you know where the data is always coming from or going too , not without the infrastructure china has invested in controlling what the population can and can not see on the net . 
  so thats why you voted brexit ... 
  the eus stated goal is to encompass all of europe . 
  its in the name european union . 
  its not `` some of europe union '' or `` europe west of warsaw '' . 
  your periphery and stated future expansion goals are in turmoil because russia moved quickly , decisively , and strategically . 
  the eu made blunders in both conflicts . 
  war games are a series of what ifs , and the guys that are paid to think up these what ifs say the russian qrf would take the baltic before nato could do anything about it . 
  if you have better estimates im all ears but i would take the study over no evidence at all . 
  ignoring it is just burying your head in the sand and repeating ... `` yurop stronk , russia sucks '' . 
  it could but the us is far more invested , in the hegemonic system . 
  to back out of our strongest security alliance would destroy all of our other security alliances and bring an end to pax-americana . 
  what signal would this send to china and japan ? 
  to south and north korea ? 
  turkey and greece ? 
  isreal and egypt ? 
  india and pakistan?america has alot more to lose by not going then by saving 5000-10000 of our boys . 
  we risk the entire post war order . 
  germany , france and the rest of europe take no such risk not defending the baltic . 
  im not a fan either , im one of the those boys in conscription age . 
  my ass will be sent to die , but if america does not go then i know a hell of alot more people are going to die and third world war would have started . 
  the eu claims time and again to bring unity to europe , to end all wars in europe , to make europe secure . 
  twice now it has failed in europe . 
  twice now it has allowed a great power to annex the land of smaller countries with no major repercussions . 
  twice now putin has outmaneuvered europe . 
  you claim this that and a bag of potato chips but from this side of the atlantic it does n't look like the eu can do much against russia , they have out maneuvered you time and again . 
  2 years ago there was grandiose talk of ukraine joining the eu after the revolution . 
  now the eu wont touch the region with a ten foot poll . 
  are you going to tell me these incidents have done no damage to the eu 's image abroad because there is a reason neither washington nor beijing take brussels seriously as a major power in the world . 
  you talk as if the eu is united , putin has shown he is very good at finding the places the eu is unable to find consensus . 
  if putin were to invade the baltic and stop would germany , france , and the rest of western europe fight a very bloody war to liberate eastern europe ? 
  history says no . 
  this would not be afghanistan were we lose 2000 in the entire war . 
  this will be like the world wars where we will lose 2000 in a single battle , and there would many battles . 
  will germany stomach those numbers , the lose of russian gas , and total war for the baltic ? 
  russia is not invading germany , or france and the eu will not invade russia , either scenario would end in total annihilation , but in the baltic , the slavic states , eastern europe wmds would be useless neither side will use them for risk of the consequences . 
  russia has twice now , in both georgia and ukraine , made the eu and europe look foolish . 
  how many times does putin have to embarrass you before europe takes him seriously . 
   it brought the world to it 's knee 's twice in 2 world wars . 
  what ? 
  europe brought itself to its knees in the two world wars . 
  the wars literally destroyed every empire in europe and paved the way for the world to move from the european imperial system to the us hegemonic system . 
  if we are going to be honest europe is relatively weaker now compared to the major powers of the us , russia , and china then it was in 1945 . 
  thats natos estimate . 
  nato commissioned a two year long war game scenario and study in which russia blitz occurred in the baltic , each time nato lost the limited war : https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/rr1200/rr1253/rand_rr1253.pdf  `` in a series of wargames conducted between summer 2014 and spring 2015 , the rand corporation examined the shape and probable outcome of a near-term russian invasion of the baltic states . 
  the games ' findings are unambiguous : as currently postured , nato can not successfully defend the territory of its most exposed members . 
  across multiple games using a wide range of expert participants in and out of uniform playing both sides , the longest it has taken russian forces to reach the outskirts of the estonian and/or latvian capitals of tallinn and riga , respectively , is 60 hours . 
  such a rapid defeat would leave nato with a limited number of options , all bad : a bloody counteroffensive , fraught with escalatory risk , to liberate the baltics ; to escalate itself , as it threatened to do to avert defeat during the cold war ; or to concede at least temporary defeat , with uncertain but predictably disastrous consequences for the alliance and , not incidentally , the people of the baltics . '', 
  yes , yes im sheeple , my opinion is different from yours and i point out inconvenient facts like america can never have simple relations with other nations because of its relative power in the world . 
  i also think chomsky is nothing more then captain hindsight so i must truly be ignorant . 
  nothing more arrogant then a person who lives 5000 miles ( 7,818 km ) away , since im on r/europe  . 
  telling you how fucked you are . 
  thank you for your singular opinion . 
  he ask for my profession and i responded .
