  based on gdp by contrast the us military only takes up 4.2 % of us gdp . 
  the economy does not greatly suffer if military spending goes down in the us . 
  we would lose more from losses in the tech sector or construction . 
  unless your name is xi jinping , vladimir putin , or now donald trump . 
  im fairly sure you were not in the first tier to begin with . 
  im fairly sure the bnd is giving the data to the nsa for access rights to the largest database in the world . 
   orange self-bronzer accident yah , you guys are gon na need may for sure if this your tactic . 
  you would be surprised , a free trade agreemwnt between the us uk and canada would become very promising if the us leaves nafta . 
  you sound like a man tired of winning !, 
  give me long term trend lines analysis !, 
  the numbers are only so useful as the us and turkey are so much younger then the rest of those countries and it only uses a median range, 
  to a point , which is why we use the economic tier systems of 1-3 world . 
  once your a developed first world economy , it is technology and not capital which is your greatest limiting factor to growth abd job crearion.in which case it is gdp , u6 unemployment , and a larger population which is a better correlator . 
  for example the bottom 10 % of americans are richer then the bottom 10 % of the rest of the first world . 
  which correlates all the way to the top . 
  ie the top 10 % of americans are richer then their 1st world counterparts , but they are so much richer there is the widest gap in wealth disparity in the us . 
  the oecd did some great numbers on this a couple of years ago . 
  europe coming together ... to find strength in numbers to form smaller kingdoms ? 
  it isnt really , ask the alt-right . 
  yah , what the hell us a true nationalist . 
  ask me a center-left nationalist ? 
  then your not old enough , if your the strongest power no one likes you . 
  no one liked the british , no one liked the mongols , no one likes anyone more then themselves . 
  your talking now of the expectations of a superpower and pax peace theory . 
  the problem of being the super power is you are expected to intervene in certain countries by the international community while being told to not interfere in the internal politics of nation-states and regional countries . 
  too use and not use your power at the same time for two very different reasons . 
  your examples spell this out . 
  us intervention in laos and vietnam were at the request of france , but was an unpopular war in france and europe in general despite this . 
  libya was led by european nato members but required the us and its resources to pull of successfully due to gaps in alliance capacity without the us . 
  so even if the us wanted to stay uninvolved as was the case , it could not . 
  it had to intervene for its allies while being criticized for not leading the war outright . 
  kosovo is probably the best example of this being told it was a european affair by eu officials until srebrenica happened . 
  then there was international outcry at the un over why the us did not do more before the crisis . 
  and why the us intervened so late in the conflict . 
  another example is rwanada where the us was under pressure to send troops by the un , eu and especially belgium , but the african union was very much against this . 
  the problem being hubris and capacity . 
  if the us has to intervene in a conflict considered an internal affair it weakens your appearance to the outside world . 
  so while the international community might want a us presence the country or regional body often does not . 
  that 's what nation states do . 
  there is no way mississippi can be in the same currency as new york or california unless these states directly give money to mississippi . 
  it happens in every federal system from germany to brazil . 
  no bond scheme , low interest rate loans , or quantitative easing can subsidize cold hard cash for poorer regions in any economic union . 
  bavaria subsidizes saarland , it must for the federal state of germany to be sustainable . 
  so must the same be done for the eu to have the euro unless someone comes up with some super ingenious plan . 
  money must flow from northern europe to southern europe . 
  the north will be a little poorer and the south will be a little richer . 
  us has jurisdiction because it was dollars used in the laundering . 
  the russians tried to launder 10 billion dollars ( us ) . 
  whose talking about taxes , im talking about apple and their nice shiny shield . 
  ill put money on the irish fighting to keep google , amazon and the bunch , would n't you . 
  yes , start seizing assets of on of the biggest employers in the country . 
  its that simple so simple the germans did it to vw ... wait . 
  want the irish to leave the eu ? 
  i doubt there going to lose such a lucrative tech market without a fight . 
  so they should wipe out last quarter profits because the eu told them too while the irish government does n't want them too . 
  i would think someone in apple is going to let the irish fight this one for them and simply not pay it , let it go to court and see who has the ultimate say in who sets taxes the eu or individual european nations.apple will put help pay the legal fees for the irish and win from a behind its legal shield . 
  immigration policy effecting 6 low-population , low-education based countries and one low medium population , medium education economy . 
  the us has 20 % of the worlds immigrant population living in its borders currently . 
  that 's a long trend line away . 
   the university rankings just happen to ignore all research where multiple universities cooperate , or an external funding source is used to fund all the research . 
  that 's not just every university in the eu , that 's every university in the world . 
  even at elite universities like mit and harvard most of the research funding comes from outside the university itself and these are billion dollar institutions . 
  once again quakers formed pennsylvania , and mormons founded utah , while virginia was created by a now long defunct corporation , georgia was founded by 3rd and 4th sons of british and french aristocracy who would not inherit land in europe . 
  california by chinese , japanese immigrants and gold miners . 
  alaska by russian orthodox fur trappers . 
  texas was formed from a war for independence against mexico/spain . 
  once again from the outside looking in its all american culture from the inside georgia brags about coca-cola , while chicago is all about oprah , and mississippi was vital to rock 'n' roll . 
  out of context foul . 
  * germany is using a `` grossly undervalued '' euro to gain advantage over the united states and its own european union partners , donald trump 's top trade adviser said * a ) it was a top trade adviser . 
  b ) its not untrue . 
  compared to the deutsche mark the euro is undervalued for germany giving them an economic advantage . 
  while being grossly overvalued for poorer economies like greece and italy causing a more acute crisis . 
  exacerbated by the fact that germany does not subsidies these poorer regions as a nation-states would do . 
  this has long been a criticism of the euro . 
  source ? 
  because everything i read says otherwise . 
  yes declaring war and sitting around for months was truly an inspiring tactic ... 
  this !, 
  i think europeans would be surprised how quickly us arguments against nato dry up if spending around 2 % became the norm rather then the exception . 
   it does n't make sense in the us , their states have no real `` validity '' . 
  makes perfect sense actually . 
  given our huge geography and large population one must break down the country into smaller , localized pockets . 
  but it is also a cultural matter . 
  while you might refer to american culture or americana as simply a single entity , in the us there are bragging rights to be had by states for those contributions . 
  g.i joe is a real american hero !, 
  you guys get to join the sister organization euroforce-bob !, 
   i never liked the usa as a political organism anyway . 
  damn us for doing nation-state stuff !, 
  i think you underestimate the amount of fuckery france has done in algeria , lebanon and syria regardless of the iraq war . 
  france was held in very low regards in all 3 countries which suffered greatly from frances colonial past . 
  i am not trolling i have simply lost faith in the eu as an institution and mentioning the eu in the united states does not evoke a sense of capacity . 
  if you can change my mind so be it . 
  i am going to defend the us position here and i know it will not be a popular stance but please read the whole thing . 
  from a us perspective the reason the eu has become less and less popular in the us is not because of the size of the eu economy and trade , its not regulations standards or because we hate peace in europe and its not because we see the eu as threatening to our hegemony , its quite the opposite . 
  since 2006 there has been a shift happening in the us as the eu looks less and less like a capable partner . 
  it is not because we see the eu as a threat , its because we see the eu as a paralyzing factor in europe making it a less capable partner . 
  the us public has lost faith in the eu as an institution . 
  since the 2006 financial crisis the eu has been seen in the us as simply unable to cope with its own economic problems . 
  where the us , japan , india and other large market driven economies were able to reform and return to growth the eu has lagged behind but the most damaging factor to us faith in the eu as an institution has been the greek debt crisis which has played extremely poorly in us media and comes up every year and will again this year . 
  the us simply does not understand this crisis at a fundamental level .
