  why would we want that dirty non-profitable oil ? 
  were energy independent america baby !, 
  our oil is cheaper , higher grade , vast , and great in that now we can drop the price of oil like a rock , while our highly developed economy roars from it while , at the same time , making commie life miserable by using their inferior economic ideology against them . 
  all we did was free market up oil aginst ass hate dictators , the failings are all theres !, 
  saudi arabia , russia , venezuela , and iran are falling apart because oil is at an all low . 
  yes !, 
  american foreign policy in the me is very much a henry kissinger quote when referring to the iran-iraq war . 
  `` it 's a pity both sides ca n't lose '', 
  why not ... neither . 
  and funding hezbollah and proxy fighters in syria . 
  which is helping fuel a refugee crisis . 
  everyone between athens and new delhi is pretty much an asshole to each other . 
  til all babies in america are born with cancer and 100 % of all american babies get fat and have aids by age 5 . 
  well that 's one opinion . 
  his administration also saw the doubling of the size of the country , the prohibition of the importation of slaves act , won the first barbary war , and avoided us troop involvement in the napoleonic war , at least until 1812 . 
  as administrations goes his goes a long way to establishing the united states of america from a colonial backwater to a great power in the america 's . 
  if we stopped trading with latin america every time they had coup we would be left with no one in the region . 
  we did n't stop the coup , but it was n't our coup . 
  we just benefited . 
  if latin america was n't always so ready for ` viva la revoluci\u00f3n ' they might stop and considering country building for a change of pace . 
  instead the keep going hard left and wondering why their countries keep imploding every 2 decades . 
  i buy it , its good for hiking snack ... cause that 's what its made for . 
  us soldiers in ww2 used it because they were a moving army . 
  and europe thought this was how all americans ate cheese . 
  because its a war in a state of cease-fire not peace . 
  the smallest miscalculation and the korean peninsula could blow . 
   we also remember the honduran coup of 2009 for example , and nobody blinking an eye when a us ally is murdering its opposition leaders . 
  the entire oas , including the united states . 
  supported the suspension of honduras because of this . 
  the americas as a whole were united in their condemnation of the events . 
  you are correct , but the us is in a very rare position . 
  the us is a highly developed economy with now near oil independence from domestic and canadian oil . 
  most oil prlducing economys grow when the price is high . 
  but the us grows when the price is low . 
  opec has to keep oil at below 60 dollars a barrel to make fraccking uncompetitive , but prices that low mean saudis have a lot less money while the us economy remains in growth . 
  either lose market share or face us competition . 
  they lifted it a year or two ago , we makin that oil money now , and why ptices are at rock bottom . 
  not at all , he has been entered into the mythos of the united states . 
  his failings as a human will be glossed over because of his achievements . 
  one must remember we are the products of our time , slavery at this point had been in the americas for well over 300 years and in the british territoreris for 200 years befor he wrote the constitution . 
  humans are naturally hypocritical but jeffersons writings and advocacy for constitutional democracy will mean he is remembered . 
  one forgets the us was started as a debtor colony for indentured servents and slaves to work crops . 
  it might seem tame today , but even writing and advocting for things like the end of the new slave trade , which did occur on signing the us constitution , were utter acts of sedition in the empire . 
  no one said he wasnt smart ... just nuts !, 
  n.korea does have a first strike doctrine , and has not shown it knows what `` appropriate response '' is . 
  for instance yeonpyeongdo island has been attacked multiple times by north korea since 2000 , [ bombardment of yeonpyeong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombardment_of_yeonpyeong ) , [ first battle of yeonpyeong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_battle_of_yeonpyeong ) , [ second battle of yeonpyeong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_battle_of_yeonpyeong ) , not to mentionthen [ battle of daecheong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_daecheong ) and the sinking of the [ roks cheonan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roks_cheonan_sinking ) . 
  a ) most of the world from japan to chile uses chlorination systems for there poultry . 
  europe is behind the times on this . 
  its very safe and cheap . 
  b ) europe for some reason thinks most americans buy cheese in a can and meat in a carton . 
  i dont know why , its not like deli 's there are n't famous , ny deli 's or deli 's in other states . 
  hell most superstores have a built in deli . 
  but nope , europe is gon na continue to be market stupid and wonder why aldi 's and european chains keep failing every time they come to the states , with a large canned good section and no deli ... c ) you guys have had a horsemeat swap , german e.coli sprouts ; which killed 53 people by the way , uneven food manufacturing , czech republic methanol poisonings , an irish pork crisis . 
  at some point you might want to get off the high horse and realize more regulation ! = higher food standards . 
  sometimes it just means more steps to go wrong . 
  gmo is not a bad thing . 
  we have been selectively breeding crops for good traits since the dawn of civilization . 
  gmo is just that but with even more control . 
  yes we can wipe them off the face of the earth , but we do not have a first strike doctrine . 
  personally i rather like seattle and these north koreans are crazy enough and meth-out enough to do it . 
  yes and by doing that russia alienates iraq , afghanistan , the persian gulf , japan , south korea , and every country in the oas . 
  bringing them closer to us . 
  please do russia !, 
  please do !, 
  regardless russia already sells arms to these shitholes so ... what else you got . 
  well yah , what if chinese and russian children were exposed to things like democracy . 
  think of the children !, 
  nonsense , you would be internal tourist destinations like hawaii . 
  and think of all those americans who now dont need a visa or passport to come to your beautiful state . 
  thats alot of money . 
  im sorry but at this point every industrialized nation is selling arms to the me . 
  sales there are through the roof . 
  in a way yes . 
  nord2 connects russian oil supplies directly with germany , and then on to richer western and northern europe . 
  before , if russia wanted to economically attack a part of eastern europe it could not stop gas exports without stopping those same exports going to richer parts of europe which will pay for the gas . 
  with nord1 and nord2 russia is free to use gas as an economic weapon against central and eastern europe without losing money from lucrative northern and western europe . 
  nord2 is the worst thing to happen to the actual ` union ' part of the european union , since the greek crisis . 
   russia on the other hand is still successfully dividing europe ( nord stream 2 as example ) . 
  half of europe wants nord2 half does not , its not like russia is building a pipeline to nowhere , some one called germany is building it on the other side as well . 
  a union of the united states , canada , australia , the uk , and new zealand . 
  with the possible additions of singapore , puerto rico , micronesia , ect . 
  would be an unprecedented change . 
  it would be by far the largest economy in the world with some of the largest resource intense first world economies , matched with some of the largest markets and capital rich first world countries.with a population as large as the eu . 
  it would have unprecedented control of the worlds oceans , with strategic control of some of the most important bottlenecks in the world and the largest navy to boot . 
  it would be culturally the largest producer of content with access to huge reserves of cultural artifacts with the smithsonian and british museums . 
  everyone gets the thing they lack , australia and canada get access to huge workforce , markets , and capital . 
  the us and uk get access to resources , places for stable investment , and markets . 
  this government would have access to an unrivaled level of resources and best of all , all of our governments function with a sub federal level . 
  ie states , provinces , countries . 
  which already act fairly independently . 
  by dissolving the current highest federal level and simply creating a new from atop the states , provinces , countries , you got yourself some nice horsepower , with fairly independent sub groups . 
  texas can still be texas , cambridge can still be cambridge , ect . 
  just sayin . 
  think about it ma brothers-from-another-mother . 
  an anglo-union . 
  call it united powers , and lets go get some shit done like the good old days . 
  high courts already decided to extradite him based on evidence provided , so your argument is moot . 
  if there is an extradition treaty , then yes . 
  thats the flaw in the north korea logic . 
  we have a full treaty with the uk and the high court has decided to let it through .
