  his rights were respected per the laws of the land . 
  if he deliberately attacked us institutions , hes is deserving of punishment . 
  does that mean its too easy , no fun in the chase ... or too hard , ill be banging my keyboard by the end of the night ? 
  state actors hacking state actors is par for the course . 
  its these none state cry-babies-who-get-caught-hacktivists that are gon na get jail time . 
  and if his rap sheet is true he deserves it . 
  depends do we have an extradition treaty . 
  if so yes , if not no . 
  simple answer really . 
  he hacked government servers . 
  guy did some serious shit . 
  he deserves prison . 
  `` its your fault no one notices , im a special snowflake ! '', 
  statistics . 
  because from what i have read 90 % of europe 's assumptions of the us are based on tv shows . 
   all their media are contemplations of their own decadence , and lamentations of `` why ca n't we do things like in europe '' hahahhahahahaha ... wtf news do you watch , lol !, 
  europe and the eu in general have not had good portrayal in the us media since europe was in crisis watch circa 2008 ... only now that paris isnt exploding daily have things got quieter in us media regarding the eu and its constant crisis es, 
  here , possibly , there is a case at least . 
  if it actually is or not is for the courts . 
  good to see brussels is on top of protecting western europe from those vile americans eating chunks of eastern europe ... wait . 
  agreed cheap shit and power !, 
  the capitalist way !, 
   russia should prepare a response to the sanctions that 's `` painful for the americans , '' he said . 
  hahahaha , wtf are they gon na do to us ? 
  stop the export of caviar and matryoshka dolls ? 
  bring it on ruskie !, 
   ex-half-communist well half the country was capitalist , then all of it is so . . ex-nazi-ex-half-communist-ex-half-too-full-capitalist-ex-holy-roman-empire-which-was-actually-neither-holy-nor-roman-nor-empire country germany . 
  you are correct , france , and germany for that matter , have broken one or more eu budgetary regulation since 1998 on . 
  as has most of the eu . 
  which should tell you how worthless these regulations are and how difficult it is to actually accomplish . 
  so no one will bat an eyelid , the eu likes to over regulate and in turn is often ignored by member states in this regard . 
  a european writes an article calling for germany to stop doing something which half of europe likes and half of europe hates ... but fuck the u.s right ? 
  we are n't even mentioned in this article !, 
  [ pakistan and china do have a border ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/pakistan_china_locator.svg ) . 
   iran signed a deal with us , iran complies with the deal , and us still sanctions iran . 
  iran violated u.n resolution 1929 and u.n. resolution 2231 . 
  the us is well within its rights to sanction iran as per the resolutions above on missile testing . 
  if iran and russia stopped pulling shit , we would have no reason to keep sanctioning these two . 
  does the us win if europe imports our gas , yes . 
  does russia win if europe imports its gas , yes . 
  does europe need gas , yes . 
  whose gas would less likely help to pay for your member states being broken into little chunks ? 
   what exactly do you hope to gain ? 
  after 1990 we were hoping a stable democratic russia which embraced democracy , secularism , meritocracy , and the free market . 
  instead we got dictator putin , killing gays and filling his former kgb buddy 's coffers with gold and eastern europe with lead . 
  dont be daft , he means the soviet occupation of eastern europe after the war till the collapse of the soviet union . 
  it was n't a happy time for many people you know . 
   why is pakistan having nukes a problem ? 
  uhm , they are unstable . 
  poor . 
  they border the nuclear states of india and china . 
  but the difference is we like the democratic indians over the authoritarian chinese and pakistanis . 
  pakistan is also willing to sell saudi arabia the bomb so nuclear proliferation . 
  why , they never admitted they have them , although they probably do , and no one in the region is outright threatened by israel as they are with the iranians . 
  say what you will but israel getting nukes never stirred up the pot . 
  iran getting nukes will create a domino effect however . 
   follow the rules or stay the fuck out of our market , kthxbye if that threat were true we would n't be in your store shelves would we , , 
  if the us wont make a change for the much larger and much more influential japanese market , there is n't a chance in hell we will do it for the much smaller dutch market . 
   what about saudi arabia what about saudi arabia ? 
  please read up on the logical fallacy [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  besides were not the ones who would supply saudi arabia with nukes , the saudi 's have already stated if iran gets the bomb they will crash course their own program as per their agreement with pakistan , [ saudi-pakistan nuclear ordering ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-24823846 ) . 
  like it or not saudi arabia is the responsible actor here . 
  iran was the one who destabilized the nuclear balance of the region . 
  iran-us relations go further then one deal on nuclear weapons . 
  the current iranian islamic governments roots started with the storming of the us embassy and iranian hostage crisis . 
  not exactly a great start . 
  in the us , iranian support of paramilitary groups like hezbollah and hamas , their non-compliance with missile-test ban as per un resolution 2231 , hostility towards us allies , ala israel , turkey , afghanistan . 
  play no small part in painting them villains in the us . 
  for iran 's part they were never happy with us support for the shah or british petroleum . 
  the shah was a brutal dictator while the more democratic mohammad mosaddegh was a pro-communist . 
  so ideological clash was inevitable . 
  iran has never been happy with us leadership on world affairs which has economically isolated the country . 
  for example , the us does not allow business to do deals with iran using us dollars . 
  the dollar is the universal reserve currency , 86 % of world currency reserve is in dollars , so doing international trade with iran is very difficult . 
  no one after all is going to risk being locked out of $ 18.77 trillion dollar economy so they can do business with a $ 438.3 billion dollar economy . 
  being of different government philosophies , never helped trust either . 
  secularism vs islamic government , ect . 
  iran is a regional power , the us is a superpower with regional interests in the me . 
  conflict is inevitable . 
  oh this is some grade a propaganda . 
  [ we literally just verified compliance last week ! ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/07/17/537793465/state-department-certifies-irans-compliance-with-nuclear-deal ) . 
  iran has some highly questionable state controls on media , and the fact that i cant even find a wikipedia page for this news organization , ifpnews , and the inherent bias in the article does not add much validity to this claim . 
  our military aid of about 20 billion to israel and 15 billion to egypt was part of the [ egypt -- israel peace treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egypt%e2%80%93israel_peace_treaty ) and [ camp david accords ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_david_accords ) . 
  we essentially pay both sides to not shoot each other and point their weapons at their other less stable borders . 
  this in turn make sure suez is no longer threatened and the us becomes military guarantor of the passage . 
  the caveat being that egypt recognize israel , israel formally declares suez egyptian . 
  and the us 5th is in protective custody of the canal . 
  ukraine has no link so vital to world interests that the us needs to pay 40 billion a year to keep the peace . 
  take responsibility for your region instead of blaming us all the time . 
  the eu could actually lead something for once . 
  that 's a very weak understanding of the two party system . 
  it primarily encourages center politics as the vast majority of voters are the `` silent majority '' , ie those who are not politically active , except on voting day . 
  parties are very weak institutions in the us unlike their european counterparts . 
  if the health care bill failure happened in europe , you would expect a vote of no confidence within a year . 
  there is no fear of the government falling in the us so congress leaders can more easily rebel as they are doing now . 
  us politicians have very few incentives to tow party lines especially if its unpopular in their district unlike their european counterparts which need more party unity to form and maintain a government , so caucuses like the `` tuesday group '' , `` freedom caucus '' , `` blue dog coalition '' , ect . 
  can rebel easily.to keep going with the latest health care bill . 
  the bill is being killed by republicans because the `` tuesday group '' republican 's thinks its too harsh on medicare and the `` freedom caucus '' republican 's think its too liberal in spending . 
  the fbi falls squarely under the executive branch . 
  meaning it falls into the legal category of : 1 ) `` there are no statutory conditions on the president 's authority to remove these executive staff '' 2 ) they serve `` at the pleasure of the president '' while firing comey looked bad , it is not illegal for him to do .
