  lol my grandparents are indian from mumbai . 
  i have no european blood , good assumption off the mark . 
  yes but the high voltage transmission and transformers the us uses are very big , and require land , lots of connected land . 
  most european counties dont have the space for such things espcially considering the whole thing needs to be uninterrupted from transformer to transformer . 
   this is a ridiculous reason to stab someone on vital point . 
  but a-okay if you only stab them in non-life threatening areas . 
  i thought it already was , at least on [ / r/videos ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/ ) it is . 
  that once again tells you another part of the picture . 
  each data set telling you only so much im afraid . 
  per capita has its own limits in quality for analysis . 
  french fries do n't denote origin and most americans get that . 
  they came about when american gis fought in france and were introduced to the dish of belgian / netherlands origin . 
  american soldiers while liberating france were greeted with the dish , france was heavily damaged and at the time food was scarce so cut potato fries was all the french populace could spare to feed any us soldiers during liberation celebrations . 
  post war it became a symbol of american commitment to europe . 
  its in the same vain as the tiki bar , when american gi 's wished to recreate the fun they had at luau 's during liberation celebrations in the pacific campaign . 
  yah i can dig it . 
  no , and putin is no ordinary world leader and aziz ansari is no ordinary comedian but all of them have gotten published in the nyt opinion section . 
  they are prominent enough that people are interested on hearing their opinions on certain matters.this is no different , i would like to hear the opinion of a three time pulitzer prize winning author even if i dont agree with him . 
  % only tell one part of the story . 
  after all 13.1 % of 320 million ( us population ) people is 42 million people . 
  but 11.7 % of 66 million ( france population ) people is only 7.7 million . 
  you could fit 6 foreign born french populations in one america foreign born population . 
  til : there are sharia courts in the us and canada . 
  i dont know about your other countries statistics but some of your america statistics are off :  less than 5 % of black people are married to a white , to each his own . 
  yah 5 % are married to white people , but your forgetting asians , hispanic , jews , and middle easterners . 
  pew poll puts interracial marriage of black people at around 19 % . 
   about 30 % of the back people will end up in jail 30 % of the total prison population is black , 6.6 % of black people in the us are in or have been in prison . 
  still a huge figure but no where close to 1 in 3 . 
   black people are killed on a weekly basis by cops , so are alot of people , cops in the us are problem but to call them exclusive to one race is not really fair . 
  african american cops make 12 % of the us police force from a total us population being 13 % african american . 
  so its not like its an under representation problem . 
  its a blue on black problem . 
   religions are everywhere , from the bank notes to the oaths , religions are very powerfull and some fanatics and sectes live openly as they want ( mormons , scientology , evangeslists ) . 
  this is true and we are proud of our religious diversity . 
  france may consider this a negative for some reason or another but we dont . 
  we have no problem with a hijab , yamaka , or a cross . 
   all this make our country much more mixed than the uk or the usa yah that one is definitely not true , unless france is going to become majority-minority before the year 2030 , as the us is on track to be . 
  for that to happen france would have to become less then 50 % ethnic french or french sub-group ( norman , occitan , auvergnat , corsican , euskara , french flemish and breton ) the us , and the anglosphere in general , are more racially diverse . 
  especially considering the us census bureau considers white to be anyone of european , north african and middle eastern descent . 
  most european census departments would not use such a broad term for white/caucasian . 
  edit : i suck at reddit formatting lol . 
   us city there is your problem , your looking in the wrong place . 
  the mixing occurs in the suburbs where most people live . 
  the cities are designed to be ethnic-cultural enclaves . 
  this came about from city expansions by immigration waves . 
  for example when the polish entered chicago , where i live , they created an influx in the city and they settled the less established outskirts of the north side at the time , founding pulaski road neighborhoods . 
  the city eventually expanded to include these areas , now known as polish downtown . 
  today the neighborhood is no longer as polish as it used to be as all the old immigrants left for the suburbs . 
  this kinda thing still occurs , around the 2000 's chicago received a large influx of indian immigrant , back then they lived on the outskirts of the city , devon avenue near park ridge . 
  which has since been incorporated into the city proper creating a little india . 
  whether you go with the salad bowl or the melting pot semantic is irrelevant to the ethnic diversity of the country which is 7 % -10 % mixed race by the last us census in 2010 . 
  the us will be a majority minority country by the year 2020 , if break up caucasian , or 2055 if you define caucasian by us census terms , meaning anyone from europe , the middle east , or north africa is caucasian . 
  its the opinion section . 
  they also posted a letter from vladimir putin on the opinion section about why america should butt out of crimea , does n't mean the nyt endorses putin 's annexation . 
  legitimate anger = renaming the fries in the capital buildings cafeteria ... id hate to think what an israeli considers loathing . 
  please , this happens to us all the time . 
  if i had a nickle for every time thr bbc went to some random part of the us and extrapolated that this problem exists through the whole country id have enough money to actually dig a burning hell hole in oklahoma , so the bbc can say all the us is a hell hole . 
   fucking stereotypes everywhere wait ... are you saying the american stereotype is true and every american is that stereotype and were everywhere . 
  or there stereotypes and they exist everywhere . 
  what a dunce , four days he sat there in new zealand and did n't have the good sense to walk around in a beautiful country . 
  i once saw four little people and an old man with a walking stick hike up mountains , riverbanks , and forests . 
  took them only 20 hours and three movies to get to the bad side of the island with the fire mountain and skyscraper . 
  i mean france !, 
  yes yes , blame the us because vw broke the rules , and i mean seriously broke the rules . 
  they built a program designed to cheat emissions tests . 
  also , if thats the case why would we go after vw and not toyota ? 
  toyota is so much bigger in the us . 
  oh ... good job then, 
  no , we fight it where we always fight it . 
  as is tradition !!, 
  oh dont worry , we dont miss out on a good war . 
  and were bringing the rest of the allies from the pacific to to south america !, 
  its gon na be a party , only this time we dont have that fuddy duddy marshall and his plan to help you guys clean up !, 
  this is a drop a massive amount of ordinance and bail sort of party !, 
  im sorry your switching so quickly from the netherlands to the eu its seems to be an interchangeable word for you , one post talking about how relevant the netherlands is , a statement that no one said ever , `` wonder what the dutch think '' . 
   the next talks about how the eu owns everything in america !, 
  but im so glad for my eu overlords who apparently own all of america , like apple , google , microsoft , starbucks , mcdonalds , coca-cola . 
  you know , those great giants which have us so scarred we are shitting our pants in fear of new digital colonialism and taxes . 
  you know , because people are so afriad of the eu and its `` i hope im still here in 10 years '' , strategy  lets see if i can get blood to boil . 
  til : the netherlands invests more in the us economy then russia and china combined . 
  also that works both way as guess who is the largest investor in the eu is ... lolololololololololol it keeps going and going and going ... , 
  but where highly urbanized population . 
  more then 80 % live in these metropolises . 
  i think your overestimating how many of these roads there are and how frequently they are used or seen.you talk about these rural roads as if they are of daily concern to anyone . 
  unless your looking for these roads they are off the beaten path as they have all been replaced . 
  i think your thinking of this from a european perspective . 
  when a road over there needs repair or expansion they begin construction and must repair this road . 
  there are few times when building a new road is an option . 
  in the us , land is cheap , often times its easier to build a whole new 8 lane highway then to expand an existing 4 lane . 
  roads are often decommissioned by the states . 
  an example of this is route 66 built in 1926 . 
  its a historic road but like many roads of its era was too small and the us highway traffic , 2 lanes . 
  so in 1956 they built 5 intersecting highways which were 4 lanes , effectively killing route 66 for daily use . 
  then again in 1985 5 more 6 lane highways were built in intersection . 
  authorities just decommissioned it and replaced it with i-55 , i-44 , i-40 , i-15 and i-10 . 
  you can still drive route 66 , but the i-s have completely replaced it . 
  now these roads are in poor condition and while its not illegal to drive on its not really an active road anymore , but in the us , canada , and australia roads like this are everywhere and still count lowering the overall score despite these roads effectively being out of sight and out of mind . 
  you only take them because you are seeking them not , not because you or the country gains needed utility from them . 
  awwww look , some one is cherry picking little facts and thinks he can sit at the big boy table with the us , china , and russia and be listened too . 
  how cute .
