  multiple records we have from merchants , emperors , and senators lament the large trade imbalance between the three empires as rome had to trade gold for indian spices and dyes , chinese silk and jade and even egyptian cotton till it was annexed . 
  rome was important to the mediterranean world was much less so in africa and asia . 
  they were no mongol empire to be sure . 
  the rest of your examples are all examples of eurocentrism . 
  you could just as easily link to the middle eastern empires golden ages and link to the creation of algebra and modern mathematics , the star naming system we use today , or influential enlightenment thinkers like al-maarri . 
  the indian gold ages which brought with it steel , chess , our modern number system , and shampoo . 
  or chinese golden ages which brought gun powder , inoculation , and papermaking . 
  one could go on and on about who did what when but the fact that you start from ancient greece , which civilization wise is old but not that old ; the pyramids had stood for over 1000 years before alexander the great invaded persia and end with the age of discovery kind of proves my point . 
  that 's like all in 1 millennia , not even . 
  actually third parties have won , the bull moose party and the no nothings being examples of this but then most third parties fold into the other two , in an electoral system the winner is the one who takes the center . 
  as for texas democrats and california republicans they get a major voice in the primary as they are still the largest populated states . 
  the last one however has never happened in 240 years of us elections and is in fact illegal in most states for electors to do . 
   europe has been the geo-politico-economic center of the world for much of the past three millennia . 
  like since the 18th century at best buddy and even that is stretching it . 
  as opposed to overt russian annexation ... 
  term was actually used before , in more limited terms though , when the known world was its charge . 
  namely pax assyriaca , pax romana , pax mongolica , ect . 
  not tyranny when he gets an almost equal share of the votes and carries 30 of the 50 states . 
  just because its not the outcome you want does not make it any less valid . 
  thanks for the underhanded insult but the fact that you think economies are irrelevant in power politics shows me you have very little idea what your talking about . 
  one does not simply disregard a country which consists of 35 % of the worlds economy by 1910 . never in the history of the world has anyone ever said the largest economy in the world is irrelevant to world affairs . 
  it was just a silly joke , make america poor and our emissions go down . 
  then our numbers for next year look good . 
  its a joke and no one got it :(, 
  can anyone in the first world really ask that question without looking around them . 
  i would have agreed with you till 2008 happened . 
  that goes far beyond the political norms we have established since ww2 and the end of imperialism . 
  we lived under pax-britainia , or british peace , as it was the largest empire at the time.but this was based on a none invasion strategy . 
  that britain would not invade colonies nor would allow others colonies to be invaded . 
  a peace agreed to by the other major powers in tacit compliance.there was absolutely nothing the british empire could do stop a land war in europe , it did not have such influence nor capacity with its small standing army . 
  thus it was not a super power . 
  the us had a larger economy then the british empire as did the german empire , france held the most advanced land army , russia had the largest army , the british pacific fleet was getting smaller then the japanese fleet , which is why the washington accords were signed in the 1920s . 
  in a straight up war no one marked as a favorite . 
  also the us was one of the main countries involved with the peace in 1918 . 
  the p4 powers consisting of the us , britain , france , and italy . 
  with smaller allies being signatories , greece , romania , japan , ect . 
  your facts are very much off on this regard and you should google the world war 1 peace accords . 
  it was a major blow when the us walked out on the treaty and the failure of the league of nations was in no small part possible because a major power the us , was not part of the agreement . 
  and gave precedence for major powers to leave the league of nations when its intrests no longer aligned.for example japan after the invasion of manchuria . 
  oh and by world war 2 being allowed to speak ... by then the us was very much telling countries to stfu . 
  you do realize what pax implies . 
  pax , implies that germany has the military , economic , and political force to stop major conflicts around the world from occurring or moving outside of its regional zone . 
  it has the ability maintain order both economically and military and can react to new situations as crisis emerge . 
  it implies germany has the ability to maintain the peace between , china-japan , india-pakistan , saudi-iran , egypt-isreal , ect by its mere presence . 
  germany does not have that power and if chaos spreads it is not a pax , its going back to power politics . 
  the article itself is an oxymoron . 
  claiming germany can now take the mantle as the us did from britain while acknowledging that germany has no such power while pax-americana is still active . 
  at best its click bait journalism that plays fast and loose with political discourse . 
  no its literal , these are the people who think a global war started on wednesday morning and ended yesterday because everyone is scared of germany intervening . 
  fear the german and his saur kraut smells !, 
  make america poor again to make america statistically superior again !, 
  pfft , you dont know us at all , you think we would put feelings above profit ... american are very market adaptable . 
  with the `` old '' world . 
  the us has been very active politically in western hemisphere since the monroe doctrine outlining the the americas as the us 's sphere of influence . 
  that being said it could only be so isolationist , by 1870 it was the worlds largest economy , and a major trading nation . 
  we were isolationist to a degree , politically but we were very much integrated and setting the rules for the world economy by the turn of the century when the dollar became the worlds reserve currency . 
   the us was very isolationist in the interbellum and not that important i have to disagree with that part , the world was multipolar and there was no power which was truly greater then the others , a super power . 
  there were a number of great powers , the us , british , french , german , austro-hungarian , ottoman , russian , japanese were all considered the worlds great powers and some were stronger in some aspects then others but there wasnt one power which was so far above the rest as to need recatogorization . 
  none were a super power . 
  by 1870 the us was the largest economy in the world by far , outstripping the combined economies of the british , french , and german empire by 1905 . 
  to give you an example of how large the us economy was at the time in comparison in 1917 when the us entered the war it was able to produce some 10,000 m1917 rifles a day . 
  this is more then both france and britain could produce in a month . 
  the suez crisis was a representative moment but it was one where the multipolar world we had lived in collapsed to make way for the super power politics of the soviet union and us . 
  the point being you can not dismiss the largest economy in the world which represented an estimated 35 % of the worlds economy . 
  popular vote would miss out on far to much . 
  the electoral college is a far better system because it mathematically weighs the votes to ensure that in order to win in the us you need not only the most votes but the spread of those votes across the country . 
  in this elections hillary got 47.79 % to donald trumps 47.30 % , but , donald trump carried 30 states to hillary 's 20 + dc . 
  what your advocating for is for big states to dominate small states . 
  no i will keep my system thank you very much . 
  oh and if you wish to look up historical data you will find the electoral college is in line with the popular vote in 93 % of all us elections , the only time its not the elections were close and the winner carried more states . 
  popular vote will only service those living in dense urban communites at the expense of rural communities . 
  it is tyranny of the majority and despite losing this election i will not go so far as to change the rules just so my guy can win everytime do to urbanization . 
  another donald trump is president therefore the world is going to end post ... guy isnt even in office yet and apparently the world collapsed on wednesday . 
  i think people will be surprised how little the status quo will change . 
  im not saying hes right , but ... everyone between athens and new delhi has an extreme dislike for each other , to put it mildly . 
   because it is the europe who decides whether there will be a war or not and europe decides that there will be no war . 
  that funny because you would think russia would have a say in the matter too , 
  ... so your gon na just ignore the whole genocide thing ... 
  its unfortunate that this is now feeling like a new normal and such things are no longer over reported . 
  would you ? 
  i take it from your flag your norwegian , a country of 5 million people . 
  if the popular vote were used would norway 's interests be taken into account if they are at odds with germany , france , italy ? 
  would germany not dictate norwegian policy in norway by simply out voting it . 
  would this not lead to tyranny of the majority in which your country is roped along into anything the bigger states say by virtue of size . 
  norway would cease to have independence from its larger neighbors . 
  65x ... where did you get that grossly inflated and unrealistic number . 
  the electoral college is based on proportionality of the population so it cant be that skewed mathamatically . 
  for example : the largest state , california , has 12.03 % of the us population but its 55 electoral college votes represent only 10.22 % of the college total . 
  wyoming , a sparsely populated state , has 0.18 % of the us population but its three seats in the electoral college give it 0.56 % of the college votes . 
  its proportionality with a minimum of 3 seats in the college . 
  based upon census data and the federal legislature.remember we are first and foremost a union of states !, 
  this is an important point and the reason why new states of varying size , population , and economies can join without fear of becoming a vassal to larger states policies . 
   but it 's not going according to their plans . 
  what the government in venezuela is actually doing is saving people 's democracy , and not destroying it like some think . 
  come man , you cant drink that much kool-aid . 
  hahahahaha !!!, 
  come on , the socialists were losing so bad they stacked the courts and created a whole new legislature because they lost elections in the last legislature . 
  just because you have a problem with the us electoral college system , which by the way takes into account both the popular vote and spread of the vote , which is very fair in a country of states of such disproportionate size and populations does not abscond chavez of the shit that has happened in this pink revolution . 
  false equivalency at its best . 
  your best defense is quirks in of the oldest democratic systems running .
