  they are the ones who will decide the legality of the issue . 
  from the article it looks like other governments in the eu can seek something equivalent to `` damages '' . 
  im no expert , just quoting the article which is quoting the ruling . 
  ive never been a fan of such large guns , kinda weighty , harder to reload , difficult to carry , and this may just be my opinion but anything above a .45 acp just has to much recoil . 
  follow up shots take forever . 
  the eu overstepped its bounds when it said apple must pay back taxes retroactively , even though apple followed irish tax code . 
  that is an unprecedented step anywhere in the world . 
  by all means fill your loopholes , but to retroactively tax is something entirely out of the norm . 
  the eu has gone and opened pandora 's box with this ruling . 
   the us might punish us but that 's because they support 1 % tax deals and not to preserve rule of law . 
  blah blah blah here comes america , blah blah us evil blah blah save us from america , eu . 
  your final statement is a straw man argument . 
  i wont even take the time refute you . 
  a picture of two dozen apples on a doorstep is hardly an article nor a sample size . 
  if you look at us tax code no one pays the 35 % . 
  35 % is base , then you get all your deductibles . 
  at 35 % flat no one would be foolish enough to start a business in the us . 
  yet here we are with the eu putting up every road block and the kitchen sink to stop us business from doing what it does best . 
  what roads do you take ? 
  the i 's are all good . 
  unless your taking a private road or an abandoned road . 
  i have never experienced an abysmal road over here . 
  i have actually used worse roads in europe then the us . 
  although they both pale in comparison to what south america in general describes as roads . 
  we shall see , this will all take years of litigation . 
  apple is def appealing and the irish government has started the process . 
  sure , now get ireland , luxembourg , and the netherlands to join and in the process to damage to their economies , with a `` sacrifice for europe '' mentality . 
  good luck with that , ill stick to good old adam smith economics of greed , i think all of these countries are going to fight tooth and nail . 
  and i cant make heads or tales of your utter nonsense , so i guess we are at an impasse . 
  not abandon , move . 
  remember ireland is not the only underdeveloped country in europe . 
  will apple abandon europe , no . 
  will apple abandon ireland if it has to pay 12.5 % , you bet your ass . 
  apple funneled all international sales through the irish holding company , effectively making ireland its corporate tax headquarters for all international , non-us sales . 
  while eu operations would have to remain in the eu , that is only a small chunk compared to the sales from outside the eu that is being funneled through ireland . 
  the point being you dont need 7,000 people for eu operations when most of the work is done in the us and china anyway . 
  no one pays the 35 % corporate tax in the us.us tax code has more wholes then swiss cheese . 
  also most of apples jobs are already in the us so the wage bill increase is minimized by the preexisting infrastructure . 
  to move too another country would require new construction . 
  apple has large campuses in the us , singapore , the uk , and india . 
  of which only the us could really absorb all those jobs , quickly in the short term . 
  the rest would take at least a 5 year campus construction period . 
  ireland collected $ 46 billion dollars in taxes in 2014 . 
  $ 13 billion over 10 years is alot but is it worth a huge chunk of tech jobs ~ 20,000 . 
  shit no its not , plus the risk of capital flight and the loss of income tax from all those jobs . 
  in the long run none of this is worth the loss it could potentially entail . 
  which is why im not surprised the irish government is fighting this tooth and nail . 
  they are when the eu is retroactively charging apple for taxes when it never broke irish tax law . 
  remember microsoft broke anti-trust law , apple broke no law here . 
  plus the precedent this sets is ridiculous . 
  retroactive taxation has never been a thing till now . 
  if there was a tax loophole , you fill the hole , but you dont charge the company that only followed the law . 
  this opens up a whole host of tit for tat consequences . 
  alot of german car companies opened up plants in tennessee , south carolina , and alabama because they received great tax deals . 
  by this precedent the us can say its unfair to the other states and then force bmw , mercedes , and volkswagen to pay up retroactively . 
  is that fair , hell no !, 
  but , if the eu wants to play this game then we can play it too . 
  the foreign press from china , japan , south korea , india , ect have all criticized the move and are worried about their own companies . 
  leave it to the eu to piss off most of the g20 in one move , and still be oblivious to the consequences . 
  that 's apples primary business . 
  i fail to see what you are getting at ? 
  why would the irish want to fight their tax code ? 
  it was one of the main reasons the celtic tiger existed without it ireland is no better then the rest of undeveloped europe for setting up shop . 
  6,000 apple jobs and 9,000 google jobs could be in danger along with a host of other tech companies . 
  i can totally see why the irish want to fight the eu on this , without it there is no incentive to stay in a country which makes you pay 12.5 % tax when there are so many better deals . 
  agreed once again this tells countries all over the world that if the eu can fine your companies ( and this smells like a fine not a tax ) then by that same token other countries can do the same . 
  i know alot of german auto manufactures got tax deals in states like south carolina , tennessee , and alabama . 
  by this ruling the federal government can say its unfair to the other states and force companies to pay up retroactively . 
  these deals are common place throughout the world . 
  the eu is overstepping its authority here and if it continues may begin getting problems from other countries in a tit for tat scenario . 
  the chinese , japanese , and south korean press all seem unhappy about this . 
  in the oddest way the eu has galvanized the rest of the g20 . 
  the commission looks to be going for a power grab . 
  i can tell you on this side of the atlantic people are very suspicious of the eu 's motives on this . 
  protectionism by any other name ... 
   they said it is illegal only because apple got preferential treatment compared to other companies apple & google are saying the scheme was open to many tech companies , a court will decide that but this litigation will take years . 
   `` in fact , the tax treatment in ireland enabled apple to avoid taxation on almost all profits generated by sales of apple products in the entire eu single market . 
  this is due to apple 's decision to record all sales in ireland rather than in the countries where the products were sold . 
  this structure is however outside the remit of eu state aid control . 
  if other countries were to require apple to pay more tax on profits of the two companies over the same period under their national taxation rules , this would reduce the amount to be recovered by ireland . ''  in other words , the commission is inviting other member states to calculate how much they may have lost in tax revenue as a result of the alleged violations , and to claw it back from ireland . 
  ahh so ireland wont even get the 13 billion . 
  well then shit of course they think the whole thing is crap . 
  certainly not from russia or eastern europe as you skipped the , turn it into vodka step . 
  there is no way irealand is going to go about this quietly . 
  the eu is now watching and if either google or apple are forced to pay the effective tax rate of 12.5 % they will leave and go somewhere else , taking with them the 6000 apple jobs and 9000 google jobs . 
  most of which are high paying tech jobs . 
  at 12.5 % its cheaper to either bring thouse jobs back to the us or send them to another high tech haven like singapore . 
  ireland has far more to lose from this then the drop in the bucket 13 billion . 
  it also depends on the military , the us for instance benefits greatly from a modular rifle as they are deployed anywhere from the hot and humid subic bay in the philippines to the cold and dry conditions of archangel , alaska . 
  having both internal and external modularity in the rifles makes it a good platform for a world spanning military but someone like germany whose primary deployments are european with notable exceptions in places like afghanistan , it makes little sense to have this component . 
  added costs and hassle would not be worth it . 
  i was thinking more hp and dell , but i would still consider apple part of the business , they still sell alot of macbooks and the such . 
  ireland is seen as a tax heaven for many companies . 
  currently apple has some 6,000-7 ,000 irish employees in high psying jobs , not to mention google with an additional 9,000 or so employees in the country . 
  if the tax rate is no longer as smal as it once was and is at 12.5 % then ireland effectively becomes the only place in the eu where you are paying full tax making it more profittable to move eu operations to somewhere else in the eu . 
  no country wants to lose 5000 high paying jobs , as well as the possibility of losing google and other high techs . 
  13 billion over 10 years in paltry compared to how much economic value 15,000-20 ,000 high paying job in the country can get eu and create . 
  what vw did was worse , legally , for one simple reason , they lied and deliberately manipulated the information . 
  the faulty ignition switches were bad but they were a defect , a flaw in the design . 
  even in engineering circles there was a debate on how to fix it and if it was really an issue in the first place .
