  texas pays taxes to the federal government which transfers that money to montana . 
  the eu will eventually have to start taking money from countries like denmark to give to countries like greece . 
  thats just the name of the game when you federalize . 
  thats part of the bad you get with good . 
  if we could get rid of the mississippi , alabama , louisiana economies from our statistics we would jump considerably . 
  some economies need to carry others if you wish to be a nation . 
  well in our defense you guys have n't had a year without map changes since the crimean war ... 
  it was not due to inflation it was a matter of policy . 
  1993 , clinton signed a housing act which allowed for use of ninja loans for houses . 
  ninja loan stands for `` no income , no job and no assets '' . 
  these securities were backed by the us government from 1993 to 2008 . 
  because they were backed by the government , banks over leveraged a market that could not possibly pay . 
  this looked good on paper but they were toxic assets as they were unpayable . 
  at the same time people who fall under ninja loans began buying houses they could not possibly afford under the scheme , thinking that because they could n't pay they could simply walk away if things went bad . 
  declaring bankruptcy when you own nothing means little to you . 
  this eventually led to the disaster . 
  the housing market recovered in price because now only those homeowners who could pay remained in their homes , everyone else got foreclosed on . 
  its one of the main reasons why blaming just the banks is so simplistic , the banks were to blame but so was the clinton administration , the bush administration , poor people who bough houses they could n't afford , rich people for betting on these assets , ect ect . 
  the people that are moving are also moving for opportunities . 
  if there are more jobs in germany and the uk then a polish immigrant working in those countries would not be in the bottom 10 % of society . 
  the bottom 10 % is generally the most vulnerable in society , the disabled , those with chronic conditions , illegal immigrants , single family homes , formerly incarcerated , vulnerable minorities and such . 
  while the polish might take on more humble blue collar work in the uk and germany , as plumbers , electricians , and day laborers they would not be the bottom 10 % of that society . 
  alaska is a petrostate , hell you get paid a percentage of oil revenue just for living there . 
  if you want to look at a model for basic income that has been going on for decades , alaska is a very close example of that . 
  hmmmm ... sounds like its time for luxembourg to begin conscription , trying times and all will 50 % of the military hurt during the chainsaw incident . 
  [ u/priamosish ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/priamosish ) congratulations , you are now head of the armed forces !, 
  the goal was the liberation of kuwait from occupying iraqi forces . 
  by the measure of the coalitions stated goals it was a strong victory . 
  better then being occupied by north korea , you forget that the north over ran the south before us intervention . 
  [ south korea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_war ) , [ panama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_invasion_of_panama#aftermath ) , [ grenada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_grenada#international_reaction ) , [ honduras ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_golden_pheasant ) , [ former yugoslavia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia ) , [ haiti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_uphold_democracy ) , [ kuwait ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulf_war ) , [ dominican republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dominican_civil_war ) . 
  would like a word with you . 
  to say us and nato forces have failed in every engagement after world war 2 is incorrect , when your the super power the rules change , victories become foot notes in history while losses take up chapters . 
   chances are it would require a parliament vote to be deployed , possibly also a unanimous vote by the council . 
  that sounds messy , what if some countries are adamant about not sending troops but parliament agrees to , that seems like a political crisis waiting to happen so long as each country in the eu feels they are sovereign . 
  hes good man , general-colonel-major-captain-lt-sargent-corporal-private jerry . 
  wears alot of hats that one . 
  hopefully this will free up the rest of the military , so bob can get that promotion to head of army-navy-air force . 
  germany is the largest country in europe with 85 million people , it goes well outside the norm for the continent , once you get below the 11 million people mark , almost all of europe outside of the 10 largest countries , there is no way you can sustain 30-32 major cities . 
  its literally mathematically impossible the point being the us market is large enough to sustain such high level play and salaries which can not be done by single european countries with populations below 11 million , it can be done at the eu level with a population 500 million but its unsustainable for single european countries to compete in such markets . 
  in our defense it worked out well for us in the long run . 
  but eu is not a country so a civil war is not exactly apt . 
  its more like breaking a treaty with a foreign power then claiming independence from the state . 
  to be fair the american market consists of 320 million people and is big enough on its own to host 32 nfl and 30 mlb teams from 32 and 30 cities respectively ... you name 32-30 cities in one european country . 
  but dice is swedish ... 
  well denmark is alot bigger then micronesia , but its still not a big number.their buying like 40 f-35s , meanwhile saudi arabia just bough 110 fighter jets , 3 new cruisers , signed a 10 year contract with ratheon to have a steady supply of bombs , and are in talks to buy 4 littoral combat ships from the us alone . 
  this does n't include the attack helicopters they just bought from germany . 
  the largest buyer of weapons as a region is the middle east and its not because they love to have grand parades . 
  hell egypt just bought the two mistral carriers the russians were forced to abandon from france . 
  switzerland has an infamous history of laundering assets for the nazis during the holocaust . 
  collecting the valuables of jews , gypsy , degenerates , and others deemed unfit by the nazis . 
  the nazi 's used swiss banks to clean the assets of their jewish ownership . 
  almost all of these assets were taken by the swiss authorities in the post war era and switzerland only returned some 12 % of the stolen assets , the swiss were and still are very adamant these assets belong to the them , the rest still sits in the swiss treasury today . 
  the swiss may not have killed all those people but were certainly responsible for the cultural genocide that occurred during and directly following the holocaust . 
  the swiss arms industry and state in general was pro-nazi during the war , 84 % of all weapons sold by the swiss were sold to the nazis , the rest was split between the allies and neutral countries . 
  liechtenstein i know was closely aligned with switzerland during world war ii , and swiss `` neutrality '' was well documented . 
  but to be honest i know virtually nothing about the country , its so small it quiet frankly goes unnoticed in records . 
  i would literally have to google this country like would states like micronesia lol . 
  canada is also part of the coalition ... can we not sell drones to canada ... 
  but that hardly makes any sense to begin with only two countries make export drones , the us and isreal . 
  but only one is capable of making large armed drones for export like the predator , reaper and global hawk , and thats the us . 
  what exactly are you not going to sell to what is literally your countries largest trading partner ? 
  are you suggesting canada start a tit for tat trade war with a country whose economy is literally 14 times the size of canada and change ? 
  because i can guarantee you it will be a very one sided trade war . 
  really if you think this world is unstable now then you should really read a history book . 
  the last time we had a multipolor world , that was unstable . 
  in comparison to the european imperial system prior to world war ii today 's us hegemonic system is practically paradise on earth . 
  no colonize or outright subjugation , higher standard of living for everyone in the world , not just the imperialist powers , autonomy for all the worlds nation-states , spread of democratic ideals , globalization of trade , open waters , open air space , open leo , hell if you think this world is unstable and unfair then you travel back 100 years and do a compare and contrast . 
  also the american `` empire '' , which is the wrong term the us is a hegemony isnt crumbling . 
  china has grown in relative power but it will take alot more then a rising china to change the world order of things . 
  especially since china has bad relations with its neighbors , a non-floating non-verifiable economy , ie china does not post economic data only party official figures which can be taken with a grain of salt to say the least . 
  ect . 
  china doesnt even control the south china sea , it will be at least 50 years before they can respond to the us in equal terms in there own backyard , let alone respond on equal terms to the us in other parts of the world . 
  we heard the same thing about ussr in the 1960 's and japan in the 1970 's , it will take more then 2 decades of good growth for china to be anywhere close to the us in terms of global influence . 
  let alone challenge the dollar , the us military , the us higher education system , the influence the us has on international relations and partners , ect . 
  a very long time indeed . 
   the us lost it 's reputation from that time . 
  you should worry on earning it back instead of piggybacking on a once great nation . 
  reputation ? 
  fuck reputation , the us hegemonic system works on stability . 
  so long as the world remains in a stable state and more countries continue continue to join the developed world , people will continue to look to the us to provide that stability . 
  if that means selling guns to saudi arabia and drone bombing pakistani waziristan so be it . 
  americans have gotten used to being criticized for every little foreign policy decision , a callousness has formed in our society from it . 
  i think the canadian singer dan hill said it best in his song `` growing up '' , `` america - it 's a heavy kind of role you play you 're the hero - you 're the villain your every move is on display '', 
  yes it did , dragoon ride ii just finished , dragoon ride iii will take place before winter . 
  apparently they have been great pr in eastern europe . 
  pfft please , who in the world does n't have a questionable human rights record from time to time , i would n't go all holier then thou on this issue . 
  if we cant sell guns to people who have broken human rights laws then we cant sell guns to anyone . 
  the us as you pointed out , but we also could n't sell guns to canada ( first nation people ) , france ( algeria and vietnam ) , belgium ( congo ) , germany ( holocaust ) , uk ( boer war ) , japan ( nanking ) ect ect . 
  show me a modern state and i will google search for you shitty shit that state did . 
  there are no saints here . 
  human rights is a terrible way to decide who you can and can not sell to , if its the case then you cant sell to anyone we 've literally all been the asshole . 
  the only people who buy weapons are people with questionable human rights records . 
  there is a reason you dont see states like micronesia buying f-16s, 
  yes this is the case , all the pilots sit in nevada . 
  ramstein , like aviano air base italy or camp lemonnier in djibouti are used for data transfer purposes when it comes to drones . 
  but thats all you guys did ? 
  attack on belgium , what was the european response ? 
  attack on france , what was the european response ? 
  the attack before these attacks , what was the european response ? 
  the next attack , what will be the european response ?
