  i have to clarify here  . 
  i remember one time my parents took us to scandinavia for vacation . 
  we were in helsinki in a hotel and our parents told us to go get ice , so off me and my sister went . 
  the ice machine was broken on our floor , or was n't even there i dont remember , so we had to go to the lobby to get some . 
  on our way back up we passed by these guys who had finnish flags in their hands , it must have been from a sports event , we knew they spoke english as one guy answered the other in english . 
  anyway where im from its rude not to at least say hello on an elevator . 
  so i looked over to them when the door closed and asked something like `` hi , were tourists over here , and want to see some really cool parts of helsinki , what do you recommend ! '', 
  the look of horror came on these two guys faces , mind you i was not older then 15 at the time , so i was totally confused . 
  they looked panicked , like this whole thing was beyond the scope of their reasoning . 
  they were dumbstruck , not a word from either of them , they quickly looked at me , made eye contact , and immediately looked away and to the floor , the ceiling , anywhere but at me . 
  it was an awkward ride the whole time . 
  then the door opened on their floor and they walked out , one of the guys turned around looked to the floor , and in a very soft voice , `` the harbor district is good '' . 
  then turned and left . 
  i think i scarred them for life . 
  edit : also we went to the harbor district , it was indeed very nice . 
  yah the greatest thing the polish brought to america since casimir pulaski himself !, 
  we dont get military parades in america period . 
  i dont know alot of places in america that would be okay with a tank rolling through their streets . 
  alot of places would start shooting at the tank either thinking , the chinese invaded , the russians invaded , or the government is out for mah guns . 
  man your an old fellow . 
  what was it like when you saw the first complete map of the new world ? 
  lol you are right i was thinking of the romanians, 
  this is true actually i got a friend from solvang , california . 
  big danish community there , the old danish-americans dont like the new danish people coming over . 
  as my friend said , his grandparents were danish loggers who wanted to get away from these `` asshat '' rich danes , now there all coming here and telling us how to live our lives and that we are not danish enough . 
  not much love lost between the established danish americans and these new guys apparently . 
  that 's not really unique in america though , there are alot of districts were certain ethnic groups are the majority . 
  pulaski street in chicago , little italy in boston , china town in san fran , little ethiopia on d.c , little egypt from cairo , illinois to memphis , tennessee , curry hill in ny . 
  diasporas tend to clump together when they come here . 
  then it looks like its time for me to start exporting wool burkas to northern europe !, 
  norway ? 
  they literally opened the gate for the nazis to get into norway !, 
  staying out of the war is good for your country , but lets not fool anyone into thinking sweden was nothing but a boon to the nazi 's . 
  the belgians , polish , hungarians , czechoslovakia , ect may have all lost and been subjugated . 
  but they caused damage to the nazis , killed nazis , destroyed nazi equipment , ect . 
  they helped win the war . 
  sweden has very little to be proud of between 1939-1945 . 
  well , everyone else fought when the nazis invaded them , the polish , belgians , romanians , ect . 
  got to give respect to the people that fought against all odds to protect their homeland from the most evil empire . 
  at the end of the day you guys did let the nazis invade your neighbor , through your country , which is the most shitty of moves ever pulled . 
  there is no way to spin that as `` we were the good guys too '' . 
  you guys were shitty allies in 1939-1945 . 
  you cant nuance your way out of that one because you helped train some norwegian resistance fighters which they needed cause of your nazi enabling in the first place . 
  so you took in some jews from belgium ? 
  is that supposed to mean something when you gave the most evil of empire most of their iron . 
  are you looking for a `` thanks for helping train the resistance fighters we now need because you let the nazi 's bum rush us through your country '' ? 
  lets be honest here sweden did some real shitty shit during the war . 
  you can nuance it all you like but at the end of the day the swedes helped the nazis more then they hurt them . 
   i think they let them use their railroads too . 
  yah to invade norway !, 
  i get sweden 's position at the time . 
  the nazi war machine seemed unstoppable but come on , you do n't let troops from the most evil of empires rush through your country to take your neighbor and then sell iron and ball bearings to the nazi 's throughout the war . 
  at least the belgians had the balls to fight even if they did lose , i can respect that . 
  but sweden in 1940 was run by a bunch of cowards . 
  it pisses me off to no end when i see a til on reddit about how sweden has not gone to war in 300 years , that 's not something to be proud of nazi enablers !, 
  when did reddit think finland was a super power ? 
  its a nice country and all but lets not fool ourselves into thinking sweden or finland could really withstand a war with today 's russia . 
  this is not 1941 , the russian army has not had the great purge it had in 1936-1938 . 
  russia is a modern mechanized force with a strong military , good generals , a large population , and a force of elite snow troopers in its siberian commandos . 
  stalins stupidity had more to do with the failures of the winter war then finland . 
  dont get me wrong , finland fought hard tooth and nail . 
  but todays russia is underestimated far to often , 2008 georgia showed russia its limits and where it needed improvement . 
  ukraine and syria have shown the world how capable the new russia military really is , battle hardened and highly professional . 
  switzerland is able to do this thought because it is a mountain territory with no strategic advantage in its capture . 
  it would take too long to move either french are german troops through the mountainous territory for any flanking action to work . 
  sweden has no such advantage and taking would mean control of alot of iron deposits and control of the baltic to north sea route . 
  indeed many countries in the world were formed merely as bull works to great powers , from belgium to mongolia , its not an uncommon reason for national identity or 21st century survival . 
  please sweden is attached to nato at the hip in everything but paper work . 
  if anything sweden is in nato-light or diet nato . 
  what about in cold climate countries ? 
  there are places in the world were wearing a balaclava is just needed for comfort . 
  it would not take much to create a burka made of wool . 
  it might actually catch on !, 
  hold on sec , you make it sound like the us annexed eastern europe from russia . 
  it must be said that eastern europe and the baltic moved quickly of their own free will to join the alliance . 
  these nations were annexed by the ussr and by proxy the russian successor state . 
  its not our fault everyone wanted out of the soviet union and to join the us alliance . 
  as for russia , yes the old ideological battle was over , the hope of many us think tanks was that russia like the rest of the former soviet alliance would willingly join the alliance . 
  and why not ? 
  nothing was stopping russia at that point , if russia had remained a democratic nation as put on by the yeltsin trajectory , there would be nothing stopping it from joining the alliance . 
  its only after putin became more and more authoritarian and less amicable to the west that this dream became differed . 
  like the germans before , russia was very much on the minds of the us political circles as being the ultimate end goal , bringing it into the fold as a full allied nation . 
  :| are you for real ... i would suggest you read up on chinese and japanese influences and immigration on the west coast before you make that statement . 
  the crux of intelligence is how its used . 
  if used with a heavy hand people feel threatened by it . 
  but intelligence acted on with a soft hand is n't particularly concerning on an individual level . 
  the nsa vacuums up alot of information but it does n't actively use 99.99 % of it , and it does not effect the average person in the world directly.a frenchmen may feel hurt by it , but the nsa gathering his information and then leaving iton a hard drive in no way effects the individuals daily life . 
  while groups like the stasi did n't even get a hundredth of the information , yet acted on even the slightest amount of intelligence with an iron fist . 
  if people do n't feel their daily lives effected then they can only be truly angry for so long . 
  well the original point after the fall of the ussr was that russia , like the rest of the soviet bloc would become free market and democratic and in turn would eventually join nato on their own accord . 
  that was the whole trajectory of the yeltsin-clinton era . 
  then putin came to power 2001 , and has n't let russia , or the former glory of the ussr , slip from his grasp . 
   we do n't want your hazardous foods , your low-brow tv , your fake made-up freedom , your brainwashed patriotic bullshit . 
  funny cause the free markets of the world consume alot of american goods , services , and entertainment . 
  i think the evidence says otherwise . 
  besides there is a glaring difference . 
  we sell our shit and people buy our shit , they vote with their money . 
  the icc is an institution and many countries around the world , including the big three are n't buying it . 
  not our fault your marketing was shit . 
  plenty of powerful countries are part of it , the problem being a ) they are middle tier powers ( germany , japan , uk , france ) for example .
