  i 'm glad you guys are irrelevant if we had to deal with you at the same level we deal with china and russia this earth would be a smoldering heap thanks to your pompous disrespectful ass continent . 
  no wonder the uk left you insufferable pricks . 
  there is only so much down talking i could take too from a continent that has n't been relevant since 1945 . 
  see since it 's a mongrel eu i can be racist-not-racist too . 
  wow ... nothing you said is actually an argument for or against ... go look up the word bigotry . 
  proportionally , when the chinese economy started slowing down its island base building , demanding fly over control , and military patrols started ramping up in the south china sea . 
  it does n't help my point in the slightest but it is worth noting your more likely to get pounced on by a cougar or mountain lion or attacked by a black bear , then run into a grizzly . 
  grizzly 's will avoid humans like the plague , a black bear though will start eating your garbage and living in your truck bed . 
  always bring bear repellents when going into the american wilds . 
  i 'll have to try it then . 
  i 've heard some of the outside tools are top notch , but intellisense has been so adequate i 've never taken the trouble . 
  well then you 'll find great beauty in north america 's vastness . 
  there are entire census areas without a soul for hundreds of miles in any direction . 
  or you could live in small town america where `` stranger '' only exist for a day , after your local town hall meeting/football game then its `` neighbors '' . 
  none taken and your not , you named bad shit about your home and situation but i 'm willing to bet there is also good there as well . 
  being poor and having a poor life are two very different things . 
  microsoft greatest gift to visual studios , 
  your not entirely wrong , i 'm an upper middle class american programmer , i ca n't deny what i am , but , your not entirely right either . 
  there are things that are so exclusive to one of those places that they are totally alien too the other two . 
  you 'll miss these things when you leave . 
  edit : i 'm indian-american so english is my first-ish language ... its also the subject i got the worst grades in in school . 
   i suck at grammer . 
  i 'll take a math test over a grammer test any day of the week and twice on sunday . 
  shit you can go even more basic then that , american 's are nicer and will talk too just about anyone on just about anything few places are so welcoming and open to discourse , i 've had a conversation with americans crossing a bridge , a library , in an elevator and in the middle of a national park . 
  it 's amazing to see so many people of so many ethnic groups all try to be `` american '' and when it succeeds it 's invigorating.nothing like watching a huge group of vietanamese people in thw cold of minnisotta celebrating a vietnamese festival with american flags all around being of two worlds without it ever feeling forced or fake it felt righteous , because the people felt it 's sense of truth and you could feel it when they talked.indians will look at you funny and europeans wo n't even give the time of day . 
  you 'll never find better tasting food for next to nothing as you can in india where the markets have more life then in the us and europe , and i mean real life , cows , tropical birds , people and monkeys all together in the oddest manner in the middle of a city . 
  public laughter after the sun goes down is truly a sight to be hold with alittle chi and a crow chilling next to you . 
  and few things are more ridiculous then watching a monkey , lay on a cow , while children run around the cow with a parrot flying above . 
  people everywhere bumping nudging shoving for room but happy in company . 
  you may feel like a sardine but you 'll never feel alone . 
  and there are few things more relaxing then waking up to the light rain and sun on a european temperate morning . 
  walking around quietly observing the world , getting lost down small streets and finding an odd bar in a basement or a flower shop on the second floor . 
  there is a stillness at times you wo n't find from boisterous americans and a billion indians . 
  even in the middle of a city it 's all so calm in comparison , in india people are filled to the brim and in the us it 's never quiet even in a small town . 
  it 's refreshing to open a window without seeing a person or hearing a sound other then birds . 
  i am romantisizing all these places of course but you get the idea , there are something that ca n't be replicated and would be sorely missed if that was your native land . 
  go travel with an open mind , do n't try and find the things that make your place home , find the things that make that place home . 
  so who gets first dibs , cause i 'm fairly sure taking away citizenship for known terrorists is standard procedure in the me . 
  i know saudi arabia does it . 
  why ca n't everyone , if your terrorist scum no nation wants you . 
  if the economy flounders then nationalist sentiments tend to take hold , the chinese economy flagged in the 60s and 70s and boom , you had the occupation of tibet and a war with india . 
  and right now the chinese economy is floundering again so ... 
  wtf ... is the eu serious here . 
  if states are now responsible for cross border misdeeds of criminals then the italian government owes money for the damn sicilian mafia in the billions , shit how many chop shops are there in romania stealing foreign cars for parts , what romania pays now ? 
  what next , send a bill to japan cause the yakuzza like to use rotterdam as their main illegal port . 
  this is petty as shit , now it just looks like the eu wants to get its pound of flesh for brexit . 
  this is ridiculous, 
  20 % in the us ... half the states have legalized it , i doubt it 's so low . 
  gdp per capita tells you one thing , raw gdp tells you something else . 
  in terms of raw gdp china is a powerhouse , and let 's be honest here in terms of the world stage china weilds way more power then the eu . 
  do not underestimate them or india . 
  minus this 300-400 year blip , china and india have always had the largest economies in the world . 
  first get the eu into the big 3 , then you can talk about world domination . 
  ... have you ever lived in those other `` world regions '' , i 've lived in 3 and i can tell you europe , india , and usa all have a great deal of good and a great deal of bad and not a single one out right wins in my book . 
   i am glad that europe does n't have fascists like madd mom 's against drunk driving are facist ... donald trump is a fascist , pis are fascists , people who support border control are fascist , putin is a fascist , le pen is a fascist , brexit is fascist ... at some point this sub is gon na have to learn that calling everyone who disagrees with you a facist makes you look like an idiot . 
  my god , europe has forgotten what a true facist is . 
  stop and use your brain , then you use your words this is truly getting out of hand , at this point it 's easier to make a list of who is not a facist according to this sub . 
  you guys are in some kind of seige mentality , get a goddamn grip . 
   ah , i knew it was a waste of time , you guys are rarely ever objective . 
  i hope the irony of this statement is n't lost on the guy with the big eu flag next to his user name . 
  by that same token neither does your own bnd . 
  if your going to lump every intelligence agency together you ca n't expect your own service to be saintly , but that definition ignores that intelligence agencies are shadow organizations , they operate in the grey and have proven critical to the national intrest . 
  they are the very definition of nessisary and useful evils . 
  technically , he said he had no contact , but he clarified that he had no contact as a trump campaign offical . 
  befor trump won the election , sessions was a us senator and ranking member of the armed services commitee . 
  in that position he did have talks with russian officals , which is by no means unusal or illegal . 
  so its a matter of in what capacity did he talk to sergey kislyak , 99 % sure i spelled his name wrong so the russian ambassador for clarification . 
  why would they ? 
  everyone in north america minus cuba already shares their data with the us , and the us has a big intelligence center at the gitmo on cuba anyway . 
  so ... like every other intelligence agency . 
  gladio was a nato stay behind force operation , no cia link has ever been proved despite 6 parliamentary inquiry in 4 separate nato states . 
  your referring to a time of great upheaval in italy called the years of lead . 
  you can put more bodies at the feet of italian communists , german communists , russian communists , the mob and far right ultra nationalists like the new order and the black guard then you can at the cia . 
  western europe spending lives and treasure to defend eastern europe ... yah that 'll happen . 
  some nations gdps are smaller then the cia budget ... what 's your point exactly . 
  because national governments are involved ... the eu and ep have no real power here . 
  what 's it gon na do ? 
  force the bnd to raid an allied operation it was fully aware of and uses data from !, 
  the ijn never went on the offensive again after the loss at midway , just as the british pacific fleet had to be folded into the us navy under nimitz after four months of war with the japanese fleet , specifically after the battle of the indian ocean and the battle of the java sea . 
  i would call that highly decisive . 
  both signaling the end of there individual domination of the oceans . 
  ships are not easily replaced and neither was able to regain their former domination of the sea . 
  like the spanish armada befor them , a single naval victory can completely change the course of the war . 
  what do i have mixed up ? 
  when japan and the british empire went to war the japanese navy proved the decisive victor . 
  between the battle of the java sea , the battle of the indian ocean , and the destruction of force z and taking of singapore the japanese navy decisively proved their navy superior in force . 
  it was not until the battle of midway and the sinking of 4 japanese carriers that the pacific war turned against them . 
  iran did in the straight of hormuz in 2011 . 
  a couple of frigates only works if overwhelming force is there to back it up . 
  iran could very easily sank the us task force sent to open the straight but to do so would have meant dealing with two carrier battlegroups tommorow and the entire us 5th fleet a week later . 
  do n't underestimate overwhelming unipolar force it 's kept this world much more peaceful then a multicolor world ever did, 
  navies are still on the of the few areas where victories are still highly devisive . 
  when the japanese navy wiped the british high seas fleet off the map people where stunned till they were destroyed only months later by the us navy . 
  one bad loss can spell total disaster for a navy . 
  majority of french people are also voting le pen in the first round . 
  so what 's the disconnect ? 
  you bring up a good point , but its an impossibility to make everyone happy . 
  if you live in a large state your individual vote does count for less but in the totality is more valued in the electoral college , and safe states which vote a certain way can often be ignored by a candidate although there problems often dominate the national debate and discourse . 
  how often do you hear about the violence in chicago vs egg producer taxes . 
  i will say improvements can be made but throwing out an institution for another system is often fraught with unforseen problems .
