  thats not too say the economics of america are bad . 
  the as a whole has never been better in many regards and its recovery from the 2008 crisis was impressive in comparison to the rest of the oecd . 
  so we are a relative declining power , but we are still a super power . 
  its more of there will soon be other super powers as well . 
  well im calling for the complete abandonment of our current federal government . 
  so the pecking order would be : local -  state/province/kingdom -  federal as opposed to the superstate model which is local -  regional -  federal -  superstate . 
  i am unfamiliar with the `` europe of regions '' idea . 
  agreed you got screwed over by geography , but what could we do about it ? 
  we were n't going to immediately declare war on the soviet union after wwii . 
  the soviet union was no push over in 1945 and what they did to you once they took control was horrible , but our reach was not unlimited . 
  but now there is no soviet union , russia , ideology wise , has completely collapsed . 
  now is the time to build to that future and create a relationship with eastern europe , but trust is once again built over time and eventually it will come to pass . 
  as posted above there would be no united states , sure the regions of the former united states would make up the bulk of the population , economy , military ect but there would not be a united states to begin with . 
  there would be texans and californians , like there would be welsh and manitobians . 
  there would be no middle man , it would go from state , province , kingdom directly to the new federal government . 
  this would avoid the plethora of problems that exist in the superstate model the eu uses . 
   no one likes your social or foreign policies here really , you dont create a very successful hegemony by no one liking you . 
  :7 besides , its the uk , they basically had the same me-mine-me foreign policy till the total collapse of the empire . 
  not like they were n't assholes either , no need for high horses . 
  but opportunity exists outside the eu if you are willing to seek it out . 
  the possibilities would mean a new world order . 
  one which the people of the uk can shape rather then be dictated too , that was what this vote was all about after all . 
  ahh but this where the expansion of state , provincial , and kingdom rights can occur . 
  cant agree on the us 2nd amendment then its not really a big deal . 
  have gun rights be enshrined as an issue below the federal government and have everyone pick their own gun laws . 
  the laws and the sea will stop guns , if anything canada will also benefit as the states which are more anti-gun boarder canada anyway . 
  bring the federal government back down and as we become one people im sure its powers will expand again but in the beginning have a very clear delineation between the two , separation of powers . 
  imagine thee possibilities , together we would be the strongest , richest , force the world has ever seen . 
  once again britannia would rule the waves !, 
  yes i agree , nominal gdp is better the gdp ppp in these cases . 
   it would turn europe into an american colony where a hegemony , we dont have colonies . 
  stop taking your european imperial-mercantilism and projecting it on us ... you would be a dependency . 
  in the rest of the worlds defense the eu changed the rules of the game , the world has used the same system for some time and eu has up ended the rules , saying everyone is an eu citizen and a citizen of a country . 
  while this may work for countries in europe it does not work for other nations . 
  the us for example had little to no formal relations with much of the eastern , baltic , and slavic regions of the eu . 
  can you really expect the us to trust romania , a country who the united states saw as an occupied region for most of us history up until 1990 and really say its citizens should be equal to those of france , a nation who the us has had strong relations with for more then two century 's now . 
  trust is built up over time . 
  plz , like africa ever had secure boarders to begin with ... 
  why not , there are some obvious advantages . 
  especially if the federal governments are abandoned , ie not : local -  state -  us -  superstates but instead : local -  state , kingdom , province -  new federal state . 
  think of it , canada now has the man power to begin claiming land in the north , australia/new zealand/uk are now totally secure at sea by ownership of the largest navy in the world . 
  major connections from the pacific rim to the north atlantic . 
  falklands totally secure , the grandest trade corridor in history , from sydney to los angles to new york to london !, 
  the richest country in the world by far !, 
  strongest military , more then enough internal resources , access to all of netflix !, 
  your looking at it nationally take a step back and think of it like this . 
  no more federal governments . 
  there is no us , uk , canada , australia , new zealand federal government , instead there is a union of states , provinces , and kingdoms . 
  a new capital , new federal laws , new government . 
  it would not be dictation by a united states as there will be no united states , it will instead be consensus of texas , wales , manitoba , ect . 
  under a new federal government . 
  the federal governments of our nations will be abandoned and instead a new one will take its place , the states , provinces , and kingdoms will retain there rights and maby even get some more as a consequence of this . 
  it was a complicated situation , for one pakistan flip flopped from democracy and military junta , us-pakistani relations flourished during the democracy years and was luke warm during the junta years but the flip flops occurred so much even the french could n't keep up with it . 
  india remained a democracy but unlike other democracies of the time which joined the us-alliance , india joined the third world non-aligned . 
  india was one of the founding members of the movement which tried to distance themselves from the us and russia . 
  pakistan also was fiercely anti-communist and anti-russia during the russo-afghan war . 
  india was more middle ground and tastily supported the russian invasion . 
  india was a socialist nation and much of the country was sympathetic to the communist cause . 
  also india greatly soured relations when they made a nuclear weapons from the atoms for peace deal which put us-indian relations back 30 years . 
  you make a point but i would not mind a canadian city being the new capital of the new union , winnipeg is perfect . 
  it fullfills all the criteria for a good capital in this union . 
  1 ) its centrally located in north america so it is not exposed on the periphery of the union like sydney or london . 
  2 ) its a small city with lots of land so it has infrastructure but also room to grow from the influx needed to make this new union function . 
  3 ) its not in the us , and this is important the former us would have 350 million people , most of the population of the union and would be the most dominant force in the union . 
  by putting the capital outside the us you avoid favoritism , while still keeping the capital close to most of the population , and giving the smaller states of the union reason to support it . 
  i am so for this union !, 
  agreed but to go alittle further to go by one measurement does not simply tell the whole story . 
  a combination of gdp , gdp per ppp , gdp per ppp per capita , gnp , % of manufacturing index , ect . 
  tell you the actual economic power of a country . 
  all measurement types have there uses and their pit falls . 
  only in combination can a complete picture occur . 
  i thought the alliance expanded after libya and bought some global hawks as well . 
  article v of the washington treaty is considered its case basis for casus foederis , the eu obligation does not meet the criteria for casus foederis . 
  in legal terms it is considered `` an attack on one is an attack on all '' policy, 
  this is true if sweden is invaded there will be little appetite in the us and canada to go to war with russia for what amounts to snow hills . 
  are we accounting for inflation here ? 
  ehh depends on the size of the economy . 
  free trade with china/usa/japan for instance is totally worth a one on one . 
  lichtenstein on the other hand can go to hell if it thinks it can sit at our table and demand things . 
   also , something i prefer is the concept of `` if you want to sell something you have to demonstrate it 's safe '' , against `` it 's ok to sell unless demonstrated unsafe '' . 
  thats not how the fda works , to get food products on to the market is quite rigorous . 
  the `` it 's ok to sell unless demonstrated unsafe '' , is for when food needs to be taken off the market post approval , the anti-ttip ran with it for their own agenda on the other hand and here we are , with half of europe thinking americans are dying of food related diseases while ignoring data saying otherwise . 
  as for the protective labeling thing , americans dont care , where europe does . 
  i doubt we will ever agree on that issue . 
  quite frankly i could not give two shits if my parm comes from italy or wisconsin so long as it tastes good and is parm . 
  yes , i know . 
  just today i ate bread , but it turned to sulfur in my mouth since the chemi-cola i was drinking breaks down elements . 
  it would be great for the us , the tpp looks complete which will link the allied nations of the pacific rim . 
  together with the ttip the us will have not just have military and democratic links , but complete economic links to all the allies . 
  the tpp and ttip would link the world through north america . 
  it would be most excellent for the greater american alliance system . 
  forcing both our european allies and our pacific allies into a mind set where their problems , from ukraine to the south china sea are problems for the alliance as a whole . 
  ... yes because americans are dying in droves from plastic in their food ... 
  i forgot how sick i get from my food ... it hurts so ... wo to me . 
  maby you guys should get off your high horse before you eat it and call it beef . 
  courts that already exist t level the playing field for all parties . 
  lets not forget the nations of the eu are for more whinny then the us and file far more cases to the wto . 
   or food regulations yah because you guys are so afraid of gmos its hilarious . 
  talking to a european about food safety and gmo is like talking to an american on climate change . 
  the stupid , uninformed win .
