  with fracking and tar sands , the largest deposits of crude oil in the world are now in the america 's . 
  namely canada , the us , and venezuela . 
  opec and the russians are keeping the market depressed to maintain market share . 
  but , the price of a barrel will never be the same . 
  as rising the price will make the more expensive , but more plentiful north american crude , more valuable . 
  thus forcing competition . 
  if the price becomes too high you will see north american oil exports in greater numbers . 
  the big difference being , america is highly developed , highly diverse economy so it as a country makes more money when the oil price is low then when it is high , which is the exact opposite of most other oil producing nations . 
  scotland , saudi arabia , norway , and canada are limited industrially with much smaller economies , and are resource based economies , high commodity prices are good for them but unlike in the past they no longer control the greatest means of production against the us . 
  oil isnt what it used to be and major oil finds in the last 10 years from unconventional sources has meant that now many first world countries , including the us , canada , and japan , now not only have enough oil to produce or themselves , but enough of it to flood the market and ensure opec and the oil countries no longer will have the power they once wielded in the 70 's . 
  anyone who bets their future on the price of a barrel is a fool . 
  man has a point , this sort of top down mandated multiple-identity , is nothing new , especially in europe.the ussr , ottoman empire , and austro-hungarian empire all had a policy of cultural assimilation similar to that of the eu , where the top echelons of the society tried to instill a sense of national identity , as well as an imperial/supernational identity . 
  the thing is it never works out well that way as none of the three ever succeed . 
  if the eu does it would be the first in europe but that 's not to say its never been done before . 
  india is an example of this . 
  edit : it is worth mentioning thought that `` india '' is a geographical area which has been controlled by single empires for long stretches of time in the past , ie guptes , marata , mughol , british and so forth . 
  it has also been united by a majority indigenous religion , hinduism , since 1500 bce so its got that going too . 
   why should we have to give up our ethnic identities to make others feel more included because otherwise they will always be part of the other , will never be part of society , and will always be a headache . 
   it is easy to be canadian , brazilian or american because they 're pretty much meaningless identities . 
  im indian-american , sitting in a mcdonalds , on my iphone looking at reddit while wearing blue jeans . 
  my next stop is the gun range to have some fun with friends with my m1911 . 
  your statement fills me with rage and emotions that makes me want to belittle you on internet . 
  then i realize that these emotions make what you say complete and utter trash for i am an american . 
  go to hell eruo commie  i am filled with american pride today !, 
  well if the french were careless with their data then its no one else 's fault but their own . 
  im sure the indians are pissed as hell about this . 
  i bet they get a massive discount for this one , but if i needed to buy submarines i would look twice before buying french now . 
  thats not true , most states have major debt and can indeed file for federal bankruptcy protection . 
  yes because i take it you or your wife , or both were us citizens and under jus soli american citizens children can automatically become us citizens regardless of race or ethnicity , with no proof of heritage needed . 
  by the legal definition the us falls under unrestricted jus soli as determined by the un . 
  yes because that still falls under jus soli , jus sanguinis would require proof of heritage . 
  listen if you want to fight anybody on this go fight the experts and wikipedia . 
  they list the us as jus soli condicionibus . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli#unrestricted_jus_soli i think im going to go ahead and believe the guys who administer the un legal definition . 
  i love that song !, 
  hitler always did love a good lgtbbq !, 
  it was too easy i could not resist . 
  ill see myself out . 
  [ nationalism !!!!!, 
  that 's still jus soli , not jus sanguinis as the blood of your parents does not account for this , but the citizenship of your parents does . 
  jus soli is very simple , born on us soil = automatic citizenship . 
  this is why an illegal immigrant in the us can have a child on us soil and that child becomes a full us citizen , this is not true under jus sanguinis . 
  as defined : jus soli : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli jus sangunis : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_sanguinis, 
  i know people on this subreddit dont like the stliglitz but for the moment if we play devils advocate here you can see he has a point . 
  since the euro has no control over fiscal policy of individual nations and creates many monetary policy restrictions , it creates in own feed back loop of highly restricted economic policy . 
  it cant simply be ignored that the oecd countries which have recovered the best from 2011 are the us , uk and japan all of which used quantitative easing and a robust combination of spending in the fiscal realm and tight interest rate control monetarily . 
  something euro members were simply unable to do as these tools were unavailable to them due to the euro . 
  if thats the case it could have been handled better , from an outside perspective it looks like propaganda . 
  the olympics has major restrictions on this , for instance only 2 athletes from one country can qualify for many events , alot of events have their own rules but that is the general rule of thumb it seems , which is why in women 's gymnastics only 2 americans could compete in the final despite 4 americans posting the best score . 
  by simply adding the total you are ignoring reality . 
  like in handball . 
  all three medal winners were european countries but under the rules , if the eu was a single team only 2 athletes from the eu could compete in the final making a sweep impossible . 
  how does that work in countries like belgium and switzerland ? 
  so like in belgium if you can prove you have french or flemish or burgundian or some other forms of ancestry you can get citizenship ? 
  in the us its real simple , born here : yes , not born here : no so i dont know how a jus sanguinis system works in detail as ive never experienced it . 
  like if you have french ancestry can you claim either belgian , french , or swiss citizenship ? 
  can you get all three or do you choose one ? 
  edit : why downvotes for question ? 
  what can i only do it if im in ask reddit or something ? 
  for europe to be a super power it has to federalize though . 
  i mean its missing all the basics , money transfers , singular military , a federal reserve , single fiscal policy , single cultural policy , no head of state , no singular foreign policy . 
  its like fitting a round peg into a square hole . 
  when a country with a smaller economy then miami has the power to call into question the very nature of a union , it does n't look like a super power . 
  russia and china have these things . 
  wait ... do some of you guys really still think the eu is a super power ? 
  now someone do it for the mongol empire !, 
  [ murica nationalism reporting in ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x593r62tpzc ), 
  the americas both north and south use jus soli condicionibus . 
  or unconditional soil based citizenship . 
  with a few exceptions in central america . 
  this is fairly exclusive to the americas however . 
  the uk , france and germany have a hybrid system were jus sanguinis is preferred but they do have a limited form of jus soli , jus soli conditionalis , conditional soil based citizenship . 
  since ireland abolished it 2004 , no european country grants citizenship based on unconditional jus soli anymore . 
  countries that do have unconditional jus soli outside of the americas are pakistan , lesotho , and tanzania . 
  most of the world still uses jus sanguinis, 
  what ?!, 
  thats what that one is measuring , and its doing it by country and not something like total land area or population or regional economics ? 
  thats idiotic since technically the us is larger then the eu by land mass , 9.857 million km \u00b2 to the eus 4.325 million km \u00b2 and has even greater freedom of labor movement being a single country . 
  thats not even a meaningful metric ? 
  it all depends on how small you cut a land mass up . 
   nobody 's really going to get excited by scores of engineers and silicon valley ceos ... uhmmm , yah they are . 
  i myself am a programmer , and if we need more programmers were going to india , south korea , and japan for these people . 
  there 's a reason asia is so well regarded in the fields of technology and engineering and why they are the only countries capable of keeping up with us it demands and startup needs . 
  alot of america 's startup success comes from our ability to import that talent . 
  i think i need to put it into new terms here . 
  okay london was a crater in ww2 ... do you consider that one a loss ? 
  ^ well , ^ maby ^ given ^ what ^ happened ^ to ^ the ^ empire . 
  the british were forced to stop the impressment of us sailors , the practice of british ships boarding us ships and taking the crew to work for the british navy . 
  the british were also forced to abandon the idea of the tecumseh 's confederacy . 
  which was to create a buffer state and limit us expansion west . 
  all in all it was a stalemate . 
  the british were forced to abandon the idea of limited united states and the americans were forced to abandon the idea of turning canadian provinces into states . 
  you repulsed the american invasion of canada , and we repulsed the british invasion of america and in the end the status quo was kept ... the war of 1812 was an exercise in futility . 
  this ... im indian-american . 
  i told my parents i wanted to join the youth baseball league . 
  they looked at me with a blank expression , then told me to shut my mouth and go study . 
  no one in india cares for sport . 
  its not on anyone 's priority list . 
  india would rather open a new it park then fund track and field . 
  indian culture does not put a high premium on sport .
