  there are estimated to be ~ 115,000 somali 's in the uk.it is the second largest concentration of somali 's outside of somali , the largest being somali refugees in yemen . 
  there is a larger number of somali 's living in the united states then in any individual nation of europe . 
  your talking about u3 vs u6 unemployment . 
  the us government uses 6 measures to determine unemployment . 
  u1 being least and u6 being to the most broad spectrum . 
  u3 is the one generally reported as it is the most accurate on a month to month basis . 
  its not fake , its just our must accurate measure within the scope of time statistically . 
  your cheery picking , he does indeed make good points , in the first set of quoted text he acknowledges that standardization of standards is a good thing and the eu helps facilitate that but he does say that concentration of power in a single beurcracy comes with new problems , its his opening statement to eu reform . 
  your second quoted texts point , is to point out that different regions have different rules and as such must be both moralistic and competitive in order to attract residents . 
  which is fair , regionalism brings differences . 
  yah , i work as a programmer over here and i can say i 've never heard of this website nor would i put this on my resume . 
  if someone wants to test my skills , they 'll tell me to program something , make a test on their own , or buy a test from lynda.com or another trusted source and make you take that . 
  california is one place and people keep focusing on the valley but they forget that silicon valley is a stand in for us tech in general and this is where the problem comes in . 
  tesla is mostly in nevada now , nasdaq and ibm are headquartered in new york , microsoft is in washington , texas instruments is in dallas , careerbuilder and orbitiz is in chicago , citrix is in florida , math works is in boston , ect ect . 
  people focus on this one geographic area and try to mimic it without realizing how much is outside of this one area . 
  europe does not need a silicon valley , it needs a tech ecosystem . 
  france always thinks france should have everything . 
  remember how stubborn they were with minitel . 
  that thing bit them in the ass so hard and they still could n't admit the whole thing was a failure . 
  the french are to stubborn a lot to be good at tech it requires a `` failure is okay '' personality that france simply does n't have . 
  great but its still less then most countries give to sub regions due to the small size of the eu budget . 
  anecdotes dont change the numerical evidence . 
  i would also like to point out that since croatia does not use the euro yet it is not in the same position as alot of other weak economies which have to deal with a very strong currency in comparison to a very weak economy . 
  if the greeks still had the drachma for example during this crisis they would simply lower the value of the drachma . 
  causing some internal hardships but increasing greek exports since greek goods would become cheaper in international markets . 
  with the euro , greece no longer has this option , limiting its monetary tools . 
  mississippi has the same problem , its economy is too weak for the dollar but the us government gives mississippi 45 % of its budget to offset this . 
  greece and other economies in the eurozone need this , or this whole thing is going to go tits up every year like it has been . 
  the impact may feel huge in your country but in comparison to other large economies its a drop in the bucket . 
  once again absolutely paltry figures , most of their aid during this crisis has been loans to greek banks and low interest loans , not debt forgiveness that the greeks need to start growing again . 
  even the imf is fed up that the eu wont do just straight debt forgiveness . 
  this is greece , little tiny greece , its an economy smaller then the miami metropolitan area . 
  this little tiny area brings into question the validity of your entire union making it look more fragile then glass . 
  just forgive half the debt , $ 150 billion , and move on with your lives . 
  why ? 
  the eu sounds great on paper but the core seems to get everything while the periphery gets nothing . 
  why show solidarity with a group that has been taking from you when your down ? 
  also look at it from the long run . 
  if this goes through and tech investment into ireland dries up , and it very well might , and starts going to germany or france think of your eu solidarity then . 
  the irish are known to like a good rebellion and your going to give them a reason to hate the new `` neo-imperialist eu '' on a silver platter . 
  that makes alot of sense . 
  you have a point that it is not parallel or equal as state law can trump federal law within state boarders in the us , marijuana laws for example . 
  interesting to see how this plays out then , as the irish would then have to follow treaty obligation . 
  sounds like a fight in the grey is brewing between the irish and the eu then . 
   the fact that you 're actually saying `` the eu should transfer money to the periphery '' , as if it did n't already happen on a really big scale , just shows that you do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  eu budget is paltry and the amount it hands out is paltry . 
  the eu budget is $ 162 billion , for comparison the us budget is $ 3.8 ** trillion ** , china 's annual budget is $ 2.2 trillion . 
  hell even india 's budget was bigger at $ 280 billion . 
  im sorry but the eu gives no money and gets no money . 
  all it does is prop up the euro and give germany and france leway to break the rules while fucking over small countries . 
  giving out handouts that do n't even rival third world countries . 
  mississippi alone got more money from the federal government then romania , bulgaria , ireland , spain , portugal , and even that money pit known as greece combined . 
  hell even tibet gets more money from china then the eu gives out to any member state , and they hate those guys . 
  which is hilarious . 
  especially since no one is actually giving the greeks the direct aid they need . 
  just shit loans and subsidies . 
  no , not like actual nation-states do . 
  im talking direct aid/direct funding not low price loans or subsidies . 
  the amount the eu gives to poor member states is paltry , which is no surprise since the eu budget is only $ 162 billion . 
  which sounds like a lot but in comparison to other large economies its nothing . 
  the us annual budget is 3.8 trillion , china 's budget is $ 2.2 trillion . 
  im not even talking about the uk ? 
  ireland applied its tax law , and both irish government and apple agree what is happening is within irish tax code . 
  it is the eu that is saying its against eu law . 
  and thus ireland must kill this advantage . 
  but what other advantage do these smaller states have ? 
  if apple is forced to pay ireland 13 billion why stay ? 
  would other companies set up shop in ireland now ? 
  all the advantages point to going to france and germany . 
  why ireland?why greece?why spain or portugal ? 
  the core has been making a sucking sound and the rest of europe has been hurting because of it . 
  with this loss why invest in a small country ? 
  either transfer money to poorer and less prosperous states , as almost all unions from the us to brazil to germany does . 
  or let them keep competitive advantages . 
  so far the eu seems like its all for germany , all for france , fuck off the rest of you . 
  why should a smaller state support the eu when the eu has done nothing but cause misery in the periphery ? 
  let them keep their competitive advantages or give them the money they need . 
  but the core cant keep taking , taking , taking all the time and expect european solidarity . 
  ireland is indeed not the victim here , but is this not a case of sovereignty . 
  why should ireland give up these jobs and tech companies so that one of the big players gets the contracts . 
  lets be clear here , apple wont set up its headquarters in eastern europe , the balkans , or the baltic , away from the richer western europe , farther from the main market , away from those that have the skill sets . 
  if these companies did not get this deal they would have probably set up shop in france or germany or italy . 
  the only real advantage ireland , luxembourg , or the netherlands has over germany , france or italy is this tax incentive.does the core really need more jobs from the periphery ? 
  what assurance do the small nations have that these sorts of jobs wont just go to the core and deprive the periphery of more and more . 
  the eu is starting to smell of some kind of new neo-economic-imperialism . 
  either allow the periphery some advantage or start setting up a state to state redistribution scheme , otherwise this just seems like the core taking from the weak ... again . 
  bp is responsible for the largest spill the gulf coast has ever seen.if halliburton spilled enough oil in the english channel to turn it into a sticky black goo , you could fine them all you like too . 
  bnp and hsbs both laundered us dollars for trade with iran , which is banned by us law . 
  its not our fault the dollar is the world reserve currency but it is there fault for using us assets on an embargoed country . 
  use euro 's next time ... if anyone still wants those lol . 
  while 1939 is technically the start of the war as it meant the war now raged in both the asia and europe . 
  it is worth noting that the first real engagement between a major axis power ( japan ) and major allied power ( china ) started in 1937 . 
  from 1937-1939 it was the second sino-japanese war but after 1939 it became another front of world war 2 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_sino-japanese_war, 
  i would need a source to say eu-law is irish law . 
  as this seems a natural separation of powers . 
  colorado law for example is not federal law and vice versa . 
  i have yet to read anything that says the eu has the right overrule sovereign state laws . 
  at this point the irish government and apple are both in agreement that no irish law was broken it is the eu that is saying ireland broke eu treaty . 
  at this point it now seems up in the air , and the question must now be asked . 
  who is sovereign over ireland , the eu or the irish government ?
