  congress keeps buying tanks because congress wont approve the abrams replacement the army wants , so they buy tanks to keep the current production line open.also there were originally 32 zumwalts planned , 29 have been cancelled . 
  regardless the fact that so many international conflict calculations change should the us decide its military is no longer worth keeping the peace is numerous . 
  are you going to argue the status quo would remain the same in europe if the us returned to our non-alignement stance we had in the early days of ww1 and ww2 ? 
  the status quo of numerous conflicts goes out the window from europe vs russia , saudi arabia vs iran , india vs pakistan , china vs japan , south korea vs north korea , colombia vs venezuela , ect . 
  we are expected to be engaged in some level in all these conflicts yet europe cant get 2 % of its gdp to its own defense ? 
  you can whataboutism all you want but at the end of the day western europe is in no position to currently defend eastern europe without us and the fact that some very rich countries cant do jack shit east of the oder is ridiculous . 
  [ germany cant even get parts for its planes to fly ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11057330/german-fighter-jets-unable-to-fly-and-mechanics-forced-to-borrow-spare-parts-claims-magazine.html ) , [ germany having to buy cheap and unreliable rifles ] ( http://www.popularmechanics.com/military/weapons/a21427/german-troops-dont-trust-their-weapons/ ) and [ bringing in brooms to war games to act as machine guns they dont have ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/02/19/germanys-army-is-so-under-equipped-that-it-used-broomsticks-instead-of-machine-guns/ ) , you want to bitch about us buying destroyers ? 
  germany is the richest , most populaous country in europe claiming the eu is the future and it wont do shit when russia takes half its backyard ? 
  with what ? 
  western europe ran out of bombs fighting libya , no bunker busters either had to buy them from the us and isreal . 
  western europe was unable to defeat cement , a technology perfected in 1945 , i doubt they can win a liberation war against russia , paper tigers who will think twice about fighting for people whose language they cant understamd once bodies start pilling up . 
  if they gave a shit why are us , canadian , and british troops always strugglig to find a fourth country on battalion rotation for eastern deployments ? 
  why is the richest country in europe sharing tank battalions with the netherlands when tanks would be the decisive asset in the baltic terrain ? 
  why is germany building nordstream ii to bypass eastern europe and make sure western european oil supplies are secured !, 
  why was france building russia a carrier after the invasion of georgia only to stop when all of eastern europe got pissed when they kept on building post ukraine . 
  you claim they give a shit but i have yet to see action follow this so called `` solidarity '' . 
  are you insane ? 
  western europe can defend western europe , eastern europe would just be plain old fucked and the fact that western europe doesnt care bothers me . 
  when they needed defence from 1945-1990 it was all good but now that its someone else , who gives a shit ? 
  wtf is that , western europe is rich , pay your share , defend your flank , and help democracy flourish in eastern europe , selfishness at ita highest !, 
  our german and italian bases are war concessions , they predate nato . 
  so what do we loose abonding eastern europe in the same manner western europe has done ? 
  if half of europe doesnt care if everything east of the oder is occupied by russia why should we ? 
  when the front moved we expected people in western europe to step up and defend the border . 
  the fact that russia gets such a free hand bothers no one in western europe , just plattitudes while you build nordstrem ii . 
  defence and sacrifice for a common democracy doesnt appear to be a trait we all share . 
  so long as western europe has a buffer state it appears . 
  common eu my ass . 
  what are you talking about , there are more then enough isolationists in the who are tired of european affairs and criticism . 
  russia has taken chunks out of ukraine and georgia and still this debate persists . 
  im starting to tire of western european selfishness on the matter . 
  besides our bases in italy and germany predate nato and are post war concessions on there own . 
  im more then willing to defend the young democracies in eastern europe , who are vulnerable to a much more powerful and much more belligerent russia . 
  i just wish western europe gave a shit about the same . 
  1945-1990 germany was the front line of a cold war . 
  now that germany has a buffer zone from russia we should get out and leave e.europe hanging . 
  this is ridiculous , how can you want a successful eu and not fullfill the defence obligations needed for the eu . 
  germany needs to pull its weight as do many other members , this new russia is not the soviet union but its no boris yeltzin russia either . 
  times have changed and russia has twice now annexed territory , eastern europe is not germanys buffer zone to be sold part and parcel to russia to keep it from threatening anything west of the oder . 
  the agreement stated it would be spent on new equipment and capacities . 
  not overheads . 
  except when we reduce our budget lithuanian , latvia , estonia , japan , south korea , taiwan , romania , poland , saudi arabia , india , isreal , egypt , the phillipines , micronesia , uae , australia , djibouti , morrocco , columbia , panama , ect . 
  start having annurisms , claiming we are abandoning them and regional security . 
  they start running tabloids new reports about power vacuums and go into a panic clamouring for the bomb because the us decided 20 carriers was enough , maby we dont need 22 of those bad boys . 
  there is a great deal of pressure on the us to keep the status quo . 
  and a great deal of annoyance when regional allies expect defence without doing the nessisary steps to defend themselves . 
  what kinda commie talk is this ... where do you go for midnight munchies if not for the glory of bell de taco !, 
  germany is the richest country in the eu with the highest population . 
  it should be an important part of nato . 
  instead its nominally irrelevent to any grand nato defence design . 
  it wasnt easy for us to spend money when it was germany on the front line of the cold war , the berlin airlift was not magic you know . 
  now the line has moved on to the baltic , romania and border states , which need defending . 
  germany is just being selfish now . 
  id rather have allies that can defend themselves nominally , then ones that get rolled over in 24 hours and expect a free bailout . 
  either this is an alliance of equals or its not . 
  its not a free rider program . 
  you bet the us does n't like being hacked or having its elections tampered with , and i 'm glad for all this mess . 
  putin wanted to hack the us to get a friendly white house , now he 's antagonized a very powerful country against him for years to come . 
  putin was not expecting this kinda blow back , trump no longer has the power to lift sanctions , or even smile in russia 's general direction without congress ripping him a new one . 
  putin f *** ed with the wrong country !, 
  punish him now and make him think twice the next time . 
  you know talk like that sounds less like a benevolent union and more like an empire . 
  a tone down would allay alot of fears of messy divorce , one must remember washington to beijing is watching and this is looking less cordial then the rest of us hoped . 
  sounds like the eu does n't know what clandestine trade negotiations are : logic 101 . 
  yes i was thinking the same thing , i can understand enforcement , but what is wrong with starting negotiations now and having them come into force the day it 's all done with the eu . 
  i doubt the uk will just sit there waiting 2 years to finish this then start negotiations which would take another year . 
   i mean were not allowed to make new trade deals with non eu countries until we leave honest question , why not . 
  the uk is not a small economy and many , including my country , would start trade deal negations with the uk right now . 
  what can the eu do to stop the uk , kick them out ? 
  the f117a nighthawk enter service in 1983 . 
  it would have been a good find but not really a game changer , it was already declassified by then and the airframe was aged . 
  it was good for pr but limited in its tech insights due to age . 
  replace with e coli sprouts . 
  between the killer sprouts and tin cans of shit something odd is going on with food in the eu in general and germany in particular . 
  also this lower quality food in eastern europe scandal is n't helping . 
  horse meat , cans of shit , e coli sprouts , the last decade has me thinking there something rotten in eu food production and regulation . 
  you do know they are n't all dead right ... cause the way you use past tense indicates you think all native americans are dead . 
  i have a feeling you must be from an older generation because lvl is universal short hand for level and if we 're going by native speakers well 320 million of us means we kinda decide the new rules man ... you and the portuguese can sit in a corner and cry about it but it 's happened . 
  there 's an old saying ... `` no matter how well you repair a broken mirror there will always be cracks '' . 
   it 's not like people in the us know basic geography yes all 320 million people in the united states are stupid ... at some point someone has to connect the dots of how a country of morons is this advanced . 
  my american-ness has trouble figuring out the arbitrary lines of europe nordic vs non-nordic , eec vs eu , northern vs southern vs western vs eastern ect . 
  if the clog shoe people are not in the nordic category then it only emphisis the point of economies of scale , sorry if i offended the new age hippie viking people or the windmill people , 
  ehhh it also must be said that the us economy by its sheer scale is also a more complex economy and will therefore have more complex problems . 
  the netherlands is the largest nordic economy at 752 billion per year , that 's a big economy , do n't get me wrong , but comparing it to an economy of 16.7 trillion per year has its limitations . 
  your talking about two economies which are on two completely different levels of economy of scale . 
  a major caveat must be acknowledged . 
  too true , imperialism in its natural course requires conflict . 
  either from rebellion against oppressors or rival empires challenging your rule . 
  illegitimate control breeds conflict . 
  anyone who lived under european rule has no problems with hitler , he killed lots of imperialists and freed them from european colonial rule , why would they hate him ? 
  so your going to go up to an indian and tell him 4.3 million is no big shit stop bitching ... ill get my popcorn . 
  edit : it 's not like classism racism is unique to india , feudalism is inherently the same thing and it 's illegal to discriminate by caste in india . 
  thats not to say it does n't happen but it 's not like any other country has figured out how to rid themselves of racism or classism either . 
  4.3 million dead . 
  4.3 million ! ... yah id say thats some hitler lvl shit . 
  to be fair most of them died before there was an america ; mostly from old world disease . 
  not saying we were n't pure dicks but when the population was over 5 million when the europeans first came vs the less then one million when the us came into existence ... is it genocide when most of the people were dead before the country in question started it ? 
  depends on how brown you are i guess because in my mind hitler and churchill are basically the same guy . 
  you can talk numbers all you want but it was europe that went to war with europe . 
  all we did was get taken by europe for a very long and painful ride .
