  dying to stop hitler 's evil empire from killing people seemed absurd to colonial 's when churchill was causing famine in india in 1943 for war supplies . 
  `` steal '' is a bit much , hilary is ahead in both the popular vote and super delegates , bernie is losing fair and square . 
  i like his foreign policy , his reorientation to the pacific and the expansion of the 3rd and the 7th fleet is welcome . 
  better then expanding the 5th and 6th fleet just to bomb a bunch of tent people . 
  well bush was thrown a very big curve ball in 9/11 . 
  its not like you can have 2,000 people dead in one of your alpha cities and not react . 
  right now i think the eu is more focused on keeping this a non story until the brexit vote then actually solving the problem . 
  ... because a multiparty system has never elected a populist . 
  less that more cold war has been over since 1990 and while europe faced no threat america was still the super power and so had to repatriate its forces to other theaters , the middle east and the pacific rim . 
  now europe faces problems on every front , from an unstable north africa to a once again great power russia , and europe was unprepared . 
  the problem being europe is now less important then the pacific rim and 60 % of us forces must be committed to the pacific allies . 
  europe must take the lead in the defense of europe , america has other regions of the world which are of greater importance . 
  unless the uk leaves because most of that 21 % is uk content since its in english . 
  a bbc article i read on this made it sound like if the uk left the eu it would no longer count but you make a good point , every article ive read on this uses the eu and europe interchangeably . 
  i dont know to be honest . 
  it will effect you in the sense that things you do want to watch might not show up because it would break the 20 % rule and netflix has to factor the cost of buying shit content on top of buying the content it wants just to stay legal . 
  and if everyone starts putting up rules like this then what ? 
  yah canada has these stupid rules too . 
  i think one of the big ones is , since so many acts/concerts are american in origin , canada has a law saying all foreign concerts must have a canadian opening act . 
  i live near the boarder ... i always miss the opening act since its always awful when i go across the boarder . 
  found the nordic . 
  64 % of all the worlds reserves is denominated in usd , 20 % in euros , and it just gets smaller from there on , pre-2008 you would have had a case but since then the euro has not lived up to its promises . 
  as for china and russia both are trading in each others currencies for political reasons , that reason being the dominance of the united states , but neither of them is foolish enough to get rid of the dollar , let alone get rid of it as their reserve currencies . 
  the rubble is worth nothing and renminbi doesnt float in the open markets , its price is set and pegged to the dollar anyway . 
  there is simply no good or trusted alternative in the world market . 
  as for my pessimism its simply realism from my perspective . 
  if the us were to scrap the fleets then a major power vacuum is inevitable . 
  what happens when china and not the 7th fleet is the largest in the south china sea ? 
  what happens when the 5th fleet is not the largest fleet in the persian gulf and the suez is left open ? 
  will russia push its fleet into the mediterranean if the 6th fleet is no longer there ? 
  will britain and argentina still play nice if the 4th fleet is n't there with the ability to break up a conflict ? 
  your talking about the complete breakdown of the status quo which has regulated the international freedom of the sea for a century , i would not take that lightly alot of things we take for granted like freedom of the seas , international passage through the suez and panama may be gone . 
  oh cool i missed that part . 
  i was worried i was going to loose my shows :3, 
  83 % , some question were a bit weird but i could join the uk no prob . 
   yep , there will be a time , when even the u.s. democracy will die out in it 's current form i dont think that will happen , democracy is like a weed , once it takes root it is very hard to get out . 
  even rebels in such countries immediately set up republics to gain legitimacy . 
  in its infancy in a nation , democratic ideals are easy to overthrow and kill , ie german wiemar republic , but after a generation or two its hard to set up an opposition with another system of government , ie france which at this point is on its nth ,5 th or 6th ? , republic and there has n't been a napoleon since the third one got kicked out . 
  the us would be especially problematic on this front as there has literally never been another form of government or tradition , if the american government were to fall to chaos and something were to rise from the ashes , chances are good it would be a new constitution as traditional continuity is very important to humans . 
  there is simply no other tradition to fall back on king , theocracy or otherwise . 
  and even though europe does have those traditions , its still very unlikely as a republican form of government is so much easier for the common man to get behind then a king . 
  yes , but it could hamper future deals with us networks . 
  remember most american produced content , the vast majority really , is not on netflix . 
  netflix has been in negotiation with a lot of us networks to get their catalogs , abc , nbc , cbs , amc , cartoon network , ifc , cw , adult swim , fox ect ect all have major parts of their catalog not on netflix . 
  if netflix wants to gain the back catalog or current catalog for these networks they now have to buy alot of shit from eu production houses , that means whats cheap to keep the quota at 20 % . 
  the second big problem is that if the uk leaves the eu then that 21 % drops drastically . 
  lets be honest here germany and sweden may produce a show or two but they dont churn out high quality english speaking content and no one speaks swedish or german . 
  the big winners might be spain as its a large market to capture , besides english , spanish its the only other european language worth hitting . 
  but more spanish content now comes from the america 's ( us/mexico/argentina ) then spain , so netflix has to hope that does n't take off or its back to square one for them . 
  i dont see how content quota will work in this global day and age , especially if other parts of the world , ie china , india , south korea , japan follow suit . 
  this will have one of two effects in my opinion , 1 ) it will make it so that other regions of the world will have the political cover to do the same thing , ie india , china , korea , japan . 
  in which case we are going to get a balkanization of content on a country by country basis . 
  especially since adding up 20 % from each place would probably make it greater then 100 % . 
  2 ) netflix and amazon will say okay but since the us churns out so much shit they will just begin buying up the low hanging fruit of shit shows that are cheap to fill the quota . 
  quality shows produced in europe will suffer as america has a competitive and absolute advantage in production . 
  so if netflix gets the rights to a big us networks shows , and most us content is n't on netflix yet so the potential is great , example cw ( the flash , arrow , supergirl ) ect . 
  it will force netflix to either wait for europe to produce more , which would be stupid , or buy up all the crap from the bottom of europe 's barrel , which it will do to get its good shows up . 
  i can see this going very poorly . 
  if the eu wants to compete with the us on this level then why not fund european content or give incentives to film in europe rather then go all 19th century protectionist ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  if president obama is ever asked a question about assange , i 'd really get a laugh if his answer was , `` who ? '', 
   the us economy is heavily dependent on the petrodollar and primary access market access to all hemispheres . 
  the us dollar is the world reserve currency , the linking of oil to usd is the same as the link of microchips to usd or any other product to usd . 
  its the worlds accepted form of currency , a mexican business and a russian business will have a hard time agreeing on pesos or rubles , but both will take usd . 
  whether its formalized and regulated like banking or oil , or unregulated like digital downloads and shipping the usd is the only currency that has all the qualities of a world reserve currency : easily traded , extremely stable , and abundance . 
  besides what else are you gon na use ? 
   american productivity would plummet if the country loses its hegemony of the seas . 
  im 100 % sure everyone 's productivity would plummet if the us losses its hegemony on the seas . 
  that kind of power vacuum would be devastating . 
  china and its neighbors would be open conflict closing down the largest shipping corridor in the world . 
  iran or any other middle eastern country with a decent navy could close the suez , the russians would go unchallenged in the north sea , and pirating in africa would become lucrative again and thats just off the top of my head . 
  im not for one , cheney was born during wwii ( 1941 ) , but remember this was a guy who grew up in an era where aa emplacements surrounding washington dc was the norm , you hid under your desk during nuke drills , and so forth . 
  were talking about men whose 20s was shaped by the cuban missile crisis and the near end of the world . 
  hindsight is 20/20 but at the time there was no guarantee the us would win the cold war , in fact for much of it we looked like we were losing especially considering the chaos american society is always going through compared to the lack of information coming out of the soviet union.it was always the best foot , highly choreographed forward with the ussr . 
  i dont think its political malice so much as political hardness , callousness . 
  its hard to get out of a siege mentality when you have been in such a mentality all your life . 
  i think your right but i do n't think its from political malice so much as the world they grew up in . 
  remember your talking about politicians whose formative years came from world war 2 , the rise of the iron curtain and the complete collapse of the european imperial systems which had given way to the new american hegemonic system , a transition which was quite bloody . 
  for instance if we were to take a look at us presidents , every president from eisenhower ( supreme allied commander ) all the way up to george w bush sr ( carrier fighter pilot ) was involved in world war ii . 
  clinton was the first president to not serve in it or any other conflict , he was the first president born in the american system and the long peace we have had . 
  presidents after him have not had those experiences , like people of my generation who never experienced the cold war first hand cant really relate to it . 
  if your asking yourself why john mccain , donald rumsfeld , and dick cheney are always looking for bogeyman , it is because for all of their lives there has always been a bogeyman . 
  actually bush ii and putin were best friends , bush jr had a much better relationship with russia then most , russians gave him a much warmer welcome then europe did and so he took it , and really got the us-russia ball rolling . 
  the miscalculation came from obama who thought the foundation bush jr left was capable of sustaining itself , obama miscalculated and his very cold relationship with putin was partly to blame . 
  if anything ukraine would have never happened under bush jr , bush jr and putin would have talked it out . 
  what ?!, 
  the russians are nothing like us we are the best in world we dont have to talk to russia if we dont want too , shut or ill killz you !!!, 
  til : 36 % of people in europe hate free money !, 
  the f-35 is an experiment in nato procurement , not just for a fighter but in an all new way of logistical support . 
  with the f-35 most of nato can share parts , expertise , weapons , and will be able to work on aircraft from multiple countries . 
  this means that italian air crews , stationed in germany , can work on a british f-35 , while loading munitions from the us , while loading up on fuel refined in norway , while using parts from canada to get as many allied aircraft into the air as possible . 
  it means that if something were to happen , french pilots can borrow us fighters stationed in germany and be completely proficient in the controls of the aircraft . 
  the f-35 has a rocky start not just because it can fill so many roles , but because it is the greatest leap in military logistics for the alliance since nato bullet standardization . 
  its worth giving a chance . 
   of course the ones who are conveniently absent of the list of those who have ratified the anti-clustermunition treatment and seem to be still producing it are amongst others russia , the usa and china . 
  why would any of the big three stop ? 
  they have the forces and capacity to make others bend and all of them work of the doctrine of full spectrum dominance to varying degrees . 
   most tech companies have their european hqs in dublin would that be silicon valley/san fran then ? 
  knowing the french to keep the british out ... they just might . 
  yes , the uk and russia were very much against the `` new world order '' the us was selling .
