  it is especially useless for advanced countries as their basket of goods is a ) different with computers and houses being included in the us but not in china , and the eu does not have a unified ppp basket so that is another whole host of mathematical variance . 
  b ) advanced economies do not make consumer goods . 
  american 's export services , processors , heavy farm equipment , commercial aircraft , ect . 
  the eu is in a similar vein to the us in western europe and more like the chinese economy in eastern europe , so more variance . 
  nominal is the way you assessing international markets as it accounts for international trade without the distortion . 
  in this case for comparing markets you would use gdp nominal . 
  its really more a cultural issue , giving away sovereignty even perceived sovereignty to an international body in some third party country is political suicide . 
  i mean the us refused to sign the un disability treaty and un treaty on child trafficking and both of those un conventions are literally section for section copy pastes of the us law , which the un used as a model in both cases . 
  do not underestimate the power of sovereignty in the us-australia-uk . 
   but not submitting to the icj does mean a country still can break the law does it , if you never ratified its not the law within your jurisdiction . 
  also all icj rulings are still subject to un security council vetos ... so who the hell cares . 
  with germany down the only big developed guys left are italy , japan , and south korea right ? 
  what other developed countries are left after this ? 
   would be decided the same way the eu is currently making decisions . 
  endless debate and mired in total inaction at swift russian aggression ... 
  yes because the last time europe had big armies they decided war was unthinkable ... your history does not gel with your statement for `` armed neutrality '' . 
   britain will have 2 , italy has two and spain has 1 plus another decommissioned one , so europe about ~ 6 carriers . 
  additionally france has 3 helicopter carriers and britain one . 
  if thats the case and were allowing support , amphibious , and helicopter carriers in then the numbers goes to 22 american carriers , 12 mothballed , and 2 under construction including the ford ... what i want to know is why is this thread so interested in going to war with the us now ? 
  it gives `` a '' search result ... 
  i would say `` have i ever been dissatisfied with a google search '' ? 
  im sure at one point i was but everything else is crap . 
  the eu is hating the player not the game ... offer me a better more relevant search and i will use your free service over google ... of course the problem being that everything google touches minus google + is pure gold . 
  the best at what it is . 
  best maps , google.best search , google . 
  best shopping , amazon , but google is getting better . 
  market share when the barrier of entry is zero has gone to the best company . 
  their cheap and come from the same design ideas as russian fighters . 
  americans tend to make interdiction fighters , large , lots of fuel , lots of weapons , flies high . 
  designed primarily to invade enemy airspace . 
  the french and russians come from the same school of making interceptor aircraft , nimble , light , bubble canopy , low response time . 
  designed to defend airspace . 
  they will make good russian simulation fighters . 
  so these pmc can now sell enemy training aircraft for exercises to the us military . 
  wait i thought e3 was the big one . 
  what is this bigger by ? 
  number of booths ? 
  number of companys that come ? 
  certainly not by live coverage , i mean youtube went full e3 for a week . 
  we did n't help saddam so much as even the playing field between iraq and iran . 
  lets not forget we fed arms and money to iran as well so no one side could truly outright win the war . 
  after all the last thing the us wanted was a hegemonic persian power , especially when the choice is genocidal maniac authoritarian , and religious zealots in iran who only come in number 2 for most executions by the state because china executes entire villages according to human right watch . 
  henry kissenger said it best when it comes to that war , `` it 's a pity both sides ca n't lose '' ( commenting on iran-iraq war , 1980 -- 1988 ), 
  were america ... we a have a trade deficit with everyone . 
  they went to war with india too in the 70s . 
  its very telling when every single country you have a border with has a border dispute with you . 
  the only building which may take longer to construct then the berlin brandenburg airport , 
  the crown dynasty existed for that long , the constitutional state of the austro-hungarian empire did n't come into existence until 1867 . 
  it literally mashed together the crowns holdings of austria , hungary , and alot of of slavs , serbs , and bosnia 's muslim . 
  into something like 3 states , that act almost totally independently of each other , under one crown at the top . 
   [ austro-hungarian empire ] a great power for half a millenium that increased the living position of its subjects considerably over its existence ? 
  it lasted for a little over 50 years , the exact reign of franz joseph i. . . you dont know much about this empire clearly . 
  [ austro-hungarian empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria-hungary ), 
  you do remember that vial of anthrax collen powell held in front of the un right ? 
  that white powder in a vial was n't there to represent nuclear fallout pixie dust man . 
  now i 'm not saying iraq was n't mistake . 
  i 'm just saying our mistake was not realizing how big a power vacuum would be left after killing a genocidal maniac . 
  let 's not forget saddam used biological weapons , was responsible for the anfal genocide , and holds the record for largest use of chemical weapons on city . 
  we did n't think it through ... but we did n't kill ghandi . 
  ... if you feel that way then you use the inferior product ... ill use google , 
  more like it would mean russia can fuck with ee without having to compromise its lucrative western oil contracts . 
  germany is going to sell out half of europe for its own energy security ... unity . 
   in germany the view is that peace in europe remain impossible without russia and against russia . 
  thats funny cause after georgia and ukraine you would think it would be `` peace is impossible with russia '' . 
  does the name of your country start with `` g - '' and end with '' - ermany '' . 
  if not you are hurting european interests : application denied !, 
  iraq was a believable one though , lets not forget saddam hussein used chemical weapons and genocide tactics during the [ anfal genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anfal_genocide ) and chemical and biological weapons during the [ iran-iraq war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran%e2%80%93iraq_war ) . 
  so there was a track record for the use of wmd used to help burn down some 4,500 villages and 3 cities . 
  [ halabja chemical attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/halabja_chemical_attack ) is the largest chemical attack on a city in history , killing ~ 5,000 and injuring 10,000 . 
  so im not gon na lose sleep over killing that man . 
  we may have gotten it wrong but we got it wrong on the side that killed the bastard . 
  the russian got it wrong in syria , thinking assad gave up all his weapons , but they got it wrong while helping the guy using wmds . 
  like i said , we got it wrong , but , we got it wrong on the right side . 
  your last point does n't even make sense , your comparing russia which did annex crimea , to the us which `` might '' pull out of an agreement . 
  your comparing a hypothetical to a fact . 
  one in which the us has the sovereign right to pull itself out of an agreement . 
  the other in which russia ignored the sovereignty of another . 
  because the old pipeline feeds to western europe as well . 
  before nord ii you could n't cut eastern europe without cutting off the lucrative western europe . 
  now germany is on a mission to make sure ee can be used as sacrificial lambs . 
  nord ii server but one purpose . 
  to allow putin free rain in half of europe . 
  it 's a disgusting policy . 
  and everyone can do nothing equally i see . 
  germany must lead the eu , and it cant do it from behind . 
  ask ee how well they feel the eu is doing on this issue compared to the us . 
  if germany is going to lead its going to have to make enemies or the eu will always be a do-nothing austro-hungarian empire 2.0 . 
  user name checks out ... you also realize we have 320 million people and the 4th largest income in the world and largest gdp in the world . 
  i think we can say it has benefited us greatly . 
   you ca n't even speak fucking english buddy . 
  type ... yah now you know how it feels , 
  we will be less hit , but its not like russia took baja , california or arch-angel , alaska . 
  it took crimea , ukraine . 
  oh well then why dont we actually get a policy memo then , seems you created a policy and forgot to tell washington , beijing , and new delhi . 
  last time i checked the germans had a position on nord ii , the polish had another , and the eu never got involved cause its easier to stick its head in the sand then its foot in the door . 
   russia is and will remain the biggest european country . 
  yah , you tend to get bigger and bigger when you start annexing territory . 
   peace in europe is impossible without russia and certainly impossible against russia . 
  peace in europe also seems to be impossible because of russia ... so go figure . 
  like i said , half of europe loves it , half of europe hates it .
