  people . 
  if you think us policy planners are worried of a more unified europe then i do n't think you 've come to the same conclusion as most of the world . 
  let me assure you no in russia , china or the usa believes there will be a more unified europe . 
  as far as most of the world is concerned its far more likely people are planning for a european break up over a european state . 
  actually vietnam was the french entangling the americans into a war . 
  sweden is hardly neutral , your side is well established , no one in the russian and chinese block are going to really believe neutrality anyway . 
  might as well join the us block in full , probably a g8 seat and a seat on the g20 . 
  access to broader markets outside europe . 
  us , japan , s.korea , ect . 
  and having a say in the nato alliance ca n't hurt either . 
  i hate to break it you but history is filled with small countries being eaten by little countries all the time . 
  why on earth do you think that stopped ? 
  edit : i dont know why i said little eating small . 
  i meant big eating small . 
  as such `` history is filled with small countries being eaten by big countries all the time . '', 
  ha-ha its funny because the us would just ignore the eu ... wait, 
  if i may interject , 1 . 
  11 % of americans do not have health insurance , those are the stories european media is used to picking on america . 
  workers right is a balancing act , too many and you have the problems facing europe today , unable to compete in world markets . 
  too few and you have problems faced in china . 
  why each european country competes for `` most rigid labor force '' is beyond me . 
  if anything the americans could give their people more worker right which is far easier then what we here in europe have to do , take away rights to become competitive again . 
  [ shrm report ] ( http://shrm.org/research/surveyfindings/documents/14-0301%20benefits_report_text_fnl.pdf ) hightlights ) as highlighted by the findings . 
  `` 98 % of employers offer at least some paid leave to their employees ; full-time employees earn between 6 and 20 vacation days at 86 % of employers surveyed . 
  about 96 % of surveyed employers give their employees paid time off during public holidays typically 6 per year.the average number of paid vacation days offered by private employers is 10 days after 1 year of service , 14 days after 5 years , 17 days after 10 years , and 19 days after 20 years . '', 
  my advice is to stop drinking the koolaid . 
  if you went purely by the european media , you would think the united states has been in a state of civil war from 1945 till present , and everyone over there is cold blooded maniac slave to money . 
  likewise there media is ready to call the eu dead before the body is cold . 
  people like to hear shitty news about people who they feel are their rivals . 
  take everything with a grain of salt . 
  you make a good point i only went by fleet tonnage for classification not operational purposes to illustrate the difference in the american classification by tonnage vs other navies . 
  the americans simply use larger ships for the same purpose as smaller ships in other navies . 
  the americans are a large blue water navy , whose modus operandi is total control of all major oceans and seas . 
  to accomplish this the us navy works on an upscale . 
  what constitutes a cruiser in the french or british navy is a destroyer in american classification systems . 
  this goes all the way up to the carrier level . 
  for instance the french charles de gaulle class has a displacement of 42,500 tonnes , this would make this ship a fleet carrier in every navy . 
  however in the us navy this would be classed down to an amphibious assault carrier , such as the america class carrier displacement 45,693 tonnes . 
  for the americans the fleet carrier must exceed 100,000 tonnes displacement such as the nimitz or ford class carriers . 
  the americans upscale everything thought . 
  comparing european carriers to the size of the nimitz or ford class carriers is really an odd comparison . 
  the american naval doctrine calls for total sea control , to achieve this they need more ships and bigger ships . 
  europe does not control any seas or oceans and we are allied with the americans so they technically secure the mediterranean and atlantic for us . 
  we just have to supplement their capabilities . 
  never bring up the common currency man , its not exactly a place the eu did a bang up job at implementing or executing . 
  crimea half of ukraine and half of georgia , but i guess you find this acceptable behaviour, 
  funny i thought that was stalin 's iron curtain policy , tell me again about how eastern europe should distrust nato and the us and instead trust russia . 
  you invent one cheese designed to be taken in military rations and wilderness hikes and all of a sudden europe thinks its the only cheese produced in your country . 
  yeah you should be happy that germany is screwing you over and acting against your intrests , ungrateful poles !, 
  sounds like a problem for the world , which includes the us , europe , and china . 
  and everyone else in between . 
  im sorry but if there is open conflict between a nordic alliance and russia ... well lets not mince words we all know the outcome of such a conflict . 
  i thought it was the fatherland so `` he '', 
  it does not create blind nationalism , if it did america would be a place devoid of counter-cultures and would have far greater uniformity . 
  its really more a matter of connotations . 
  where americans see a pledge to republic values , and adds belonging to immigrant societies , in shaping young people with no ties to each other into americans . 
  europe sees totalitarianism , fascism and monarchies which also had such pledges and oaths . 
  america has only ever had a republic so the pledge has republican principles and connotations . 
  this is not so in europe where they see this a step towards the hitler youths of the 1930s , and communist loyalty oaths of the 1950s-1990 . 
  ` espana , espana ' is good but it leaves you out of breath after two or three chants . 
  i thought ` eu , eu ' would work too but it very quickly turns into ` ew , ew ' , like something gross happened . 
  why not nationalism is a good thing ... too much nationalism is a bad thing . 
  besides taking one joke post out of context does not change the fact that europe needs a dose of european nationalism . 
  something is needed , to find a collective identity over current national identities and its an idea is it not . 
  displays of nationalism are an effective tool in the creation and maintenance of an identity across large areas and people . 
  i think europe could learn a thing or two from this , we dont do it and pan - europeanism is on the verge of collapse , lets not knock it considering we need something like it . 
  the thing with the ` usa ' chant is it is vocally intoxicating . 
  try saying it out loud and notice how easily it rolls off the tongue and how easy it is to go to the next ` usa ' it is phonetically and vocally an amazing simple and capable chant . 
  3 poppy non inhaling syllables , [ breath ] ,3 poppy non inhaling syllables , [ breath ] , ect ect . 
  try this with ` espa\u00f1a ' , ' fran\u00e7aise ' , ` uk ' , ect . 
  it just does n't pop . 
  its fascinating how chant able ` usa ' really is . 
  you say that like its a bad thing , considering pan-europeanism needs a healthy dose of nationalism just for pan-europeanism to survive it might be time to adopt such practices . 
  in america the pledge of allegiance is ingrained in the ideas of the republic . 
  it never had connotations with fascism , monarchy , totalitarianism , or communism like it did in europe because the us has only had one form of government . 
  for a european a bunch of kids pledging allegiance to a flag has connotations with nazi germany , brain washing and evil in america there is no such connotation . 
  its a pledge to a indivisible , republican form of government . 
  like it or not is has been effective in creating an american identity from a country so large . 
  europe could use such a tactic to create pan-european nationalism . 
  thats the beauty of america ... we dont have too . 
  we have bible thumpers and the largest porn industry in the world . 
  we have the largest immigrant population in the world and the kkk and other hate groups can still thrive . 
  we have both coke and pepsi . 
  that is america were others think in terms of this or that , america says `` no , im a capitalist , i want it all , i want both ! '', 
  straight from the mouth of the leader of isil , caliph abu bakr al-baghdadi , `` this blessed advance will not stop until we hit the last nail in the coffin of the sykes -- picot conspiracy '' . 
  one of the main goals of isil has always been to break the sykes-picot and form what the arabs saw as their birth right , the country promised to them by t e lawrence and the british government , [ greater syria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_syria ) sykes-picot line was drawn after the 1st world war not as a boarder for arab nations but for the purpose of spheres of influence between france , russia and britain after the dismantling of the ottoman empire . 
  britain and france essentially breaking there promise to arabs of an arab state , instead taking direct control of the region and its people . 
  it is one of the main grievances in the conflict , you cant simply dismiss it when that is the larger goal of our adversary . 
  besides its not even the first time we have pulled this shit . 
  we did the same thing when we left africa and the indian subcontinent . 
  we broke it up into smaller chunks , drew the lines so everyone was unhappy , and up and left . 
  the goal being to make sure these states had so many internal conflicts they would never challenge europe . 
  some places it worked , africa is a mess . 
  others it did not , india and china `` settled '' , their boarder relatively peacefully and now challenge europe all the time . 
  all tier 1 foreign contractors for the us government are nato allies . 
  there is no australian , japanese , south korean tier 1 contractors . 
  if the us isnt giving tier 1 status to japan , they aint given it to the finns . 
  the us navy , coast guard , or marine corp isnt going to give that large a contract to a non-nato ally anyway . 
  if the finns think a non-nato ally is getting a contract for 30 + icebreakers they are nuts . 
  the british and canada could be in the running but if your not in nato your not getting our money .
