  thats funny how that joke does not translate over and is taken seriously by many people not from america i never really though about how such a portrayal would skew people into thinking that 's typical in the us . 
  to be fair after threads like this one show up with cherry picked facts people start telling americans we live in a 3rd world shit hole when they 've never been here . 
  but what do i know im still waiting to go to jail and get murdered , 
  lack of holidays i can get , but crazy hours ? 
  is 40 hours a week not common in europe ? 
  but sweden is also in general more expensive then the us . 
  cost for food , clothing , gas , housing cost , ect is lower in the us then the rest of the oecd . 
  to be fair half of yemen does not currently control the other half of yemen so asking permission is kinda useless . 
  people are drawing some completely wrong conclusions based on a arbitrary list of facts , assuming all information is true . 
  you could change the whole dynamic of this list and this disscussion of who is `` better '' by adding more facts like : average tax rate , avg cost of food , avg cost of gas , avg home size , daylight per year , cars per person , avg housing cost , arable land per person , cost of child raising per year , ect ect . 
  this is worthless contextless dick waving , and not even very good dick waving at that . 
  the oecd figures say this is not true . 
  lol the polish were the only ones with forsight in europe in 2013 . 
  finland , sweden , germany , and ukraine still have the same answer ? 
  i think getting to 2 % is far more practical then waiting for an eu army to magically fix this . 
  europe does n't even have a unified foreign policy , how can there be a single army when you do n't have basic integration ? 
  okay then i shall literally copy pasta the answers . 
  for export ( look under history ) :  `` another sign of its reputation is seen in a persian phrase -- to give an `` indian answer '' , meaning `` a cut with an indian sword . 
  '' [ 9 ] wootz steel was widely exported and traded throughout ancient europe and the arab world , and became particularly famous in the middle east . 
  [ 9 ] '' reshaped metallurigal practices ( development of modern metallurgy ) :  from the 17th century onwards , several european travelers observed the steel manufacturing in south india , at mysore , malabar and golconda . 
  the word `` wootz '' appears to have originated as a mistranscription of wook , an anglicised version of ukku , the word for steel in the kannada language [ 14 ] [ 15 ] and telugu language . 
  according to one theory , the word ukku is based on the meaning `` melt , dissolve '' ; other dravidian languages have similar-sounding words for steel . 
  the tamil language root word for the alloy is urukku . 
  [ 16 ] another theory says that the word is a variation of uchcha or ucha ( `` superior '' ) . 
  when benjamin heyne inspected the indian steel in ceded districts and other kannada-speaking areas , he was informed that the steel was ucha kabbina ( `` superior iron '' ) , also known as ukku tundu in mysore . 
  [ 17 ] [ 18 ]  legends of wootz steel and damascus swords aroused the curiosity of the european scientific community from the 17th to the 19th century . 
  the use of high-carbon alloys was not known in europe previously and thus the research into wootz steel played an important role in the development of modern english , french and russian metallurgy . 
  [ 19 ]  in 1790 , samples of wootz steel were received by sir joseph banks , president of the british royal society , sent by helenus scott . 
  these samples were subjected to scientific examination and analysis by several experts . 
  [ 20 ] [ 21 ] [ 22 ]  specimens of daggers and other weapons were sent by the rajahs of india to the international exhibition of 1851 and 1862 . 
  though the arms of the swords were beautifully decorated and jeweled , they were most highly prized for the quality of their steel . 
  the swords of the sikhs were said to bear bending and crumpling , and yet be fine and sharp . 
  [ 9 ] if your gon na call me a liar at least have the decency to open the link and read it . 
  or are you an alternative facts man , cause the sources on here are legit and your not posting anything but opinions . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wootz_steel says otherwise , indicating the steel was widely exported as cake ingots to china , europe , and the middle east . 
  and reshaped the metallurgical practices of europe and russia in the 17th centuray when the process was finally exported from india and sri lanka . 
  i highly doubt europe will increase both . 
  it 's hard enough getting an increase in one . 
  that 's all well and good till russia invades lithuania , then the well you built in pakistan does n't mean shit anymore . 
  humanitarian aid spent on roads and medicine in sub sahara africa mean shit when russia invades the baltic . 
  at that point you be wishing you spent that cash on an at gun over a well in pakistan . 
  you 'd be surprised how a well a quick and capable and intervention can nip a problem in the bud . 
  everyone here talks of how the us is secure on its close to home front and can therfore focus on problems far afield . 
  many times people on this sub lambast at how the us has troops all over the world because of this and that this is a reason for us power , but we forget that in the 80s the us had to invade , panama , honduras , nicaragua , grenada , ect . 
  sometimes an intervention is better then letting a problem fester as has been the case in syria, 
  you have n't read your history , never underestimate russia , its a folly europe has made far to many times and never seems to learn from . 
  if the russians invade the baltic and stop you really believe germany will spend millions of lives and billions of euros to defend the baltic , all the while knowing russia will probably give them favorable oil prices for 10 years if they do n't interfere . 
  you have more faith then i do . 
  the article states 70 % of natos budget comes from the us , russias calculations towards the eu become much more favorable if the us did not back nato . 
  i know of no organization which can survive a 70 % funding loss . 
  ehhhh they all speak greek to me  / s, 
  ugh another one of these articles , last week berlin was the `` silicon valley of europe '' , the week before it was some place in the netherlands . 
  who will hold the title next week ? 
  find out the next episode of dbz, 
  do you know how much cheese is produced in canada and the us ... your not getting a trade deal if canadaian dairy farmers have label there stuff `` white cheese '' . 
  no canadaian political in alberta or british columbia is that ready to loss an election, 
  source ? 
  because every article i 've read has said greece would have to exit both and get a new currency . 
  no you cant and that is by russian design . 
  even nato in its current form agrees it can not hold the baltic in a war with russia , within 48 hours lithuania , latvia , and estonia will fall . 
  russias massive armor divisions have seen to that . 
  the nato alliance must therefore puts its force into a counter attack to drive the russians out . 
  this entire plan calls for all nato members to be ready for such a counter stroke . 
  without the us as it currently stand russia could take all three countries and not have to worry about such a counter stroke . 
  the combined forces of europe as they stand today do not have such forces to win in a limited war for the baltic . 
  only if russia overstretches and goes for poland will europe win , which is assuming that russia is full of idiots and europe is on its a-game , which it has not been since 1992 . 
  european army is one of those things that everyone on this sub calls for and then goes quiet on details . 
  who will lead this army , will the supreme commander have to be political in nature and switch from country to country ? 
  what are its parameters ? 
  if a country does n't like a mission can it pull out ? 
  how do integrate 28 languages in a single army ? 
  will units be multinational , or be of one nation per battalion ? 
  what if a nation does n't pay ? 
  what if one nation refuses to help another ? 
  will this new army be on top of the 2 % ? 
  i agree as well , especially since the last time you guys did n't have `` boring politicans '' like `` de gaulle '' or `` churchill '' you also had guys like `` hitler '' and `` stalin '', 
   no sub-saharan society ever developed writing on its own . 
  ethiopia , which created the syllabary system . 
  other smaller forms also exist so no , sub-sahara africa did have an original writing system . 
  nor does a lack of a homegrown writing system mean lack of civilization . 
  the japanese for instance gained theres from the chinese and koreans . 
  lets also not forget that almost all european languages come from latin and use the same 24 letter system , so by your definition no one outside of rome has civilization in europe either . 
  and people will still never forget ... nor should they . 
  modern germany like the us with slavery was born with original sin , a sin which predates the country itself . 
  its handling of it matters little . 
  til there was once an empire from central asia called the mongolians who created empire that stretched from china to germany . 
  who the hell is this man whose hordes beat the shit out of everyone from china to germany ? 
  who ? 
  nope the unfortunate problem of doing massive dick moves is you can never live them down.there is no way to erase a centuray of your countrymen being true pure asshole . 
  for america it 's slavery , for germany it 's the holocaust , for france it 's colonization . 
  lol i love those proclamations , my grandfather is indian and laughs his ass off . 
  at least wait till the people who lived under european colonial rule are dead first befor you spew nonsense of europe being the beacon of light , equality , justice and blah blah blah, 
  remember that the next time your angry my country takes your data , opens a new base , or forces europe into a war . 
  this line of thinking has its limits . 
  well there were genocides that occurred in the name of france in algeria and vietnam in 1908 . 
  is genocide not a crime against humanity, 
  yes the road was built to get the rubber from the tree for belgian industry and quotas were met with either rubber or right hands ... real progress cause of the road , hdi went up after all . 
  meanwhile there are ruined temples in india that stood for a thousand years with a crappie church sitting on it now ... progress, 
  that 's a bold claim , its not like civilization did not exist befor colonization . 
  espcially bold in places like china and india where civilizations are far older then there european counterparts .
