  rimpac is getting more and more elaborate for a reason . 
  even during the cold wars height the us and ussr had a working relationship , how do you think we in the west got tetris lol . 
  china and us are also each other 's largest trading partner but that does n't mean tensions ca n't run high and both australia and new zealand are very worried about china grabbing all of the spartly 's which would mean the total control of all trades routes from the pacific to indian ocean for both countries . 
  it 's why australia is allowing more us troops into darwin and new zealand is allowing us destroyers and crusiers back into its harbor . 
  and yes china is land grabbing other countries land , ignoring the un 200 nautical mile resolution , building military base islands and generally scaring the entire region . 
  you can fight on the details but the end of the day both china and russia are doing old school imperial power things and it 's truly frustrating that europe only cares about crimea and the pacific only cares about the spartly islands and both expect the us to help them and both are willing to sacrifice each other for their own safety . 
  americans are called selfish by much of the rest of the world but in this case we seem to be the only one defending democratic values on two fronts . 
  then expect worsening relations with the pacific alliance . 
  the two are now mutually exclusive just as the us soviet blocks were . 
  germany ca n't claim chinese territorial integrity one day and japanese the next . 
  a free trade pact is not the same thing as a military defensive pact . 
  not by a long shot . 
  besides we have free trade pacts bilateral with all the countries mentioned above . 
  you do the us actually was fairly average in terms of bullying and depression . 
  someone linked a study in here which had strong evidence that bullying and teen depression was actually worse in france , germany and the netherlands then it is in the us . 
  i find many of these comments shocking in regards to support for a eu-china alliance and a dismemberment of the us-european alliance . 
  considering china is taking land in the south china is sea in a disturbingly similar fashion to how russia attacked crimea . 
  considering the pacific alliance between the us , australia , new zealand , singapore , japan , south korea , and the phillipines has made it very clear this sort of thing is unacceptable . 
  i find it rather disturbing that democracies around the world are regionalizing and care more about their own problems and are willing to sacrifice fellow democracies on the other side of the globe . 
  it 's a argument for more integration or complete dismemberment , make up your mind cause this half ass thing makes any alliance with europe more trouble then it 's worth half the damn time . 
  either become a country or drop this charade . 
  make everyone 's life easier and actually make europe a usefully partner again . 
  when a new administration comes in some 5000 people in washington lose their jobs . 
  as for continuity he has put more pressure on the eu and nato allies to tighten there defence much more then any other president , going so far as to say we might not be as committed as we used to be if europe is not committed to its own defence but obama , clinton , and bush said the same thing in a much softer tone . 
  the us is being pulled in two directions here . 
  russia is eating eastern europe and china is claiming the whole south china sea . 
  the us ca n't be in both places if europe is not committed to do its part in the alliance . 
  south korea , japan , singapore , australia and the phillipines all full fill there alliance commitment . 
  that cute the you think states in the eu do n't squabble . 
  gon na pay that greek debt you 've been kicking down the road yet ? 
  but the eu is a group of countries not a group of states . 
  europe never had to deal with 50 individual foreign policies and one extra voice with virtually no foreign power at all . 
  it 's frustrating to policy makers when eastern europe wants america to shield it from russia , germany wants to build a pipeline to russia to bypass ukraine , france wants to build a carrier for russia , southern europe wants to lift sanctions on russia to trade and the eu wants to do all and none of these things because it wants to make all its member states happy all the time . 
  sooo ... like every leader with there cabinets and advisors then . 
  yes but they are n't , trump are they , 
  ehhhh from all i 've heard these camp do n't sound like good places , if you have a source saying otherwise ... 
  your not thinking hard enoguh , 3000 cows is a great place to start an animal breeding app , or an app for single farmers , ect . 
  more then 90 % of programmers dont live in silicon valley https://qz.com/729293/90-of-software-developers-work-outside-silicon-valley/, 
  why do you think most americans are stupid that 's a rather bold claim . 
  you might not agree with us on many things but i doubt the us could be as industrialized and so focused on tech if it was full of stupid people . 
  as for evolution it 's not banning evolution in schools , that was deemed illegal in the case edwards v. aguillard which held `` teaching creationism in public schools is unconstitutional because it attempts to advance a particular religion . '', 
  which is why the debate moved to creationist museums and teaching it in sunday school . 
  all us high school students are taught evolution is the unifying theory of biology . 
  i 'm surprised to learn the level of disinformation on the subject in europe . 
  most people do n't go to ivy or the privates , i went to a public school , university of illinois at urbana-champaign . 
  most college educated americans go to these kinds of schools . 
  i came out with a good education as did most of my class . 
  every state has its own university with its own university system . 
  i myself became a programmer and learned alot . 
  i would not consider my education to sub standard nor do most employers . 
  that 's a tad extreme , it 's not like i went to school in body armor and had to fight my local bully for my lunch money , nor do most kids . 
  i think your taking tv shows to their extreme conclusion . 
  mind you i graduated high school some time ago , 2008 , but none of that is terribly true . 
  maby if you went to an extreme case school , or one of those schools for at risk/juve youth . 
  i 'm sure you 'll find it . 
  but your making it sound like the movies are real . 
  why does everyone in europe think the us education system is dysfunctional like it churns out brain dead people or something . 
  our high schools are n't the best , but they are n't terrible either and we put alot of emphisis in our college education which i 've been told is some of the best in the world . 
  why does every european think the us education system is in total chaos ? 
  considering how many belgians have joined isis you might want to think of opening your own wing at club gitmo , 
  80 people died ... yes unfortunately . 
  and if he was a terrorist befor then he now is a terrorist who got 80 more people killed and gave all the money he got from the case directly to isis . 
  british and american tax payer money went isis directly !, 
  everything in his profile including being picked up on a battlefield in waziristan pakistan points to him being a combatant . 
  it is unfortunate terrorists groups do n't have good documentation for us to use as evidence but beyond a reasonable doubt this man seems like he was terrorist nuts well before gitmo . 
  guy was picked up in waziristan , pakistan were in 2001 a war , actually still continuing , is being fought between the pakistani army and jahdi groups . 
  innocent until proven guilty sure but the guy was found on a battlefield , there is also the concept of beyond reasonable doubt . 
  ehhh other way around . 
  more and more people in the us see the eu as part of the problem and the nation state as the solution . 
  instead of being the single voice of europe , the eu is just another voice of the 28 , yelling creating a cacophony of sound with little results . 
  the eu is not seen well in the us after the greek/eurozone , migrant , ukraine , brexit crisis all crisis which the nation state could solve but the eu can not . 
  from the us perspective it would be great to deal with 1 europe . 
  instead we deal with 28 nations and 1 `` thing '' with ill-defined foreign policy.its frustrating and hard to take seriously an eu which says bad russia while france sells them a carrier , germany pays them for a pipeline , and eastern europe is calling for defence against russia . 
  the eu has not done a good job of pring itself in the us . 
  if people arrested me for the crime of terrorism i would be surprised even as a brown american . 
  given i 'm not in the middle of a battlefield . 
  with an ak in my hand . 
  do you have proof he was a chill dude befor gitmo because the article does not say such ... it sounds like your speculating as to his mental previous, 
  becuase people would have to spend so much time debating minute issues they could never work a full 8 hour day . 
  small forums make sense but at some point the scale is just to larger for everyone to debate every issue and not have fundamental problems . 
  scale brings ... scale but you lose direct connection . 
  agreed the south sounds more north , the north tastes more southern , we all remember the alamo and i will be pissed if la does n't get the 2024 olympics , and i live on the other side of the goddammit country !, 
  so guido italian mixed with mexicans , some mob influence and a cony dog ... i 'll stick to being a flag waving american who defines his lands from sea to shinning sea !, 
  it 's the old adage , when another american asks you were your from you tell him your state , when a foreigner asks , you tell him your american, 
  i 'm most surprised in germany , italy i can kind of understand with the machismo attitude . 
  but in all the polls i see gay marriage is very popular right in germany . 
  ask spain how well that worked . 
  i doubt any calls of him being dumb , stupid , ect ... i dont think someone can expand and hold such a large businesses empire if they we 're purely stupid . 
  that being said the no teleprompter/talking off the cuff is part of his appeal . 
  he came in as an anti-establishment , never held public office sort of guy . 
  him not sounding like his sound bites were polished to a shine and having grit in his speech won him the election . 
  sorry your international law seems to never work once bullets start flying . 
  maby if you yell long enough from your ivory tower something will change . 
  but if your so keen on international law you can start prosecuting european companies that sell weapons to saudi arabia and it 's coalition , or perhaps iran for its backing of the rebels . 
  you know , something that involves you and hurts your intrests . 
  europe gets real quiet about that part of said international law . 
  oh look a judgemental european whose remarks about a situation are as useful as his nations ability to actually effect change in the crisis ... see i can do that too . 
  i 'm a programmer , which i would consider a professional job and i work 40 hours that 's fairly typical , most people in my office work those hours . 
  as for 3 jobs and stuff , that 's tv banter to make a point of how hard working a charecter is , like the dad on the show everybody hates chris . 
  thats not common unless you are single , high school diploma , 3 kids situation ... but even then going on welfare is probably worth more .
