  i am all for ditching the middle east and focusing on nato and the creation of a permanent alliance in the pacific . 
  we dont need their oil anymore , we dont like them and their authoritarianism , were not fond of their overly bellicose religious views , and they are currently to busy killing each other to notice us . 
  screw me we dont need them anymore . 
  i doubt that . 
  for one what would be the mandate for a eu military ? 
  will the british accept an eu military unwilling to defend the falklands ? 
  would the french accept an eu military unwilling to help and intervene in mali ? 
  will the germans get a veto against such interventions?what happens when the vote is split like it was in libya , germany saying no , france saying yes to intervention ? 
  eastern europe will demand western europe pay more for the totality of european defense as they are the most vulnerable to russia , will the west comply or continue to cut their military budgets in the wake of a more powerful russia ? 
  to many unanswerable questions and differing interests , not happening without federalization . 
  money is not a means of military capability . 
  this is where the `` paper tigers '' come from . 
  the [ nato report ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/15/world/africa/nato-sees-flaws-in-air-campaign-against-qaddafi.html?_r=0 ) leaked about libya showed just how limited european nations are in their capacity to defeat a well trained and equipped military like russia without the us playing a disproportionate role . 
  if nato secretary general anders fogh rasmussen is to be believed then europe is not ready to go it alone . 
  in his speech at the university of chicago in 2011 he said a little over 75 % of nato capability relied on the united states . 
  actually under sicofaa treaty , if an attack occurs on any country in the americas , armed forces of the americas are integrated as outlined by the rio treaty . 
  similar to how the european armed forces are folded into the nato infrastructure in times of crisis . 
  but the americans will more then likely throw in with the japanese , south koreans , or indians . 
  ethnic origins means little if europe keeps getting in the way of us interests . 
  after all the largest ethnic group of european are germans and america still went to war with them twice !, 
  merkel is still under the impression that she , and germany by extension , can be friends with everyone . 
  eventually she is going to either have to side with nato or with russia . 
  she can only be in the middle for so long . 
  depends on your definition of `` diversity '' . 
  in terms of ethnic or religious the us is much more diverse then europe . 
  if were talking about language diversity then yes europe is more diverse then the united states . 
  as for holidays that 's a national thing anyway . 
  india has a very diverse population speaking many languages with many customs . 
  but since 80 % of the country is hindu holi is celebrated nation wide . 
  oh man i 've been in on these conversations before , there is nothing worse then watching foreign nationals explain us regionalism . 
  everyone thinks their an expert since they have inhaled us movies and culture but it always turns into broad brushstrokes of ignorance . 
  this is gon na get really face palmy really quickly . 
   the largest seat ratio in the us 's house of representatives is california , with 53 seats , to the smallest ones like wyoming with only 1 seat , or a 53:1 ratio . 
  this is true but if we account for population density then europe and the us are very different . 
  most us counties , about 91 % , are defined as `` wilderness/minimal human interference '' by the un population demographic definition . 
  the us has highly concentrated , densely populated cities along the coasts and great lakes with lots of natural habitat between . 
  europe has a more even distribution of population density and much less habitat considered `` minimal human interference '' . 
  ratios need to be representative of the population and its density in the country itself . 
  its difficult to justify the comparison of representation ratios when the population density of the us and the eu are so dramatically different . 
  for a country of 80 million its below average in size to population . 
  why would you say that ? 
  history is littered with former buffer states , split states and puppet regimes . 
  what makes you think this is so impossible a scenario when its clearly happened before , many , many , many times before in fact . 
  but would france use that nuclear umbrella to save eastern europe and the eastern part of germany ? 
  i can totally see putin redrawing the map and leaveing a buffer state in between france and former germany . 
  hey if this is going down we get our slice of the pie back !, 
  we didnt leave west germany just so the russians could take it !, 
  nato member , absolutely not . 
  eu member , russia might do something . 
  it certainly would be the next phase of escalation since the game would be , dont get the americans involved thus limiting the military options on the table since the eu would not be in a military position to face russia . 
  then leave nato !, 
  if you dont have the basic sense to defend your fellow democracies when authoritarianism is at your door step then you have no right to be counted among the riotous nations who are . 
  if german weakness of character puts cracks in nato putin will see it and exploit it . 
  better if germany leaves then . 
  they used nato when it was convenient during their 50 years of turmoil , but wont extend the same courtesy to those countries who they put into the position of soviet occupation in the first place . 
  disgraceful . 
  edit : people think i am talking about austria cause the guy above me is austrian , but the conversation is about germany . 
   fair enough . 
  the german people never had a say in whether they want their sons to die on the battlefield for other countries and they would most likely reject it overwhelmingly . 
  article v of the alliance treaty makes it clear that it is quiet unforgivable !, 
  when germany needed nato they were there in kind and in force . 
  if germany cant see the plight of eastern europe as the usa and the west saw the plight of east germany then that 's just shameful and opportunistic . 
  i get that germany lost its spine after the war , but its high time they grew a pair of big ass ballz and started making sure the eu 's living room is n't putin 's front lawn . 
  ... pray i do not alter the deal further [ darth vader sounds ], 
  maby its just me and my american ways , but why do all the parties in europe sound like they belong to factions in counter-strike ? 
  america is tier 1 , but ... but ... 
  you do realize the us ban on chocolates with inedible objects inside of them predates kinder eggs by two decades . 
  iraq was under un sanctions after the 1990 invasion of kuwait , buying oil from iraq was illegal for all intense and purposes . 
  the currency change to euros was symbolic . 
  its not like iraq could export enough oil to make any real change since the only oil exported from them was in the oil-for-food program . 
  exactly !, 
  the us is disengaging from the middle east , not the world in general . 
  between the tpp , ttip , the pivot to asia and the rearmament in europe we are fairly engaged in the world , and no presidential candidate is advocating for pulling from these commitments . 
  the us is tired of the middle east , nothing is working and to be honest we kinda lucked into a situation in which the middle east is fighting each other and not worrying about us . 
  we are slowly disengaging and so long as they keep killing each other we can leave , not the ideal scenario but this is a region where democracy has failed spectacularly from pakistan to egypt . 
  agreed democracy must be shielded from authoritarianism . 
  if the russians refuse democratic values they should stay on their side of the line , annexation of territory goes completely against the grain . 
  why the germans will cow toe to the russians over something that has n't occurred in europe since sudetenland and the molotov -- ribbentrop pact is beyond me . 
  us strategic war stocks are automatically opened under the treaty washington ( the founding document of nato ) . 
  we did n't place a bunch of goodies their for the russians to find and play with . 
  a fair response and an understandable mindset by the german people , but this must stop , this is not the world of 1945 or even of 1990 . 
  germany is now , whether it likes it or not , the leader of the eu . 
  if obama needs to talk to europe he does n't cal hollande , or even tusk , he calls angie . 
  some will deride this as the fourth reich but at the end of the day it is what it is , germany is going to have to learn to step up to the plate , its going to have to get used to people from the outside watching their internal politics , its going to have to grow back that spine and reassure its allies in the east . 
  it going to have to lead , and sometimes learn to be the bad guy for the greater good . 
  otherwise the eu will fall apart, 
  well the germans and russians have had such a great working relationship , remember the last time germany and russia worked together , poland does , 
  eh if were going purely by economic regionalism then technically nafta and by extension north america is still the largest economic region in the world , of course this will be eclipsed in the year ahead with the signing of the tpp , which includes nafta and most of the pacific rim nations including major economies like japan and south korea . 
  they would probably say good and bad things about the united states and its global hegemony . 
  the founders were not fans of empires and jefferson himself wanted america to be agrarian based nation . 
  they might like aspects like the spread of republican values and final realization of manifest destiny , while weeping for the atrocities committed by the super power they created . 
  franklin would celebrate the scientific achievements of nasa and silicon valley , but , would lament the spread of the american military to every continent on the globe . 
  be easier on certain industries as well , the us/uk work much more closely then the us/eu does . 
  a great example is bae systems , it along with a canadian and australian company are the only foreign tier 1 defense manufacturers the us has approved . 
  this allows them to bid and get the high level projects . 
  this was actually the reason airbus and bae did not merge , since the us said they would loose tier 1 status if the merged with airbus , considered a german and french company by the us arms industry . 
  under a us/uk agreement , it would be far easier to negotiate defense contracts then with the us/eu . 
  people often forget that the us had little or no diplomatic relations with half of the eu till 1990 , trust is n't their yet . 
  the uk on the other had has alot more trust with the us government and vice versa , the uk for instance is the only foreign government which was aloud to test nuclear weapons on us soil . 
  you dont get that kind of trust over night .
