  as for me risking life and limb , well its not my donbass , its their donbass , their crimea , and they are will to fight for it . 
  i am all for giving them the weapons they need to stop the invader . 
  this isnt like iraq or afghanistan , where the intention was always to leave , hopefully with a better country behind us . 
  this is an imperial war . 
  russia is taking this permanently . 
  are we really going to allow russia to make this a norm in its foreign policy . 
  annexation is not okay and the ukraine wants it back . 
  give them the tech they need to fight . 
  so the answer is too do nothing as russia takes chunk after chunk of europe ? 
  we did your strategy in georgia , it obviously did not appease putin then , why would not escalating help now . 
  give the ukrainians a fighting chance . 
  they are willing to fight for their soil , lets make it a fair fight , the least we can do as allies instead of standing around with our dicks in our hands and our mouth flapping `` peace , peace , peace plz '' . 
  probably got some old laws lying around that the obama administration can miss place in ukraine . 
  we embargoed the country to the point where it became a third world back water , the last dictatorship in the america 's , alienated within the oas , and had to be propped up first by the russians , then the venezuelan 's and no with no one its in free fall . 
  i would not consider the the cuba of the last 70 years a victory for the cuban people . 
  would your country accept a peace deal where you lose half the country ? 
  its worth it to those that want independent ukraine . 
  but letting russia take eastern ukraine is better in what way . 
  better to fight now . 
  it must also be said that the last time air to air combat was a thing . 
  the first gulf war all air-to-air combat kills occurred outside of visual range . 
  many analysts think dogfighting is now a thing of the past as missiles now out range fighter planes and stealth has made it more like submarine warfare in the skies . 
  its familiarity , the us is the nation most payed attention too , as its actions have greater consequences for people around the world . 
  if your going to have a comparison that everyone is going to get its probably going to be the us . 
  how many people have an opinion on the politics of japan , or germany , or brazil . 
  all three are very important nations but how many are familiar with all three ? 
  now take a brazilian , german , and japanese person and ask them about us politics . 
  now everyone is an expert apparently . 
  fine ill take it back liberation i can see is a sore point , but it was a nit pick of themain point of my original post : the gun is intertwined with us history to a greater degree then in most places . 
  the mexican government invited us settlers to those lands north of the rio grande without giving them mexican citizenship , big mistake for them of course but the texans considered it liberation . 
  lesson to be learned there but mexico at the time was under a dictatorship . 
  there was a reason why the us got alot of help from these regions during the mexican american war and why more then 90 % of mexicans in those territories chose to become us citizens when offered by the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo . 
  at this point i dont hear these parts of the country complaining about being occupied or wanting to be mexican . 
  treaty of guadalupe hidalgo where we acquired all that sweet sweet land came after texas , but they are directly linked yes . 
  lol , might want to sue insee for [ this ] ( http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/tableau.asp?reg_id=0&amp;ref_id=payscoupleimmi ) and [ this ] ( https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/sites/default/files/museucitiesfra_20080101_0.pdf ) . 
  you claim i have a lack of knowledge when it is you yourself who are ignorant . 
  insee and ined are exempt from this law . 
  they are allowed to document these statistics . 
  you also seemed miffed about the french algerian war , but to say racism was not involved is ridiculous . 
  you need only look at the way north african french troops were treated in world war 2 . 
  french algerian soldiers were denied leave , ill equipped , often used as fodder , and given no pension post war compared to white french troopers . 
  if it was a civil war , it was a war for basic civil liberties , but the algerians saw it as independence . 
  just because france did not bring its slaves to europe does not mean there were no slaves in the french empire . 
  as i stated out of sight out mind . 
  french colonies in the caribbean ( haiti being the most notorious for french colonial brutality ) , north africa , and south east asia were full of slaves creating raw materials to be shipped back to france . 
  go look up mercantilism , the economic system used by western europe till 1945 . 
  it was based on the acquisition of raw materials from the colonies , ( guess who did the mining , sowing , planting , picking and labor ) which could be taken for free , then shipped back to the home country to make finished products . 
  its was literally your economic system for like 500 years . 
  you cant not know this man . 
  if i lack knowledge of europe i do n't even know what level of ignorance you are currently residing in on north america , it cant be as bad as your apparent lack of knowledge about your own country . 
  i dont think thats right . 
  many roma immigrated to the united states since 1945 , there are now more roma in the us then in any individual nation of europe , and a very sizable population in canada as well . 
  if we or canada barred clan rights i dont think that would be the case . 
  politics is not in a vacuum . 
  living next to a giant mean certain considerations will always be part of your foreign policy . 
  like bismark 's `` keep russia happy '' doctrine , mexico and canada must do the same . 
  or have a cuba like situation . 
  there are 112.6 guns for every 100 us citizens . 
  so yes , just assume everyone is armed . 
  where there is money and wealth there is drugs and where there is drugs there are gangs . 
  europe has gangs but the difference is they are not armed and if they are armed they dont carry it openly as they can in the us . 
  th us can not culturally escape the gun . 
  it freed us as a colony , it protected us on the frontier , its fought wars to liberate texas from mexico and to join the union , all without the us government ever firing a shot . 
  it has shaped this country . 
  most of the world never had an armed populace as most of the time the army was putting down rebellions . 
  we are a paranoid lot , the gun is the ultimate symbol of america 's ability to fight back in case our government become tyrannical , it has caused alot of problems in this country to be sure , but it has oddly created a balance of governance , there is a reason the us government has shown an unusual amount of longevity in its system of governance . 
  actually you can very easily argue aziz ansari reaches more people then friedman but the point of the opinion section is for people with interesting viewpoints to talk about subjects they dont normally get to weigh in on . 
  their opinion . 
  oh , its gon na be one of these ... as your article states the 30 % figure comes from an extrapolation done from figures in 2001 , '' continuing at that rate , the proportion will increase to one in every 15 of those born in 2001 . '', 
  however this trend did not continue as 2001 was the height of all incarcaration rates in the country after loosening mandatory minimum laws , as can be seen [ here ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/02/10/almost-nobody-is-paying-attention-to-this-massive-change-in-criminal-justice/ ) also if you , and france , dont consider the religiosity of the us to be a negative then why bring it up in a list of negatives as you did in your previous post . 
  if its a non issue then why bring it up in a negative light ? 
   in france we do n't have a census departments to count people by their `` race '' `` etnic '' `` religion '' we just do n't do that . 
  insee like all equivalent census department tracks race , age , gender , ethnicity , religion , education level , language , immigration status , ect . 
   you 're not a mixed country , i mean they are litteraly cities with only poor blacks in the us , some of them with trouble with basic needs like tap water ... that first part is a fairly simple , the country is going to be majority-minority by 2030 , you really cant get any more mixed then that , there is literally no ethnic group that will make up the majority of the country , how is that not mixed . 
  what is your definition ? 
  as for the water crisis in flint this occurred in michigan , a state where all the cities are failing from detroit on down , its our greece . 
  they essentially changed water systems to save money , but the harder water corroded the pipes causing the leach of lead , a technical/engineering fault not a way to `` kill the black '' , as you seem to think . 
  the federal government has had to step in and the problem is being fixed but like all inner cities , world wide , the biggest problem is they are poverty traps . 
  i would not be so high and mighty given the major poverty and lack of transportation in many french banlieue . 
  places like clichy-sous-bois , and other `` urban sensativity zones '' where most of france 's non-european minorities live . 
  how many times have you gone to the other side of the p\u00e9riph\u00e9rique ? 
  they are not good places to live . 
   long story short , your country has a huge problem with racism , it 's much bigger than we will ever have . 
  probably , most highly mixed countries have these problems , from canadaian first nation people 's to australia and its poorer south east asian communities . 
  even you guys had these problems when you were a more diverse country in the early 1900 's till about 1970 's . 
  the 1961 paris massacre being a prime example . 
   and yet here you are with your holier-than-thou attitude , explaining us what we should do ... 
  so you dont agree with the article , okay . 
  why take it out on me , all i did was correct some facts not give you ways of solving problems . 
   and that , for a country born and mostly built by christian fanatics ( well mostly by slaves actually ) bother you a lot . 
  christian fanatics you expelled , mad because we have become a powerful , capable country , get over it . 
  also , i would not get on a high horse about what was and was not built on slavery . 
  for one slavery as an institution is older then any country in the america 's including my own . 
  brought over by european slavers , on european ships , to run european plantations . 
  it would take another 200 years before we were no longer a colony and can be blamed for such issues and our own failings . 
  also your society was built on slavery as well . 
  what do you think imperialism and mercantilism were ? 
  just because you guys followed out of sight out of mind and had all your slaves on colonies in the carribean and indo-china does not mean your hans are clean . 
  technically you guys didnt get rid of the practice of slavery till 1949 and even then fought long and hard in vietnam and algeria to keep your slaves . 
   after all , that 's why your ancestor had to flee europe in the first place .
