  europe : europe is great , good people , good history , good places . 
  lived there for a bit in the uk , though that 's not `` continental '' europe . 
  each country is its own small place in the world . 
  i like that it tries so hard to be on the cutting edge of `` modern '' though this does n't always work out well . 
  i like that you guys live at a slower pace , its refreshing.when i think of europe of think of the individual nations of europe which are small and efficient in comparison to the united states.the nations of europe work efficiently at this size though scale is impossible for europe to master at that size , it works for you guys . 
  eu : i would have said i liked the eu prior to 2008 , but those were the honeymoon years . 
  once crisis started to occur the whole thing started to feel shaky under its own weight and while the eu is much younger then the united states , its handling of crisis and incapability made it feel `` old '' , like an old man incapable of effecting changes in the world around him . 
  i have little faith in the eu , when the eu agrees on something like the iran nuclear crisis its a great partner to have . 
  but when it does n't agree and openly fights itself its a fairly useless partner to have on the world stage . 
  it also does n't give way to basic logic . 
  it wishes to be nation but cant bring itself to be one . 
  it upholds its diversity as a virtue but it creates problems like language barriers , just make english the official language and you wont need 22 press releases every time juncker sneezes.it wishes to exude stability but half the eu government is on a train every 2 weeks moving capitals . 
  my opinion , its not working , either fix it or get rid of it . 
  actually these guys are legit . 
  110 different cheese contests categories with entries from over 100 countries . 
  the last time the us was crowned overall champion of cheese was 1988 . 
  the three countries that tend to be crowned the overall best cheeses are the netherlands , switzerland and america . 
   even the name is european : ( mala aria , bad air in italian ) this logic is cart before the horse , europeans named it malaria when they began classification of diseases and the latin languages translated to such for each language but its origins are much older . 
  but the medical history ( wikipedia ) says it was originally from africa and its first naming convention , classification , and treatments came from china and india which called it : respectively , \u7627\u75be and \u092e\u0932\u0947\u0930\u093f\u092f\u093e translating to english being n\u00fc\u00e8j\u00ed and ague . 
  malaria is what we call it , that is n't necessarily what the rest of the world calls it . 
  the western world was behind on medical research for much of human history . 
  edit : here is the wiki link for those interested , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaria, 
  is malaria indigenous to europe ? 
  i always associated it with the tropics and thought of it as a tropical disease . 
  i know southern europe is warmer but its not tropical mosquito warmer . 
  i would say the collapse of the roman empire , the 100 years wars , the two world wars , and the cold war were all more devastating then the fall of the eu would be . 
  prepare to be flooded with shit clock apps , till you scroll down far enough to find the google clock app you needed anyway !, 
  i would have agreed with you prior to the 2008 georgia-russia war and the ukraine crisis.russia has now annexed land from two separate countries in two separate instances , that is not something one can take lightly . 
  chile is now the most pro american country in the region , with 62 % saying the us is a positive force in the world ( 2013 poll ) . is a partner in the oecd , and has visa free travel to the us.chile host the largest joint military base , fort aguayo , in the us southern command . 
  with chile now being part of the first world its intrests more align with the us then with south america , much to the dismay of argentina . 
  1973 brings context , but , you are mired in the past to see how far us-chilean relations have come especially since 1988 . 
  chile is now more closely aligned with the us then with many of its more socialist south american neighbors like venezuela . 
  the cold war is over . 
  this thread in whole stems from crankychopsticks post before that . 
  read the whole thread for context . 
  challenge accepted ... prepare to talk about the weather for 30 seconds on an elevator !, 
  yes , but the 1973 coup is much more complicated then that . 
  for one , many chileans supported the coup as president allende and his communist policies lead to a food , fuel , and economic crisis . 
  this led to mass protests and a crackdown by chilean police . 
  the constitutional crisis was the final straw when president allende was denounced by the chilean supreme court which declared the entire government illegal . 
  the us reacted by siding with the military coup . 
  regardless since reproachment in 1988 , the us is seen in very good light in chile , with generous economic developemnt aid and political support for the south american nation against some of its neighbors.polling wise 62 % of chileans view american influence positively in 2013 . 
  economic development , aligned intrests in south america , visa waiver programs and chile being the only south american nation to join the oecd has changed chilean-us relations greatly . 
  lol , i cant wait to bring a finn over here then . 
  take them to atlanta and put them on an elevator in a skyscraper . 
  then watch the horror as people start talking to him !, 
  because if we did n't that giant sucking sound we would be hearing on this side of the atlantic would be a combination of eastern europe being sucked up by russia and western europe doing its hardest to shovel as many eastern europeans into the mouth of russia to fill its imperial apatite and save their own skin . 
  this is of course after time has passed , all of them save washington did not have stellar poll numbers throughout their presidencies . 
  washington of course could do no wrong in the eyes of the american public . 
  same boat , i like the europeans but i do not want to accept their ideas on marital infidelity . 
  ... yes . 
  they were just flying around till prayer time came , by the time they got up from praying towards mecca 2 giant buildings and a geometric shape were right in front of them . 
  so you see it was an accident . 
  like wise the madrid bombings were just emergency train track removal procedures . 
  this women is an idiot . 
  your comment is curious to me . 
  what about those within the alliance who do not share these things ? 
  a lot of people in the united states , including myself , see japan and south korea as being `` western '' nations . 
  is the term ever expanding or do you stop it at some line in the sand ? 
  this might be a difference on what it means to be `` western '' on the different sides of the pond but greco-romanism , and christianity were never emphasized as western ideals here . 
  the enlightenment , democracy , and free market economics and the constant need for modernization , is more in line with the view of westernization here , maby because its more inclusive ? 
  its curious how different the terms are in context to the place they are used . 
  could adopt the way we do it , when talking to other americans : `` im from illinois '' , when talking to foreigners : im from america !, 
  ( exclamation mark mandatory , 
  indeed china is more then 90 % han chinese by ethnicity and culture . 
  while the us is diverse in terms of ethnicity , culture , and religion it has done an extremely good job at nationalization . 
  the united states is singular in its identity in this regard similar to china , `` e pluribus unum '' and all that jazz . 
  india is probably the most similar , a meriad of 2 government languages and 22 official languages . 
  india is also having a problem with reginonal nationalism similar to the eu . 
  both areas will have an interesting 50 years . 
  its good for the us to point . 
  once the rest of the world starts figuring out that huge sucking sound is the power vacuum left behind by the us all hell would break loose , then we got to comeback to stabilize the situation . 
  its a no win situation , damned if you do damned if you dont . 
  the european left wanted isolationist america when things were are all good from 1990-2008 . 
  when there was no russians to speak of and yelling `` ami go home '' held no true political consequences . 
  now the european left is scrambling , begrudgingly , for more america since the russian-georgia war and the weakness in the economies of the eurozone and china . 
  chile , for rthe most part actually us-south american relations have warmed up considerably since george w bush really pushed for pan-americanism . 
  trump is a winner !, 
  he will dismantle the trains and build more roads so oprah can give more people cars !, 
  have you heard of the emancipation proclamation ? 
  edit : well i guess no one listens to hip-hop, 
  [ earths government ] ( http://futurama.wikia.com/wiki/earth%27s_government ), 
  history channel got it !, 
  the `` super power '' effect . 
  waiting and seeing the response from the most powerful country in the room allows you to know what your own policy can be , its limitations . 
  either to back them or find a different path . 
  a small country can do little but a small county can enhance the capacity of larger one if their interests align . 
  actually the first attack in the gulf of tonkin , august the 2nd . 
  did occur , 4 north vietnamese torpedo boats intercepted the uss maddox and a fire fight broke out , both sides said their warships acted in accordance to military doctrines . 
  the us claims it happened in international waters . 
  north vietnam , now just vietnam , claims it happened in vietnamese waters , if it did , it occurred in us allied south vietnamese waters , this was of course before gps so no exact position can be given but it was very close to the 12 nautical mile sovereignty zone . 
  the confusion comes from the second `` attack '' on aug 4th which was a long range engagement by the uss maddox against what it thought was the same boats . 
  it turned out the american warship was shooting at no one , as the aug 4th incident occurred due to radar ghosts . 
  this is were the whole conspiracy theory start from . 
  the aug 2nd incident did occur , both sides acknowledged . 
  there was indeed an exchange it was more a question of sovereignty . 
  the us claims the incident occurred in international waters and even if the uss maddox was of course , which is possible it was in allied south vietnamese waters which it had the authority to operate in by the south vietnamese government . 
  the north , which claimed sovereignty over all of vietnam did not see it that way . 
  nobel prizes are a poor measure of scientific investment by country . 
  its a prize which can help bring recognition but it does not a representation of the scientific capacity of a nation .
