  http://shrinkthatfootprint.com/how-big-is-a-house in terms of average space per m ^ 2 : usa its about 201 m ^ 2 , sweden is about 83 m ^ 2 , denmark is about 137 m ^ 2 , norway is about 143 m ^ 2 , i did not find relevant data for finland . 
  but on average land is much cheaper in the us as its still so abundant.so housing by price is still very cheap . 
  the united states is home to over 318 million people and 2.27 billion acres of land . 
  by 2013 , we had only developed about 112 million acres , or about 6.47 % of the total land area of the united states . 
  according to us census data . 
  wait what !? 
  what do you mean no dryers ? 
  you mean people still use clothes lines !, 
  north america in general actually . 
  the best selling vehicles in the united states , canada , and mexico tend to be larger suvs and trucks . 
  the reasons for this are obvious when you sit in these giants . 
  lots of room , super comfortable , high up seating for great view , safety . 
  but , the most important thing is the infrastructure is designed for it . 
  roads are wider , parking spots are bigger and there is never a time when you feel you are too big because of it . 
  kinda the main reason most of us buy big . 
  no ... but i want that !, 
  this looks nice ... how long till its part of russia ? 
  partly , the main problem is that there are n't enough federal officers for drug enforcement . 
  most drug enforcement stings , raids , ect rely on local manpower and federal resources . 
  in these new cases where the states are no longer cooperating there are simply not enough men for an investigation . 
  the feds are also scared of forcing the issue because if the fed tries to force states to comply and it goes to the supreme court ( which it would ) , the feds are not confident they can win and scotus might deem federal law unconstitutional as it is the states who have this right . 
  so long as they dont push scotus has no `` injured party '' to rule against . 
  funny i think your country would say the same if america pulled out ... world politics is decided by washington , beijing , or moscow . 
  everyone else must react to those decisions . 
  your independence post war was thanks to the us . 
  if you think this is an occupation of your country then i wonder what you would call de gaulle 's vision of post war germany . 
  we were tempered in comparison to what the rest of europe wanted to do to germany . 
  funny the germans were n't so ungrateful when germany was cut in two . 
  or when the berlin airlift was needed . 
  nato is the `` shield of democracy '' in europe . 
  germany no longer needs that shield , but its neighbors do . 
  time they stepped up . 
  are n't the comments above all about this ... 
  makes sense , id be willing to expand nato to include an intelligence arm . 
  people run with the headlines and then go into a frenzy . 
  forget the headline and look at his main point from the article . 
   `` what you 've got are the folks in brussels , the euro institutions , imposing incredibly high standards with regard to personal privacy at the expense of what the national governments are still expected to do , which is keep their citizens alive . '', 
  he is saying there is a disconnect with brussels and national capitals regarding the balance between security and privacy . 
  in no way did he say `` europe is too free m8 , give me your data , me , mine , me '' its a topic worth discussion please dont fall for headline garbage . 
  the whole article is only 350 words , its not even long enough to make any actual conclusions . 
  so with that , what is the solution between brussels will to safeguard privacy and national governments needs of security in the current normal . 
  clear definition of federal , state and local government . 
  also a singular constitution . 
  also some national pride , the us is a state without a nation as is the eu . 
  if it cant be blood that binds you then make it ideology . 
  they wrote it when hawaii was a territory , nato came into force in 1949 hawaii became a full state in 1959 . 
  any change would require all of nato . 
  i would be down for this treaty change . 
  though i doubt europe would go for it , and if that 's the case . 
  im on team out . 
  if the is no fuss over the matter id be willing to cast a vote in the stay column . 
  but the falklands is not represented in parliament and neither are the french territories . 
  they are colonial holdings . 
  hawaii may have once been such but it ascended to full state hood . 
  its not guam or wake or even puerto rico . 
  hawaii is full member of the union . 
  it has representation on the national level and is a state with all the rights and responsibilities afforded to it.if the treaty does not protect the integrity of the whole united states then this is an even more unequal alliance then i was lead to believe , i am all for defending europe , especially against a newly assertive russia just as i believe we must defend japan and south korea from a newly bellicose china and north korea . 
  but this lack of full protection strikes a nerve with me . 
  but not all the us ... that disappoints me , it is ancillary and hawaii is under no threat , but it is also under no protection . 
  i was already being swayed by the argument that we pay to much for a european defense , now i find out it does not cover all of the united states ... i must protect estonia , but france cant be bothered with the protection of hawaii.nope thats the straw that broke the camels back for me , im on the get out team now , seems a selfish treaty . 
  hawaii is an integral part of the united states . 
  to have it not covered under the treaty pisses me off to no end . 
  wow then fuck it . 
  you have convinced i want out of nato if the whole us is not protected then fuck that shit . 
  im on the out team . 
  lol ... the flag patch is backwards . 
  actually hawaii is covered under the washington accord . 
  all us states are , but the main point is that nato is a pacific power and europe has forgotten that . 
  us and canada must deal with these realities and europe often forgets this and does n't help in these spheres . 
  the hypothetical is if the us leaves nato . 
  in this case , nato losses ~ 580 billion dollars , which is 3 times what the rest of nato spends combined . 
  there is no nuclear umbrella , there is no us qrf , there is no longer a fleet in nato larger then the russian fleet and murmansk , russia would then have more war planes , helicopters and tanks then all the rest of nato in absolute terms . 
  if the us isnt stepping in then will the uk or france ? 
  will they go to war to save eastern europe ? 
  they woul certainly not use their nuclear weapons , together they still dont have a large enough nuclear arsenal to destroy russia but russia does have enough nuclear weapons to wipe europe off the map and turn it into `` lake putin '' . 
  this is speculation but it should not be taken lightly as europe is in no shape to take on russia without us intervention , which under trump will not occur . 
  edit : spelling, 
  if the us leaves nato what is left ? 
  the us spends 3 times more then all the rest of nato combined . 
  if the us leaves the alliance its a shortfall of 582 billion dollars . 
  if the us were gone i would say nato is dismantled , a good chunk of its leadership is from the us , the us fill most of the gaps in nato capability that just isnt there in the rest of nato . 
  thats a good point for all but , hawaii . 
  edit : regardless , this is completely off my main point , being nato is a pacific power and should and can act like one to achieve its goals . 
  and the pacific unless we stopped counting guam , micronesia , wake , hawaii , the solomon islands , palau , johnston tarwa , the north mariana 's , ect ect . 
  for some reason . 
  both the united states and canada have huge pacific ocean territories and they are both within nato . 
  does this mean these territories are not covered under the treaty . 
  can russia invade the aleutian islands or china invade hawaii and europe will say \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af . 
  no of course not !, 
  regardless nato is a pacific power and europe forgets this , it should n't its obligations extend all the way to guam , which is only 1600 nautical miles from china and little diomede island , which is only 4 km from russian territory . 
  nato territory through the united states covers the entirety of the pacific , guam , micronesia , samoa , and the french islands . 
  its the alliance we live in but europe refuses to see it , its only about europe 's defense , europe 's sovereignty , its kind of a selfish piss off really . 
  but the eu was founded by the germans and french for the reasons of protection and integration . 
  germany to help forget its past and france to feel secure . 
  like it or not you founded the club and now leadership is thrust upon you . 
  germany was always to big for europe and too small for the world , the eu was the answer to this . 
  if germany who now must lead it cant then its already a failed state . 
  the fact that us politicians are able to score political points from saying `` lets leave nato '' should scare europe . 
  to be frank the us is even more secure then western europe , there is absolutely nothing russia can do to the united states . 
  europe on the other hand ...
