  the big exception being cricket , but in general it will never get the best funding . 
  fine but were not apologizing for panama , unlike alot of south america we did the right thing in the end in ' 89 . 
  :( life was so much easier when we installed democracies in non middle east countries back in the day . 
  panama , south korea , dominican republic . 
  at least with them it stuck , but these middle eastern countries ... so frustrating . 
  do you not see americas failure comes from our `` external value of nationality '' . 
  we suck so much at ... that ... 
  if by fun you mean `` survive a frozen hell through random fires and alcohol '' then yes . 
   sadly , rimac only plans to build eight production concept_one cars . 
  you are technically correct ... the best kind of correct . 
   mean yeah , but we also sent way more athletes . 
  ... this statement sumed up my exact first thought very well . 
  if thats the point of nato why would eastern europe join , so they could be become the sacrificial pawns ? 
  i think we are going to have to agree to disagree here . 
  the point of nato is to defend all alliance members territory.not just western europe . 
  western europe is no longer threatened but the eastern allies now are , the line moved and with it , germany needs to move to be able to defend eastward . 
  germany itself is secure but that does not mean eastern europe is merely a bulwark for germany . 
  that is not the reason eastern europe joined . 
  the whole point is to defend the more vulnerable parts of the alliance , in 1945-1990 that was germany , from 2008 onward its to defend easter europe . 
  ill remember you most of all straw man ... 
  as opposed to americans who identify from asia or africa ? 
  that makes no sense , people come from different parts of the world . 
   by which standard metric ? 
  what speaks against germany sharing some of its military with the netherlands ? 
  the metric is the 2 % goal and the population of the nation . 
  its a very basic metric but those are the two most important factors . 
  germany can share its military with anyone and should be encouraged to do so , but not to save money if it cant reach 2 % . 
  get to 2 % of gdp then look for ways to save that makes sense , otherwise its just free rider coupon savings , which other members of the alliance have to make up for . 
   also what do more tanks and more aircraft do when the bundeswehr ca n't hire enough personel to man them ? 
  and more importantly what are these supposed to be used for ? 
  i dont know the exact problems the bundeswehr but if that means increased pay or greater encouragement for young people to join the military then so be it , having the second largest member stuck in a rut because they cant get over some shit from 70 years is n't helping anyone.its about time germany got over the ghosts of its past . 
  nuclear is also the last step of deterrence , not the first . 
  if putin rushes the baltic and stops right there would the us , uk , and france use nukes . 
  no we would be forced to go on a liberation campaign , which we will need a strong germany to help with . 
   what is the point of bunker buster bombs if the goal is exclusively to defend germany ? 
  the germna military is no longer there to defend germany that ship sailed with the end of the cold war . 
  the line moved , the german military must now defend the baltic , romania and the other vulnerable members like the us and uk did for germany during the cold war . 
  its not about germany anymore its about the other newer democracies which are finally outside of the soviet union . 
  do n't be selfish . 
  well , duh . 
  but pressure is not force . 
  you can put pressure on anyone but there was no or else . 
  the us military is large enough to do pretty much anything on its own , we asked for allies for international cover . 
  sometimes they answer like in afghanistan , sometimes they dont like in iraq . 
  sometimes they do for their own reasons , the polish came to iraq to gain experience and also familiarize themselves with us equipment which in the long run they need as prior to them joining nato they were used to soviet equipment . 
  being the newest member of the alliance your leaders may decide to do the same the next we get pissed off , good time to learn . 
  yes , but this does not take away from the fact that germany is not meeting its alliance goals . 
  by the standard metric germany , with the 2nd highest gdp and 2nd largest population , should have the 2nd largest military in the alliance . 
  instead its military is puny and woefully underfunded to the point of having major gaps others need to fill . 
  germany should not be saving money by having joint tank battalions with the netherlands when it can clearly create them on its own . 
  no one is going to hound germany because all their tanks have woodland camo and no dessert camo . 
  but we are going to mock them and be pissed off when most of their aircraft cant fly and they have to use broomsticks instead of machine guns in military exercises . 
  libya is a great example of this , neither the german nor french military had any bunker buster bombs and neither military had battle-damage-assessment aircraft . 
  the americans , who were supposed to take a back seat on this one had to inform both militarizes that their bombs were doing no damage to qaddafi 's military and then had to loan them both the bunker buster bombs needed to destroy these targets . 
  if the german and french military can not defeat technology perfected in 1950 then i would not hold my breath against an enemy like russia . 
  this needs to change . 
  when one ally accounts for 70 % of an alliances capability then it does not feel like an alliance at all . 
  it feels like a lob sided , free rider , protector without the benefits of a vassal state nor impressment . 
  yes we loaned alot of money to germany from 1921 to 1929 , about 70 % of german investment came from the united states . 
  this was in conjunction with the u.s. -- german peace treaty and the dawes plan , we did not sign versailles treaty as we thought it was to harsh on germany . 
  mind you hitler and the nazi party came into power in 1929 , with hitler becoming chancellor in 1933 , effectively ending the us dawes plan . 
  this also included investment in oil refineries and factories which ended in 1935 under the young plan after the nuremberg laws . 
  once the war started , however the us was nominally neutral , we were neutral but we clearly favored one side over the other . 
  for instance we gave the axis 1.7 billion from 1939-1941 , but , in that same time frame we gave the allies 51.5 billion . 
  this does not include the destroyers for bases agreement , in which the us gave the british empire 50 destroyers in exchange for access rights to all british ports , the us also agreed to escort all allied supply convoys up to greenland . 
  ill just leave this here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transit_of_german_troops_through_finland_and_sweden#german_troops_through_sweden https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_iron-ore_mining_during_world_war_ii providing sanctuary is great , providing the nazis with war material and logisitics on the other hand far out ways any of this.if your best argument is , we were allowed to save some people , because we sent the germans the raw materials to stamp out mp40s and stucka 's then you are not on the right side of history . 
  also czechoslovakia fought hard with much of its military in exile , fighting in the eastern front with russia . 
  they were betrayed in the sudetenland crisis , not western europe 's finest moment . 
  they lost 340,000 to 355,000 people in the war .46,000 to 35,000 in military casualties , for a country of its size , it lost more then most . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_occupation_of_czechoslovakia#czechoslovak_resistance do n't start belittling countries that fought . 
  its not a good look on anyone . 
  what are you talking about , this is n't a vassal state situation ? 
  this is a hegemony , not an empire . 
  we did not impress any country into service by force . 
  thats not how it works . 
  not everyone in the alliance needs stealth bombers and 11 fleets . 
  if everyone met the minimum it would n't be such a lob sided alliance . 
  will the us have a bigger budget and military then the rest , yes it has a bigger gdp and higher population , so its only natural . 
  but when most members are below 2 % , and it has to be made up by one member spending 4 % , it feels unfair . 
  agreed in 2008 georgia the russian offensives seemed rather incompetent , but they have improved considerably since then . 
  i must hand it too the russians , they improved to the point of being a top notch professional military and whats more the russians also now have the experience of fighting enemy forces which can use electronic warfare and advanced weaponry . 
  this is something nato has no experience in , our conflicts since the 1990 's have always come with us having electronic and air dominance without question . 
  this would not be the case with russia , nato is very much untested in this regard , western europe has always underestimated russia and overestimated nato , which is why they constantly lower the budgets thinking they are secure regardless of the reality . 
  its scares me how overconfident some of us are . 
  same , ive never seen my friend actually talk about her ... danishness ? ... till i went over with her and she started complaining about the new danes coming and changing downtown . 
  is it racism or becuase she has danish blood is it a self-loathing thing . 
  i dont know . 
  edit : i think they `` took er jobs '' or something . 
   they do n't have large infrastructure to maintain . 
  they do n't have large populations to take care of . 
  they do n't have large militaries to maintain . 
  so , it 's easy and fun for them to play that game . 
   , america would like a word with you . 
  well the nazis are a rather binary bunch , you either shot at the nazis or did n't . 
  i get the position sweden was in but if we are really gon na get down to nitty gritty of who was a help , who was not then its fairly clear what side sweden falls under with the invasion of norway and all that sweet sweet iron sweden sold the nazi 's , and the ball barrings too . 
  whatever , my point is the same . 
  got to respect those that resisted the nazi 's over those that did not . 
  whatever , my point is the same . 
  got to respect those that resisted the nazi 's over those that did not . 
  im from georgia , usa .
