  there is an argument to be made for the other side . 
  the law understands when mistakes are made , you cant build complex machinery flawlessly 100 % of the time . 
  vw lied on their tests and put in code to deliberately try and fool emission 's testers . 
  they released thousands of more particles per million of many different green house gasses then is legally allowed but most of all they tried to cover it up and deliberately gave false data to us regulators along with tampered systems . 
  that 's why vw got fucked so hard . 
  i think if a us company did what vw did they would have been caught in the us fairly quickly . 
  instead of being allowed to continue by corrupted officials like in germany and the eu where the commission designed to test cars turned a blind eye to all the pollutants vw was spewing into the air for years . 
  bad example buddy ... 
  what competitors ? 
  its always been us , chinese , japanese , or korean for the longest time . 
  i dont think i could even name a european computer manufacturer . 
  your german , the benifits to you are obvious , you get an undervalued currency which is more stable then the deutschmark , but less expensive so you can export more . 
  i would not talk about `` sacrifice for the union '' . 
  considering the only thing that most of the periphery has gotten from the eu is pain `` sacrifice for the union '' , my ass . 
  let the union not screw a small country for a change . 
  ... you mean everyone that owns an i-anything ? 
  its not the eu until all businesses live within the paris-brussels-berlin line . 
  how dare the outer colonies think themselves independent . 
  american cars gussel more gas but their output is cleaner then that of eu emissions . 
  even if we generously give you 5 billion for microsoft total damages , that still pales in comparison to 13 billion . 
   in case anyone says that that 's unfair because the eu is a collection of multiple countries : the eu single market is a truly unified market and thus can be compared to the us ehhhhh its still apples to oranges . 
  the eu is a single market but it lacks a single currency , the euro isnt used everywhere . 
  a single fiscal policy ( the big one ) , a single monetary policy after greece and cyprus ( the other big one ) , a tax redistribution scheme , a single inflationary mechanism , a direct tax base , a powerful federal reserve , many economic institutions , and its still also not a single market in many aspects such as pharmaceuticals , digital content and other marketplaces which come from single countries naturally , places which the eu legislation has not touched yet so its therefore under state control . 
  it is the largest economy depending on how taut or loose your definition . 
  in the loosest sense of the term nafta is the largest economy in the world , a little stricter and the eu becomes the largest in the world , but by the most traditional use of the term the united states is the largest economy in the world . 
  it depends how fuzzy your willing to get . 
  no most asians are either chinese or indian so statistically speaking probably not . 
  six shooter ... who the hell carries those anymore , oldest ive ever seen carried is an m1911 . 
  i rather like united powers ... 
  have you seen his poll numbers , half the country isnt voting for the man come november if this keeps up . 
  just replace the irish with mexicans and update the technology and your about right . 
  have fun with that , its my turn to get shot . 
  yes , yes we have 112 guns for every 100 muricans !, 
  finally another country in the world that thinks its okay to shoot at government infrastructure with live ordinance . 
  it brings a tear to my eye , we never knew we had a brother from another mother . 
  but under the seperation of powers if the federal government wishes to impose its will on the state it must file legal proceedings . 
  it goes to court , proceedings must be filed , and courts must convene and even then , most of the time the federal government losses because the federal government has no right to tell the states what to do . 
  as has been to case from everything from marijuana laws to fire arms bans . 
  but in this case there is no due process , the commission has simply imposed its will and if this goes through the precedent is clear . 
  the irish have no controller over taxation in irish lands since the eu commission super-secedes them.best go to brussels instead of dublin if you want to open a factory in waterford . 
  indeed the fact of the matter is the ussr , usa and uk were spent and the us still had a war in the pacific to fight . 
  i wish we could have gotten further and liberated eastern europe too but that was wishful thinking . 
  we still got it in all 50 states before you got it in your 28 , booyakasha europe , time you learned being part a of a big union means you got to take the good with the bad . 
  cant go back to ` itty ` bitty pieces of clay and say , `` look we did it too '' . 
  get germany and italy to change and we might , think of you as progressive again . 
  you backwards people  edit : i have apparently found a very raw nerve for the europeans , a very raw one indeed . 
  which is sad since gay people cant make a baby but like most other couples want to start a family , thats a whole lot of homes that could be filled with little children . 
  yes but the days of 131 + arent happening in the foreseeable future . 
  thats a nice straw man you got there , and it looks like you already donated your brain to it . 
  good for you !, 
  your view is flawed , the us federal government cant go and void california 's taxes . 
  under separation of powers the state can tax as they see fit just as the federal government can . 
  in this case it is the eu interfering with irish law , which was followed by apple , making this all kinds of fuckery . 
  if the eu has the right to set taxes of member states then whats the point of even talking to individual countries about taxes ? 
  ... stop paying taxes and fall into banking crisis . 
  got it . 
  got damn it europe , why do you insist on having a crazy people dick measuring contest ... we have florida man !, 
  like i said your crazies vs my crazies ... 
  ugh ... might be easier to ask what doesnt violate eu privacy laws at this point . 
  i think the mongols named this tactic , tribute or else ... 
  oh please does europe really want to start playing the game of whose crazies are crazier because thats an argument europe would lose by 1 holocaust and 12-20 pogroms my friend . 
  plus the 2-3 times if you count the number of times a euro crazy tried to invade russia in the winter . 
  and europe doesnt understand the tech industry , please stop trying to kill ours . 
  oh a guy came t our range with one of those too , and an old black powered cannon as well . 
  seeing one in action really makes you appreciate why uniforms were so colorful in that era . 
  1000 of these rifles firing in volley and i too , as a commander , would not be able to tell my men from the trees if they all wore camo . 
  the kind of caricatures you guys draw of us saddens me :'( my militia is full of gentlemen and ladies . 
  well what about 1956 suez crisis . 
  you , isreal , and the french were very cozy in your invasion of egypt . 
  so can we offically say that no eu country has sovereignty anymore on the issue of taxes because from im reading it seems like talking to london , paris , berlin , or dublin is a waste of time . 
   if we were to let apple keep the money they got out of these illegal deals , you 're encouraging everyone to keep pressuring european countries into handing out illegal state funding , which is what these tax really are . 
  no , because apple in good faith would pay these new taxes . 
  at this point it is apple who gets the benefit of the doubt because all they did was follow irish tax laws in ireland . 
  if the eu commission had any sense they would go after ireland and make these deals illegal in the eu , rather then going after the company which according to everyone has done nothing wrong and followed the national tax code . 
  this screams of protectionism , going after the company over the state that broke the rules in the first place . 
  you are punishing the party that did nothing wrong over the party that broke the laws of the eu . 
  how do you justify that ? 
  so because they followed irish law the eu wants them to pay up !, 
  thats insane , who sets the taxes in ireland the irish or the eu , because there is apparently no point in talking to one of these parties if this goes through . 
  if the eu wants ireland to fix its tax heaven problem then so be it but dont go after companies who followed the law just because you wrote your laws in a shitty way . 
  you can honestly say these companies didnt do anything wrong , they followed the rules set forth by the irish . 
  now apparently the irish dont set the rules in ireland ? 
  who called this audible !, 
  given your reputation perhaps more of a booze cruise really . 
  ... your going to ban google , microsoft , apple , facebook , amazon , youtube , cisco , intel , ibm and netflix ... your continent is going to suck some stone age donkey balls ... i think a more amicable solution can be found . 
  agreed you dont win a war by throwing bundles of euros at your enemies . 
  ... oh well ... your point has new meaning then . 
  no it makes an invasion of the uk and france risky , if you think either country would send nukes to russia if the russians invaded the baltic or even germany then your nuts . 
  the uk and france would be totally annihilated in a nuclear exchange with russia . 
  they are not going to fire if a neighbor is threatened . 
  yes yes , as we all know america is in a state of constant civil war , its a hell hole , full of terrible terrible people who do terrible terrible things all the time.nothing works and civil society has all but collapsed/looks like the worst parts of the bible ect ect . 
  where the country every one loves to hate , the 21st century schadenfreude of the masses . 
  we got used to it . 
   they would n't have gone about it this way if they had no point at all til the eu has never done things without a point . 
  then whats the point of trusting any eu country when they obviously do n't have the sovereignty to set their own taxes . 
  this sounds like good ol bait and switch to me . 
  if these eu countries no longer hold the power to set taxes , then stop lying about it and let the european superstate start taxing directly and get rid of this far system . 
  either ireland sets ireland taxes or brussels does , because this is getting ridiculous . 
  at least with uk you know who is in charge . 
  the saudis are no longer in control like they used to be .
