all ill say to that is , go look up the amount of people killed by saddam and the ba'ath party before we sing their praises . 
  it was good for us that saddam was able to control the region . 
  but in order to do that he had to use genocidal tactics against minorities , suppress rights , create a totalitarian state , use chemical weapons on people , ect . 
  it was easy for us to ignore his ills because we got lucky in the genetic lottery and were n't born there . 
  ask a kurd if they prefer the way things are now over the way things were under saddam when entire kurdish villages disappeared overnight , with only a big hole full of bodies and a tinge of a mustard smell in the air to tell the horror 's of the tale the night before . 
  just because it was easier for us in europe and the us to collectively ignore the atrocities does n't mean they were n't committed and does n't make the regime good . 
  it just made them convenient for us . 
  its so easy for europe to ignore such things . 
  we did it in kosovo till the americans mobilized and srebrenica happened , we did it in sudan , darfur , rwanda , burma and all over the world because its not our problem . 
  this does n't make those regimes good it makes them convenient . 
  its not hard to go with the government lines about cruel dictators , because they are in fact cruel dictators . 
  that all depends , its easy for the eu to have high approval numbers , no one asks the eu to make the tough decisions , when shit goes down in the world people ask what the us will do about the same is not true for the eu . 
  once the eu starts having to choose between , shit decision a and shit decision b from a list of crap outcomes , then we will see . 
  i hate to be the barer of bad news but india , has its own dialect of english , its a mix of american and british english with its own regional variation . 
  for instance , in india its colour , but they say trucks , elevator and refer to biscuits as cookies . 
  most english spoken around the world is a mixture of the two . 
  taken straight from wikipedia :  for the most part , canadian english , while featuring numerous british forms alongside indigenous canadianisms , shares vocabulary , phonology and syntax with american english , leading many to recognize north american english as an organic grouping of dialects . 
  australian english likewise shares many american and british english usages alongside plentiful features unique to australia , and retains a significantly higher degree of distinctiveness from both the larger varieties than does canadian english . 
  if the eu had a single policy i guess , but this rarely happens . 
  the us and china are economic super powers because of the singularity of their capitals , if washington or beijing say embargo , you dont hear new york or shanghai complain and go against this decision . 
  this happens in europe , however , and if a nation has access to even one port in europe , they have access to the european market in its totality . 
  without the muscle to flex its will the eurozone , looks more like nafta or any other single market then a nation , and if that 's the comparison then nafta is bigger anyway . 
  this is the truth , what happened is kosovo , the us took the lead and europe followed . 
  there are alot of writings about egypt out of rome , it sort of became the spiritual center of the empire . 
  what india was to the 60 's that was what egypt was to rome . 
   stalin and mao were dangerous people to politically oppose , worse than hitler , but eventually , both of them faded into history and political change happened . 
  both of them were all powerful till they died , they did n't fade into history , they literally killed millions of people , and were all powerful in the ussr/china up until they croaked . 
  rather have the americans go in and bitch slap hitler and germany then have the fuehrer in office for another 50 years . 
  the us state department has issued a new ruling allowing one croatian per a crazy dialect and good job at langley . 
  please apply , 
  when an immigration crisis hits europe there is only one thing we can do it ... blame the americans its always their fault isnt it !, 
  source ... the us is the most diverse economy in the world , no one product or sector can do much to the us economy in its totality . 
  i would like to see how the us makes alot of money from destabilization of regions, 
  this videos odd jingoism irks me the wrong way . 
  i feel alittle odd watching that . 
  yahhh ... you do realize that the greeks saw themselves as kin to the egyptians and persians then to europe , europe to them was were the barbarians lived . 
  the romans thought just as little of the peoples who later become french , british and german , ect . 
  the romans to saw themselves more a kin to the greeks , egyptians , and the north africans of carthage . 
  rome/greek would accept these people as citizens far faster then a frenchmen , englishmen or german . 
  you do realize we created this contract known as the west by them `` romanizing '' ie slaving , taking , killing , pillaging , and later using the rest of europe . 
  having a capable military is not needed for nato membership . 
  iceland is an example of this , it has no standing military , only a coast guard . 
  however its strategic location in the north atlantic meant us/nato support . 
  so long as your willing to allow the us 6th ,2 nd and 5th fleets to dock and rearm , as well as the british and french fleet its all good . 
  i never got this whole `` we are so benevolent '' spiel , i mean we literally colonized half the world and did alot of bad shit . 
  who in vietnam , a former french colony , or india , egypt , ect is going to believe we are the benevolent force for good , the last time we were there we were n't the good guys . 
  the only time i see this argument is when one european talks to another european , and its usually two western europeans , talking about how benevolent we are . 
  like who else in the bloody world actually talks about us in those terms ? 
  is this a real thing or do we have a case of continental delusion ? 
  the us is 22 % of the un budget , whose gon na make up for a shortfall of 654 million dollars ? 
  you know its bad when people start short handing a term . 
  last time i checked that was a damn good reason ... 
  if not then so sorry europe the next time russia tries to come on in and take half the continent well just go ahead and fuel their industry , make some money !, 
  massive is what it is , thats not a reason not to allow them into the union , plus there gdp per ppp is on par with romania , latvia , and croatia yet they are all in the union . 
  obligitory explaination post , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvmzc4y4zxu basically if your speaking in english there is north and south america and american refers to the us . 
  in spanish there is one america , and a term estadounidense or `` citizen of the us '' for spanish . 
  `` americano '' refers to people of the singular america . 
  since we are speaking in english the norm is to use the english use of the term , 2 continents american refers to the us . 
  sorry but this is europe , part of it is turkey being different to the rest of europe , part of it has to do with racism . 
  well let eastern europe , the baltic , and southern slav states get away with and skirt the rules . 
  but the turks can never step out of line or they will never be allowed to join the union . 
  eu policy towards turkey is embarrassing sometimes in its veiled racist overtures . 
  america has the advantage of large scale natural resources in both fossil and renewable energy . 
  it has the one of the largest reserves of natural gas in the world . 
  large shale gas deposits in the us and canada and for the future much better capacities in both solar , the us gets more sun for longer periods of the year then we do . 
  and wind , the us has no east-west mountain range making the great plains between the rockies and appalachian mountains prime placement for wind plants . 
  this is one battle we dont have a horse in we will have to beat them in manufacturing other things , energy intensive industries is not one of them . 
   make things worse and we never seem to be able to make the right choices . 
  if i may it sometimes depends on how the cards fall . 
  panama in 1989 went completely to plan , us invaded , they got noriega , toppled the narco-state , and established a democracy in the nation . 
  other times not so hot , iraq . 
  the point is sometimes you get a south korea and sometimes you get a iran . 
  sometimes you need to do shit to get shit done . 
  either way the establishment of pax-americana has been a good thing for global trade and relative peace . 
  rather have that then the power vacuum left behind by the us up and leaving . 
  it would completely change the status quo in many parts of the world including europe . 
  call it what you will but the strong make the rules and set up the institutions , there is a reason most of the main international organizations are based in the us . 
  the un , world bank , and imf are all over there . 
  the americans , chinese , and russians have far more influence then most other nations and are in a league of their own , in terms of influence . 
  even the eu was form for nothing more then power the eu is an organization whose sole purpose is to keep the europe relevant and at scale with these behemoths of nations , why else would we form it . 
  a us-american ? 
  are those different from us-germans or us-chileans ? 
  i think your google translates on the fritz , fritz !, 
  which is why europe is no longer an economic force . 
  it 's no coincidence that we have had such large market rigidity and now we are no longer is the top 3 largest economies , soon 4 when india becomes larger then germany in 2025 . 
  like i said we played the game of who can provide the most bread and circuses , turned around and found the americans now control the digital world and economic systems , china is now eating us in terms of competitiveness and asia has become the place for electronic production . 
  as the article states and many studies have shown europe 's future is not as bright as it was after the last great war . 
  we are no longer in the second spot in world affairs , our population is finally old and there others place that can do the work better then we can . 
  gone are the days when it was either us or the americans for high end , and we could coast on that we need young people , innovators , something . 
  that is .000140 % of the us population . 
  by european standards this is big , not large but by scale of the us , its not that many . 
  anything that comes out in us sounds big because its the only first world country to be at such a scale . 
  320 million people . 
  japan is second at 150 million . 
  by comparison europe 's countries are a fraction of that size . 
  85 million germans ,65 million brits . 
  denmark at 16.8 . 
  even other first world nations tend to be smaller 35 million canadians , south korea 50 million scale change a great many things . 
  it is why we still fear russia , it fuels the rise of china and india . 
  it is why turkey with its large and young population could fuel for decades with what we need .
