  point 6 : degualle wass not popular in the us , papers at the time thought him another napolean ready to destroy frances nth republic . 
  there was never trust between fdr and degualle , the two men hated each other . 
  let us not forget the annexation of hawaii was internationally sanctioned , i am going to simply pull from the wiki here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overthrow_of_the_kingdom_of_hawaii `` every government with a diplomatic presence in hawaii , except for the united kingdom , recognized the provisional government within 48 hours of the overthrow via their consulates , countries recognizing the new provisional government included chile , austria-hungary , mexico , russia , the netherlands , imperial germany , sweden , spain , imperial japan , [ 64 ] italy , portugal , denmark , belgium , china , peru , and france . 
  [ 65 ] '' britain recognized 2 weeks later.the point being the country was in on again off again civil war for over a year and no ship in the 1890s could cross the pacific ocean without taking on coal in hawaii . 
  all trade across the pacific simply stopped and that was unacceptable to pretty much everyone . 
  but this is all irrelevant to the main point which is the united states was not and im quoting here :  the us did n't even want to acknowledge the government of exile and wanted to rule france as a conquered territory after the war . 
  that i find ridiculous lots of americans died in france and such an accusation with no proof is utter slander . 
  a point which no one seems to be refuting ... 
  success in military actions depends upon future outcomes , if afghanistan or iraq remain robust capitalist democracies then they will have been successes in the same vain as the invasion of panama , grenada , or south korea . 
  very unpopular at the time but now considered successful military operations which created strong capitalist , democratic us allies . 
  but the main point still remains , trust in un peacekeeping operations have remained low since it 's inception . 
  if other nations wish to continue funding these operations then that is there prerogative but we have had greater success in police actions outside of un peacekeeping operations . 
  in this particular case a un peacekeeping force has never been tried as this is entirely a naval action . 
  but un peacekeeping actions have often been outright failures due to there limited mandate . 
  examples include rwanada , isreal and yugoslavia were the un could not fight due to their limited mandate . 
  un peacekeepers in rwanada were simply there to watch as a genocide occurred , belgian forces could do little but evacuate themselves and foreign nationals . 
  in isreal in 1948 un forces watched as isreali and lebanese forces simply engaged each other outside the compound.indian , french , brazilian equipment was seized by both isreal and lebanon , escalating the conflict . 
  the most damning is yugoslavia and the srebrenica massacre were dutch forces sat on the other side of a hill as thousands of people were slaughtered inside the un security compound . 
  the un could do nothing . 
  the un once the shooting starts , has proven to be useless in such situations . 
  you can be angry with us and our unilateralism but the alternative has proven incompetent during such police actions . 
  yes but that 's not how the world works , when iran closed the strait of hormuz in 2011 essentially cutting kuwait , uae , iraq and 40 % of saudi oil from the sea it was the us fifth fleet tasked with forcing iran to back down.germany , india , brazil regionally powerful nations had no ability to effect this kind of change and you ca n't tell me the world would not be effected if the second and fourth largest oil producing nations went to war with the sixth largest oil producing nation . 
  things would be easier if the world was made of stable , democratic , nations the world is not made of such things . 
  half of these are the us turning nation states into democratic regimes , ie guatemala , haiti , and panama , all of which took several wars , coups , and rebellions befor all becoming democratic , capitalist us allies . 
  and all of these are cold war examples . 
  you make it sound like the us has the power to determine the fate of all nations , like we go in and our word is law , our will be done . 
  you think we have the power of god 's ? 
  that we create the facts on the ground and when we go in democracy magically follows . 
  your examples all have far more context then the us goes in and we are the bad guys . 
  in 1954 guatemala for example , when the highly unstable government , 25 coup attempts , 6 assassination attempts in 3 years , passed land reform to give all lands over 500 acres to the peasents it essentially took all us assets in the country and nationalized it . 
  it also took the land of many land owners who were forced into exile by the new governement , the guys that actually did the coup along with military officers from the failed coup 1948 . 
  so we gave weapons to guatemalan 's fighting guatemalan 's . 
  to make it sound like guatemala was a stable democracy befor the us makes your argument hollow . 
  context is everything , you could claim in your little shortsighted blurbs that the us overthrew the democratically elected leader of germany in 1945 without context ... 
  germany will shed many a tear . 
  us pulls out of nato and russia is in the baltic 6 months after , what after all is stopping them ? . 
  without the us there is no way to dislodge russia from the baltic . 
  i highly doubt german intellectual will not make a connection between a us pull out , the destruction of the german social state to help crash course an underfunded and unprepared german military , the evaporation of the eu since a chunk of it has been annexed , and a breakdown of the german economy due to such huge uncertanty in europe . 
  everyone who has something to lose suffer from a power vacuum . 
  but russia will not it can only gain in such a scenario and germany , it can only loss, 
  i 'm sorry but this is flat out false , your going to have to provide proof of a claim the us was out to annex france and western europe into a new imperium . 
  a ridiculous notion to say the least since the us has not annexed territory since we bought alaska from russia . 
  we did n't annex south korea , panama , honduras , or a host of other nations we have had to fight in and yet you claim we were out to take over the world in some old school imperial colonialist manner . 
  the us , the literal founders of the post colonial world and it 's new world order , preposterous . 
  nothing could really stop us from doing to western europe what the soviets did to eastern europe and yet there is absolutely no proof of us forces considering the annexation of germany , italy , or japan let alone an ally . 
  we were the ones who pushed for west german reunification into a full state , something france and degualle opposed . 
  for you to claim the us was out to take france when we did not set up a puppet regime , parallel institutions , martial law , or any of the other hallmarks of a coup is downright ridiculous considering us forces could have easily just stayed and that would have litterally been that , what could france have done ? 
  you were at your lowest and we could have taken it all for nothing by simply not moving and we did n't . 
  we left , we gave lives and treasure to rebuild your war torn country . 
  americans died for france and you dare !, 
  and for information we did n't like degualle , we though him a dictator waiting to proclaim himself napolean iv . 
  it was your own french intellectual class the called him `` the apprentice dictator '' . 
  your going to have to give better proof then the man 's own memoirs to claim assassination plots from a country he despised . 
  we may like france but degualle never liked us and quiet frankly the feeling was mutual . 
   but i can not love an imperialistic power that causes untold harm due to its willful interference abroad . 
  not a fan of the eu then huh !, 
  [ bud dum tss ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/ba_dum_tss_pirates_band_of_misfits.gif ), 
  us election judge here , average voting time last election was 7 minutes and it 's an easy process all you need is to register online , which all states have now had for the last 5 major elections , and come in with your signature , no voter id card or anything of that nature so it 's actually easier in the us then in many other countries . 
  the problem is not `` but it 's hard '' the problem is voter apathy , and party punishment . 
  this sub has somehow got the impression voting in the us is impossible because the worst case scenarios hit the news , its a classic case of a nadir phallasy . 
  the fact of the matter is the us election is the second largest election system in the world , with india of course being first . 
  you ca n't expect to have a perfectly smooth election in a country which had 200 million registered voters , or more the twice the size of the entire german population and change , that 's unrealistic . 
  is n't scotland financial dependent on the uk ? 
  would the eu be willing to cover the lost funds . 
  i think that would be a major question that needs answering . 
  i have heard of him and would love to live in portugal for awhile , how necessary is it to learn portuguese , i speak spanish at a basic level but that 's the closest language i got and i hear its not that close . 
  also how many tech jobs are in portugal . 
  i would need to do research . 
  ... what makes you think bears , cougars , and wild cats only live in national parks . 
  just last week my neighbor had baby deer guts all over his front yard after a mountain lion or some other big cat fed on it . 
  your observation is also simply an opinion . 
  i for one think europeans are more insular the americans to politics and world affairs . 
  the reason is europe thinks the world starts and stops at the european border , north africa , russia , anatolia . 
  while americans are much more involved in following the politics of latin america , the pacific rim , and southeast asia . 
  places europe ignores . 
  a europeans knowledge of japanese-south korean relations is rudimentary while in the us it is talked about as a nuanced balancing act . 
  i also think everyone is blind to their own bullshit . 
  the eu is basically sucking half the member nations dry but it insists on kicking the greek can down the road and pretending the eu is working . 
  its run by hypocritical northern and western europeans who wont listen to eastern europe about the dangers of russia and doesnt care if southern europe starves to death . 
   we have shithole countries , and we have societies the us could n't even dream of being but your point is how the eu is number # 1 ? 
  you cant carve out the parts you dont like , if that were the case we would just put up massachutes , california and other high hdi states and call it a day . 
  but primarily thats not how the index works.the hdi at the highest level is then marginal . 
  anything over .88 is considered statistically insignificant by the human development index mathematics , which is why we use the categorical term `` developed '' countries . 
  the difference in the hdi between the countries listed is marginal : norway 0.944 , australia 0.935 , switzerland 0.930 , denmark 0.923 , netherlands 0.922 , germany 0.916 , ireland 0.916 , united states 0.915 , canada 0.913 , new zealand 0.913 , singapore 0.912 , hong kong 0.910 , liechtenstein 0.908 , sweden 0.907 , united kingdom 0.907 , iceland 0.899 , korea , south 0.898 , israel 0.894 , luxembourg 0.892 , japan 0.891 , belgium 0.890 , france 0.888 , austria 0.885 , finland 0.883 , slovenia 0.880 ( a special congradulations to the newest member ) dependent members of developed countries : taiwan , jersey , cayman islands , bermuda , guernsey , gibraltar , norfolk island , faroe islands , isle of man , british virgin islands , falkland islands , aruba , puerto rico , martinique , greenland , and guam . 
  that 's not really true . 
  the us .915 hdi is higher then the eu average by far , and the difference between the high hdi countries is already marginal as to be statistally insignificant between the united states and western europe.germany .916 , sweden .907 , france .88 , italy .873 and the highest norway is .944 . 
  eastern and southern europe on the other hand is much poorer in rank then even mississippi . 
  gdp per capita is the same way the us has a much higher gdp per capita then the eu average . 
  only the micro states like lichtenstein or luxembourg have higher gdp per capita then the us at 57,300 . 
  certainly not the big population countries like germany at 48,200 , sweden at 49,700 or france at 42,400 . 
  cleanest cities can be debated further but there is no single criteria so that will be it 's own shit show , and healthcare i must concede , although education is not up for much debate as us universities are universally considered the best educational institutions in the world . 
  the large us university system has been considered the most prestigious in the world for quite sometime housing the largest number of students , largest research grants , and largest number of papers published . 
  so the dick measuring contest can be debated further in some of these fields depending on metrics used , but by hdi , gdp , gdp per capita , and gdp per ppp the us is definitely higher in ranking . 
   you `` just '' need people to start trusting experienced politicians again . 
  ahhh doomed it is then . 
  you cant be a contender if you not a single entity . 
  there is a reason when crisis hits the deciding factor is often beijing , moscow , or washington . 
   do not get me wrong , i do like americans , they are nice people that lack a bit of perspective and self awareness but have the attitude like their shit do n't stink . 
  that may be due to a faulty school system and a culture of turning a blind eye to the bad parts of history . 
  replace american with any other nationality and it 's racism , but since it 's us mongrel americans it 's all okay ... you truly are the embodiment of enlightment .
