  greece as an economy is about the size of miami , not to mock the greeks , but as a part of the eu it is practically nothing and yet this crisis brings the eu and euro too its knees , this was the currency that we kept hearing would challenge the dollar as the international reserve currency ? 
  and why is this happening ? 
  because europe wont just take the debt and pay it . 
  it sounds absurd in the united states . 
  i live in chicago , illinois i know for a fact my tax dollars wont be invested fully here , its gon na go down and help the poor in mississippi and i am okay with that . 
  that 's how a country works . 
  instead we get a situation in which little greece calls into question the euro and drags the eu down so heavily it causes headwinds in the world economy . 
  all for what ? 
  and what happens when a large economy takes a down turn , which will happen . 
  what then ? 
  its like when detroit , flint and the rest of michigan went bust , which is a much larger economy then greece , and us government did not step in and help with money , causing a down turn in the world economy . 
  how would that play out in the european media ? 
  the second problem is diplomatic . 
  when henry kissinger famously said `` who do i call if i want to speak to europe ? '' . 
  the eu would of course say brussels , but , in the us experience europe has very rarely had a single foreign policy so instead of calling 1 number , we call 29 numbers , we have call brussels twice !, 
  once again in us media the eu seems paralyzed in crisis where it looks like the eu is simply doing nothing . 
  the yugoslav war , ukraine crisis , georgia war , and others have solidified a fear in the us that when the eu does not have consensus its simply unable to act . 
  it seemed mind boggling for example that it took so long for france to shut down building a carrier for russia in the midst of the crimea crisis . 
  the us media and us population were dismayed at how much infighting occurred as to the appropriate actions europe would take after srebrenica massacre . 
  the fact that each nation in europe has its own foreign policy often undermines the eu 's position and often confuses the us on its position . 
  there are exceptions , the iran nuclear deal for instance was a rare case in which all of europe was in consensus and eu played a pivotal role in negotiations . 
  but these instances are to rare . 
  in a country , the political infighting is done away from international eyes and a collective consensus is presented in the international community . 
  you do not hear new york 's position or california 's position , you hear america 's position and in the eu its not true making international relations with the eu frustrating . 
  like it or not it was far easier when washington called a play and europe formed consensus of approval or disapproval around causing nudges and shifts in the us 's position . 
  verses the new way in which the eu and us may form a consensus but the eu is undermined from within causing the us position to be undermined as well . 
  under the eu there has been to few occasion when the us and europe have been able to create a collective front as was done from the 60 's to early 90 's . 
  we simply do not see the eu as ever being the decisive partner the collective nations of europe once were where if one or two nations broke rank it simply did not undermine the position of the collective whole . 
  i think it would be more wise for the eu to reform and clock in some victories so faith can be restored in the institution in the us or a pr campaign was made to return faith in what the us sees as more of an austro-hungarian or ottoman dinosaur as opposed to churchill 's `` united states of europe '' , you think euro skepticism look like they are growing in the eu , imagine how it looks from the outside looking in please . 
  we are not your enemy here to surround you as we and russia tie the noose around your neck . 
  trump 's position represents a lose of faith , in the us the view is clear . 
  either become a country or return to the nation state model this current state of affairs makes europe look weak . 
  tl ; dr we dont hate you we just do n't see the eu working out and your going to have to change our minds , the eu has not shown itself to be as capable a partner as the individual nations of europe once were . 
  as one friend of mine put it , `` think democracy would have won against fascism under the current state of affairs ? '', 
  because the world bank and imf are international institutions whose job is to measure economic growth and size . 
  as for why their numbers are different its for a number of reasons.a large one is when was the gdp estimate made , and when were the numbers calculated . 
  also what inputs are they using . 
  its not a simple question we live in a world where massive cargo ships , super computers , and satellites must all be broken down into a single gdp number . 
  your going to get variations in the data . 
  that does n't even sound close to remotely true . 
  canada is the us 's 2nd largest trading partner . 
  only the us-china trade relationship , of which both are each others largest trading partner , is more important or larger . 
  please provide a source for your alternative facts . 
  the man took office on friday and the germans panic before he found where the pens are in his desk . 
  sometimes it looks like the eu is in a constant state of panic before there is a problem . 
  thats not true ... south america is ours by default , were keeping our half of europe though and our half is gon na be huge . 
  culture shock really and nothing more , if your not used to it , a military man guarding a street stands out . 
  thats why its eu and not german spending ... telling others to spend money is always popular everywhere . 
   economic isolation japan ? 
   there will be times when europe 's foreign policy does n't match with the us , and when half of europe does not agree with the other half of europe what then ? 
  a unified foreign policy for europe simply does not exist . 
  the financial part . 
   in europe when we say `` heritage '' we are n't talking about 1700 's migrants from ireland and neither 1/32 cherokee ancestry . 
  putting heritage in quotes wont win you any points on this end of the pond . 
  besides there is something noble about taking the people you rejected and forming a nation which now makes your countries scramble to form a `` union '' just to even try and rival us on the world stage . 
  see we can use quotes generously too , 
   a traditional american attire would be cowboy style yah , we all wear ten gallon hats and like to tie damsels to rail lines while twirling our mustaches ... 
  couple of italians come to america and start making spaghetti westerns and all of europe thinks we cant get to work without circling our cars up for the 4:00 indian attack . 
  your country has to be able to end the world for your claim to be valid according to the court case * my care level v. arsenal of democracy . 
  you mean the cuban missile crisis ? 
  the one where the soviets put nukes 90 miles from the us coast . 
  a tank and nuclear tipped missile are two very different things . 
  uhhh , well poland had a good run this time . 
  i think you underestimate how important the marshall plan was in stabilizing europe . 
  for example , agricultural production in germany was only 35 % of what it was before the war . 
  the marshall plan filled in the gap with grain and food shipments which in turn stopped mass hunger from striking western europe . 
  without those shipments i very much doubt western europe would have remained liberal democracies without revolutions , people tend to revolt when there is no food to eat and all . 
  so if it were a european company we would all be forced into european values , if it were a chinese company we could all have a hard on for confucius right now . 
  what your talking about is unavoidable . 
  people come from somewhere and bring what they are with them . 
   facebook int . 
  is an european company i would think facebook international is an international company , in which case could you not easily argue it should spout chinese and indian values as well . 
  you force one down peoples throat and you will get a cornucopia of complaints from every part of the globe . 
  yah if that were the case there would be democracy everywhere . 
  for example when the belgian 's left the congo there was less then 10 congolese college graduates in the whole country . 
  the belgians never gave these people an educated they merely extracted resources from the region and when they left the whole thing fell apart as more then 80 % of the country could not read . 
  institutions can be set up in thin air and just as easily be lost in the thin air . 
  actually weird super fatty food is a tradition in the us but its very much tied to one particular event . 
  the state fair . 
  go to any state and go during the fair and watch weird shit get eaten . 
  only there have i seen fried snickers , doughnut burgers , or chocolate dipped chicken legs . 
   there 's a reason why both ww1 and ww2 were fought primarily in europe - because both sides understood that whoever rules all of europe will rule the world . 
  the rest of us were under the impression that both wars were fought primarily in europe because europe started both wars !, 
  your logic might be backwards on this one . 
  the british were always more practical then the other imperial powers , everyone save churchill knew and could already admit the empire was done . 
  the british did not for example fight long drawn out wars after wwii to hold its colonial possessions . 
  india , canada , australia , south africa , ect all left without much fuss in comparison to the other empires . 
  the french in algeria and vietnam , the dutch in indonesia fought tooth and nail to keep their empires despite world war 2 leveling them to third rate power status . 
  ehhhh . 
  i mean they were certainly a great power but a super power . 
  even by 1900 in comparison to the other great powers , the us was the largest economy in world with the german empire being second , the french army was more advanced , the russian army was the largest.true the british navy was the largest but one aspect out of so many does not a super power make . 
   simply to say you want a stake in the eu is n't enough . 
  you have to positively engage and work for european integration , you have to be at the center of schengen , the euro , the eu army , the refugee crisis , etc. 
  so your proving his overall point . 
  in order to lead the eu you have to be a federalist . 
   i doubt that the bnd helped with the industrial spionage and spying on government officials . 
  thats exactly what they did . 
  the bnd for example spied on siemens at the request of , and with tools created by , the nsa to make sure the company was complying with the iran nuclear deal . 
   well , the us systematically spying on germany is proven i do n't think you are aware of the fact that germany handed over much of the data when simply asked and uses nsa assets as it needs to in open agreement . 
  the german bnd works very closely with the nsa .
