  the eu policy is therefore ... 
  a good point and i take it back . 
  we can minus the swiss from this . 
  they never were an imperial people those mountain euros . 
  ostpolitik stemmed from otto von bismark wanting to have good relations with russia so germany could focus its military and economic power against france ... i think we are well passed the point where ostpolitik makes sense to anyone besides those who are so old their birth certificate says prussia . 
  i love orangutans , they are so nice . 
  so great . 
   the us destiblisation of the middle east because europe did such a fine job carving up the remains of the ottoman empire . 
  not like you can blame sykes-picot oh wait ... 
  the biggest reason sa has power is because it has stability in an unstable region and literally kept oil prices from fluctuating rapidly for the last 80 years . 
  when instability hits sa increase production to meet the needs lost in the conflict . 
  it has been doing that for forever . 
  that gives them power . 
  everyone is supporting sa buddy . 
  or more specifically the house of saud ... because if they fall and all your left with is dealing with the actual population of sa ... well just be glad they are in check . 
  thats ridiculous . 
  the germans and austrians are pissed and the polish , romanians , and the baltic states are all praising the move . 
  what schizophrenic eu policy are we pissing off today . 
  get your 27 nations on the same page before claiming were undermining the eus non-existent foreign policy . 
  im sorry you hate captain cheeto so much but the last time i checked he and the united states in general have not annexed territory , lied about syrian chem weapons that were supposed to be destroyed ; which apparently in russian and syrian translates to `` use it or lose it '' , challenged the borders of literally every place russia borders , and had state sponsered policy of beat the life out gay people . 
  then you can level this argument . 
  till then , were best-worst friend the worlds ever had !, 
  the problem used to be ostpolitik so you could focus on france . 
  france is no longer the enemy so why is germany still so cozy with russia , they dont occupy half the country anymore ? 
  is it because they occupied half the country for so long its now a cultural thing ? 
  we just did ... the reason we did n't earlier is because you guys practically had a prolapse over the mere thought . 
  well if merkels humorless face is any indication , german comedic senses are as dead as they have every been . 
  i dont care who you are that stunt was funny ... as ... hell . 
  russia makes most of its money on energy , by avoiding the energy sector your avoiding most of the russian economy . 
  the low price of oil due to us and canadian oil discoveries , and opec trying to keep market share has probably done more harm to the russian economy then the toothless obama/europe sanctions . 
  russia wants to mess with american and allied democracies , thats a no go . 
  you dont do that !, 
  i could care less if a german has to wear a jacket , if it means russia stops interfering in democracies from washington to riga . 
  its also not in the us position where if they shut off our gas we will have a market glut the month after the invasion . 
  but thats germanys problem isnt it , it cant have it both ways . 
  it cant be european unity on tuesday and drill , baby , drill on wednesday . 
  if your from anywhere in western europe ... so has yours . 
  this is a perfect example of european disunity when it comes to foreign policy . 
  austria and germany oppose and are bitching all the way . 
  romania , poland , and the baltic are praiseing the us for this action.and then they complain about us not dealing with the schizophrenic eu policy . 
  what the hell is your actual position as a continent ? 
  we dont know , you dont know ? 
  but damn us for doing something instead of sitting on our hands . 
  ehh it depends , what the american president does and does not do is always scrutinized till peoples eye 's bleed . 
  lets not forget captain cheeto got alot of praise when he rained tomahawks down on syria for chemical weapons attacks and now everyone in the middle east is buying our weapons in the billions , and likes us , and is calling him `` abu ivanka al-amriki '' . 
  people in europe hate him , people in the me love him , and our pacific allies are so-so about tangerine face . 
  s.a never chose the spanish neither nor did the haitians choose to be french slaves . 
  nor did the egyptians choose to be invaded by the sea people confederation in 1000b.c . e what your point exactly ? 
  as for decisions , do you really think america would be in the dominant position its in if it had more misses then hits ? 
  you cant create a hegemony this global without getting most things right my friend . 
  your quest : find a secular middle east faction . 
  that we can work with in the middle east . 
  your results : they are all bad , dont cry when planes blow up ... you have to work with the middle east , the suez canal is 6 % of the worlds trade alone and most of our oil and shipping has to pass its waters and get processed there . 
  if there are no good secular , democracies in the region then you must work with the brutal regimes of the region . 
  we did n't choose to work with saudi arabia we work with the people in charge of the arab peninsula . 
  it might be a us thing then since we produce a large number of almonds here . 
  likewise almond milk and soya milk are very cheap , with lactose free milk being the most expensive . 
  lactose free milk is more expensive then almond or soya milk . 
  its the nature of literally taking the lactose sugars out of the milk , requiring alot more processing . 
  in trying to kill the nut based milk industry , europe is just going to drive up the cost of both kinds of milk , nut milk by artificially lowering demand by forcing bad marketing , and regular and lactose free milk by increasing demand since the alternative will no longer have the economies of scale . 
  the only ones benefiting are french cow farmers ... surprise surprise . 
  as they should , the rise of these milk alternatives coincides with the rise of lactose intolerance , the market had a need and the market filled . 
  europe is trying to kill it without thinking of all the people who cant drink milk . 
  over regulation for no reason, 
  say that when your lactose intolerant and cant have milk anymore , then its close enough . 
  for people with lactose intolerance , soya milk is a godsend.when my dad discovered it years ago it tasted close enough to milk for him to put in his cereal ... on the other hand if it was called , soya drink , i doubt he would have learned about it to use the product . 
  for me that 's good marketing not misleading marketing , and im not a fan of the decision since it made our family breakfast better . 
  not a fan , i think its government regulation for the sake of regulation and not the benefit of the consumer . 
  ba'athists ... your kidding right . 
  you literally googled `` secular '' and `` arab '' and found one of the most brutal political movements on the planet , please read the history of this group . 
  a pan arab movement which took root in two authoritarian states after its split , syria and iraq . 
  [ saddam hussein ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saddam_hussein ) was the leader of the iraqi baathist . 
  the group that ruled iraq with an iron fist and invaded kuwait , commanded a brutally repressive regime , was responsible for the [ genocide against kurds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anfal_genocide ) which included gas and chemical attacks . 
  the syrian baathist are led by the [ asad family ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-assad_family ) in syria , you know the family who has ruled the country for generations , currently led by the great humanitarian [ bashar al-assad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bashar_al-assad ) also a brutal and repressive regime responsible for the mass slaughter and discrimination against the non-alawites in syria . 
  now currently in a barrel-bombing , chemical weapon using civil war . 
  my friend , you are looking for a secular good guy that has n't existed since mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk turned turkey into a secular nation which the united states aligned with , only for us to have what is currently the not so secular turkey of today . 
   if only they choose islamists like the us did , in afghanistan , in syria you imply there is a non-islamic government , faction , power in the region ? 
  please do tell us more about this secular middle-eastern faction you wish to align with !, 
  that ... changes the mcdonald calculation considerably . 
  thats been the french narrative of the us since before we were a country , european hubris and fear of americanization starts with the [ degeneracy thesis '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-americanism#degeneracy_thesis ) and continues into `` ami - go home '' . 
  edit : america is ignorant of europe , europe is ignorant of america . 
  and on the internet were all experts on everything !, 
  is my point . 
  bombs have dropped every year , year on year in the me since 1918 and the fall of the ottoman empire . 
  they cant sign treaties but they can send trade delegations and make city wide promises . 
  well duh you cant get alliance with britain and france and invade half of eastern europe at the same time . 
  but this isnt some nice government were talking about here either we are talking about stalin 's soviet union . 
  you cant have a great purge , gulag death camps , population transfer , and mass repression in the 1920s-1930s and expect a hard alliance with that of the western allies . 
  and its always been a weak argument that stalin needed to invade half of europe to create a soviet buffer zone with germany . 
  especially when he invaded poland hand in hand with hitler . 
  the whole point of sls and orion is to get a manned mission to mars . 
  i thought there objective was fairly clearly laid out . 
  no one wants to be allies of the soviet union , with a madman like stalinin charge . 
  were talking about as country who prior to being invaded by the nazis , invaded : poland , finland , lithuania , latvia , estonia , ect . 
  read : https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2017/country-chapters/china-and-tibet then read : https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2017/country-chapters/united-states one talks about slave labor camps , a state secret regarding executions estimated in the thousands , and that the main media press outlet must swear `` unwavering loyalty to the party '' the other is about illegal immigration , a travel ban on muslim majority countries , and a criticism of the drug war . 
  they are not comparable . 
  we got a dollar menu is there no euro menu ? 
  if you do n't have little kids you do n't know the pain of getting your kids to eat new food . 
  but mcdonalds will be eaten every time in every country . 
  that was true in georgia in 2008 , the russian military really made some bad errors .
