  because the market is well aware that a us states can get emergency funding from the federal government fully paying the debt , but , by doing so the state essentially goes into `` soft bankruptcy '' where the us state has to do massive structural reforms . 
  michigan had to go through this process but by doing so it ensured the credit of the us was good and the dollar remained unaffected since the debts were paid off in full on time . 
  mind you this does n't always work perfectly . 
  example being flint where the water crisis occurred because the city went to a cheaper water source without taking into account the mineral buildup on the pipes , leaching lead , causing flint to declare a state of emergency opening up more federal funds ... lol , more of my tax dollars go down the money pit due to f ** k up , but that is needed in a union . 
  but it does illustrate that michigan itself has very little control of its finances until recently , it just got solvent again . 
  this meant art in museums in michigan were sold , state assets sold ect . 
  will a european country accept these terms ? 
  due to this provision a us state can never go insolvent , a city can but not a us state . 
  for the eu its `` union of countries '' with a currency which , presents a catch 22 the greeks can never come out of . 
  unlike a us state greece cant declare a disaster and be bailed out through the eu , the germans wont pay for it . 
  and unlike a country greece can not weaken the value of its currency , encouraging exports and tourists , since that is controlled in brussels not athens . 
  but because a greek default on the euro would technically mean an eu default on the euro the eu has to do something . 
  and that is the funny story of why an economy only slightly bigger then miami , is able to create such chaos in one of the largest economies in the world . 
  and why if you want a union your going to have to accept that northern european are going to have to pay extra taxes to subsidize southern europeans . 
  union 101 . 
  we are ... because ever since the soviet union crumbled we 've really been bored over here . 
  thank god for the chinese and someone to challenge us again , we do our best work under such pressure . 
  if europeans start moving around you 'll start doing it to . 
  from the first day of school we did book reports and presentations on where your family came from ? 
  how did they get here and when ? 
  why did they leave ? 
  besides its not an america thing its a new world thing . 
  you are correct edited . 
  migrants going from rich to poor countries is not a new phenomenon nor are migrants going from war torn countries to safer ones . 
  but any spending related to these people does not help the common defense . 
  taking money from a tank battalion to aid refugees does not make the alliance safer and in fact sets a dangerous idea of allowing allies to simply substitute humanitarian aid for military power with the expectation of us protection . 
  whether it be europe and russia or south east asia and china we can no longer simply watch as allies degrade their capacity while expecting total us commitment to their defense . 
  besides you can just as easily blame germany carte blanche invitation , the arab peninsula 's refusal to take any refugees ( the real crime i think ) and the general general state of lawless in the region since the fall of the ottoman empire . 
  its not as if the middle east was peaceful before nato actions . 
  think of it as a peculiar arrangement where the most powerful people in the capital of the most powerful country which has the power to change the course of nations of peoples ... cant get a congressmen to solve their local parking problems ... irony is sweet sometimes . 
  more then urban and rural its big and small states . 
  at the founding small states were worried big states would get their way and trample their rights . 
  big states wanted a popular vote system with a powerful executive , small states wanted equal parliament with no executive . 
  the college became a mathematical compromise where one must win a combination of the popular vote and the spread of that vote . 
  in the last election for instance , clinton got 48.2 % of the popular vote and trump got 46.1 % , but trump carried 30 states to clinton 's 20 + dc . 
  transcript :  moderator : `` you are the first daughter of the united states , and you are also assistant to the u.s. president . 
  as part of the audience , especially the german audience is not familiar with the concept of a first daughter , i 'd like to ask you your role -- to whom are you representing ? 
  your father as the president of the united states , the american people or your business ? 
   ivanka trump : `` well certainly not the latter , and i am rather unfamiliar with this role as well , as it is quite new to me . 
  it has been a little under 100 days , but it has just been a remarkable , an incredible journey . 
  so you know , as an entrepreneur and as an individual prior to this in the private sector , i care very much about empowering women in the workplace and the opportunity to have an elevated platform , to be able to sit here on this stage , and thank you , chancellor , for your very gracious invitation . 
  i am humbled to be here with so many formidable leaders , to engage in dialogue , to learn , to bring the advice , to bring the knowledge back to the united states , back to both my father and the president and hopefully , that will bring about incremental , positive change , and that is my goal . 
  so this is very early for me . 
  i 'm listening , i 'm learning , i 'm defining the ways in which i think i 'll be able to have impact . 
  i am seeking the counsel -- to use your word -- of informed and thoughtful women and men and i 'm really striving to think about how best to empower women in the economy , both domestically and across the globe , because it 's all interrelated . 
  so it 's been wonderful today and i have no doubt that coming out of this trip , i 'll be all the more informed . 
   if the 2 % was actually about simply pulling your own weight or whatever , you 'd also count the post-war costs as part of the 2 % . 
  when millions of people flee from afghanistan , syria , libya , iraq etc. 
  they generally do n't end up in the usa . 
  because spending money on a housing center for migrants in italy , will defend against a column of russian t-14 breaking out for vilnius how exactly ? 
  aid is one thing and i sympathize with those fleeing the shitty region from isreal to india , but , allied defense is entirely another matter . 
  you do n't see us adding in cost for usaid or usgs early warning systems when an earthquake or tsunami hits . 
  eh ill give it 50/50 . 
  it was worded rather harshly , `` i 'd like to ask you , what is your role , and who are you representing , your father as president of the united states , the american people , or your business ? '' emphasis being on the business and if she should even speak at all , it was a very hostile room to say the least , given the videos i would say she definitely walked into a hostile audience . 
  the one i think got hurt most by this was oddly merkel herself . 
  she invited ivanka hoping for it to be a new avenue to talk to the president of the us given she no longer has her obama relationship to rely on . 
  this seems to have be been a miscalculation by the chancellor . 
  damn lingua franca , why does everyone keep using you !, 
  its different with them , puerto rico has never formally started the process to either decolonize as the philippines did in 1934 . 
  or start the formal process to become a state as hawaii did in 1939 . 
  they just sit in status quo land . 
  d.c cant become a state because by the definition of a `` union of states '' d.c is supposed to be neutral ground and administered the national congress , no one was supposed to live in d.c. 
  in practice it has a higher population then 4 states . 
  they get to vote for president , they get the minimum 3 electoral college votes , but they get no voting members in the house or senate.i call it 50/50 . 
  you mean the plot for ted 2 ? 
  it was actually more like 14-16 billion for germany of the 130 billion spent in the marshal plan europe fund . 
  credit where credit is due , the germans did alot to rebuild their country , but one need not downplay us contributions in the effort , thats alot of money . 
  what did you get your phd in ? 
  til a 10th of germans really do n't remember what germany was like before 1989 . 
   her majesty queen m\u00e1xima of the netherlands , un secretary general 's special advocate for inclusive finance for development and honorary chair of the g20 global partnership for financial inclusion inherited title , obscure title position for being queen and interested , obscure title position for being queen and interested his point still holds . 
  that 's a rather lob sided year ... then again it would be quite the nice little north american union we would have going on ... 
  most modern tanks are equipped with infrared and other sensors . 
  against a t-14 the nets are actually better as they are specially designed to dampen heat and provide visual camouflage . 
  training mostly , most of our tanks are deployed abroad . 
  not exactly on a war footing with mexico or canada . 
  there was not a hungry empire in africa like there was in america just east of the mississippi river . 
  it would have been a one sided war . 
  napoleon knew it and had no interest in it for that reason , no way to defend such land so far , with your enemy between you and it , better to trade with america and fight in europe then fight america and lose for nothing . 
  you would have had a 12 day war of france v america . 
  one which france was so far away from that it could not possibly win . 
  america was hungry for land and settlement , france would have gone bankrupt again fighting a war so far from home , against a much stronger america 30 years after the revolution . 
  france played it better selling the land . 
  im sorry why are my ~ ~ bases ~ ~ allies fighting over inconsequential things . 
  you sound like a man who goes to bed at 11 , likes tapioca , and wants all the `` wipper-snappers '' to get off his lawn . 
  its that damn hip hop musics fault . 
  shut it peasant your american superiors are talking !, 
  lol why so mad , lets be real . 
  netflix is the best , google is the best , amazon is the best , apple is so so . 
   dont get mad europe , get good . 
  * caveat 1 and so the list begins . 
  if thats the case i tip my hat to your now superior silicon valley . 
  obama 's reset , bush 's rapprochement plan , clinton wanting to be drinking buddies with yeltsin . 
  yes your facts check out . 
  since the cold wars end every one knows it would be easier to get along with a nice , stable , democratic russia . 
  if only we had one of those laying around . 
  iraq itself happened because europe dismantled an empire . 
  the countries of iraq and syria only exist because the french and english needed a dmarcation line for their new colonies . 
  colonies which they promised freedom for revolting against the ottomans , the arab revolt in ww1 . 
  a freedom not provided mind you . 
  poland buys our helicopters , america buy italian pistols , the french buy american and israeli uavs , the french sell carriers to egypt ... its almost as if were allies or something ... damn the polish for not buying shit purely from europe and no where else !,
