  its a matter of efficiency vs capacity . 
  per capita measures efficiency of the population . 
  but to expect even the largest nation of europe , germany , with 80 million to compete with the united states , a population of 320 million in an overall level is a lesson in futility . 
  germany on its own ca n't compete with japan , a population 150 million . 
  to challenge the united states in overall terms is simply impossible for such a small population . 
   dude ever heard of per capita ? 
  per capita is important for measuring an individual level . 
  but it does not represent the overall level , which is far more important . 
  besides is n't the point of the eu to shed the whole per-capita argument and fight the us toe to toe ? 
  debt is one of the worst arguments considering the size of the us economy and that most of debt is owed by the government to the government ( 1/3 of the debt is one department owing another department money ) . 
  china is the largest foreign owner of us debt at 7 % . 
  the largest holder of us debt is us citizens . 
  debt is one of the worst measures in deciding how well a country is doing economically . 
  after reading these post ... i dont want to go too europe anymore, 
  no one prior to these two as it was not possible , but once global trade and globalization in general became possible then freedom of the seas became necessary . 
  the prior periods of power peace : pax romana ( 27 bc to 180 ad ) , pax islamica ( 8th-12th century ) , pax mongolica ( 12th-14th ) did not have the technological capacity for this , indeed none of these great periods of peace were world based but regionally based . 
  the first real super power by today 's definition , which requires being a great power through out the whole world was pax britannica , followed by the pax americana . 
  no , but it does mean we need to keep our navy bases in spain , italy , and greece ... i think we have one in the germany section of the north sea as well . 
  but you get the point . 
  this seems uncomfortable . 
  the article says its just a letter , but it seemed like a veiled attempt to say , `` vote in , or you lose your job . '', 
  transitioning too . 
  the original meaning was one of alliance , us led the first world , ussr led the second , and neutral nations were part of the third world . 
  over time this became economic . 
  being allied with the us became synonymous with economic development . 
  being second meant you were a little better off and being third world became synonymous with poor . 
  with the collapse of the second world , those countries that joined the us alliance umbrella , the first world feel as though economic development will come , like south korea , chile , panama , or the post war countries under the marshall plan . 
  yah , in russia v eu , russia would win hands down , nato-secretary general has said so himself . 
  currently if russia invades the baltic , they would win within 48 hours even with us troops there , nato command has stated as such . 
  the current plan calls for a liberation of the baltic in this scenario , but without the us which accounts for 72.2 % of nato funding there is no way this is happening . 
  the western allies will cut a deal with russia , russia will get half of europe , poland might become a buffer state and the eu would be dead . 
  europes military is designed to `` click '' into the us military , europe has ships , and logistical support to move troops across the world . 
  russia 's military is singular in its purpose its tanks far outstrip nato in numbers their troops are endless with a population of 150 million . 
  their military is designed for land action in europe , european armies are not . 
  you are making the same mistake europe seems to make once every 50 years . 
  do underestimate russia !, 
   nobody 's going to invade europe anytime soon if the us goes full isolationist i can totally see a russian invasion of the baltic within 6 months of the date . 
  what would be stopping them ? 
  current nato plans even revolve around nato having to `` liberate '' the baltic , russia is too close , too powerful , too capable and they are too exposed . 
  liberating the region would already be hard enough with the us , there is absolutely no chance of that happening if the largest member of nato , who accounts for 72.2 % of nato 's military expenditure , is out . 
  so the new normal would have to be accepted , europe could not do anything about it and with this failure the eu would be dead . 
  the western alliance would cut a deal with russia and russia would probably be free to have their hand in the eastern europe . 
  poland might become a buffer state . 
  do not underestimate russia nor over estimate the armies of europe , when natos own secretary-general has said he is beholden to washington as they hold all the cards . 
  [ natos secreatry general report ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/opinions_127331.htm#sg8 ) [ nato-budget report ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_01/20160128_sg_annualreport_2015_en.pdf#page=93 ), 
  this would be true if the us was a mercantile-imperial super power like the european empires prior to world war 2 . 
  but america is a capitalist-hegemonic super power . 
  america 's `` empire '' stems from it being `` that indispensable nation '' . 
  the american alliance system casts a broad net and people generally liked being part of america 's `` first world '' alliance over the ussr `` second world '' , or the neutral nations `` third world '' . 
  we do n't benefit directly from military supremacy as a true empire does we do so indirectly . 
  there is n't as much pressure forcing us to be in this position of `` might makes right either '' . 
  the british empire needed imperial forces for subjugation of local populations . 
  the us does not have that need . 
  there is little holding us back from bring the troops home and turning isolationist . 
  we have two seas , a huge population , lots of resources and talent , and friendly neighbors . 
  there is more negative consequences for the rest of the world then for the us to turn isolationist . 
  the only reason we cant is due to the power vacuum we would leave behind . 
  part of being the super power is assuring `` freedom of the sea '' . 
  that has been a basic hallmark of the super power for quiet some time . 
  when the iranians threatened to blockade the strait of hormuz a couple of years ago for example . 
  they were quick to play down all the chest thumping the minute the 5th fleet was redeployed to the area . 
  it gives the us enormous influence over other nations policy , because the us ensures everyone has civilian access rights to the sea . 
   the us gets a stable europe agreed , better to have us troops there now then pull out and watch instability come ... we pulled out of europe once and we got a second world war . 
  pull me into a ww once shame on you , pull me into a ww twice shame on me . 
  not unless the `` welcome to crete '' sign is riddled with bullet holes . 
  there is nothing like standing on the georgia-alabama line and seeing georgians out having a picnic on one end , and alabamians using their sign as target practice on the other, 
   the problem is that putin himself did n't do anything , yet he gets 10 times the media coverage that the pm of island or the president of the ukraine get . 
  its hard to not believe that both putin and xi jinping new nothing but lets be fair here in order of magnitude by importance both russia and china outstrip the rest on this list . 
  the leaders of china . 
  russia , and united states especially warrant much greater coverage then the prime minister of iceland . 
  wow wikileaks ... its an attack when reporting what happened . 
  nobody forced these guys to be corrupt , you cant blame the guy who revealed the corruption . 
  well give me a break im from chicago , the cold side of my country . 
  we dont get the sun like miami , atlanta or dallas . 
  though we are n't as bad as minnesota aka little canada . 
  the lack of tax does help as does the fracking , but really its the redesigning of alot of these vehicles to better fit the market . 
  the new suv 's especially are very fuel efficient now , and get comparable though not as good gas mileage as smaller cars . 
  this is because alot of the newer suv 's and trucks are built on car chassis with basic reinforcement and elongation of the design and are now designed for comfort over off road capability making them more efficient . 
  the lack of efficiency came from the need for more power since that 's what they were originally for , but the market determined this is not what the consumer wanted and now favors comfort , you now have to buy `` super-duty '' or `` industrial use '' versions of the vehicles to get that same power and thus lack of efficiency anymore . 
   yeah it used to be this way in norway too . 
  now a house will cost an arm and a leg . 
  its all about location . 
  housing prices in los angles , san francisco , chicago , new york , houston , atlanta , dallas , seattle ect . 
  basically first tier cities are outrageous in pricing . 
  but if you go to lower tier cities like saint louis , charlotte , kansas city , cleveland , portland or baltimore ect . 
  they tend to be much more affordable . 
  of course living out in the middle of nowhere where the roads do n't have names but numbers is the cheapest of all . 
  yes the large area contributes greatly to this but also its the lack of people and the concentration of those people . 
  the continental us , which does not include alaska or hawaii , is 8,080,464.3 km ^ 2 . 
  the total population of the us is 320 million people . 
  for comparison the area of the eu is 4,325,000 km ^ 2 with a population of 503 million people . 
  like europe most of united states lives in cities and suburbs and as such are highly concentrated in small areas of the country . 
  mainly the coasts and boarder cities , chicago , dallas ect . 
  due to this most of the us is `` virgin '' land . 
  in 2013 , the last major land audit . 
  we had only developed about 112 million acres , or about 6.47 % of the total land area of the united states . 
  canada and mexico 's numbers are even more dramatic as they have smaller populations , 122.3 million mexicans and 35.16 million canadians.while still having huge parcels of land . 
  north america in general is the most underpopulated continent , though australia comes close . 
  houses above 200m ^ 2 exist in the nordic nations but they are not common . 
  the us , canada , new zealand and australia are in there own tier in terms of house space .
