  if china invades an island with military personnel , such as senkaku islands , diaoyu islands or spratly 's then its open war as these islands belong to japan , the philippines , or a host of other countries based on the un 200 nautical mile zone . 
  its refreshing to be called ignorant from someone who is clearly an idiot . 
   what annexation ? 
  does any country recognize south ossetia ? 
  did georgia have any control over south ossetia before the war ? 
  no one recognizes crimea either but the reality on the ground is that it is controlled by russia . 
  its like saying vichy france was independent because the nazis did n't directly take control of it . 
   you are quite ignorant about what happened after ww2 i see . 
  when the us and uk were happy to give stalin all the lands he demanded . 
  yes , because after the nazi defeat we were going to go start another war with the soviet union to liberate the rest of europe . 
  that would have been a cake walk right . 
  how easy would it have been to destroy the soviet forces in 1945 . not like we still had war with the japanese or anything . 
  you do realize this was at the height of the red armies power , all the powers were exhausted and we still had another war to fight . 
  tell me would the french have helped in such a war?canada?italy?could the british even help given the damage done to them ? 
  what your really asking is , why didnt the us fight a war with the ussr/japan by itself ? 
  you want to be the one to tell the australians us forces are pulling out against the japanese and they are going to have to fight the second largest combined fleet the world has ever seen all on their own !, 
   there is no war in ukraine now. , is there ? 
  yes there is so long as ukraine continues to fight there is a war . 
  if it worked at all we would n't have needed to clean up after the srebrenica massacre in the bosnian war . 
  time eu grew a pair so it can police its backyard . 
  agreed headline feels cringe worthy . 
  especially since the king of thailand was a very beloved king . 
  they are not occupying those islands they are claiming them on maps and fighting with other countries at negotiating tables . 
  no military personal or war material is sitting on these islands . 
  no territory has been invaded or annexed . 
  the chinese have not invaded or taken any territory . 
  they have created new islands which is a major concern but no island which has naturally occured is under occupation by forces of any kind . 
  only when that happens does your argument have similarity to the georgia or ukraine crisis , if that happens . 
  these islands are uninhabited and some of them are no bigger then big rocks jutting out of the water . 
  not the same by a long shot . 
   there any war in georgia or ukraine now ? 
  uhm the georgia war ended in russian annexation , the ukraine crisis is ongoing but has also had major parts of the country annexed by russia . 
  russia got what it wanted and europe did n't do anything about it . 
  i mean this annexation were talking about here , the last time this happened it was the sudetenland crisis and the prelude to the 2nd world war . 
  but you didnt answer my question . 
  how did france or germany handle either crisis any better then the us . 
  you act as if there was an eu wide policy on the matter . 
  it looked more like the eu had its pants down and the russians surprised everyone . 
  why would we sanction china ? 
  they are creating islands which is provocative yes . 
  they arent taking other peoples islands . 
  kinda of a big difference . 
  man has a point this is not the russia of 1990 's were dealing with . 
  russia 's moves since 2008 have been disturbingly imperialistic . 
  what ? 
  how did germany or france handle the ukraine or georgia crisis any better then the us ? 
  reports at the time show the us was actually very annoyed by the lack of movement by the eu . 
  we dont really need to intimidate anyone , its the only currency which full fills all the requirements for a reserve currency . 
  its stable , its backed by a large economy , its backed by historical good credit , it has quantity , and its insulated from market shocks better then any other currency . 
  the us cant force people to buy in dollars . 
  they do it because when they buy those dollars they expect their to be a dollar in 10 years time . 
  this includes oil producing countries . 
  i dont know why so many buy into the oil conspiracy theory . 
  the oil producing nations buy it because its stable and will have value in the long term , the same reason every other natural resource is bought , sold and traded in dollars . 
  its as relevant as saying bauxite , pigs and , tires are all traded in dollars on the worlds commodity markets . 
  the only nation to move away from the dollar was iraq , but it did so after the un put it under sanctions in the 1991 gulf war and invasion of kuwait . 
  iraq wanted to spite the us so it switched to euros , an irrelevant move since it was under general un sanctions and no one could buy iraqi oil on the open market , as it was made illegal by the un general assembly . 
  iraq could have switched to buying oil in tampons and it would have been just as relevant since the only oil coming from iraq came from the un oil for food program . 
  this conspiracy theory ignore both economic realities and chronology of historical events . 
  granted all the majors are all linked only through the dollars on the open market , eur/usd , usd/jpy , gbp/usd , usd/chf . 
  but , its not unheard of for countries to exchange large sums of currency to avoid using the dollar . 
  a couple of years ago china and russia swapped rubbles for reminbi so as to avoid the use of the dollar , it has happened it is however uncommon . 
  i can see where your coming from in this.but if the us does not have the final say in which way the dollar is allowed to be used , as is the prerogative with all countries and their financial systems , then who does and who will back it ? 
  currencies the world over run on the faith of the government printing it . 
  the dollar has been internationalized to the point of ubiquity , but the backer of the coinage is still the treasury and the american government as a whole . 
  i understand the need to want to internationalize the dollar so it seems fairer for all but then who backs it ? 
  decoupling the us from the dollar would make it a fair currency for all to access and use that is without doubt . 
  the reason for the dollars use is that its stable , 230 years of use/no default and its quantity , backed by a large economy so lots of it in the system . 
  no us politician nor the us citizenry as a whole would back a plan where the us is on the hook for a currency which an international tribunal , the wto , world bank , or the un has authority over and if it did its value would be lost . 
  its a catch 22 , you want the backing of the us for the currency to work in the international system . 
  but to have that the us needs control of the dollars monetary and fiscal relations . 
  it would be an interesting case to bring to the wto . 
  can the us ban countries from using its currency when it clearly harms and hampers the relations of third parties and other states to the banned country ? 
  dollars come with american rules as euros come with eu rules . 
  if you want to sell and buy shit from iran you could do it in rials , euros , swiss francs , canadian or australian dollars or a combination of all.but these banks blantently laundered money for these iranian and european companies so everyone could use the dollar . 
  they broke us law the minute dollars were transactioned to iran . 
  its a simple rule , if your doing business with iran , north korea , or cuba . 
  dont use dollars its what the other 30 % of the worlds reserve currency is for anyway . 
  yes thats what the ceo of the company that just got shafted says . 
  what did the actual deal say ? 
  indeed the euro works in the same way . 
  if mexico and chad make a deal and the payment is in euro 's it then involves the european union into the matter legally as the backer of the currency . 
   us gets 10s of billions just because the transaction occurred in dollars ? 
  that is normal yes . 
  if european companies want to do business in iran that is their business . 
  but the us has sanctions on iran . 
  if the iranians are willing to buy european products in euros or the european companies were willing to sell in rials then all is well and good . 
  the problem is both iran and most european companies want to do transactions in dollars and many of the banks were laundering the money so both parties could get dollars . 
  thats a big no no . 
  the whole point being if europe and iran want to make deals go ahead but dont involve us.the us is the backer of the dollar , any deal involving dollars essentially bears with it the support of the treasury department and the us government . 
  that is fairly blatantly involving us . 
   should n't the europeans country try to buy and support europeans manufacturer ? 
  this would have open a factory in poland . 
  a good chunk of the polish argument was that airbus would not be building any factory in poland , but sikorsky agreed to and that was one of the main reasons for buying the black hawks . 
  these events led to the cuba-ussr missile pacts , which started the cuba missle crisis which has then led to the us embargo of cuba from the world market and the complete freeze out of cuba from the dollar system . 
  hostile relations with cuba have only recently subsided.like i said bay of pigs happened before cuban missile crisis , your chronology is off . 
   the entire point of the ec and the eu was to keep germany down no that saying was used for nato , its attributed to secretary-general hastings ismay , the 1st nato secretary-general , `` to keep the russians out , the americans in , and the germans down , '' eu , ecc , or the ec never had this as a tag line . 
  bay of pigs was a cia backed , but its soldiers were all cuban exiles who had lost everything after the castro revolution . 
  they were cubans who fled to florida , puerto rico and brazil after being exiled from cuba . 
  you do realize this sparked the largest humanitarian crisis the western hemisphere has ever seen right .
