  many a time did a old man king take 12 year old girl to bed ... and sometimes an old queen would take a 12 year old boy as well . 
  wait is that a stereotype of california ... since when ? 
  ugh are we gon na do this okay ... first off the americans were not involved in the agreement , they were never at the table , they did n't even know the british had promised the arabs a state !, 
  i would like to see your source for otherwise . 
  hell the agreement was signed in 16 may 1916 . 
  the americans were still isolationists at the time , they did not enter ww1 till april 6 , 1917 . 
  this was an entente agreement , the americans were not even part of the alliance when all this occurred . 
  so no i dispute the american greater involvement in the affair . 
  russia gets istanbul , the british get the coast and france gets the interior . 
  the americans were at the table and got nothing ? 
  i think not . 
  second this was the comment i commented on ...  ok then . 
  thank you for all of the refugees . 
  now it sounds like singular blame to me ... am i mistaken , i doubt that . 
  nor do i dispute this comment was in the heat of the moment and is probably not the actual feelings of the commentor . 
  i am merely saying this situation has many people to blame , it can go around to a great many nations . 
  france , britain , and russia actually . 
  by the sykes -- picot agreement . 
  the point i was making is that one event does not a crisis make . 
  it is a series of events stretching back over time and under a great many stress factors.to blame america solely for the refugees coming into europe is simplistic . 
  this is called the free rider effect ... sweden is a prime example of this . 
  your welcome , next time dont divide the middle east and africa so badly and we might not need to keep having this conversation . 
  so is rolling over for hitler so he can invade norway ... swedish tradition of rolling over and playing dead . 
  if america is `` intense imperialism '' what was europe prior to wwii , `` mega-super-imperialism '' ? 
  i think turkey gets a bad rep here , i would like to remind people that in comparison to europe , turkey has been under enormous strain for years now . 
  no nation likes having a war right on their boarder and that leads to all kinds of problems , from military skirmishes to trade problems to refugee crisis . 
  europe is being literally pulled apart by the strain of a couple million refugees . 
  turkey has far more refugees in the country who have been there for far longer . 
  just imagine if your country had a war zone right on its boarder . 
  i would cut turkey some slack . 
  uhm ... you do realize that in comparison to europe , both china and india have fought very few wars . 
  there are some exceptions like the yellow turban rebellion of china , but , for most of their histories , from the bronze age to the present both china and india have fought very few wars in comparison to europe and the middle east . 
  religions in both regions tend to be more unified , and continuity of the state more forthright , there was also a larger population in both nations , despite this however , both geographic areas tended to have smaller more rudimentary militaries to their european counterparts which were battle hardened generation after generation . 
  if im not mistaken , nato has made that an unlikely scenario . 
  well it worked [ from the west ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mongol_invasion_of_rus%27 ), 
  you know i think so too , but i just could n't be sure.tone is so hard to get across in just text . 
  from the article  spanish authorities describe him as `` a leader who was trained in handling weapons , explosives and in military tactics . '', 
  you are aware of the soviet invasion of afghanistan in the 80s . 
  not exactly modernizing when you use migs and t72s . 
  so the the soviet invasion of afghanistan was ... 
  til : eu meetings have solved things . 
  dont get all high and mighty , you guys `` yugoslavia `` d syria/iraq when you drew a never before seen random line in the sand under sykes-picot . 
  not like this has n't been done before to the region . 
  and plenty of others fighting him . 
  i dont see a syria coming back , this is gon na be a yugoslavia . 
  if going by human history in its totality then no that distinction has fallen to many peoples over many different periods of time.a number of indian empires , a number of chinas dynasties , mongolian hordes , persian empires and successor states , roman empire , byzantium , carthage , abbasid caliphate , the united states , assyrian empire , the ottomans , the malian empires , sumerians , babylon , egyptian , ect ect . 
  have all laid claim to this title either at some point or currently . 
  the point being is there is a perpetual rise and fall . 
  the uk is net contributor to the eu project but more importantly losing greenland is one very small thing . 
  losing one of the three major powers in europe is entirely another . 
  id forgotten how the us is the master of the universe and is able to shape events to its advantage in all things , because its never my fault or , a combination of different grievances and situations coming together . 
  its the americans ,  the world was perfect until 1776 . 
  after that america is the cause of all geopolitical conflict in the world today . 
   destabilizing the region for decades . 
  toppling dictatorships and dismantling the governmental services without any shred of governmental authority/power structure to build the new system on it . 
  oh i had no idea the middle east was stable a decade ago . 
  id forgotten how stable europe left its middle eastern territories after ww2 . 
  the middle east was so stable from 1945 to 2000 . 
  they were paradises were people shit ice cream and it rained gum drops . 
  till the evil americans came and started ramming airplanes into buildings and advocting for wahhabism !, 
  im sure eastern europe will agree with this sentiment , 
  ukraine conflict being kickstarted by the us is ridiculous ukraine has been shacky since the orange revolution . 
  to be very frank , the us was pivoting to asia , we could not give two shits about ukraine much less orchestrate a coup which would not help us in any way . 
  event on the ground moved faster then the us , eu , or russia did . 
  so when shit hit the fan russia acted first , it had the most to lose from inaction . 
  this idea that ukraine was some how important to the us in anyway is a delusional european fantasy . 
  assad will never control anything more then the coasts . 
  assad is an alwite , his minority ethnic group ruled the country brutally and the majority will not accept this anymore . 
  assad can not rule all off syria even if he wants too . 
  partition is the only viable option . 
  sunnis and shia 's are now locked in conflict . 
  i think you underestimate the significance of a brexit greatly . 
  it for one sets a precedent . 
  that precedent being the a country can leave the eu . 
  federalization will die if states within the eu can simply leave by referendum . 
  was their ever anyone else to blame ? 
  yes that 's better . 
  with this my eyes only hurt . 
  the former made my eyes bleed . 
  like i said a single eu military would need a mandate , what is that mandate ? 
  the defense of europe and north america falls to nato . 
  now it is , before 2010 no . 
  three events changed this . 
  the first was the kursk incident in 2001 which was embarrassing to the russian fleet , with the economy recovering post 1991 much of that new found wealth went to rebuilding the fleets . 
  today the russian pacific fleet is the 4th largest fleet in the area , the russian arctic fleet is the largest and best equipped for its role in the arctic . 
  and the warm water fleet at murmansk and now crimea are well armed with a host of ships in both fleets . 
  the second was the last war with georgia , the russians in their first engagements proved not up to task , this changed as the russian military got new equipment and training as well as combat experience . 
  finally showing how masterfully it could pull of operations in its operations in ukraine . 
  the third is in syria where the russian airforce now has a great test facility for their latest military aircraft with little fear of major losses . 
  the russian airforce now has data to use in training and aircraft upgrades . 
  the russian military is now very well equipped and battle experienced . 
  they also have a population of 150 million people . 
  they are not to be taken lightly . 
  yes , but most of the eu is also part of nato and those forces are designed to fold into the command of the supreme allied commander of europe ( saceur ) in times of war . 
  the point being large scale alliances like nato and rio have these capabilities , and they are not single federal states it is possible to have military 's designed to come together during times of great crisis while still maintaining separate armed forces . 
  most pro-american ... eh shes no erhard . 
  as for war , no one is calling for war , but germany has to learn you cant lead the eu while you appear to be throwing eastern europe and the baltic under the russian bus . 
  nord stream 2 does n't help the matter either , securing oil supplies from russia while russia pulls a sudetenland . 
  if push comes to shove can eastern europe and the baltic trust the germans to break ties with russia if the russians escalate further . 
  the answer looks to be no so if you cant rely on the leader of europe you might as well look to the american hegemony .
