  would you like to make more generalizations about me and my code . 
  let me give it a try . 
  you write in a pompous manner , i bet you do n't comment your code , and you use holder1 and holder2 all the time . 
  edit : spelling , 
  yes but it must go in to russia 's calculations that the full force is in americas interests to bear in such a scenario . 
  the us pacific fleet may not be in a european theater but you can bet a russian invasion of nato would mean the us pacific fleet is engaged in vladivostok.the us also brings in the rest of the alliance , without the us i doubt japan , australia , canada and the rest would join , with the us there is a better chance they will openly help . 
  putin must put into his calculations that nato is on two fronts of russia.as for outspending russia im well aware europe does but even with natos forces the baltic would be taken in less then 48 hours . 
  russia does not have to win , it just has to make the price too high . 
  invading the baltic and stopping would be perfect in this regard . 
  the point being there are scenarios in which russia comes out on top . 
  i would not underestimate them , we did it in georgia and we looked silly . 
  they did it again in ukraine and now we look slow and stupid . 
  how many times does putin have to make the eu look incompetent before the eu stops saying we outspend putin therefore we win . 
  hes does far more damage to the eu with thousand cuts then one big swipe . 
  and for everyone one of those you have korea , panama , kuwait , kosovo , haiti , grenada , dominican republic . 
  yes , now why dont you guys go ahead and decide which countries are about to lose 11 shipwrights and all the jobs that come with it . 
   that 's alot of jobs , it would take an eu politician with alot of balls to go up to a dock worker and say you lost your job to defend the eu . 
  i doubt that , for the us to pull out of europe , it has to pull out of nato.if that were to occur 70 % of the alliances budget was just lost . 
  i highly doubt putin would not call a meeting , look at plans , and be full of glee . 
  the status quo just literally changed , and yes i agree , eu nations would side together but the question remains . 
  would germany declare war on russia if it invaded the baltic and just stopped ? 
  would france fire a nuke , knowing it would literally end in the complete destruction of all of france , her people and her way of life , for latvia . 
  you always here this rhetoric from western europeans who are secure . 
  i 've never on reddit seen eastern europeans spout this kind of rhetoric . 
  its very telling indeed . 
  im a programmer i get paid to write code , sorry my grammer is not up to your standards . 
  noam gets paid because people like feel-good idiots who think the super power should always pick the moral option , when 9 out of 10 times america is only left with shit options . 
  like we control the fate of the universe or something . 
  america waves its wand and shit just gets better , and noam gets to criticize for free . 
  finland takes a moral stand against a dictator and all that dictator will do is make a jerk off motion with his hand cause the consequences to him are nill . 
  america does it and all of a sudden consequences are on the table . 
  people can get deposed , people can get assassinated , regimes can topple , invasions can happen , america can do the moral thing and stop his brutally because america is the 800lb gorilla in the room . 
  but america is also expected to keep the oil flowing , the trade flowing , the un no fly zones enforced , economic sanctions enforced , keep the world reserve currency stable , keep the peace between allies and enemies alike , weigh in on whose side they are on in every little shit war in this world , and its supposed to get it right every single time . 
  noam chomsky is full of great wisdom in hindsight . 
  because that is 20/20 for everyone . 
  those two things have nothing to do with each other , one happened during the second world war the other in the post 9-11 world . 
  for every one you pick out where us intentions did not lead to a good outcome , there are times when it leads to a great outcome , like the korean landings and the panamanian invasion.i could say all sorts of things by cherry picking historical points , for instance look at america : they think dropping food during the berlin airlift were justified and then went on and obliterated the soviet union . 
  pfft , a noam chomsky article , idiots a linguist with a big mouth , not a political analyst or foreign policy expert . 
  nothing a like a good cheery picker ... 
   look at america : they think dropping the atomic bombs were justified and then went on and obliterated iraq . 
  what ? 
  how are those two things related ? 
  sounds more like western europe does not want american troops because russia is no longer a threat to them due to the bulwark that is eastern europe and because us troops now go against the narrative of a strong and capable eu which can defend all its territory . 
  while eastern europe needs american troops because of what russia has pulled in georgia and ukraine , eastern europe does not trust western europe to defend it , and for good historical reason . 
  i do not think your statement holds true for all of europe , the dragoon rides have been a great success and poland , romania , and latvia are all lobbying heavily for a nato/us base in their countries . 
  also why would there be permanent european troops in the us ? 
  we are the super power , we have two oceans , and we boarder two allies ? 
  your just cross that we are over there and have been for the last 80 years , well unfortunately for you , your neck of the woods is insecure . 
  north africa is a mess , russia is threatening half its neighbors and syria is war zone . 
  the mediterranean as a whole is a grave yard . 
  the reality is the old world is much less secure then the new , to put troops in the us or canada is a waste of alliance resources . 
  besides your flag is of montenegro , how can you say we are not needed when not 20 years ago we were fighting in yugoslavia ? 
  the last time we told the world to go `` fuck off '' and do its own thing it invented communism and fascism and started 2 world wars , which we got sucked into anyway . 
  no , better to keep our stuff over in the old world and make sure everyone `` plays nice '' . 
  i am okay with this , a transatlantic free trade block , which goes no farther then that , is always welcome . 
  the atlantic block with the americas , iberia , and the british isles at its core would be a boon to atlantic trade . 
  with possible expansion of west africa and the maghreb . 
   but it is an unequal partnership and europe does not need you in europe . 
  if we could only have partnerships with equal partners we would literally have no partners . 
  the second statement however is untrue . 
  most of eastern europe wants more us commitment to europe . 
  you do realize most of the us bases in europe are in germany and italy . 
  id have to refer to the post war treaties to really say if germany or italy even have the right to demand us troops off their soil . 
  i know the uk has that right , although that would be foolish to exercise it . 
  as for european troops in the us , they are indeed here for training . 
  if the us backed out it would mean far graver consequences . 
  the entire hegemonic system relies on the idea that the us will support those nations with which the us is major allies . 
  backing out of nato would send signals to china to start taking everything in the south china sea . 
  the arabian peninsula and the persian nations would be in overt rather then covert war . 
  plus russia would still have its free hand in invading more of europe , it would also be the greatest opportunity to take land in europe for russia . 
  the largest member of the alliance by far who makes an excess of 70 % of the alliances military resources just backed out . 
  europe would be missing major gaps in its capacity.without the americans there is no longer the guarantee of air superiority , the tank numbers would even out , there would be a huge loss in intelligence gathering , electronic warfare , battle damage assessments , most of the leadership in nato would be gone , gaps in maintenance and repair , loss of the us strategic reserves which most of europe relies on for ammunition.it would be a grand time to strike indeed . 
  if i were putin this would be the greatest possible outcome , europe would be in a position of utter weakness from the chaos that would ensue . 
  actually that was the reason . 
  the us prime demand after the war was decolonization and self rule for all occupied territories.the us demanded these territories and all the former european empires to leave their occupied territories immediately and end the entire imperial system . 
  in turn the us was also going to leave its colonies and all the territories it had technically acquired under the war . 
  by the old imperial system the us could have very easily continued to occupy france and her colonies , west germany and the all the former german colonies , italy and her colonies , japan and her colonies , every island in the pacific , all of north africa , half of china , and most of the middle east . 
  the us dismantled that system and replaced it with the us hegemonic-alliance system we live in today , with the un , world bank and imf at its core . 
  the ussr , not being as powerful as the us , had to oppose this as the ussr had no overseas capacity , they instead choose to continue the imperial system and in so doing took half of europe as their war prize . 
  the us and ussr were also only allies of convenience neither one trusted the other and both had the goal of spreading their form of government and economics . 
  relations between the two were terrible after the fall of the romanov 's . 
  conflict was going to happen , the only thing was the fascists were a much greater concern for both . 
  us fought germany in ww1 and ww2 and despite it all japanese-americans were never ashamed of being japanese . 
  they learned english and japanese , you can find japanese-americans with last names like takada , yamamouri , and yamamoto . 
  there however was a stigma to being german . 
  to the point where parents stopped teaching their kids german and german last names were changed . 
  schmidts become smiths and so on . 
  yes germany for a long time was demonized in a way that japan was n't . 
  japan was feared but its people were oddly understood by the americans and japanese american ties were around for a long time and were good for most of our histories . 
  that and the ussr invaded half of europe with germany till the ussr was betrayed.the ussr invaded the baltic , finland , and the slvic south . 
  remember , poland was invaded on two sides . 
  not our fault if you guys designed your boarders wrong . 
  but then again when is the last time a bunch of europeans drew lines on a map and it did n't end in total chaos . 
  actually alot of you showed up for both those wars ... hell the french were the ones that started vietnam !, 
  under eu law yes , but the uk just voted out of the eu . 
  it would not take much for uk bureaucrats to call their us cousins , which im sure their on a first name basis with , and start spit balling scenarios and trade talk . 
  it would be foolish of the uk to not have feelers out by now , testing the waters . 
  that depends on the reality . 
  under the current status quo its fine for canada , annoying for the us . 
  but if the status quo changes , and the definition of a crisis is the changing status quo , then canada like all the other small countries in the world must weather the storm .
