  i do love a good fishing trip  especially when the catch does so much work . 
  did n't top gear go local everywhere , im fairly sure there was a australia , germany , ect . 
  did n't they all suck . 
  whats with berlin and always cracking down on fun new ideas from tech ... its like there a bunch of _________ . 
  we know what you filled in there  racist . 
   but if you want to continue being a cunt , have fun . 
  oh i very much have been . 
  you want to keep going down this rabbit hole , im having a great time increasing your blood pressure . 
  if i answer this ill look like a nationalist jackass , but if i dont it will be portrayed as nothing . 
  but im american so im gon na double-down mofo !!!!, 
  1 ) educational institution and university system . 
  2 ) high tech companies and innovation . 
  3 ) integration and cultural assimilation . 
  4 ) globalism and global cultural transference . 
  4a ) tv ... man your guys tv is just our tv with bad dubs . 
  make some damn shit already america can only make so many things to amuse me . 
  5 ) road satisfaction !, 
  hahahhaahahhaahahaha, 
  can confirm my shitty village is called chicago it holds nothing to amsterdam that alpha city of the globe . 
  whats a skyscraper ? 
  does green light mean go ? 
  so many question i have for the great capital that is rotterdam , 
  ... so the 8 or so cars that drive on that road per year . 
  who do you think lives out there the population on a cattle ranch ? ... 4 to 6 . 
   and your roads do n't come close to our roads . 
  rigth at thsi point in the dick measureing contest i would make fun of your country , but i dont know who you are ... which irrelevant country are you again ? 
  all your flags look the same and you dont produce anything of note so who are you so i can make fun of you . 
   your making this to enjoyable my friend . 
  all you did was link a list of global competitiveness index ... which we apparently rock in so good job . 
  but once again , why so angry , you sound like your about to have a prolapse because people are happy with a road you have never driven on ? 
  obvious since you call everything in alabama a village , lol . 
  chill out man !, 
  and if were going by state of elections well yours are certainly getting ... wilders !, 
  so your answer to too many people in the country is to move to another country ... that does n't really change the sardine can metaphor when you up and move to a new sardine can lol . 
  la is like 4 million people in the city , and it is of course bigger then amsterdam or rotterdam . 
  but were talking about the entire country , not a major city where people are always on top of each other.if you get sick of la living , move 20 miles . 
  not really an option in the netherlands is the point . 
  oh no the secret nestle secret police took him ... black bagged and dead . 
  we will always remember you [ u/thomanou ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/thomanou ), 
  by area man , but damn if thats its population the netherlands is packed tighter then a sardine can . 
  ohhh ... is someone mad that europe ca n't into internets . 
  thats cute . 
  but im gon na doubt one has much to do with other given given how long the bank investigation has been going on and that duetsh bank still cant pass a stress a test required by us regulators . 
  i think they might need to get their house in order . 
   i 'm gon na need some data for world wide known things ? 
  uhmmm ... you do know preconceptions and anecdotes are not how science works . 
  wow your really angry over this website , im sorry their methodology does not conform to your preconceived notions i hope this helps . 
  [ for you ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/8vxzdgm ) , 
  nestle :16 billion ... but lets be honest they deserve it . 
  well , how leveraged were they in the whole toxic assets scandal . 
  if they were highly leveraged then they were in on it more then most ... well they get a fine as big as the big boys . 
  til : places like macon , ga and toledo , oh are now cities lol . 
  yah your gon na need some data on that . 
  i 've lived in the south , the roads were as smooth as silk and there is nothing like being the first car in spring when the pollen leaves a yellow dust on the road , revealing them as you go across the picturesque appalachians . 
  ahhh what great drives . 
  not according to this , 
  had to look it up , damn the netherlands is small , if it joined the us it would be 10th smallest state in the union . 
  its not about the responsibility or who did what or how , its a matter of the 2 % rule . 
  if nations stuck to 2 % of gdp then you would not see the `` free rider '' problem we see in nato . 
  libya showed us that there is clearly a gap , and with most allies spending 1 % it makes sense . 
  nato is supposed to be collective defense if people arent pulling their weight and this is clear then you get these lopsided alliances . 
  the extra funding the over reliance on a single ally would end . 
  that is the overarching point of the thread . 
  my point is dropping bombs means diddly shit if all your planes run out of fuel over the mediterranean . 
  thats not a minor role that 's a very big role . 
  without it your limited to your carrier group and those flew less then 20 % of the missions . 
  so 80 % of the missions flown required atleast 2 us flights . 
  one to refuel , one to assess the damage of the mission . 
  not to mention a previous flight to id the target . 
  as the image i linked to shows , for a country which was supposed to play a minor role , it supplied the most men , ships , planes , bombs , and cruise missiles . 
  the us also flew the most combat sorties less then we are usually required too , 1/3 of all combat sorties . 
  but way more then a minor role . 
  thats the problem . 
  our minor role is not minor . 
  agreed , but right now its easy for people like trump to make the argument that america has to carry the rest of the alliance , since it quite honestly does . 
  2 % for everyone sounds fair and if everyone pays no one feels cheated.its not an alliance if everyone isnt meeting its obligations . 
  most fighters jets cant get from sigonella to libya , loiter for 2 hours , and then return to sigonella without air-to-air refueling , and sigonella is the closest base we have , most sorties were launched from further out bases . 
  except for the aircraft launched from the carrier group , almost all allied aircraft needed air to air refueling . 
  also , flying all reconnaissance , bda , and uav flights is not a minor role . 
  at least not the kind of minor role we were thinking , we still had too supply the largest part of the ships , aircraft , and men . 
  you guys dropped the bombs but it takes alot more then just fighters to actually know what going on and if the strikes are effective or not . 
  but will that take resources from nato ? 
  an eu army is a layer of military above the national forces . 
  no one has the balls to propose let alone dismantle all european national militarizes to form this new arm so it has be spending on top of current spending . 
  if individual nations wont fund their national forces to 2 % what makes you think they will throw in the extra cash on top layer they do n't have total control over ? 
  france and the uk lead the coalition . 
  but could france and uk sustain the air campaign without us resources . 
  thats what the article calls into question . 
  even we live in a safe part of the world but it seems wrong to think less of military service members . 
  they are doing work that the country needs but are sacrificing pay to do it . 
  a surgeon , airplane mechanic , even a simple grunt . 
  would make more outside then in . 
  but , they gain prestige for it instead . 
  difference of history and perspective i suppose . 
  russians not so many , but this ignores the history of the us putting thousands of troops , and billions of dollars to defend europe when it was at its weakest . 
  the americans drew the line in the sand that was never crossed . 
  could europe from 1945-1990 really have defeated soviet aggression without the us to support it ? 
  i think most agree the answer is no . 
  the russians even tested us resolve during the berlin airlift , if the us had said `` fuck it '' stalin would have taken west berlin and moved on to the rest of europe . 
  also yugoslavia , your war , your europeans , our problem .
