  need i say more after the royal fuck that was srebrenica . 
  regardless you guys were the ones who insisted on article 5 , mutual defense/attack on one is an attack on all , in the washington treaty . 
  you mean the bearing strait , a land so inhospitable that the only towns there is nome , alaska with 3000 people and lavrentiya with 1 thousand people , aside from the eskimo villages . 
  our border with russia is beyond secure . 
  by the very nature of the region and the fact that in order to do any actual damage the russians would have to pass through alaska , fight through canada and only then could they hit america directly . 
  even russia acknowledges this , aside from the siberia corp the russian military there is puny compared to its forces in europe . 
  once again our interests are keeping a stable europe but that can only go so far . 
  if the eu wants to take over and spend the money in keeping europe safe let em . 
  but i doubt it . 
  not all the work ... but you guys running out of ammo and having no bunker busters was piss poor planning and does not boad well for , europe leading military interventions without the us . 
  ehhh we wanted to play a minor role , the gaps that needed to be filled were not within european capability . 
  libya was fairer then most distribution of labor , but by no means did the us get to play the minor role it wanted too . 
  the fact that the us had to be in control of the initial operation until air superiority was established was problematic for the us politically . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/15/world/africa/nato-sees-flaws-in-air-campaign-against-qaddafi.html?mtrref=www.google.com&amp;gwh=ae71b44075da722dfbae51ffea7cb210&amp;gwt=pay https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_odyssey_dawn, 
  its a two way street . 
  for instance when choosing the rounds for nato standardization we got our way with the 7.62-large and 5.56-medium rounds being chosen as nato standard and europe got its way with the 9mm-small rounds . 
  ehhh kinda to not really http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/15/world/africa/nato-sees-flaws-in-air-campaign-against-qaddafi.html?mtrref=www.google.com&amp;gwh=ae71b44075da722dfbae51ffea7cb210&amp;gwt=pay, 
  for clarification trump said this in the context of europe not paying its fair share , which it isnt . 
  unless your in the uk , greece , poland or estonia the rest of y' all look like a bunch of whiny moochers . 
  western europe doesnt want to pay because it now has eastern europe as a buffer state and would rather trade them then defend them ... again . 
  eastern europe is finally ramping up and getting the message that the us expects you to pull your fair share in the alliance but its still not there . 
  it needs to get to 2 % faster then the speed of slow the reason we have to spend 3.3 % is because our european allies , canada , and japan have huge military gaps and we have to fill them . 
  france is the most capable military in the eu now . 
  and in libya it was a joke , it had no bdu flights , no electronic warfare flights , it ran out of bombs in a week , no drones , no multinational coordination ships in the fleet . 
  the us had to send uss mount whitney to take command of the multinational fleet because there is no multinational command ship in any of your fleets , 24 official languages and not one command and control ship among you , wtf !, 
  had no bunker busters at all , it had to buy from isreal and the us on short order . 
  this is by far and away the most capable force you guys got and it was still short by a mile . 
  small nations cant do all these things , but together we can . 
  if we all pull our weight then its truly an alliance and not the us and the tag alongs . 
  but why ? 
  if threats by china become so sever that australia needs to fold into something larger , i would think they would join the us as 6 states and 10 territories . 
  i mean it takes years to build a fleet , and with no direct line to europe is fairly isolated compared to the us which has every island from there to the us coast under its control . 
  with a very large pacific fleet to boot . 
  because natos role in north america is ... ? 
  indeed the cost to profits say as such . 
  almost no profit from a multi-billion dollar project which will never recoup its loss and you already have technical access through us gps . 
  that sounds like a military and political decision to me . 
  disintegration from us capability . 
  european integration is fine and dandy , but a european army outside of nato has only one purpose . 
  obama has to say `` yes , good job '' but i highly doubt there isnt an adviser or two who has n't heard from his european counter part about how an eu army will mean the eventual end of nato . 
  its openly talked about on this site and many others . 
  its not like no one is paying attention to such talk . 
  np my thought process was unless the eu really steps up its game its tier 1 : us , china , russia tier 2 : eu , india , japan, 
  im gon na doubt that . 
  the larger the eu army gets the more the us and uk will be seen as unneeded by eu citizens . 
  its no secret that many europeans , especially western europeans , are unhappy that the us is in europe and has the kind of influence it does on the continent , and many of them believe that by having a common eu army they could kick the us out . 
  in turn this will bring the uk and us closer together , but i cant see an eu army really helping us-eu relations . 
  also a pacific fleet is not in the cards . 
  the only country with anything left out there is france , and i highly doubt the germans will put up money for a pacific fleet which is of little strategic value in defending europe . 
  yah , the eu army will be bigger then the uk but compared to the us im gon na call it second rate . 
  unless the eu pulls a china or russia post georgia . 
  im gon na put them in the second tier . 
  doubtful , where does the eu mission end and nato 's mission begin . 
  an eu army would eventually wish to supplant the us as the leading military force in europe . 
  the us will lose influence eventually someone is going to ask the question , `` we spend so much on european defense , we are losing our influence on the region , and quiet frankly all nato problems are really european problems , north america is secure . 
  so why are here ? '', 
  yah im gon na say we side with the uk on that one , we hold the special relationship in very high regard as does the rest of the anglosphere . 
  we are culturally , militarily , and linguistically closer to them then the germans or the french . 
  also anything that happens from here on is going to be an obvious case of bullying , small vs large , david v goliath . 
  if the eu uses its army or economy in some provocative way against the uk then its an easy propaganda sell for the bbc to the american public . 
  something neither dw or french24 can do . 
  there is no way the eu can pull anything against without looking homogeneous , imperialistic , fortress europa like . 
  the rest of the world has fought two world wars and a napoleonic war because someone wanted a single europe , the rest of the world is uneasy with the concept . 
  if anything our eu relationship will look more like our chinese/japanese relationship . 
  tense and measured with lots of trade , but never will there be the same level of trust again . 
  lets be clear here its not like the us isnt getting the hint with the eu army and eu economic trade policy . 
  the eu can tie a bow around it but eventually the eu army will want to supplant nato as the `` defender of europe '' . 
  the uk was our eu advocate , they made sure any talk of an eu brigade or military integration was a nato need not an eu need . 
  the more established an eu army is the more eu generals will question the need for north america . 
  id rather work with the reliable , long standing ally , that isnt trying to push us out militarily and economically . 
  and lets be honest , the british have lasted for hundreds of years , the eu started after ww2 , and already there is talk of never ending crisis , and total break up . 
  if i were a betting man and someone said which of the two will be there in 20 years , well that bet is fairly obvious . 
  if anything it might be a boon for us , although ive been for anglo integration for quiet some time . 
  the british survived napoleon 's fortress europa and the nazi conquests . 
  i highly doubt the uk will be afraid of second-rate , friendly army sitting across the channel . 
   the posters on here are no different to chinese wumaos or russian troll houses . 
  i call them junckers youth . 
  i knew the chinese and russians do this sort of thing but i didnt know it was named and wiki 'd on . 
  yo what are americans who do it called ? 
  edit : the wiki articles - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/50_cent_party https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_brigades https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trolls_from_olgino, 
  the ends do sometimes justify the means . 
  google plus is a ghost town , they will take what they can get , its facebook who wont sign up . 
  why would they , they have everything to lose and nothing to gain . 
  besides what are the countries of the world gon na do ? 
  force them to adopt a standard , they are the standard , if you want facebook data they have a rest service you can access through their web services . 
  everyone must conform to their standard already . 
  once again all of this was done by an overworked mod who has less then 30 seconds to push one of three buttons as the article states , allow , deny , escalate . 
  i doubt they looked at who posted it , and when , or even why , there is not enough time and 1.71 billion active users worth of content to check . 
  how many people really know who the pm of norway is , unless you live close to them its not really common knowledge in the us , which is where most of the mods probably live , its like asking a pole `` who is pe\u00f1a nieto . '', 
   us is still a very backwards country when it comes to religion compared to western europe . 
  america , so backward it runs the internet ... wait, 
  no company is going to sign up for it , why would facebook , twitter , snap-chat and the like risk their market dominance for a pittance of users from inferior social media platforms with no user bases . 
   google hangouts whats it like being in the loneliest corner of the google empire ? 
  its a matter of an overwhelming amount of content . 
  as the article stated , how long does a mod really get to look at any one thing . 
  most of it is automated , that which is n't is looked at by a human for 30 seconds . 
  any media with that much content over this many people is going to have social faux pas . 
  thats the nature of the beast . 
  but by highly defining and regulating the industry you are not allowing it to evolve . 
  if you define social media into a little box then how do you expect out of the box products ?
