  we held up our end you moved the goal post to try and fit five countries that do n't meet our criteria , i 'm willing to lose visa free travel to the eu and so is the majority of my country , i doubt the germans are willing to give up visa free travel in the largest economy in the world for romanians . 
  if europe forces it so be it , but unless there is one eu we will act upon you separately as you act upon us in the same manner, 
  ... but your not one country in one box . 
  there is no alabama passport , no texas foreign policy , you do n't sell weapons to florida , wyoming does n't have an embassy , oregon has no ambassador , california does n't have a vote in the un , no extradition treaty for new york to eu , you do n't hold military exercises with kansas , and the first safe place to apply for asylum is n't called arizona . 
  inside your box you can claim your all equal , outside the box each marble interacts with us in very different ways . 
  we ca n't have one policy towards you while you have 28 policies towards us . 
  your not the same !, 
  if you want to be then get rid of all these things and then come back . 
  till then i 'd rather have no visa free travel to all of europe then be blackmailed by false equivalents . 
  rather risk the loss of visa free travel to the eu then loose such sovereignty , and i 'm willing to bet so are the germans , french , and italians who currently have the privilege . 
  are they willing to lose visa free travel for romanians . 
  i doubt if they are , then so be it . 
  it matters but it 's only one part of the equation . 
  in order to win a us election you must win a mathematical calculation based on popular vote and spread of that vote across the country , done by weighting states . 
  you must win a combination of the popular vote and the most states . 
  your exagerated numbers aside.it mathematically weighs states . 
  originally as a method to get small states to join the union . 
  they did n't want to join if virginia 's and new york 's get all the say due to size . 
  you win by combination of the two , the popular vote and the spread of that vote . 
  for instance , in the latest election , trump lost the popular vote by 2 % but won 30 states to clinton 's 20 . 
  that can not be ignored . 
  it 's mathematically the most fair system for a large federal system of variably sized states with very different intrests . 
  this is the height of bullshit , one university in uk has a sissy fit . 
  `` i blame america '' becomes the offical consensus in r/europe ... wtf . 
  we said sorry ... shit even the japanese let the bombings go ... , 
  you must woo the british ... woo, 
  buildings that still exist , functionally . 
  there are of course older buildings , as there are cities much older then this . 
  many of the structures in mohenjo-daro , are older but they are no longer functional . 
  just about any archeological site in the areas of around ancient sumeria , the indus valley , or yangtze river would be older structures , but none of them can function as buildings . 
  this is actually a lesson in climate archeology really . 
  as its hard for structures to stand in those very old civilizations as they tended to be hotter , moister climates and being river valley civilizations which are next to rivers that bend and change shape over the centuries sometimes engulfing them . 
  this is why older structures that are still functional are found on high ground , away from the coast in dryer , temperate climates like europe , high desserts of the middle east , or north africa . 
  your own example from turkey fits this problem . 
  though it 's older turkey heights create wind sheer , and the turkish medditerranian rains do no favors to standing structures . 
  what 's this odd disdain germans have for japanese cars and japanese have for german cars ? 
  it 's not the first time i 've heard people from both nations diss each other 's big export . 
  i like the electoral college , it makes sense to get the spread of the vote as well as the popular vote . 
  better to keep the last two jews under lock and key then have a headline read : taliban executes last jews of afghanistan . 
  i suppose . 
  stop consuming our garbage culture then , for a people who claim glory only belongs to you , it sure is odd no one is clamouring to see the latest french film or play call of duty : german wermacht edition . 
  we already got that ... what else you got , way i figure if your throwing out the old country to country visa rule book we have all used for the last half century in favor of the supernational one then you ca n't just threaten us with loss of visa restrictions and call it even . 
  you get 5 countries with visa free travel , what do we get ? 
  if the eu was one nation with one ambasaador , embassy , foreign policy then sure . 
  if not it 's a matter of country to country where the us is concerned , so the eu wants us to add 5 countries to visa free travel ... fine what do we get in return ? 
  probably , you ca n't have 28 embassies , with 28 different policies on the rules and behaviors of your nationals in another nation and then have a reasonable expectation of having only one visa policy.romania and the netherlands nationals in the us should abide by a single embassy rules on everything from criminal extradition to foreign national marital rights . 
  if your so keen streamline it all down to one and then talk . 
  the eu is being unrealistic here , it wants to be a single federation when a passport is concerned but it wont have a single foreign policy ? 
  if you want this privilege then start by creating a single eu passport , eu embassy , ect . 
  if you want to have a single policy towards your nationals then stop having 28 countries , running 28 embassies with 28 different policies towards our nationals . 
  hey buddy the day the belgians conquer westward with a ten gallon hat and a peacemaker is the day they can call themselves og cowboy ... it will also be a day filled with confused frenchmen and even more confused french cattle . 
  christopher lee can christopher lee , but only john wayne can conquer the west as john wayne ... partner, 
  why is luxembourg getting money ? 
  are n't they a wealthy forgotten little kingdom ? 
  why are they not net contributors ? 
  so is this thing owned by microsoft ? 
  i thought they bought the whole division ? 
  well that depends you can still be a democracy not be a very liberal country right . 
  not all democracies are liberal or full democracies . 
  take iran , it has elections but the nominees must be vetted by the ayatollah and his islamic council . 
  not a full democracy , not a liberal democracy , but democracy must be part of the full description ... conservative theocratic-democracy, 
  there is a very big difference between the power of the us and china vs the eu/eurozone/efta . 
  the former are countries were law is enforced nationwide , the later is an economic block were all you have to do is fill the lowest common denominator at a point of entry , then you have total access to the common market . 
  the us cares little about the economic block itself.the free trade and flow of services works well , though it does not function as a single economy by any means . 
  its when the economic block tries to be a political block then the eu becomes an incoherent cacophony . 
  it tries to do the things countries do then does nothing becuase no concensus can be reached . 
  the euro without a single fiscal policy is clearly causing more harm then good as are other policies where it moves away from pure economics and into the realm of politics or social policy . 
  if the eu became a single entity it would solve alot of problems , if it broke up it would solve those same problems but in a different way . 
  it 's this odd middle ground , single currency and monetary policy with no single fiscal policy , a foreign policy with no teeth , an open border but no single foreign border control mechanism , ect . 
  that creates these frustrations which are solved easily by nations be they big or small . 
  there is big `` european nationalism '' streek on this sub and if europe wants to be a super power then you must compare yourself to the current superpower , its a vary similar vein in r/china, 
  one european nation then does not undermine the collective whole , the eu is functionally useless policy wise as the united arm of europe if nations can follow 28 foreign policies . 
  in the past european nations formed a collective block with the us and any outliers were just that outliers . 
  now the us stands with an eu that does n't even stand with itself . 
  okay this is definitely me and my american sensibilities here but i think this law will only harm french interests with little to gain . 
  french corporations are now liable in a way that no other countries corporations are . 
  i would be extremely hesitant to expand a french corporation outside anywhere but the 1st world given this laws breath and scope . 
  putin is erect with interest ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  its not universal , the us having it or not is not the all encompassing litmus test of whether or not all should have it and large countries generally are slower to adopt radical changes in social policy . 
  besides germany and italy there is also a lack of such rights in south korea or japan . 
  both of which are also first world nations . 
  what a different attitude . 
  over here if things are going good then it seems like the best time to fight social fights . 
  when unemployment went below 5 % we started fighting less about the economy and more on which bathroom transgender people could use lol . 
  separate but equal has never worked or been equal no matter what context its been used in . 
  the spartly 's are about democratic values in that it is an authoritarian governement challenging democratic governments , taking territory and breaking a norm on numerous occasions . 
  when tibet was invaded by china we all shut up and thought it was a one time occurrence in the 70s now they are taking land again and it ca n't be ignored . 
  china can not keep taking land from its neighbors every 40 years . 
  we do n't want a war just a line in the sand . 
  i am surprised regarding your comments as your own government has been very active in trying to enforce phillipinese territorial integrity . 
  we 're not here to blow up the south china sea , we do n't want to see the end of open seas , and an open war between rok , japan , the phillipines , taiwan ect with china over a bunch of islands . 
  but we ca n't simply let them have it.its not there and it only invites to make more such claims . 
  the us already has bilateral free trade with all its major allies , like the ttip with europe it was never going to change trade all that much . 
  the tpp would add some countries and change some rules but free trade between these countries and the us has been in place for decades . 
  and yes , the us pacific allies do n't have a single umbrella like nato but they also have never had to deal with a single common belligerent befor either . 
  every country in the south pacific has claims to those islands , all of which are claimed by china . 
  the stronger china gets the more weary everyone is becoming . 
  already you see the indians training with australia and the us for the first time . 
  japan and rok now training together in fleet actions , something which was unthinkable not 10 years ago . 
  if china keeps this up a formal alliance is only a matter of time espcially since it allows all those countries to patrol together , they do n't have territorial claims over lap due to the un 200 nautical mile zone treaty , and they all could then back each other 's claims as a single block , and they would then have the single largest navy in the world protecting those claims .
