  greek civilization in general was started around ~ 800 bc . 
  you do realize the soviet union from 1941-1945 is listed on there ? 
  as well as south korea , argentina , and the republic of china under chiang kai-shek . 
  this is more of a list of who has america needed to align with because they control the country in question and america 's interests align with authoritarian governments . 
  if america did n't work with these regimes it would actually be a more chaotic world . 
  i shudder to think of what would happen if the americans stopped helping prop up the house of saud or pakistan or morocco . 
  i did n't know id have to give up turning right on red for bicycles ... keep the bikes then . 
  yes this is very true there is no `` rule '' set as there is for the supreme allied commander of europe . 
  which i feel is the best solution as the secretary-general can be seen in a more diplomatic then military light . 
  making it far easier for russia to meet with a european diplomat then an american one . 
  edit : now that i think about it that means canada is mostly locked out of positions of importance in the alliance save deputy commander of allied forces in europe ... i think the next secretary general should be canadian . 
  the only real challenger is china and kinda russia ... and our allies hate them way more . 
  people dislike america and her policies . 
  people fear china and russia due to annexation . 
  i think americas place is assured for quiet some time . 
  it is a reserved position , by default the position is for the largest contributing member to the alliance . 
  in practice , this means an american has held the position of supreme allied commander of europe since eisenhower . 
  this however is n't always a bad thing , when it comes to command and control of multinational forces the american military tends to have the most experience . 
  most supreme allied commanders of europe tend to come from other large scale multinational force alliance . 
  these include the american 7th fleet joint command ( american , japanese ) . 
  us/united nations korea command ( un , though mostly us and korean forces ) . 
  anzus ( us , australia , new zeland ) , or norad ( us , canada , mexico ) . 
  likewise the supreme allied commander of europe often takes on one these position if he does not retire or go on to the joint chiefs of staff . 
  this creates a sort of revolving door of experienced multinational commanders . 
  the new guy apparently comes from the korean command . 
  yes , but they give very little detail on this , it was skimpy but i assume they use federal average for the nation as a whole ignoring regional variation entirely . 
  as for healthcare costs they are included in the numbers by the methodology so these numbers already have healthcare costs baked into them and accounted for by purchasing power parity , you can question how they added those costs but the final numbers already account for this for ireland the us and everyone else . 
  these numbers use the above methodology with their own subsection on healthcare costs : http://www.oecd.org/std/prices-ppp/8-3012041ec010.pdf, 
  yes , it has an element of national perception which will be lost on a foreign paper . 
  as dw can give a piece of the german perspective on issues so too can the daily mail give a piece of the uks perspective on an issue . 
  german opinion matters little in regards to us-uk relations . 
  no he has a better handle on his countries perception and national feelings then an outsider . 
  its like a us paper discussing german-polish relations , its from an outsiders perspective , it matters little to the actual relationship . 
  actually france has missed the 2 % target for years , like since the early 2000s , and last year the uk spent less then 2 % as well , this year they will also spend the 2 % . 
  the only allies to consistently hit the 2 % mark are greece and poland . 
  edit : fine here is stats http://www.defenseone.com/politics/2015/06/nato-members-defense-spending-two-charts/116008/, 
   my point really is that europe collectively spent more than the us did . 
  yes but the problem is the comparison of operational sorties without us involvement was extremely low considering this was supposed to be a european lead campaign . 
  money does not have much to do with operational dependence on a single ally . 
  a great many mistakes were made on this one . 
  indeed this was suppsed to be the return to full spectrum politics which europe had lost since the end of wwii/suez crisis . 
  it did not go very well in that regards . 
  they too are accounted for as well : http://www.oecd.org/std/prices-ppp/13-3012041ec015.pdf, 
  but these are oecd numbers they are already adjusted for healthcare . 
  the reason i bring it up is because there is a large difference between federal minimum wage and actual minimum wage per us persons by ppp , which is what we are trying to measure here . 
  the us population is highly concentrated in only certain states . 
  this is very different from europe or japan which is much more densely populated in its totality . 
  the us in terms of population looks more like china or russia large amount of land , mostly unsettled.for example , 21/50 states do not account for even 1 % of the us population by state , those 21 states actually account for 11.41 % of the population while the top 5 states by population account 39 % of the us population . 
  of which texas is the only one of those states which is at the federal minimum wage , its also the cheapest . 
  the point being i wonder if the methodology accounts for this or not , its an interesting question.these are eurostat/oecd numbers so i assume they follow the methodology below : http://www.oecd.org/std/prices-ppp/eurostat-oecdmethodologicalmanualonpurchasingpowerparitiesppps.htm i have not read it completely so i ws wondering if any knows . 
  really they only way to do this with truly accurate numbers is to breakdown all these places into similar size and population chunks and then get the numbers . 
  using the us as a stand in with no regional variation accounted for is not particularly good for comparing actaul ppp , okay for countries as an average of their average . 
  but comparing 318 million people as one group and 20-5 million people as another group comes with a great many pitfalls . 
  these are eurostat-oecd numbers so they include both healthcare costs and rent . 
  they even go so far as to estimate black market items , ie prostitution , drugs , ect . 
  here is what goes into the [ calculations ] ( http://www.oecd.org/std/prices-ppp/13-3012041ec015.pdf ) this link will answer any and all question regarding methodology : http://www.oecd.org/std/prices-ppp/eurostat-oecdmethodologicalmanualonpurchasingpowerparitiesppps.htm healthcare in economic terms is very complicated it gets its own subsection . 
  is this adjusted by state though ? 
  most states have higher minimum wages then the federal governments minimum . 
  no anger merely my opinion which is ,  ... i think not if this were a uk or us paper i would be more worried , it could have been italian , indian , or a japanese paper and the point is the same . 
  they are not part of the relationship , their opinion on the issue matters little to the relationship . 
  france is not the uk and in retrospect it was the right move . 
  if it was up to de gaulle and france , germany would have remained partitioned occupied territory . 
  that would have been tragic as the germany of today is much better for the americans standing their ground on this one . 
  i dont even think the french would argue this point . 
  leave it too a german newspaper to tell us how our relationship is with the uk . 
  i trust the british far more then i trust the rest of europe . 
  it would take alot more then a period of relative peace and a spat or two to change that . 
  a german newspaper declaring the us-uk special relationship is turning cold ... i think not germany . 
  there is only one foreign country in the world to ever be allowed to test their nuclear arsenal on american soil , there is only one foreign country in the world whose company 's are allowed to become `` tier 1 '' contractors for the us military and nasa . 
  there is only one nation in the world which has enough influence on america to make america side with her over another ally ( the falklands war ) , ect ect . 
  the special relationship is dead ... i think not . 
  stalingrad ended in feb 1943 and kursk was in july 1943 , both were major turning point in the war but the pressure on the soviets was great . 
  one of the main points of opening the atlantic side of the north africa front so quickly was to relieve the soviets on the eastern front , operation torch began in nov 1942 . 
  once axis forces were completely pushed out of the front the next goal was the invasion of italy in july 1943 . 
  its objectives , along with the western front in 1944 was to split german forces in 3 directions . 
  my hypothesis is that without the north african , italian , western front , and the massive air campaign , the germans would have had much greater reserves , their generalship would not be split between the fronts , more of their manufacturing base would be in tact , and their resources , especially oil would not be split among the fronts . 
  with all axis forces concentrated on one front i dont think soviet forces could have pushed their way into eastern europe . 
  i would have probably ended in stalemate somewhere just inside the soviet boarders . 
  ehhh , kind of a wash really . 
  it might not be in our interests for germany to control all of europe , but , it wasnt in our interest to go to war with said power either . 
  as for domination of europe , we weathered such storms before when napoleon took the continent and there was no way in hell hitler was going to win in russia so thats a wash , without the americans helping open up the other fronts it would have probably been a stalemate between russia and germany . 
  if it were n't for hitlers declaration of war , we might have just fought japan . 
  the american public was not to keen on getting into another european war.the american public felt much more at war with japan then with germany . 
  usa smells of freedom my friend !, 
  yes but this has very little to do with whether or not muhammad was an outlier or the norm . 
  good or evil . 
  all im saying is attacking muhammad for what is considered normal for the time period , doesnt take into account that society changes and evolves . 
  we stand on the shoulders of giants as the old saying goes.we did not simply arrive at our current moral compass today by happenstance . 
  i would consider 12 to be the same as 9 , from a sexual perspective . 
  neither is acceptable by today 's standards . 
  not so much defending as saying we are applying the morals of today to yesteryear , to demonize people for acting a way which was in accordance to the time period they lived in is n't helpful . 
  morality is not fixed it is changing . 
  at different points in time the practice of slavery , imperialism , ethnic genocide , and colonization were all morally acceptable , indeed they were considered `` civilized '' . 
  today these things are considered aberrant . 
  its not so much putting people in boxes of good or evil as understanding that as times change so does the morality of humanity . 
   if you have a chancellor who calls the internet `` neuland '' ( new territory ) germans ... always with the territory , when is not about lebensraum with you guys  edit : what no one can take a joke ... germans not a funny bone in their body , 
  can confirm im a bit irish ... though 1/32 is alittle high , maby one of my parents was that much irish . 
  i think we need to remember we are talking about 600s ad here . 
  we talk about muhammed as a pedophile , but , it was not uncommon at the time . 
  in fact the age of consent for european aristocracy to consummate a marriage was 12 years old well into the renaissance era ... royal families around europe would have many a pedophile ancestor by today 's standards .
