  the uk would gain alot of favorable terms in a direct free trade agreement with the us then if they did it with the rest of eu , just food for thought . 
  a. manning was under the uniformed code of military justice , not civilian courts the laws and procedures are different for him then for julian assange and edward snowden . 
  it would incredibly idiotic to think either of them would go to guantanamo , for one the prison itself is on its last leg , and it would be the dumbest pr move to make . 
  on top of that they are citizens of a nation , most of the guantanamo bay detainees were declared stateless and had their citizenship revoked by their respective nation befor their capture by us and allied forces , which makes it so they have no place to go , this is not the case for either of these men . 
  besides the us doesnt even want assange . 
  i think you are misinterpreting things greatly , assange was not picked up in a battlefield in afghanistan or iraq . 
  it makes a big difference when hes not in an active combat zone . 
   until the day the issues exposed by wikileaks and the whistleblowers it supports are resolved , there is zero reason to believe that ` justice ' is being served in the us or states that support it . 
  so that includes everyone from sweden to japan then ? 
  if anything we have learned how closely intelligence agencies in the west work together . 
  when snowden broke his silence , alot of intelligence agencies got burned . 
  more then hard its more complicated , to get extradition from sweden to the us , the s must get extradition from both sweden and the us.if the us wanted we would have taken him pre-2012 . 
  they are , all of the aforementioned laws and international procedures stem from the un , wto , imf , world bank , or a host of other international bodies , but this does not mean that such laws have teeth , for this be the norm you need more then a piece of paper you need people to follow the rules and someone who has the force and capacity to force such an issue . 
  a great example is the current standoff in the south china sea . 
  china claims all of the south china sea because it had control of these seas in the ancient past . 
  the convention on exclusive economic zones in the seas says that claims can not extend beyond the 200 nautical miles off the coast and can not overlap . 
  china is not following this rule by claiming the whole region . 
  this is why the us has so much support in the region . 
  since it wont allow china to go beyond international maritime law . 
  remember the rules are not written by the majority or by morality , its written by the guy with the biggest stick . 
  authoritarianism is the indefinite rule of a single person or party . 
  you could argue discrimination , but authoritarianism , that 's not really what this is . 
  the us secures freedom of the seas , enforces nautical law , salvage and sub-aquatic law , ensures open and freedom of airspace , ensures freedom of space and leo , south pole neutrality and claim ship , arctic-council rules of the arctic , ect ect . 
  there is a great many things the us enforces in international law which are taken for granted , i would not be so quick to say even a nation with no belligerent neighbors does not benefit from the norms the us provides . 
  this known as the pax latin for peace , it is when one power is powerful enough in the world or a region that peace has been brought with it , ie pax-romana , pax-mongolica , pax-britannica , or the most recent pax-americana, 
  it has to first be signed by the president , if it is and obama has not said if he will , it faces an immediate injuction by the aclu . 
  besides what your saying is still a long way off from authoritarianism . 
  those same democratic values extend to the pacific rim allies . 
  japan , south korea , the philippines , micronesia , palau , the marshall islands , australia , taiwan , and new zealand must also be defended from aggression against more authoritarian states . 
  or the even newer t-14s . 
  russia military has been expanding greatly and they have shown the will and competence to use these forces in both georgia and ukraine . 
  problems arrive from political ramifications for such a move.for instance , would this new military defend the falklands for the uk ? 
  would this new force intervene in mali like the french , what happens if there is another split in policy like in libya where half of europe carpet bombed the place and the other half watched it on tv ? 
  thats been american policy since the peace was established with mexico in the early 1900 's , the us has very friendly relations with its close and land-wise large neighbors , mexico and canada . 
  the only unfriendly nation in our hemisphere is cuba and with a major naval base at guantanamo bay and an imbalance of power plus the new detente it is unlikely anything will flair up in north america . 
  for that reason the us can keep an extremely low number of troops within the us and instead can force project against problem further afield , ie eastern-european nato , south china sea allies , and the korean dmz , the 3 main hot spots of the world today . 
  not so much anymore.first , if war comes then no one really cares what you can do in five years . 
  one of the aspects of a crisis is that it happens without warning . 
  if were going to add in industrial capacity and population then really china and japan in a total war scenario would outstrip germany , france , and the uk in terms of output , personnel , and weapons fielded . 
  in such a case the uk , france , and germany would fall more in line with the third tier with countries like india , brazil , south africa , turkey , south korea , and russia . 
  your patriotic levels are sufficient to allow access to [ r/murica ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/murica/ ) . 
  please report in immediately for standard issue m1911 and over sized american flag . 
  thank you for your love of freedom and your continued hatred of commies . 
  that 's not torture or kidnapping ? 
  for cameron that 's a tuesday from his college days . 
  im sure he can get that pig to squeal like he could in his youth , im sure its like riding a bike . 
  [ casimir pulaski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casimir_pulaski ) hero of the revolution !, 
  guy gets his own day here in chicago . 
  americas dealings with hitler on a government basis was very small , when people think of us investment in nazi germany , they often mean the investment us companies made into germany from 1936-1941 . 
  like the gm,coca-cola and ford plants in german and of course the big one is the 3 huge oil refineries built by standard oil . 
  of course these number pale in comparison to the 50 billion the us spent during the war to arm the allies not including the amount spent arming us forces . 
  yah im fairly sure the us and uk are the cornerstones of nato , with france recently rejoining the block fully , creating a third pillar for nato . 
  turkey has a very large army and population by european standards but a cornerstone eh ? 
  and norway is to small for such things . 
  hey man its pre-ww2 europe , if the us had to stop doing business with half of europe every time one crack pot dictator decided to invade the kingdom of so-and-so , america would have been forced to intervene in european conflicts every year , and twice a year if russia had a mild winter . 
  what your describing sounds like nato with a free trade agreement , ttip . 
  canada and australia are more likely to join the united states , and even that is negligible in the `` things that might happen '' category . 
  corporations are transnational , apple is an american corporation with more employees in china then america . 
  ford has numerous factories in europe . 
  tata is an indian corporation who makes more steel in brazil then in india . 
  airbus is a conglomeration of british , spanish , french , german , and italian aeronautics companies that merged in the 60 's -80 's with germany , spain and france each owning between 2 and 7 % of the stock depending on the year and each having a `` golden '' veto on the board . 
  airbus is fairly european as it has parts and factories necessary for production all over europe . 
  and soon the us with the a320 final production facility moving to alabama . 
  agreed and with a population of 8 million , the gdp switzerland produces is amazing , but the amount of work needed to rebuild europe post war was a much larger task then a nation of this size can handle . 
  in 1945 the us gdp was at 2.2 trillion dollars . 
  switzerland in 2015 still has n't gotten past the 1 trillion mark , competition between the two is downright laughable in terms of economic output . 
  switzerlands gdp per year didnt reach 13 billion till 1963 , even if it was over 10 years the swiss economy could not afford the enormous costs of rebuilding europe . 
  what you are saying is impossible mathematically . 
  uhmmm ... south america . 
  la will always be bad for pollution , its a natural harbor making it a good place for a city . 
  but its also in a basin surrounded by higher topography on all sides . 
  any pollution just sits there . 
   it is a little disturbing that india , brazil and south africa - though democracies - have refused to utter a whisper of reproof against russia for tearing up the rules of global governance . 
  the `` brics '' alliance comes first . 
  found this rather amusing , when it comes to china i often see on this forum people complaining they dont want europe to get dragged into the south china sea conflict despite the vocal annoyances of the us , japan , south korea , and australia . 
  by this same token why should india or brazil care about conflict in europe ? 
  were either democracies that stand as one , or regional groups that will always have to face our problems against more authoritarian regimes . 
  every country has its bullshit i suppose . 
  after reading these comments one would come to the conclusion that anyone who eats food in america is a mutated freak of nature whose dna is being manipulated directly by the newest corn/wombat hybrid food . 
  while every one in europe shits gold as their bread gently makes love to their insides . 
  the level of stupidity on this thread is a new low ... 
  you truly sound intelligent when you compare imaginary places to real places . 
  logic will not work here , emotion has taken this conversation . 
  people are taking a country of 320 million people and comparing it to countries of 10 million people . 
  without looking i can tell the 10 million will produce things more efficiently and the 320 million will produce more things . 
  but why bring logic into this , sit back and watch people get angry . 
  what makes you think western europe will not see eastern europe in the same light ? 
  after all the british and french sacrificed poland , the czech republic , the sudetenland , as well as the baltic and eastern europe to the soviet union and germany in 1938-1939 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal, 
  you cant fight geography , no matter what way you slice it if russia goes to war in europe , eastern europe will become a battlefield . 
  yes this is true , getting real numbers is not easy in that regard . 
  the question of `` what is a countries space budget ? '', 
  is really hard to answer . 
  space funding is n't really just nasa in the us either , people take nasa budget as the final space budget but that 's only due to nasa 's fame . 
  when you think space you think nasa sort of deal . 
  for instance when talking about the space budget for the us you must also include those programs in darpa , noaa , faa office of commercial space transportation , nga , nro , the us air force space command budget , us naval network warfare command , us army space and missile defense command , us funding parts of norad , and the seed money and contracts given to spacex , sierra nevada corporation , boeing , ect ect . 
  its hard to calculate such things when so many different organizations operate in space . 
  for example [ boeing x-37 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boeing_x-37 ) was originally a nasa project in the 90s that the us air force took over . 
  its not easy to measure such things in dollar values without getting the whole pie . 
  the most smug people i 've ever met were vegetarians and cyclist 's . 
  they will first tell you their name .
