  im always shocked by this and i think europe has bought to far into our movies . 
  when i went to the uk people asked me questions about guns like they grow from the gun tree and people get shot at on their way to work . 
  im 27 , i do n't own a gun , i do n't know anyone who owns a gun . 
  yet on my trip to europe no one believed me . 
  there is a third better option for the americans , neither . 
  if you dont like two groups supply them both with weapons in various ways through allied groups and watch them fight each other instead of you . 
  hell , it look like the deal might even be sweetened , if putin goes in in syria you might even bog down the one thorn in washington 's side in europe . 
  its washington 's strategy and its working well for them . 
   tl : dr , do n't talk about what you do n't know . 
  lol !, 
  my grandfather was pressed into service for britain during ww2 , he either had the choice of being poor and his family starving or joining the army so his family did n't starve during the famine caused by the war in india . 
  you know , he totally decided that he wanted to risk life and limb and leave his family so he could fight for the government that oppressed him against an enemy he had no quarrel with , because who in india did n't hate germans or italians ? 
  im gon na lol for days about this one !, 
  he also totally decided on his own to stop growing rice on his farms and grow jute for sandbags instead because of his love for britain , if his family starved so be it . 
  no british officer , viceroy , or queen told him to do it . 
   britain : i volunteer all of india to fight germany !, 
  india : who the fuck is germany ? 
  i love when the british say they have not had slavery since 1833 , but then used colonial slave labor up until 1950 's . 
  because every indian trooper pressed into british service , and every iranian forced to work on an oil well did so because they believed in the empire . 
  right guys !, 
  im confused the us is all green with small numbers , and europe is all yellow with larger numbers isnt that worse ... my comparison point being china which is red and purple with very high numbers which cant be good . 
  were you trying to prove [ u/theendgame ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/theendgame ) point ? 
  fine well take him . 
  oliver 's american now . 
  happy europe , we helped with your immigration problem , 
  its actually less , but , that 's besides the point id like to address the actual logic your using . 
  open wars almost always cause more casualties then a repressive regime genocidal tendencies , since a dictator can take his time to kill people over a long period of time . 
  the amount of casualties one faces fighting an unjust regime may be high but this does not mean the cause is not worth seeing through to the end . 
  people will die in a rebellion but one must fight to free yourself from oppression . 
  comparing casualties is not the best way to measure success in such circumstances . 
  the outcomes 50 years after the event is so much more telling then causality reports . 
  euroskeptics would disagree and they are the growing demographic . 
  and this is why the eu will inevitably clash with russia . 
  but by that same tokken many do not , to say that there would be no political questioning of war with russia in such a situation would be foolish given the current climate . 
  if russia invades the baltic and just stops would germany and france really put all there blood and treasure into this without one politician saying `` well spheres of influence '' and all that . 
  im not saying its about caring just saying one has nothing to do with the other . 
  bases like rammestein and avino and such were all pre-nato , the washington treaty which establishing nato does not apply to these installations . 
  rammstein is outside of nato technically . 
  the us leaving nato would have nothing to do with the base . 
  a french-american treaty which established the base in 1949 is what gives the us ramstein as it was occupied territory at the time . 
  same goes for us bases in italy . 
  for context morrocco is litterally our oldest ally and the first nation to acknowledge the existance of the united states . 
  that kinda gives them a special pass in our books . 
  meanwhile our only interaction with spain , from an american perspective , was a war from 100 years ago, 
  agreed , for such a small country the polish have one of the complete military forces on the continent . 
  hmm best match san fran , dc , nyc , and my own chi town . 
  cool, 
  nah , registration takes ten seconds , you literally go to the [ website ] ( https://vote.gov/?1 ) and fill out 4 questions . 
  after that all you need is a signature . 
  its mostly voter apathy not registration thats a problem . 
  if its someone telling registration is too hard then they are saying they are n't voting anyway as it takes ten seconds . 
  mostly though its young people who are of 18-24 who dont really vote in the us . 
  til japan is the largest supplier of weapons and rare candy 's to the spanish navy, 
   the current system is corrupt and might lead into a civil war in the long run ( all those militias and weapons sure are not a good sign ) , but trump ain \u00b4 t be the right one to change that . 
  he might destroy the usa completely from the inside . 
  thats ... quiet the stretch . 
  same to you considering his hand might be on the nuke button , and you are geographically closer to russia . 
  yes but to be fair no one gives a shit about any of the lyrics after `` born in the us '' after that the original is nothing more then mumbled garbage unless you look it up . 
  then it becomes coherent mumbled garbage . 
  never been to the caribbean then . 
  i agreed with your first sentence but not with the rest of it . 
  lets not forget parliamentary systems come with their own pitfalls ; no government , hung parliament , vote of no confidence ect . 
  no sense in throwing the baby out with the bath water given how well and stable our system has been for the last 250 years . 
  you dont go from being an indebted colonial backwater to superpower in so short a time if your system of government is not working . 
  yes but the parties are much weaker then their parliamentary counterparts , ie no `` vote of no confidence '' less voting down the party lines to keep the government from collapsing ect . 
  the idea being get the biggest coalition in a presidential system wins . 
  in a parliamentary system the multiple parties must form coalition governments . 
  in the presidential system the government is forming without question come election day , but the parties must form coalitions . 
  democrats for example are made up of unionist , environmentalists , socialists , ect while the republicans are a coalition of evangelicals , business interests , white middle class , ect . 
  both forms bring there own headaches to the table . 
  the electoral college gets alot of crap but people forget its primary function is to make sure the presidental candidate wins a combination of both the popular vote and the spread of the vote , it ensures highly populous states dont get all the say , just the majority of it . 
  93 % of presidential candidates won the popular vote as well as the electoral college . 
  of the 4 times in 250 years where the popular vote and electoral college disagreed , the popular vote was within 1 % and the candidate that won the election also won more states , or a greater spread of the vote . 
  i would not be so quick to throw out a system which has been proven to be so highly stable . 
  it was 70 years ago , no need to be such a panzer ass about it , 
  oh dont be such a weimar about it . 
  our part in combating global warming citizen !, 
  canadian pilot to romanian truck driver , `` get in closer i want to hit the ruskie with my sword '', 
  to be fair , from an outside perspective , if the eu says its doing something i look for a nod in berlin not brussels before i assume its happening . 
  how reich you are . 
  not saying they will leave just saying why does it seem like the core gets everything and periphery gets shafted . 
  something effects the periphery lets kick the can till the country collapses , who gives a shit . 
  something that will effect the core , lets get laws in place now to stop this . 
  more has been done in a more timely manner to stop ireland from attracting us tech companies then has been done to save greece and stop migrants . 
  when it effects germany or france its top priority when it effects others the eu could n't care less about them . 
   people who think apple and facebook and microsoft will leave ireland for germany or france are deluded . 
  still seems like germany and france taking more and giving less to the periphery , oh you 've got a small advantage over the biggest economy in europe , let me fix that for you , a equal europe indeed . 
  not just there but youll find the linguistic changes going by original settlers even by just city names . 
  new york and new jersey where the english originally settled after beating the dutch , saint louis and baton rouge where the french settled , san diego and los angles where the spainish/mexicans settled , memphis to cairo , il so on and so forth . 
  the settlers were full of hopes and dreams but lacked imagination when it came to naming places in the us . 
  that statement is like begging fate to stick its dick in your face . 
  does the us have a better track record on internet censorship then russia and china ... yes . 
  i think thats without question , given the advanced methods of censorship of the internet employed by both countries , ie great fire wall and arrest of internet dissidents , and the amount of crap the us does not bring down given 1st amendment rights and overall greater power of the internet itself and until recently the us 's control of icann . 
  even grey areas in europe like hate speech which would be taken down in most european countries is allowed by us law and its liberal interpretation of free speech by most countries around the world . 
  so i would say yes even by the most harsh interpretations of us surveillance stratagem pales in comparison to russian and chinese internet censorship policies . 
  omg how do you not get the difference between putting military equipment on a man made island built by china . 
  and a natural island that is in non chinese territory . 
  how is this so hard a concept to grasp !, 
  heres a clue , one is illegal but skirts international law and the other is called an occupation !, 
  i guess an example is needed , if china builds an island from the sea and puts an strip on it , its illegal but no one is going to war for it .
