  so far the response has been no response . 
  come back to me when any european country actually has a plan and the means to carry out that plan and then you may actually have an alternative . 
  till then keep your heads in the sand . 
  so far the drones have been our most effective response , so until you guys comeup with some kind of alternative i say , `` keep the drones fueled and bombers blasting '', 
  well we were sort of forced into it due to history , post world war ii someone had to fill in the power vacuum left behind by the old empires collapse . 
  from the british to the japanese and everyone in between literally every empire evaporated overnight and it become a whose who of military juntas . 
  what were we supposed to do ? 
  everything from europe to china was in literal ruins . 
  sorry for marshall plan , stopping the post war famines , stabilizing europe , japan , korea , india , pacific islands . 
  next time well just let afro-eurasia self implode lol . 
   and by the way - your own country and nato do not really favor permanent bases in these countries for exactly that reason . 
  no its germany and france who have come out so against it that it stalled nato talks on the issue . 
  we have made it very clear we will be on board , with the reopening of keflavik in iceland , the dragoon rides , and large scale eastern exercises . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/pentagon-readies-more-robust-u-s-military-presence-in-eastern-europe-1459324801 we are very committed to the defense of nato allies , we just wish some other countries were as willing ... 
  given that places like yemen , pakistani waziristan and somalia are all conflict zones its probably easier to assume that . 
  most civilians have fled these areas anyway and being active conflict zones i am always skeptical of the numbers . 
  alot of the people who publish numbers have a bias to getting the drone campaign to stop and how they can tell the difference between a hell fire dropped by a drone and a hell fire dropped by a pakistani/yemeni/african union f-16 is beyond me , i have never gotten a clear answer as to how they can tell that . 
  boo hoo hoo the big bad americans are off using the most effective tool in their arsenal to keep islamic extremists on the defensive and having such a high commander attrition rate that they can no longer effectively plan major operations ... boo hoo so sad . 
  the me was fucked up long befor we came , after all it was you guys who thought sykes-pinot was a good idea ... that worked so well . 
   the us bases in germany are not there for the defence of germany they were till 1990 , now we need troops further east ... to bad germany has such a short memory , remembers when it needs help but is always quick to selfishly sacrifice eastern europe to save its own skin . 
  a hegemony you have thrived in ... but no lets do as you say and remove all us bases and fleets from the world , im sure there will be no consequences to germany when the largest power vacuum in world history occurs , after all , all the other power vacuums the world has experienced have been so peaceful lol . 
  im sorry lets go back to ignoring the problem and burying our heads in the sand ... thats worked well for europe . 
  i agree with him . 
  i know the eu puts more emphasis on privacy while the us puts more emphasis on free speech but i think the internet overall should be a free speech zone , where privacy comes second . 
  we should think of the internet as a public place like a park . 
  dont go naked and start rubbing your junk on people , but its okay to get a soap box and start telling everyone your crazy ass ideas , so long as its okay for the rest of us to ignore you . 
  censorship should be not be done , the nonsense will sink to the bottom as it does . 
   `` european allies have reasons why they ca n't come forward . 
  they 're thinly stretched , at home , in africa , in afghanistan . 
  they just do n't have the money , '' said a senior nato weve tried and one will budge , right now the plan calls for four battalions , the us , uk , and germany have each said they will put a battalion , we just need one more . 
  come on guys europe has to step up here , its sad a day when europe is so short strapped they must rely on canada to defend them . 
  just one more !, 
  does punishing the uk for not wanting to be part of your club not sound ... imperialistic . 
  arent there other countries who have access to the single market but are not part of the eu , i think some of the nordics fall under that category . 
  the way you answered this question gives you the answers : pretend you are nationalist for a moment and look at the structure you use to form your sentence and grammer . 
  you talk of the eus freedoms but not the freedoms provided by the state . 
   compare that to russia , a country that wages war in europe , threaten neighbours with nuclear attack , brutally curb the rights of journalists and minorities , kill dissidents , and kidnap police officers on european soil - it 's a society where gangs beat up artists on the street . 
  you use europe alot , to a nationalist its a word that means nothing . 
  this is latvia 's or estonia 's problems , europe has no problem there is no europe . 
  to a french nationalist these are not problems for europe but problems for nations in europe . 
  they did n't take a journalist and officers on european soil , they took a journalist on ukrainian soil and estonian officers . 
  `` europe '' as a term holds no sway for them . 
  its geographic term , nothing more . 
  it evokes as much commonality as eurasia . 
  its a matter of who you see as a bigger enemy . 
  for a nationalist the nation comes first and you compromise from there . 
  if you feel the eu is a bigger threat to your nation then russia then its not hard to get to this conclusion . 
  the enemy of my enemy after all . 
  especially in countries which have good relations with russia like france . 
  us isnt signatory to the hague treaty , she can be tried in italy as we do have a pact with them but the hague would be extra-jurisdictional . 
  join america if were going by shitty apps , we got solitaire , and minesweeper !, 
  usa stronk !, 
  people forget that in war gdp as a measure only tells a small story , and history is filled with small , rich countries being gobbled up by large poor countries . 
  the population of russia is 150 million people . 
  it can gobble up anything in europe by throwing men at it , for a comparison the largest european country is germany and it only has 80 million . 
  there is a reason people feared the inexhaustible russian troops in ww1 and ww2 . 
  they were never ending in comparison to the much smaller countries of europe . 
  we did not sign unclos , although we enforce it with our navy . 
  we dont sign any international treaties really , even when they are literal verbatim reflections of our own laws , u.n. disabilities treaty is practically verbatim the americans with disabilities act of 1990 , but we did not sign it because elements of congress feel its a loss of sovereignty . 
  for the united states , super national treaties are met with great skepticism and extra caution mostly because unlike other countries , if the united states signs a treaty and the another country violates its terms its expected the us will be the one to enforce the rules which could lead to problematic relations . 
  this happened with india-us relations after the non-proliferation agreement was broken by india during the atoms for peace deal . 
  other countries put a great deal of pressure on the us to enforce the rules and eventually the us had to downgrade its relations with india despite india being a natural ally of the us.since then the us has been much more cautious in what it signs and ratifies . 
  if the us were to sign its expected the us will enforce , but if the us does not sign then its easier to skirt the rules as no one else has the power to enforce . 
  the irony is the united states was the one who set up these institutions post war but many a times these things have bitten us in the ass . 
  if brexit occurs what will replace james bond in the yurop stronk stock image ? 
  for perspective for my fellow americans 25c is 77f . 
  today is considered a cool summers morning day here in chicago , a northern american city.before the sun is up its 78f/25 .5 c , it will get to 88f/31c by mid day . 
  today is cool day . 
  what is the average in summer then for the nordics ? 
  15c-20c ? 
  ugh plz say `` no '' there are few car brands as ugly as skoda and i do n't want to look at one if i do n't have too . 
  less investment in military since the war ended , more investment in private sector . 
  under the empire the economy actually flourished . 
  he gave the speech when he was down 2 million votes , he was already mathematically out of the race . 
   especially since the word ` genocide ' was coined to describe what happened to the armenians common misconception which is why there is a debate over the term genocide when applied to armenians during ww1 `` in 1944 , a polish-jewish lawyer named raphael lemkin sought to create a new term to describe nazi policies of the systematic murder of jewish people . 
  lemkin used the ancient greek word genos ( race , tribe ) and the latin cide ( killing ) to come up with the new word , `` genocide . '' '' before then the there was n't really a term for it throughout history , churchill in 1941 for instance described the russian purges of civilians as `` a crime with no name '', 
  construct additional pylons !, 
  its not like we even need it anymore , the 4th fleets main base is now in panama . 
  its only goal is to piss of cuba at this point and thats why i love it , the last authoritarian government in the americas has a us base in their face . 
  lol, 
  for agriculture it sounds about right . 
  it really depends on the product really and what the other side has a comparative disadvantage in . 
  you can for instance take hogans entire paragraph and substitute agriculture for microprocessors and read it as : `` the us exports processed , high value products , which can not be easily substituted ( because of consumer preferences ) whereas eu products are standardized commodities which are easily substitutable . 
  the positive trade balance is essentially a result of the us exports of amd-9 series and intel i-7s / i-5s to the eu . '' this could go on and on for many products in many different lines , it depends on what your good at making . 
  gdp in its most basic form is calculated out of the formula : consumption ( c ) + investment ( i ) + government spending ( g ) + ( exports ( x ) - imports ( n ) ) in this case the g consists of all forms of government from community council to national budget and in the case of the eu the supernational budget as well . 
  for the us , government spending as a % of gdp is 35.1 % for the year 2015 , the last full year we had . 
  to put this into perspective , the average for the european union is 50.3 % of gdp comes from government spending . 
  all government play a big role as a % of gdp its a matter of how big that role is . 
  so yes the us is more on the capitalist side as a greater percentage of the gdp comes from the private sector/private control of gdp , while in the eu , gdp is a split evenly between the public and private sector and thus leans more towards the socialist side/state control of gdp . 
  http://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/0911/countries-with-the-highest-government-spending-to-gdp-ratio.aspx this of course brings with it different rules of the game and different advantages . 
  for instance the eu has a greater social safety net then the us , since a greater % of the gdp is spent by the government and the government can decide what to invest in . 
  while the us is able to have a greater investment into future capacity , ( i ) in things like a profitable private space industry and tech industry , as it is the private sector which shapes the gdp . 
  it depends where in the us . 
  i live in chicago , illinois for example and we have a huge polish and ukrainian population so we have alot of exposure to eastern europe . 
  but , if you travel 600km south , yes i converted for this subreddit  , you end up in cairo , illinois which has little exposure to eastern european culture but if your from the nile delta or the levant you will feel right at home . 
  america is a big place it depends where your ancestors settled . 
  its all silicon valley , before hand the city was very affordable until the tech revolution occurred . 
  well it sort is sort isnt , remember both ww1 and ww2 were european wars , the average man in the colonies had no ill will towards germany but the great cost of the war spelled the beginning of the end for the empire as indian , canadian , and anzac troops were very unhappy with being dragged into a war for reasons they did not care about , after all germany extending its empire in belgium brought fury from the british people , but for the average indian living under british rule , it was hypocrisy for the british to be angry over such things when they themselves did the same . 
  so while more british troops died in both wars , colonial troops and their families felt like they died for europeans empires which did not respect them . 
  for them these wars became an awakening of internal nationalism which in the end helped destroy the empire .
