  this a problem throughout the oecd , its not unique to america , its a problem throughout first world democracies . 
  you do realize our resources are limited right ? 
  its not like we can liberate greece from the military junta without spooking the ussr in ' 67 , especially since there was a communist insurgency in greece in ' 49 . 
  besides the coup caught everyone by surprise including the cia . 
  by the time the us could form a new policy it was already a choice of support the colonels or dont , and let the ussr have a shot . 
  as for south america , it was south america , a host of unstable , constantly toppling regimes from rebel insurgency to counter insurgency from 1940-1995 . 
  some were supported by the us ( columbia , nicaragua , panama , ect ) , some by the ussr ( cuba , guatemala , venezuela , ect ) . 
  but south america at the time was anything but stable . 
  regimes changes on an annual basis back then , most of the time from local rebels who had nothing to do with either the us or ussr . 
  it was just a mess back then . 
  as for the middle east , its been a disaster since the 13th century long before america existed . 
  we cant be blamed for sykes-picot , the ottoman empire/persian empires dealings , and the imperialism brought by europe . 
  when we did n't exist as a country till 1776 and didnt become a world power till 1870 . 
  lol islamic fundamentalism and political islam is older then the united states itself , you cant blame us for the region being shit since the 13th century . 
  they had ~ 300 years of no america so i dont think we are the problem here . 
  maby the region could help itself rather then blaming others for being shit for so long . 
  it might help . 
  also that most oppressive of regimes in history also happens to be the most stable in mena . 
  we dont support them because we like them . 
  we support them cause there the only ones not shooting at each other every week . 
  thats how crap it all is . 
  the worst regime in history is the most stable this region can produce ... sad . 
  he said linking to another american media outlet ... 
  if you think the soviet union would not exude influence on italy because italians said so then i got a bridge id like to sell you ... its not like the soviet union ever supported a communist party , then supported its most pro soviet elements when the party took over , then brought them into the fold . 
  never happened in hungary , or the baltic 's . 
  never . 
  yes ethopia was a war ... where haile selassie i and his government had to flee ethiopia because of italian annexation . 
  totally not a coup . 
  the point being to get off the high horse , it looks silly when a european , american , or japanese person sits on it . 
  hey man if you got a better super power coming up in the wings go and support them . 
  china has n't annexed anyone since tibet , ^ although ^ hong ^ kong ^ and ^ taiwan ^ might ^ be ^ in ^ for ^ a ^ rough ^ ride . 
  go support them . 
  you can get all anti-american rara about it , but the american hegemonic system has been far more peaceful and better for economic development around the world then the european imperial-colonial system . 
  my country is not going to nor does it need to apologize for every little thing outside of its control . 
  edit : i guess the best way to put it is , its not a popularity contest , its a responsibility and right now we are the only ones capable and able to take on this responsibility . 
  that 's the opinion page , not the front page . 
  everyone from putin to netanyahu has written and published articles on the opinion page to appeal to the us citizenry . 
  i know turkey does n't have a free press so im glad to inform you on the subject  . 
  the key being turkish detainees . 
  big deference when your torturing foreigners vs your own people . 
  one of those tends to be seen as worse then the other in the eyes of your allies . 
  the economic and political problems which are facing turkey , from ethnic conflict to religious conflict to a flailing economy . 
  oh please america is the super power shit like this happens . 
  besides its not like italy has been saintly in this matter , or are we conveniently forgetting ethiopia ? 
  we did support a semi coup in italy against the italian communists , but it worked out . 
  you would be surprised how many countries we military or clandestinely overthrew who now loved us for it . 
  italy is a big one , but italians now im sure are glad they are part of the democratic , free market world as opposed to the soviet bloc . 
  others include south korea ( a dictatorship before the korean war ) , chile ( now the us is staunchest ally in south america ) , panama ( america 's staunchest ally in central america ) and so forth . 
  we didnt support the coup , we supported the military junta when it had greece under its control but we had nothing to do with the rise of the military junta . 
  that was greece 's own failure . 
   us-led nato 's crime in serbia \\ yougoslavia you mean that thing were we stopped ethnic cleansing and cleaned up after the disaster that was srebrenica . 
  yah im not going to loose sleep given it went from being a shit hole in the throws of ethnic conflict to just a shit hole after we left . 
  world was fucked long before we became the super power , we did not sign sykes -- picot . 
  we did n't create the bolshevik revolution nor were we at fault for all the shit the soviets did . 
  we did not start colonialism or imperialism . 
  world was not made of rainbow sherbet and candy when the us became a great power in 1870 . 
  were just expected to deal with the aftermath . 
  while everyone else sits back and criticizes . 
  world was n't perfect in 1945 , nor is it perfect in 2016 , but its undeniable that pax-americana has been good for the world . 
  sure if your the super power you apparently claim to be then go ahead . 
  good luck with that one . 
  its statements like these that are downright inane . 
  the us gets to do certain things because it is the super power . 
  it also has obligations that no other nation has . 
  when iran tried to block the strait of hormuz in 2011-2012 , everyone expected the us to do something about it and we did , we sent the fifth fleet in to make sure iran stfu and everything continued normally . 
  no one praised the us for doing what is expected of it . 
  the us gets first rights through the suez ... boo hoo , the us is also expected to keep ships from the sixth and fifth fleet their to ensure isreal and egypt do n't shot at each other and close the canal down like they used too . 
  considering the arab winter came after the complete and utter failure of the arab spring its not really the fault of the us . 
  its not like america can just make democracy work in the me . 
  if the me does n't want democracy and instead wants to be ruled by religious zealots and fundamentalists then so be it , there choice to keep living the glory years of the 13th century . 
  the me is a failure of a region anyway , now that we do n't need their oil im glad we can pull out of that backwards region . 
  considering how undemocratic and religiously zealous turkey has become id rather kick them out then let turkey drag down the rest of the alliance . 
  the is not the secular great nation ataturk left behind . 
  a great man and founding father is spinning in his grave at the loss of his nation to the old ottoman ideas of religiosity , ethnocentrism , and sultanate . 
  i dont know what happened to the kemalist 's but this is not the turkey i want to support . 
  democracy and secularism are the most important hallmarks of a westernized nation , turkey no longer believes this . 
  time we parted ways . 
  gladio was a nato initiative against an initial push by the warsaw pact , essentially a stay behind force . 
  it was all of nato . 
  you will see a rise of a second party then . 
  the us uses a two party system because they form party coalitions where parliamentary systems form coalition governments . 
  the us parties need to get the widest swath of the population or they will forever lose the presidency.look for the rise of the libertarian party in the death throws of the republican party . 
  ehh thats mostly due to the amount of damage we can do if we elect our village idiot . 
  everyone elses village idiot could win the election and there is no threat of nuclear annihilation , economic depression , or military invasion . 
  america on the other hand ... 
  at the same time this was seen by many as a test of eu capacity . 
  so far russia has by and large , out maneuvered , out manned , out supplied , and out gunned the eu . 
  diplomatically the eu has not shown it can handle this crisis . 
  the eu has been reactionary and slow . 
  russia has set the rules of the game and done what its want . 
  the sco is a loose organization , it is not a formal military alliance like nato or norad . 
  india has been increasing its military cooperation with the united states and japan as well . 
  india will do its middle of the road thing like it always does . 
  this is big news , i must inform the prussian consulate in siam by aero mail . 
  am i too late for the 4:30 autogyro ? 
  [ yet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unmanned_ground_vehicle ), 
  by get it right i mean limit the fallout on the surrounding , none insane country 's . 
  more of a thought experiment really , would you really care if the us glassed the middle east in general ? 
  might solve alot of problems . 
  just sayin ...
