  the usa has no official language . 
  sharia is a basis of law , but the us alreay has a basis for law , common law . 
  you cant base your legal system on two fundamentally different legal systems . 
  ground troops are being replaced by uavs . 
  if we could get it right would anyone really care if the us nuked everything from israel to india ? 
  for which country would you say is an enemy of serbia ? ... united states 18,1 % . 
  what ?!, 
  you guys are still that mad over kosovo ? 
  well then why are n't you mad at the eu ? 
  they bombed you guys too !, 
  and georgia, 
   damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  welcome to the club brother ... its a very lonely club . 
  colonization !, 
  wait you said improve ... 
  actually we were more interested in isolationism at the time , world war 1 had left a very bad taste in the mouths of the united states , canada , and australia . 
  it was a european war and many in the united states and the more independent colonies were fed up with european power struggles . 
  by 1930 it was already clear there was going to be another war , or at least a very long cold war between the 3 power blocks . 
  as for eugenics , it was the early century . 
  you do know every western country at the time had very cruel eugenics programs in place . 
  thats not really true , silicon valley has become the stand in for `` american tech '' in general now . 
  i work as programmer , you can find more jobs in chicago , new york , atlanta , boston , and austin then you can in the valley . 
  san fran is over saturated now . 
  nobody in america asks how much earn that is a taboo topic and considered in poor taste . 
  universally in the country . 
   against `` migrant youth '' as if we depended on migrants to be innovative ... do n't count them out.the elon musk 's and sergey brin 's of today were the igor sikorsky 's , subrahmanyan chandrasekhar 's of yesteryear . 
  dont look at immigrants as drains , but as opportunities . 
  from all ive read i sum up nokias downfall like this : `` nokia is great at making phones , but were terrible at making computers which could call '' . 
  this is true the bosphorus is important , but its no suez or panama . 
  exactly , there is great sympathy for the kurd 's in the us especially after iraq in which they proved they were loyal capable allies . 
  with the threat of isis the only effective , none crazy fighters in the region are kurdish . 
  us news agencies have gotten a boner for kurdish fighters and their ways . 
  if turkey goes to far and tries to kick the us out , we wont go without a fight . 
  all the kurdish will need to do is ensure a us base can be on their soil and boom , you have yourself a kurdistan . 
  at least one american flag is burned on each day of the week in some shitty place on earth , usually in the crap hole between israel and india . 
  am american , can confirm i go to places and destroy ... ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b, 
  paris authorities cant have that ... the louvre shall now be closed for an extra 15 % of the year !, 
  you do realize that by having the us , along with the us pacific allies we essentially surround russia . 
  german forces started to lose ground the minute the elite troops of siberia began to flood the russian front in wwii . 
  europe looks at russia as a one front war . 
  with the us and the pacific allies russia would have a second front to contend with . 
  unlike in wwii , vladivostok and the rest of pacific russia would not be at peace and could not bring its industry to bear . 
  russia is surrounded by nato on one end and the pacific allies on the other . 
  i would agree the austro-hungarian empire held alot of values we consider `` western '' , such as being a highly diverse and a very tolerant state . 
  but it was located in central europe . 
  this is where lines become murky . 
  japan holds many `` western '' values but it is not the west . 
  same goes for india , south korea , and taiwan . 
  hell the idea of the `` west '' has expanded and contracted as we have needed it too . 
  we hold greek culture as the foundations of our own `` western '' culture . 
  but for the greeks civilization started in greece and ended at india . 
  everywhere else was barbarian country , including western europe . 
  the united states and canada were also added to the idea of the `` west '' due to their success and cultural similarity . 
  i would not get hung up by the term . 
   the usa provided weapons , ships , planes , ammunition , even tanks . 
  the us provides that support to everyone from contra rebels to south korean 's . 
  kuwait in 1990 and 1991 we provided them with all of the material needed to defend against saddam 's invasion : tanks , guns , ammo , war planes , ect . 
  including us tankers refueling kuwaiti f-16s during combat sorties with saddam 's air force . 
  this does not mean it was a us led defense of kuwait . 
  its a murky area to be sure but when the us is in charge of those materials vs another commander matters greatly . 
  in the bay of pigs invasion the commander was pepe san rom\u00e1n . 
  so it really depends ? 
  when does it go from us led , to us supported . 
  the point is that this was not a us operation . 
  it was a cuban exile operation supported by the united states , guatemala , and the oas . 
  when the first million were kicked out of cuba they fled to the nearest piece of land they could , florida , before the deadline , lest they be killed like those that stayed behind in the escambray mountains . 
  it was in miami that manuel artime and pepe san rom\u00e1n began planning to retake cuba , lobbying for us and oas support against the castro regime . 
  this isnt some simple cuba won `` viva la cuba '' moment as you proclaim . 
  the castro government threw out anyone who did not agree with them and killed those that stayed behind . 
  there is a reason the entirety of the oas kicked cuba out of the organization . 
  alot of bad things happened to those people . 
  it is not dissimilar to the way russia kicked the tartars out of crimea . 
  castro was not the good guy by any stretch of the imagination . 
  those cubans exiles did not become americans till 1966 . 
  : l ... i have no idea what your news outlets are showing , then . 
  how is this corruption exactly ? 
  democratic party leaders favor life long democratic candidate for democratic ticket over independent who caucuses with them !, 
  in other news water is wet . 
  2016 has been interesting but for a while us presidential races have been rather tame . 
  no barry goldwater , no teddy and bull moose party , and no duel to decide the ticket . 
  nixon was a real scandal , the last major scandal we had was bill and an intern . 
  the presidential elections from reagan to obama have been rather tame . 
  yes because if you believed in every `` documentary '' with built in internal bias and a need to make a profit by selling subscriptions . 
  you would live in an america with half the country burning and the other half in the throws of armed revolution while nuclear holocaust loomed overhead . 
  but since that does n't seem to be the case ... 
  i am wary of such sources , the documentary sets out with a point to prove not a hypothesis to test . 
  that usually does not bode well for facts . 
  electoral college rules take in both the popular vote and the spread of the vote . 
  in 2000 , gore won the popular vote 48.4 % to bush 's 47.9 % . 
  but , bush carried 30 states while gore only carried 20 . 
  i did n't vote for the guy either but by the rules he won it and most studies showed he would have won it by hand count , which is why gore conceded after the recount . 
  it was a very very very close race but bush won it fair and square . 
  you do realize that the mass cuban exile was the largest forced migration in north america right ? 
  the exiles were going back and ready for a fight , with us or without us . 
  you cant kick out 2 million people and expect them not to be pissed . 
   `` mississippi ratified the amendment in 1995 , but because the state never officially notified the us archivist , the ratification is not official , '' some pencil pusher forgot to push his pencils . 
  china will need to avoid causing pain to the people of taiwan . 
  remember they want to reintegrate these people , you dont do that destroying everything bigger then two stories and causing mass starvation . 
  i agree , i am glad machiavellianism is alive and well . 
  thats an expensive proposition for germany .
