  this was 1944 , the british , french , italian , japanese , german , dutch , ect empires were in total free fall . 
  there were only two powers left on continental europe and only one left in in the world . 
  the document was a nonsensical piece of paper passed between the uk and ussr dreaming of an old world imperial order , there alternative to the new american system . 
  but it was always a pipe dream that was never going to go anywhere , the ussr was one of only two powers left but it was in no shape to negotiate for anything outside of the countries it had invaded prior to the war and the counties it passed through to get to berlin . 
  the british were in an even less capable position , the empire was done , independence for india and the rest of the empire was forgone , the fleet sunk by the japanese , and most war material coming from the us . 
  russia and the british trying to curry percentages of influence in greece is absurd , everyone save churchill had already accepted by this point that the us was going to get its way : decolonization , the new american led international institutions ( the un , wto , world bank , imf ) , and the new post war alliance nato were already in the works . 
  russia and britain arguing over percentages of who would control greece , lol . 
  utter delusion considering neither country post war could do anything that far afield . 
  this was not massive it was utter nonsense . 
  that never came to pass . 
  advantageous maby , the argument can go back and forth . 
  but the dollar would still be the prime reserve currency if your scenario plays out , what else are people going to use ? 
  there is no other currency in large enough circulation with that much stability . 
  uk asks nicely enough trump might consider helping build a wall on the uk 's southern coast . 
  keep the illegal continentals out , make uk great again !, 
  the us was n't part of the percentages agreement , i fail to see your point . 
  eu commision : `` google , you are a monopoly , and must be stopped '' google : `` we are a monopoly because we literally do it better then everyone else , our search engine is better , our maps are better , google calculator is better , youtube is better , gmail is better , android is better , anything we touch is awesome '' eu commission `` and google + '' google '' ... most things are better '', 
  its as american as chinese food and sikorsky helicopters !, 
  america is an odd case though for slavery , 1 . the slaves did not come from africa directly , they came from other slave colonies in the caribbean , the slaves of america had already been slaves for a couple of generations . 
  slaves came to the us in 1526 , slavery as an institution in the united states predates the united states by some 250 years . 
  when it comes to the slavery issue the us is more similar to brazil then to the caribbean and other parts of the european empires where slavery occurred . 
  a bit of context . 
  but the developers are still swedish , your point is what exactly ? 
  if an american company owns your company , you officially become american , if thats the case coca cola alone is responsible for creating more americans then anyone . 
  ea is the publisher , they do n't develop the game they front the money for it . 
  its a similar set up to movie studios . 
   `` we do n't care as much as you do '' . 
  yet i see the entire thread filled with americans . 
  we dont care if the french were in the game or not , we care that we are getting shit on for a decision we had no hand in making . 
  we are being called egomaniacs for something we had nothing to do with , that would piss anyone off . 
  but then why blame american culture for a decision no american made , there is literally nothing anyone in america could do ? 
  if the developer does n't have the balls to show it that way then its does n't sound like an american problem , it sounds like a european one . 
  the director is one small man in a vast network needed to make these kinds of movies . 
  if most of that infrastructure is in america and the rule of thumb is `` write what you know '' then the topic going to probably take place or have main characters from that nation . 
  not our fault there is no hollywood of europe . 
  got it no win scenario we are the bad guys no matter what . 
  so let me guess this straight , europeans are pissed about this perceived slight but will not blame the european developers because europeans have collectively decided americans wont buy their product if were not listed as # 1 and as such are pissed at america 's collective egotism over a decision no american made ... yah sounds about right ... \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  `` in god we trust '' comes on and off our currency all the time actually , its historical context comes from the national anthem , the star spangled banner , its final verse :  o thus be it ever , when freemen shall stand between their loved homes and the war 's desolation . 
  blest with vict ` ry and peace , may the heav 'n rescued land praise the power that hath made and preserved us a nation !, 
  then conquer we must , when our cause it is just , and this be our motto : ` in god is our trust . ', 
  and the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave !, 
  this in turn has led to its favored use . 
  the reason it does not break the law is that it does not refer to a specific god , and thus does not favor any one religion . 
  as for the president swearing on the bible thats more the presidents preference . 
  from the wiki :  theodore roosevelt did not use a bible when taking the oath in 1901 . both john quincy adams and franklin pierce swore on a book of law , with the intention that they were swearing on the constitution . 
  lyndon b. johnson was sworn in on a roman catholic missal on air force one . 
  harry truman , dwight eisenhower , richard nixon , and barack obama each swore the oath on two bibles . 
  a bible is not required . 
  how religious a nation is perceived does not define the laws of the nation . 
  the us also churns out more porn and consumes more drugs then the rest of the world , does that mean the us is the leading country in hedonism . 
  how to you correlate your statement about america being a religious with these facts or when so many of the laws go against the predominant religion ? 
  your argument has no correlation to the facts . 
  i got willem van oranje from civ 5 , vincent van gogh , van der waals , ( didnt know they were dutch ) , and spinoza ( although i thought he was iberian of some kind . 
  happy now that 's 7 . 
  now do it with fractions or decimals . 
  there is a reason the world choose the indo-arab numeral system over the greek-roman numeral system . 
  all im saying is im glad we chose the superior system in which ten symbols can represent numbers both immeasurably big and small . 
  [ blinks twice ] hes right i cant name a single other dutch person besides those two . 
  edit : nm anne frank was dutch . 
  that 's 3, 
  the circumstances for the annexation are irrelevant be they coup d'etat , invasion , or some other means . 
  the fact of the matter is , world boarders were redrawn and in international relations thats something that has not happened since the end of world war 2 and the implementation of the new post ww2 order . 
  the americans might go into iraq but there was never an intention to annex the country or parts of it , iraq was still iraq , afghanistan is still afghanistan . 
  this is not the case in georgia or ukraine . 
  putin 's russia crossed a line which has not occurred in europe since the sudetenland crisis . 
  the cold war may be over and pre-2008 i would have agreed with you , russia can now be counted among our friends , but since the russo-georgian war that hope has been dashed . 
  the end of the slumbering russia is over , putin has shown he is willing to take steps deemed unacceptable by the international community . 
  the response must be condemnation . 
  the us does n't really have regional protections so no i am not familiar with doc , some things are trademarked by the states like , `` 100 % florida orange juice '' is owned by florida but you have to have the name in it . 
  im not a fan of this , it makes no sense . 
  i dont think there is much difference by region , its more a manufacturing method . 
  if you got a parmesan from italy and a parmesan from vermont i highly doubt anyone could tell difference . 
  it makes no sense . 
  your maine lobster example does not work either as european lobsters are homarus gammarus while the main lobster is homarus americanus . 
  they are two different species , there is no such thing for cheese . 
  if a fishery in europe breeds maine lobsters and sells them they should sell them as maine lobsters , that 's fine by me . 
  too me it sounds like the kind of logic that states things like , only coca-cola made in georgia can be called coca-cola , all other cola 's made from similar ingredients and methods but in different regions should be called , brown-bubbly-sugar-drink . 
  the mongols conquered russia , congratulations mongolia !, 
  so your going to sit here and tell me the eu and its preceding mechanism have always been in favor of turkey joining nato . 
  lol also lets be very clear here , nato is a piece of the us alliance system along with the pacific alliance and rio treaty , if we are going to say whose policy decisions nato is going to follow , its going to be the ally which has 70 % of natos resources , is the only country to hold the title of `` supreme allied commander of europe '' to this day and is the only country the nato secretary general reports to regularly . 
  if big decisions about nato are going to be made then 9/10 the side the us falls on is the side the alliance falls on . 
  nato is the mechanism the us uses to keep europe from breaking up into smaller allied factions , as europe tends to do , so when the us told turkey and greece to cool it in the 70s they did so under the auspices of nato at the united states behest . 
  the us is not going to let 2 of its allies have a shooting war . 
  that is what keeps the peace in europe . 
  it did so since the inception of the alliance , through the cyprus crisis in the 70 's till today . 
  uhmm , im american not british so im just going to leave that point blank . 
  but , the point being propaganda . 
  it would take very little of it for americans , who are culturally , linguistically , politically and economically close to the anglo-sphere to want to defend the uk . 
  the bbc will have a lot more presence here the france24 or spiegel . 
  if such posturing did occur between the eu and uk it would be easy to tell where american opinion polls would fall . 
  by this logic , it should be illegal for grey goose to call itself vodka , and for all apple factories save the 60 or so in the united states to call their products i-anything . 
  its maddness . 
  right well , have fun with your abacus and let me know when the sun dial says its noon so i can use my sextant with great accuracy . 
  i do not believe my point is speculation , the fact is both turkey and greece were in the alliance , both the greek military junta and turkish government worked with the us embassy and called nixon and ford regularly for arbitration . 
  the fact that the us put an arms embargo on turkey which helped stop turkey from moving further into cyprus can not be dismissed so easily . 
  the same goes for european and turkish relations , why europe always wanted to keep turkey out of the alliance is beyond me . 
  im glad we got our way on that . 
  russia has taken territory in both georgia and ukraine and the fact that the baltic 's , even under nato protection would fall in 72 hours by nato estimates to a russian invasion tells me they are justifiable fears . 
  was west germany not reliant on american protection during the cold war and berlin airlift . 
  why should this same protection not be afforded to our newest allies who face a very real threat to their sovereignty ?
