  if it aint broke ... 
  its one if ... 
  if the americans pulled out of nato , nato dissolves and the balance of power between nato and russia is no longer so clear cut . 
  i think sun tzu applies here `` the art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy 's not coming , but on our own readiness to receive him ; not on the chance of his not attacking , but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable . '', 
  its not a matter of innocence its a matter of norms , one of the norms is you dont occupy smaller nations and annex territory , this isnt the imperial age , where annexation of territory is an international norm , we moved away from that being the norm when we went from pax-britannia to pax-americana . 
  besides them being members of the eu or not doesnt change the fact that the eu is no longer in a position to claim it can provide peace in europe when there are currently two wars going on in europe . 
  the eu wants to claim itself as a new power in the region , thats not gon na happen when it cant even keep peace or control of its backyard . 
  us couldnt do the same , international pressure to do something always falls to the super power . 
  also the soviet union held eastern europe for 50 years and only fell after great pressure and an inability to keep up . 
  western europe post world war 2 was in no position to tell either the soviets or another great power to leave . 
  there was no building higher then 2 stories and each and every european empire collapsed in a fort night . 
  they could have held on to it for as long as they pleased if no other powers intervened . 
  who would stop them ? 
  france : was completely destroyed and occupied britain : was so devastated the empire collapsed despite churchill trying his best , even during the war conference at yalta diplomats joked it was a conference of unequals , the 2.5 club of powers , american , soviet and the british empire already totally drained by the war . 
  spain : civil war easy pickings . 
  and everything from norway down to romania was either occupied by the soviets or the germans anyway ? 
  hell if the americans wanted they could have occupied europe , who would have stopped them ? 
  the soviets did it to their half of europe , the americans could very easily have done the same , after all empires were all the rage up until the wars and replacement of the imperial system with the new hegemony system . 
  if america pulled out of nato tommorow and russia invaded certain member states i very much doubt 28 member states would be at war with russia , in fact id put money on germany being the first to proclaim neutrality . 
  russia has been invading georgia since 2008 and ukraine since last year ? 
  is this not a direct threat to european security ? 
  just because it aint blitzkrieg doesnt mean it aint annexation !, 
  if the us had done the same , europe would either be anschluss or a soviet satellite depending on who won the war . 
  its not about wants its about justice . 
  he raped a girl , the victim wants the circus to stop but by letting him go you set a precedent where all you have to do to get away with rape is . 
  a ) be a citizen of the eu b ) rape someone abroad . 
  i dont why your getting down voted its true , those clauses were put in both the german and japanese constitution by the american occupation forces . 
  though not in italy 's ... 
  the brit said with no sarcasm ... 
  you know the pew research poll indicated germany was the least likely country to go to war to defend a nato ally right . 
  ignore history its not like that got anyone in trouble . 
  half sounds like political chaos ... and putin is very , very good at taking advantage of political chaos . 
  but fine do not heed my words , continue to underestimate them . 
  thats if the eu as a whole comes to defend against russian aggression , latest pew poll says that might be a hard sell to europe . 
  if russia invades an eastern nation , europe might not do anything about it . 
  im just saying dont underestimate them , europe has done that so many times to russia , name a time underestimating them worked in a european countries favor ? 
  russia has a population of over 150 million people and its one of only three nations capable of self sustaining war resources . 
  i would not underestimate them so easily its a mistake europe has made far to often in history and paid for each and every time . 
  the only people to successfully conquer russia is mongolia . 
  not france , and not germany . 
  do not underestimate the resolve of russia , a land only khans can subjugate , once . 
  what was the consequence ? 
  he moved to france and continued to make movies without ever paying for his actions . 
  he raped a 13 year old girl ... were the ones that should be embarrassed ? 
  [ drops the mic ], 
  closing down as prisoners are released , the problem being no one wants the most radical prisoners and the leadership . 
  they 've been declared ` persona non grata ' by everyone . 
  any country who would take them , we would be grateful . 
  nato brought france and germany under the same military structure . 
  why is that not as , or even more , important then france and germany being economically dependent . 
  why i think people forget how advantage this situation is for us in the us . 
  instead of the islamists attacking us they are now attacking each other ... thats not a bad outcome for the us . 
  well duh , if it was 1510 we would n't have drones doing it for us , 
  hey if this keeps up we might offer the swiss nato membership !, 
  if were going to go by this logic europe has been killing each other since rome ... so we still got like 2k or 2.5 k years to learn the lesson before were on a europe level of not learning , 
  first off countries like belgium , who spends less then 1 % of gdp on defense , cant defend themselves from a major or minor power to begin with . 
  belgium isnt going to save anyone in europe lets not be delusional . 
  secondly by pooling military capacities republics can spend less as a percentage of gdp while total budgets for the military goes up . 
  the bigger countries will have to do the heavy lifting , us , india , brazil , germany , japan , ect . 
  but smaller countries can specialize their forces to certain tasks to maximize the force available to the alliance in a time of need . 
  the us already does this under pax americana doctrine . 
  japan , south korea , australia on one end ; uk , france , and germany on the other . 
  the end goal should be to take the american umbrella system and institutionalize its capacities . 
  i would say good . 
  i knew there was a reason we pay so much money to the un . 
  given history i find it very amusing when european accuses someone of warmongering . 
  pot calling the kettle black . 
  that makes no sense , politically the only two countries capable of challenging the us are russia and china ... how can you not compared the three biggest players in the game just because one of them has characteristics of smaller power . 
  well go on then , go be russia 's ally , if your so keen to be on that side of the fence , 
  it does but it would certainly be cheaper and safer to be under one umbrella/shield . 
  by that logic there is a north and south america , its just one tiny straight that connects the two . 
  does that mean we can add a ring to the olympics and pretend tectonically europe will eventually break off from asia , no i didnt think so . 
  cold war is over but a new proxy conflict is taking shape , this time in asia . 
  southeast asia is shaping up the same way europe did during the cold war , either us led nato or soviet led warsaw pact , there was very little room for political neutrality then in europe . 
  india was able to stay out of that due to distance . 
  it no longer has that luxury . 
  if the united states can improve south korean-japanese relations then the cards are in place for a pacific nato and then a world nato !, 
  i might be getting ahead of myself but that 's the idea is it not , to have a single military command structure for all democratic-republics . 
  i agree with this manifest destiny 2 : this time its up !, 
  gradients , our is a dark red not light commie red !, 
  yah they did the same thing about taiwan in 70s and japan in the 80s and eu in 2000s . 
  ive come to the conclusion now that ill wait before i call america the toppled superpower . 
  china and india fought a war in 1962 and have very cold relations , i have no idea what your on about but the two of them hate each other and india 's policy 's have been moving towards americans for years , especially with the rising numbers of indian-americans in america . 
  all three hand guns you mentioned as well as most other modern pistols base their design off the m1911 , from the racking mechanism to the swinging link barrel which revolutionized pistol design . 
  there are some advantages to more modern pistol designs , more rounds and double action hammers , but the m1911 is simple , less to break down , and heavy so its got a very light recoil especially compared to the round it throws , the heavy .45 automatic colt pistol , .45 acp . 
  this in the end was the real reason for the retirement of the pistol . 
  the m1911 was designed to fire .45 acp round and after the formation of nato one of the first things the organization did was nato round standardization ( stanag ) . 
  the american 7.62 and 5.56 became the standard nato heavy and intermediate rounds and the german 9mm became the standard pistol round . 
  so the m1911 was retired for politics more then need . 
  the design however is still used today as marines expeditionary corp and the and special forces use updated versions of the design . 
  [ m45 meusoc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meu ( soc ) _ pistol ), 
  congratulations , youve gained your american citizenship . 
  here is your pocket sized constitution and m1911 pistol . 
  .45 acp of course . 
  remember the alamo !, 
  sorry man , we have so much oil we cant get rid of it fast enough , we need a new resource to manifest destiny !, 
  ** ahahahahahahahahshah ** * anger towards commies in belgium intensifies *, 
  afraid isnt the right word for the feeling i feel when i see commie red ... its a mixture of anger and hate with a tinge of paranoia . 
  better dead then red . 
  we live in america ... what the hell are we gon na do with more oil ?
