  cause right now , the euro is shit without reform and transfer payments . 
  there is a reason that the currency which everyone in europe touted as `` the new world reserve currency to oust the dollar '' has been relegated to secondary status in the world market . 
  right , cause instead you have perpetual crisis where an economy a little larger then the size of miami brings the 2nd largest economy to its knees every time the well runs dry ... at some point your gon na have to say either we are or we are not a union . 
  cause this half foot in half foot out shit is not working . 
  i dont feel crap , if your in a union you support other states financially . 
  new york , california , texas , ect receive less from the federal government then they put in and states like alabama , mississippi , and arkansas get more then they put in . 
  if anything the germans should suck it up , reform the system , and get ready to pay year on year to poor states in the form of taxes . 
  germany wants an eu it does n't get to bitch about doing what a union is supposed to do . 
  you cant have it both ways on this point . 
  yah , but , were never gon na say , `` now merge into me '' !, 
  yah that is totally wrong on almost every single level . 
  a vat tax , is a value added tax which is added at every additional stage in production . 
  the burden of this tax falls on the consumer to pay the added tax in additional processing which is more transparent and harder to avoid , but leads to higher prices for consumers and creates additional revenue for the government levying the tax . 
  though this makes prices for goods considerably higher . 
  sales tax , is a percentage of revenue tax imposed on the final sale of the goods . 
  the burden of this tax falls on the producer as every stage of production is not taxed but its final consumer state is thus encouraging greater efficiency in production . 
  it also leads to lower consumer prices , but less revenue for the government in question . 
  yah thats not true , most americans have no idea what a vat tax is . 
  i am okay with this but as a programmer i must point out that old equipment connecting to networks are easy security targets . 
  the latest ciber attacks are more likely to effect old systems then new ones , and programmers working to stop cyber attacks can not roll out fixes for every old legacy system . 
  old systems connecting to networks makes us all vulnerable there has to be a hardware and software limit to certain things in this case . 
  i think they would run in fear at the sight of your planned obsolescence smart phone . 
  that was an unfortunate pipe dream , lets not forget the context of this was to start another war directly after a war in which 60-80 million people were dead , while still fighting the japanese and with the us expecting a total invasion of the japanese main land . 
  to invade eastern europe and japan at the same time would have been next to impossible . 
  the bush family was a political dynasty ... clinton was one super charismatic man and his un-electable outside of ny wife . 
  hardly a dynasty of one . 
  i think a 50 year occupation by soviet forces gives these states a little right to be paranoid ... 
  they tell you different things . 
  you would use nominal gdp to compare country to country because a ) it is normalized to usd . 
  so we are accounting for currency variability . 
  b ) we use nominal because it is the total goods and services produced by that economy and takes into account ( exports-imports ) ie trade deficits . 
  gdp per ( ppp ) divides that up by purchasing power parity within the country . 
  so you are seeing how far each unit of currency goes given a standard basket of consumer goods . 
  but this distorts consumption as the average american consumes much more then the average chinese national . the chinese eat more rice , so that is included in their basket as it is a staple food and the us eats more beef , a high calorie food as a staple food.the two are not comparable . 
  you might spend less money on food in china but that food has a lower calorie intake . 
  the average person in china does not have a dishwasher , a car , a computer ... 
  the economy is different . 
  people in china cant afford a computer in the household quiet yet , so you see internet cafes , something that never panned in the us cause you have a computer at home . 
  they simply can not be compared . 
  your comparing cars ( how american 's travel ) to bikes ( how most chinese national transport themselves ) and calling it transport costs , meaning they are the same . 
  ( ppp ) is only comparable among nations of similar economic development . 
  gdp per ppp per capita , is even more nitty gritty . 
  you are now taking how far that currency goes and dividing it by the amount of people there are . 
  china produces alot but not that much per person while little belgium gdp is small but it is very efficient per person . 
  they do not buy the same stuff on a daily basis . 
  but china 's overall economy trades like 2 belgian gdp per month in trade alone . 
  so you comparing efficiency in buying power of the average household in country x. 
  not its ability to produce goods . 
  the simple fact is the less distortions you add to the economic calculation the more accurate you will be . 
  different times , different crisis , cuba is 90 miles off the coast of the us . 
  thats two super powers starring each other down armed to the teeth with nuclear weapons . 
  when the two were locked in the last ideological struggle left after fascism and mercantilism got beaten . 
   if that 's the formal position of the us i 'd like to switch sides you sure bout that  because last i checked soviet style occupation has come back into fashion man . 
  political reality is political reality . 
  those that have nukes tend to be great powers , cant be invaded , but , if small states try and crash course a nuke program they will be invaded by their large neighbor . 
  that has always been the case . 
  limited war . 
  neither the us nor russia is going to invade each other . 
  the us will probably blow vladivostok to smithereens , but invade territorry , no . 
  missiles will not fly if russia invades the baltic , romania , ect poland might be the actual limit but no one is gon na push it or knows.the point being russia can easily overrun the baltic no way around it and if that happens you got a costly counter-invasion to do . 
  which will mean you , me and whole lot of other internet-meme-ass-hats in the nato alliance are gon na die or get mentally scarred liberating a field in a weird town no american can pronounce in the middle of one of three baltic `` vacations , too see the world they said '' . 
  but no one is crossing the border . 
  thats why you use nominal , as water is a traded resource and can be bought and sold on the international market . 
  trade means people will do what is in their comparative and absolute advantage . 
  that water will be traded for something just like gas , pigs , clay , ect . 
   only because in one country products and services are more expensive that does n't mean better living standards . 
  correlation coefficient says otherwise but likewise the ( ppp ) basket of goods is very different from the us and china , just as it is different from the uk and romania . 
  the average number of computers in an american household ( not including smart phones ) is 3.35 per household . 
  in china its .92 . 
  thats to much variance to compare ppp to ppp . 
  yes and even then this had always been the case , the winter war is much more auxiliary to the soviet union then the subsequent invasions of romania for grain and oil . 
  poland for farm land and grazing land , the slavic states as they were seen as a protectorate sphere ect . 
  finland borders russia and is of course in some danger , but its natural defenses are a lot tougher and its land is worth a lot less then the low land of the baltic where a tank offensive can just sweep through for some sweet sweet farm land . 
  probably the mutual defense treaty signed with france and the uk in regards to the defense of eastern europe against the soviet-nazi alliance . 
  after the molotov -- ribbentrop pact was signed creating an alliance between the soviet union and nazi germany much of ee was afraid of a two front war , which came . 
  france and the uk signed treaties guaranteeing an ee alliance . 
  in ee it is known as the [ `` the great western betrayal '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) . 
  ee has never quiet forgotten this moment and it is the reason for lack of trust in western europe helping eastern europe in defense matters today . 
  did not give the us casus belli for war with russia nor was it a security guarantee for ukraine . 
  the memorandums main points were : * respect belarusian , kazakh and ukrainian independence and sovereignty and the existing borders . 
  ( we respected them , russia did not ) * refrain from the threat or use of force against belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine . 
  ( we respected them , russia did not ) * refrain from using economic pressure on belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine in order to influence its politics . 
  ( we respected them , russia did not ) * seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine , `` if belarus/kazakhstan/ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used '' . 
  ( we respected them , russia did not use nuclear weapons in this manner ) * refrain from the use of nuclear arms against belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine . 
  ( both sides have respected ) * consult with one another if questions arise regarding these commitments . 
  ( we respected them , russia did not ), 
  the last time i checked we were the security guarantors here . 
  i do very much care because if shit goes down my ass is flying to ee with a rifle in one hand a book called `` how to speak latvian and lithuanian '' in the other . 
  i am very much interested in beefing up ee independence from russian oil . 
  sorry but finland is not as strategically important to russia as poland is . 
  finland is not in nearly as much danger as the baltic states , slavic states , poland , romania , ect . 
  oh no , two nationalist allies agree on political views ... i still dont see a problem , ee wants us gas and distrust russia , we want to sell our gas and distrust russia . 
  this seems like good policy to me . 
  since when did us policy have to go through the eu first and nationa governments second ? 
  this is the us directly talking too allied nato states , poland , lithuania , latvia , ect since when did brussels get to be gatekeepers ? 
  `` i 'm shocked , ** shocked ** to find that gambling is going on in here ! '', 
  - `` angie the cold '' merkel ( 2014 ) * probably * - `` b-rock '' obama ( 2016 ) * probably *, 
  good luck getting a company to spend millions with zero customer support safety net . 
  this is by purchasing power parity , its good if you want to see how far your currency will go for a basket of goods or if you want too assess domestic markets and for determining poverty . 
  but because it ignores international markets it is essentially useless for this comparison unless the average american buys only american and the average german buys only german .
