  canada is small , whatever happens in geopolitics between the us , russia , and china are outside of everyone else 's control . 
  they must live with the decisions the giants make and hope they dont look like a tasty meal . 
  the question is does canada 's military have the capacity to defend the nation if the status quo changes , the answer is no . 
  agreed and that is my point , congress wants this more then the president does not want it . 
  at best this will be bargaining chip for the next president to get something else but congress might not get any trade deals done if this one is n't moving . 
  the us and uk bureaucracy have worked together for sometime favors will be called , trade negotiators will talk openly about this , i dont think anyone is willing to fight the inertia . 
  unless the eu puts up some ultimatum against the uk there will be a free trade agreement sooner rather then later between the two . 
  russia boarders many countries but its capacity in the other regions are not as important to russia as its ability to influence politics in europe . 
  china and russia are nominal allies and while japan may protest russian occupied islands from ww2 , japan will not attack russia for these islands . 
  russia has few commitments outside of europe , which is why the russian qrf in europe is so well equipped and feared . 
  as for the 48 hour take over of the baltic , while you might consider this a so what i consider a very real threat to the alliance . 
  if i was putin i would watch these commitments very carefully , if russia decides to be bold and take the region , would europe help ? 
  polls consistently show , germans , italians , and other western european nations would not go to war with russia to defend an ally even if it falls under article 5 . 
  this would not be the first time western europe has abandoned eastern europe to avoid a conflict . 
  if putin takes the baltic and stops there , offering peace would europe take it ? 
  if europe does would the us fight alone ? 
  many in america doubt the resolve of europeans to defend each other and recent events have not helped curtail these fears . 
  it appears to the us , europe is ripe for a divide and conquer strategy and putin has shown he can get away with redrawing maps of europe when europe is disunited . 
  you talk as if europe is one mind , one military , one goal . 
  it does not appear such from outside perspective . 
  money does not always mean victory . 
  remember russia is a land based power whose force projection is close to home . 
  russia has more tanks and mechinized infantry then the eu or us does on its flanks , its commitments are limited to a single theater , ie where the americans need to buy a jungle , dessert , temperate uniform the russians only need to buy temperate . 
  its well known and established that if russia went in hard and invaded the baltic they would take all three nations in 48 hours . 
  does europe have the commitment to liberate the baltic , the political will ? 
  will germans send there boys to die for latvia ? 
  there is an idea in my circle that europe as a whole is full of paper tigers . 
  annex , i thought we were just going to move 36 million people their and vote to join the union . 
  it worked in texas and its only a couple million less people . 
  at 35 million people no . 
  that is a huge coastline and canada does not have the man power for such things . 
  remember more then 50 % of the population of canada lives within 100 miles of the us boarder . 
  the coasts save those close to the us lacks cities and ports . 
  canada has historically rallied on the british and later the americans to protect its coastline , this is nothing new . 
   but yes , it 's a meaningless bill since we ca n't actually even start negotiating trade deals with the uk while it 's still in the eu can we not though ? 
  its not against us law to negotiate with members in the eu . 
  the uk is still in for now but it wont be for long . 
  i get that its against eu law to negotiate till article 50 is declared by the uk to the eu but the us/uk would have no qualms or laws baring this action . 
  they can actually , congress has its own arm for trade negotiations the president has executive power but if congress votes to send a delegation of us senators and representatives for the purpose of trade it is in their prerogative . 
  congress is also the only ones who can fast track free trade and i doubt obama or the next rpesident will waste political power on this . 
  congress wants a free trade deal with the uk , its going to happen . 
  the french and russians have been allies and are historically much closer to each other then the uk is too russia . 
  the only thing that held the british and russians together in world war 1 was the french and their entente treaty with both the uk and russia for example . 
  it took alot of political pressure to get the french to stop building an air craft carrier for russia . 
  i would not be so sure about the french especially if there is muddled casus belli . 
  makes google maps a living hell though going from dcs china town to little ethiopia . 
  i dont even have charters on my keyboard for the names sometimes . 
  shhhh ... im working here . 
  do n't reveal the plan yet . 
  i bet your a hit at all the parties ... , 
  oh come now my good man im speaking in hyperbole and your going into the logistics of the matter ... 
  pfft ... you 'd be doing that for us anyway . 
  like the eu ever stopped us from telling europe when and where to show up for the next invasion . 
  google colonization my friend and you will see what i mean . 
  nothing like plopping a flag down , proclaiming the land for the queen , and then shooting all the locals . 
  indeed but really i should clarify that i think all the big countries in continental europe are rather silly . 
  the french with their n ^ th form of government , the germans who go from lions to pussy cats every 20 years , and the eu which cant even agree on a capital , let alone economic policy . 
  rather silly folk the lot . 
  dont worry uk its just norway , what do they sell anyway , fish and oil right . 
  well we here in america got plenty o fish and unlike the eu our waters are n't depleted so you know you 'll get that fish for a long time to come . 
  but , if oil is what you need then the us and canada would like to be your go to for all that sweet sweet crude !, 
  we got so much of it the saudis are having to sell theirs for a discount . 
  join nafta we got it all !, 
  single market , we got you fam . 
  no open boarders , we dont want that either !, 
  join us !, 
  should n't the eu be in forgiveness and solidarity mode after one of the largest economies in europe just up and quit them ? 
  are eu bureaucrats so tone def they cant see the damage they are causing ? 
  the eu is looking more and more distant with each passing day . 
  both really, 
  isnt there a report out the germany only has 2 days worth of ammunition ? 
  germany really is just a paper tiger . 
  yah there was a time when the uk went to war the minute it saw new land ... they were a bit nuts back then . 
  so there is no way too join the free trade bloc without open immigration ... uk come join nafta well give you what you want !, 
  well even change it from north american to north atlantic ^ mexico ^ wont ^ care . 
  nothing , he was supposed buy the ammunition that lazy bum . 
  well in case of emergency you have 2 days to figure that out before your all slaughtered . 
  what happened germany ? 
  like seriously you went from grade-a bad ass too ... this . 
  and you guys buried your heads so far up our ass your noses turned brown and you became experts in checking for polyps . 
  batman ? 
  i believe this the day i go to a market in china and dont find fake german appliances , misspelled french apparel , bootleg american cinemas , fake swiss watches , ect . 
  china has some major problems in faking other peoples stuff . 
  well were a friend far away , british have had better luck with friends far away then with good neighbors . 
  continental europe is seen as a rather silly place . 
  small fry shit , its not like the british boer war campaigns or the british slave trade , those were real good ol fashioned race wars with a mix of eliminating the dutch afrikaners . 
  post 1945 all britain has done is low scale compared to things like the crimean war and the arab betrayal . 
  well since then there has not been an option of a me-mine-me policy was there . 
  british empire post 1945 was in no position to do what it had for a century prior . 
  that option of a winner take all foreign policy was reserved for the united states and the soviet union . 
  its like taking the low road everyday and then proclaiming i shall take the high road , when the low road collapsed . 
  merely a thought . 
  a canadian city makes the most sense for such a new capital , i take it you have a better proposal ? 
  vancouver , or perhaps a joint border capital , between niagara falls ? 
  agreed talks for visa free restrictions should begin immediately . 
  the question is , should this be an eu-us relationship or a us-romanian/polish/ect relationship . 
  its more of an absolute thing . 
  its not so much america is in decline as the rest of the world is catching up . 
  china , india , and the such are starting to become centers for business and trade and with a billion people its really impossible for the us to be the worlds largest economy . 
  sooner or later we will overtaken .
