  more then 2 million people were exiled onto rafts to leave the island in less then two weeks or be shot by the new regime . 
  bay of pigs happened before cuban missile crisis . 
  your chronology is off . 
  hes talking about the spanish-american war . 
  us was unhappy with a large spanish fleet off the coast of florida / large spanish army in cuba . 
  they were there to put down a rebellion by cuba , but the spanish at the time used very strong arm tactics to do it , reports of concentration camps and brutality were reported in the press in the us and europe causing spain to be isolated politically . 
  more specifically they stopped all trade to the island and the spanish enacted a policy to search all ships going through the caribbean for weapons . 
  this royal pissed off the american public as the price of fruit , cloth and alot of basic goods from the caribbean and south america sky rocketed in price . 
  this all culminated when the uss maine which was docked in cuba and blew up . 
  the americans thought the spanish blew it up and the spanish thought it was a us plot to enter the war , blowing up their own ship . 
  turns out it was a coal fire , a fairly common reason for ship explosions at the time but investigating in a warzone was a no go for either party . 
  the us won the war and gained cuba , the philippines and puerto rico . 
  if russia opens a base in vietnam the vietnamese will expect backing against china ... that would be one hell of a foreign policy shift just for one base . 
  27.5 ... who owns the other half of this mythical country ? 
  a pro-eu produced piece by an eu member telling everyone how great the eu is . 
  its as much propaganda as `` uncle sam needs you '' and `` stay calm '' . 
  but why are we even mentioned like what do we have to do with a white girl jizzing over europe riding a bull ? 
  why even mention us ? 
  syria 's a quagmire , we aint going in . 
  the status que of drop bombs from the air will continue . 
  only people who have a horse in this race is russia , at this point , might as well bomb them to make the cost go up for russia . 
  calculation wise we can afford it , russia cant . 
  same reason we reopened or base in greenland , forced the russians to burn more fuel to get to murmansk . 
  a ) libya was in a civil war by the time we came in so , it having the highest gdp per blah blah is pointless when the whole country goes tits up during a civil war . 
  b ) of course we throw in a lot of money , we are the goddamn money . 
  like it or not we are the 800 pound gorilla in the room , so even when its not our problem were gon na be up there in throwing in the money . 
  the us government budget is 3.8 trillion dollars man . 
  wtf you want an apology letter , `` sorry for economy of scale '' , lol . 
  c ) you act as if intervention only leads to bad things , for every iraq there is a south korea or panama . 
  us interventions have led to some very good outcomes for many people in the world from the berlin airlift to the liberation of the dominican republic to the 2012 strait of hormuz dispute . 
  no need to be cynical all the time , history is filled with both good and bad outcomes . 
  d ) us chilean relations are litterally at an all time high . 
  i mean right now chile just joined the oecd its neigbors arent to happy with all its good fortune espcially all the countries that went pink , in the in south american pink revolution . 
  like right now the us and chile have been backing each other hard , latest pew poll shows it [ chile ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/23/1-americas-global-image/ ) . 
  i would wager you dont follow the politics of the americas or the oas , your spouting cold war , like its still present day . 
  iraq was on us , but libya was a ( half ) - eu/europe/ecc / uk/german money but no germany/its europe ^ so ^ throw ^ in ^ the ^ kitchen ^ sink ^ with ^ a ^ bureaucratic ^ layer ^ or ^ two . 
  led shit show . 
  credit for fuck ups where credit is due my friend , 
  apple is credited with making the smart phone a must have , before the iphone it was all blackberry and business . 
  i actually dont own an apple , never have , but credit where credit is due . 
  steve jobs may have been an asshole but hes an asshole that got everyone wanting his shit . 
  regardless the greater point is that nokia could n't make a pocket size computer for shit and got left behind . 
  if you want to go on a bend on who started the smart phone revolution and why thats your problem . 
  whats with every eu propaganda piece and the usa . 
  why are we even mentioned here ? 
  dear me , the germans seem to still be uppity over vieques island . 
  lets be honest here , once apple started the smart phone revolution nokia was done . 
  nokia was great at making cell phones , they blew at making pocket computers you could also call from . 
  i had a nokia lumia , thing was garbage . 
  oil is the reason the middle east holds the worlds importance , but since your so keep on a play-by-play . 
   but surely , it will be disaster , but not for region , but dozens of western corporations working in oil and military industry and many super-rich individuals connected to them . 
  a civil war will be a disaster for you as those oil corporations you so hate supply you with oil . 
  the thing that you put in your car to move and is in every plastic product you come into contact with . 
  as the 1973 oil crisis showed , it effects everything . 
  for instance records from thee 1970s are thinner and more fragile then the ones in the 60 's and 80 's because oil was so expensive that less of it was used . 
  its effects are wide spread and far reaching . 
   you have absolutely no fucking idea how radical islamism is spread to countries . 
  yes , lets blame everyone for the instability in syria and libya , save the syrian 's and libyan 's . 
  they are absolved . 
  lol . 
   p.s neither me nor my country are in need of saudi oil , we can do fine even if whole gcc somehow disappears from face of earth . 
  gcc holds more then 40 % of the worlds oil . 
  if oil stops coming from that region then everyone is going to scramble for whats left . 
  save the most powerful players ( us , china , russia ) everyone else will be scrambling for those last remaining oil supplies not gobbled by the big three . 
  so yes you will be effected , and effected badly . 
  the us gets very little oil from the saudis , but we arent stupid enough to let them and their production go and expect there to be no consequences . 
  i unfortunately have to agree . 
  this proxy war is going to be our problem as both size ramp up the production of religious fanatics . 
  we either deal with them and the consequences for the next 10-20 years or we put in a game changer . 
  either way this problem wont go away by sticking our heads in the sand and saying not our problem when we have to deal with the reverbarations from the region . 
  oh were doing this okay , a ) the saudi 's are bastards sure , but they are a stable . 
  they up the oil production when the other unstable oil regions come up short . 
  they are literally the best we got in the region . 
  our governments have to deal with that period . 
  no way around that so everyone is going to have to deal with this shit , unless you want the saudis to go tits up and have total war in the middle east and no oil . 
  learn to deal with it . 
  they support crazy , you have to negate that crazy , why ? 
  because you want sweet sweet crude in your life . 
  b ) syria and libya went into civil war long before us or european intervention so to blame their civil war on anyone else is laughable . 
  c ) are you insane ? 
  do you have any idea what a civil war on the arab peninsula would do to the world ? 
  most of the worlds oil production would stop . 
  the largest trade link in the world , the suez , would close . 
  international travel would be severely restricted from europe to asia . 
  espcially routes to india and south east asia . 
  your basically calling for the 1973 oil crisis to make a love child with the 1956 suez crisis and expecting everything to work out okay . 
  big picture here guys : who do you think will take over in this power vacuum if the saudi 's were n't leading this ? 
  this is a yemeni civil war and the [ houthis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/houthis ) aka ansar allah , supporters of god . 
  are the guys we dont want winning this . 
  these guys are religious fanatics from the south of the country and while i admit that north of yemen did repress them , they did so cause these guys are down right religious crazies . 
  give the saudi 's the means to fight these guys now , or be prepared for terrorists trained in the new religious yemen to start entering europe 6 months later . 
  i admit saudi arabia is far from ideal , but unlike the rest of the region . 
  its stable , it increases oil production to match instability in other oil regions , keeps the peace on the entire arab peninsula . 
  they are litterally the most relable guys in the region . 
  so unless europe has the balls to take them out and install a capitalist democracy , we are going to have to work with them . 
  rooting for them to fall will be disaster for the region and considering its proximity to europe , is short sighted moralism sacrificing itself for political reality . 
  ... because otherwise people would by those saab gripens right ? 
  good quality plane and all , 
  the 21st century was defined by the ideological struggles that occurred . 
  1 of 4 ideologies was in it to win it .
