  http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/german-intelligence-worked-closely-with-nsa-on-data-surveillance-a-912355.html http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-germany-spying-idukkbn0nx1in20150512 http://www.dw.com/en/german-courts-ruling-on-mass-spying-is-a-victory-for-the-bnd-and-nsa/a-36402749 `` i am shocked -- shocked -- to find that gambling is going on in here ! '', 
  semantics , are we really going to fight over this term . 
  the british rule of india caused millions of deaths and insurmountable amounts of suffering for profit and mercantile economics . 
  does this make it any better ? 
  `` sorry good sir , i am killing your family not to kill off your people and culture , but to keep grain prices artificially low for more money !, 
  bollocks if the outcomes are the same the intentions were not . '', 
  this really your argument man ? 
  fairly easily . 
  we are the number one weapons sellers to both israel and egypt.some of the most advanced ships of the egyptian navy are made at newport news shipbuilding . 
  soft power plays great on tv and in many circumstances soft power is great to have , but lets be honest of the clear limits of soft power . 
  sweden and northern europe in general could have a moral high ground so high it could be acknowledge by the sight and word of god ... and it still wont mean shit in the occupied territory , gaza , and jerusalem . 
  why should they listen to people so far away as to not be able to effect their lives in the slightest . 
  really ? 
  whats sweden gon na do ? 
  lets be honest there is no political cost to snubbing her . 
  at the same time what politician wants their picture taken with an openly hostile fm from sweden , thats not gon na win you an election . 
  sweden is not a world nor regional power in the middle east/suez region . 
  if this was saudi arabia , egypt , turkey , iran , the us , russia , or china . 
  there could be political consequences . 
  it might even be a story . 
  what legitimately can sweden do in this case . 
  its just good realpolitik . 
  by ignoring her as non-consequential you look strong to a domestic audience and tell a foreign audience your government wont deal with any of this nonsense , either play ball or not . 
  according to the russians its their back yard . 
  if you have a more effective way of keeping these assholes stuck in holes in the ground im all ears . 
  till then i say we order a new batch of hellfires each month and show them how quickly we can answer their prayers to meet alah . 
  chicago here we huddle together for warmth , even in the underground . 
  the spacing is odd to me . 
  ture but it was not their war . 
  what beef did the indian , canadian , australian , or new zealander troops have against the ottomans , germans , and austro-hungarians ? 
  if anything this was the beginning of the end for the empires as post ww1 saw a huge backlash against the empires and mass implementation of independence movements around the world . 
  for alot of australians and new zealanders gallipoli and the anzac landings were the beginning of nationalism for these countries and a desire to leave the british empire after the disastrous handling of the war . 
  not just them of course , north african frensh troops who were brought to the western front were quiet disgusted with the french empire and the western front they were fighting in . 
  imperialism was of course brutal and never benign but up until ww1 it was never a meat grinder for those subjugated . 
  just sayin , last time we or the japanese fucked with french shit was ww2 . 
  since then we nor the japanese havent invaded french territory ... how else have we fucked france since 1945 ? 
  or the japanese . 
  it was an invasion , wars of liberation , can still have invasions . 
  wikipedia even calls it the normandy invasions https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_normandy, 
  oh shoot i knew i forgot to do something ... i was scheduled to get shot , oh well ill do it tommorow . 
  ... the last time invaded france was normandy ... would you have perfereed if we just didnt show ? 
  its arguments like this sprinkled all over the net that makes americans question the value of alliance with european countries . 
  save the brits , when push comes to shove their the only lot we can count on th stand up and start workin . 
  thats funny because so far an eu country is always the one in the news with shit quality control . 
  from horse meat to fuel standards , and german sprouts to boot . 
  its just this subreddit bro . 
  if its american , russian , british , anyone called immigrant , your not the most popular bell at this ball . 
  shouldnt have started with gmo 's their bro after that it all turned to blah blah blah . 
  well im off to go poison my water hole while my girlfriend starts drilling my new oil well . 
  wow ... okay were going to name calling since im american i must therefore equal stupid , racist , redneck ... i hope the irony of all that in context to this is n't lost on your tiny little mind , which im sure it is . 
  by the way thanks for ignoring my argument entirely and instead going straight for attacking me personally . 
  truly shows you have something to say . 
  but its not like its hard to find . 
  the character main iteration comes from a book in the 1850s , during the blackmoor art craze.he is depicted as naive , good , servant but in need of a masters guidance as many characters from `` exotic '' lands who were depicted in the period . 
  hes not even an original character , lol , he is literally a black moor lol origin stories are so hard . 
  i mean shit its the third line said about him in every article and on black pete wikipedia page . 
  now im not calling you stupid for not being able to google search , but now that you have this information why do n't you refute my argument instead talking as if you represent everyone in this thread , especially since your iq probably does n't justify such things . 
  go read a book and learn some manners , just wow . 
  but then what about the art style of blackmoor which spawned black pete . 
  when the art style which created him is racist and is designed to depict the exotic black body as in service to the white master how do justify the charecter himself then , espcially when he himself is a servant . 
  we think in the times and terms handed to us , and we do live in a us centeic world , so your argument against it not being racist in the black face tradition is sound . 
  but that does not exonart the charecters true orgins which was indeed racist and steeped in colonial tradition . 
  of the african in service to the european master . 
  black pete comes from the blackmoor tradition of european art and was an early modern movement . 
  jewelry and especially sculptures which depicted black/exotic bodies . 
  usually they are holding a vessel or a tray which was functional and used to hold things for guests coming into the home . 
  they were used to depict a heirarchy and symbolic servitude of `` inferior races '' . 
  as the sculpture itself was in servitude to the household . 
  essentially black pete and charecters like him were used as a justification for colonalism as they were charecters and art which represented a good serveant . 
  naive , good but in need of firm guidance and subserviant to the master/father figure . 
  so yah even if you completely ignore the us and black face , and go exclusively by the art which depicts/produced him and charecters like him from the 1840s till it became in poor taste , by old european art tradition , it still feels racist . 
  but when it happens 3000 people die , two skyscrappers collapse and the pentagons on fire . 
  americans arent worried about the lone nut job . 
  were worried about the big , because we are the main target of the big ones . 
  okay but from what im seeing on the news the russians seem pretty prepared for shit . 
  the russian seem to be running a tight ship air campaign and ukraine has so far been a master stroke . 
  so far the russians seem to be batting well enough . 
  its not unusual for the us president to ask a certain person to be the uk ambassador to the united states . 
  kennedy , regan , and bush sr all did it and were obliged for their request . 
  i for one would be very happy with a deeper anglo-alliance . 
  it represents the most powerful military , economic , and political force on the planet . 
  i can get where the australians , canadians , and the uk is coming from . 
  i have no idea sometimes what the rest of these countries are thinking but by joe ( biden ) im all in on this idea !, 
  this is oonly when they work together which has proven to be like once in a blue moon , ie iran nuclear talks . 
  on everything else the eu becomes so stuck in debate that its policy becomes do nothing . 
  ie refugee crisis , ukraine , georgia , greece . 
  ect . 
  the current eu is rather worthless with the agreement of 29 individual members which means it is 99 % of the time a hinderance to actual problem solving . 
  reform !, 
  hes not wrong military equipment is not something that can simply be produced unless the entire economy is upended for military purposes . 
  you cant simply wish for a carrier , plane , or tank . 
  but both had to also ask the us and israel for bunker buster bombs . 
  after it was revealed by american battle damage assessment flights , most of the bombs were ineffective at attacking hard targets.how effective can a military really be if they cant beat cement perfected in the 1940s . 
  libya was eye opening in how unprepared france and britain are at air campaigns . 
  yes but that was 2-3 century 's ago during a european golden age but to say european science , technology , literature , ect . 
  has been at the forefront of human understanding for three millennia is downright false . 
  this involves a time when the definition of barbarian was directed to europeans by the greeks who saw themselves as mediterranean 's and part of the civilized world of egyptians , persians and indians . 
  if you wish to argue from 18th or even 17th century till the 20th when scientific innovation and lingua franc turned to english is a whole different matter from three millennia . 
  one must call bullshit when one sees it after all . 
  the roman empire had a smaller economy then both its indian and chinese contemporary ; with empires of about the same scale ; the roman empire was larger by size but smaller by population .
