  and a nuclear reactor or three and i too shall have said urge . 
  its very simplistic to blame one thing for south americas problems . 
  large scale drug production in the region is one cause , but so is a lack of employment , poor education , civil war in columbia . 
  economic failures in argentina and venezuela , gang wars in guatemala , el salvador , and nicaragua.poverty in most of the region , ect . 
  you could go with the chavez/alba block and blame these woes on the us , but of course the chavez block and left revolution has been in power for 15 years now , there is only so long you can blame an outside force before it rings hollow . 
  of course there are also success stories in the region , chile being the main one . 
  chile should be applauded being highly stable and now joining the nations of the first world . 
  the us currently hosts 264,763 refugees . 
  there are alot of refugees living in the united states , just not from syria as it is very far away.most refugees coming to the us come from south america , fleeing the gang wars currently occurring there . 
  do you have a point ? 
  the new american century foundation was disbanded in 2008 . and full-spectrum dominance has been with america since 1990 . 
  its a doctrine in military strategy not a way of stabilizing a failed state . 
  we complain here in europe but lets take a look at where the refugees are in the world . 
  the countries with the highest number of refugees are , pakistan , turkey , jordan , lebanon , iran , and kenya . 
  only then does germany come into play at 8th place , france is next for europe at 15 place . 
  in lebanon 1 in 4 people who live in the country are refugees . 
  in jordan 1 in 3 people is a refugee so it depends on the gulf state really saudi arabia does nothing for refugees while lebanon and jordan do more then their fair share . 
  yes good luck asking britain to put british troops in a french generals hands . 
  if my nation supports an action then we will do what we did in dessert storm and begin creation of a temporary multinational coalition with definable objectives . 
  will the eu support the uk is argentina attacks the falklands , will we get eu troops . 
  no , we will not so why should we put a 1000 men under eu command when this does not look out for us . 
  id rather have nato , it wont ask me to denationalize my military , this is more of that `` ever closer union '' bollucks which just creates an `` ever bigger mess of things '' . 
  one has to remember the americans never had monarchy , fascism , or totalitarianism . 
  they the throw the word around when their guy doesnt win an election but they really dont know the meaning of the word . 
  for them the pledge is part of the republic , it never had connotations with another form of government like it does over here . 
  the pledge is used as a propaganda/indoctrination tool on children , however , courts have ruled students are not required to stand and say the pledge though social pressure makes that difficult . 
  for a country as diverse as the united states with a population of 320 million people , with no blood ties , and no cultural ties . 
  such tactics have been successful in integrating large number of immigrants into a way of life . 
  like it or not it has proven effective in turning immigrant children into american citizens first , making their ethnic and cultural heritage come behind the all encompassing idea of americana . 
  chill man , all i said was its weird and flashy to wear pants like that here but its normal apparel over there an that i find that interesting . 
  no need to give yourself an aneurysm . 
  that not true i just found out about it ... 
   it 's apparently available in `` 50 million homes '' here . 
  which means its one of the package channels you get in a bundle like g4 and the golf channel . 
  avilable in 50 million homes means 49 million people have it on their 500 + channel package and 1 million are aware it exists but skip past it . 
  you joke but when i was in paris i saw men in jeans , but not blue jeans , no not working jeans , no not jeans-jeans no . 
  these jeans were flamboyantly pink and so tight im sure the men wearing them were comfortable with the prospect that their sperm count has been strangled by denim . 
  these sorts of thing are only worn by gay men here in america . 
  its an odd world we live in where the subculture of one continent is the norm on another . 
  here here , lets make europe unassilable and we wont have another war on our hands . 
  appeasement does not work force must be met with measured force !, 
  what ?!, 
  that makes no sense , ireland had an overall food safety score of 2.6 , while belgium and italy scored a 2 . 
  the us had an overall food safety score of 2.3 . 
  how can you say all things are equal across the eu when the data clearly shows it does not . 
  germany had a food safety score of 2.1 this does not equate to frances 2.4 just because they are both in the eu . 
  geography is europe 's problem , best america can do is send our boys to help , we cant move tectonic plating for you . 
  geography is a bitch !, 
  im fairly sure they did this in rush hour 3 or 4 or 8 or something . 
  http://www.exchangemagazine.com/morningpost/2014/week46/friday/foodsaftey-2014.pdf according to studies us food safety ranking put the us up there . 
  higher then most european countries in fact so i think we can safely say food safety in on par on the whole . 
  special-relationship bros-for-life !, 
  well thats why we pay for the dod . 
  or if your euroepan the ministry of defense . 
  the point is to plan , so your not caught with your pants down . 
  sun tzu come to mind . 
   the art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy 's not coming , but on our own readiness to receive him ; not on the chance of his not attacking , but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable . 
  yes this !, 
  aussie-us-uk-canada-new zeland . 
  bromance alliance !, 
  the us-mexico boarder is not that violent , there is violence to be sure , some drugs and cartels , but its not a war zone.most of it is uninhabited , save the rio grande valley the rest of the boarder is a giant dessert your more likely to not see anyone for days then die violently . 
  besides this is not a scenario where cartels are out to overthrow the government . 
  plus brazil and venezuela are far away . 
  venezuela is 3,315 km away and brazil is 6,792 km . 
  caracas to dc is a greater distance then london to istanbul , and brazil is twice as far as that . 
  mexico has problem but not , a foreign nation has annexed regions of the country and a state of war has been declared bad . 
  or the government has fallen apart and open civil war is occurring bad . 
  actually the baltic and romania can be overrun with the current russian boarder force . 
  nato has admitted that the baltic nato force could not hold out longer then 72 hours against the current russian boarder force . 
  all three capitals would be in russian hands by day two . 
  nato plans call for liberation of the regions . 
  the question being will germany or other eu/nato members cut a deal with russia to stay neutral to avoid war , a war which will be bloody costing a great deal of blood and treasure . 
  it would not be the first time western europe has sacrificed eastern europe to avoid war . 
  so you are saying that if russia invades the baltic france will use its nuclear weapons on russia . 
  whats the difference comes to mind between the baltic and ukraine . 
  the russians can take all of the baltic in 72 hours , nato acknowledges this . 
  will france fight a bloody war to liberate these countries or cut a deal with russia . 
  history says deal and appeasement . 
   every boarder region the difference being we started that shit half a world away , mexico , the caribbean , and canada are not war torn like syria , libya , ukraine and georgia . 
  there is the fundamental capacity of logistics . 
  if a coup occurs in mexico ( 99.99 % impossible ) the us can be there in country by days end with 100,000 men and more to follow . 
  this is something europe does not have , or has proven it cant do . 
  securing the boarder regions is key in defense , buffer states . 
  america may shit in iraq but europe took a shit in libya , the rule being do n't shit in your own backyard . 
  the us is pivoting to asia , like it or not europe is not as important as it once was , who will fill the power vacuum left behind is the question and russia has proven it is more decisive then europe . 
  your talking as if europe is singular . 
  take a scenario , lets say russia invades the baltic , nato itself has even admitted that the baltic nato force would not last longer then 72 hours as it stands now . 
  russia would be rolling into tallinn by day two . 
  so nato would have to liberate the region . 
  but what if putin stopped right there . 
  he does n't move his forces out of latvia , lithuania and estonia . 
  not forward to the rest of europe or back to russia what will europe do then . 
  if russia offers peace will germany take it to avoid open war ? 
  will france or gb . 
  a war with russia would not be easily won it would drag out and cost alot of treasure and blood . 
  europe is a paper tiger , without a singular military it would be easy to find a gap and exploit it . 
  ukraine has shown otherwise , if russia pulls a stunt in the baltic , will germany , france , and spain help ? 
  they say so by treaty obligation but this wont be the first time western europe has gone with appeasement and broken treaties to let larger powers goble up eastern europe . 
  will germany go to war with russia for latvia , polls say no . 
  putin has become very good at driving wedges into the eu and exploiting those gaps .
