well yes , but its also useful for gauging our response times as well . 
  i just get a question mark , which is odd . 
  thanks though . 
  i ca n't for the likes of me recognise that tiny little flag , where is it exactly ? 
  am i missing something , or are the falklands missing as well ? 
   [ although the english legal system is founded on common law , that is not to say that statutes are any less binding . 
  in fact , statute law codifies certain rules whereas the common law provides interpretations , and clarification when facts of instant cases are applied to the codified law . 
  as a result , the common law and statute law complement each other well : common law keeps statute law up to date and in keeping with modern problems and solutions , as well as creating precedent where there is no statutory codification . 
  ] ( http://www.courtroomadvice.co.uk/common-law-england.html ), 
  that was ppp adjusted . 
  apple and ms cross licence to each other , so theres never a patent issue between the two . 
  for theuk atlas they 've just selected regions and listed those , rather than just cities . 
  and i assume inner-west london is a region in on its self . 
  skype was an eu based service . 
  it did . 
  but nobody said it was rational . 
  that said , i do n't know enough to judge either way . 
  its pretty much a blacklisted idea in the uk . 
  the whole crisis and recent troubles for france and germany sealed the deal for the foreseeable future . 
  i hope you 're joking ? 
  the primary language here is english . 
  but the majority are ethinic chinese so speak their dialect ( s ) as well , along with a few others . 
  the uk has a policy and it 's [ extremely negative ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2b90hi/well_freeze_russian_billions_furious_cameron/ ) towards russia . 
  he was just making the point of the top 3 countries on that list . 
  australia is no . 
  6 and new zealand is not even on the list . 
  plenty , every country which offers tax/cash benefits for marriage and/or children is attempting to improve birthrates . 
  this is absurd , one of those you mentioned has been dead for what is approaching 15 years and the other videos are years old . 
  frankly , nobody has eve the slightest concern for belgium , neither positive nor negative . 
  there is nothing wrong with trying to help people frankly , it should n't be punished , but it should be encouraged . 
  although i will agree it needs a little discretion . 
  the 2 minutes that it takes to go through immigrations is n't really problematic , and its a total non issue if you have a biometrics passport , just use the automated gates . 
  this agreement predates the eu . 
  to keep the economies afloat . 
  freedom of movement does n't carry any implications of citizenship in the receiving country , you 're immigrating into that country . 
  it does n't really matter where you 're from , it is immigration . 
  and its a stretch to say you 're a citizen of the eu , if a country was to leave the eu all citizens of that country would loose all rights related to it with no option to retain them , so it would be an awfully large stretch to define your self as a citizen of the eu . 
  the eu is n't a federation , and at the moment i dont think it should , or could be one . 
  aberdoinians get some stick over it as well , do n't they ? 
  also the uk rates are backed by an extremely favourable loan , so are in effect a graduate tax rather than a straight up fee . 
  it think reddit creates microcosms where the vocal minority is much more visible . 
  but a lot of people are quite vocal about it in glasgow . 
  thats always a problem . 
  yeah , i had my numbers wrong ; sorry about that . 
  i think i was mixing the cost of the f22 in as well , which is just frighteningly expensive . 
  to be honest , the actual per plane cost is fairly low , form what i remember its cheaper per plane than the eurofighter , rafale or the gripen . 
  it does n't imply that we would be part of it , so read it how you will . 
  i really do n't know , the hypnotises is that it was very debt heavy growth previously , but i do n't have any conclusive evidence either way . 
  [ ive said it before and it still holds : ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/372wdp/joseph_stiglitz_gdp_per_capita_in_the_uk_is_lower/crjb2y4 )  theres more to it that that . 
  more than 20 % of the uk gdp was wiped out on by 2008 . 
  its still gone up by by nearly 5000 per person . 
  2007 -  2008 -  2015 uk : 48.3 -  37.0 -  41.8 france : 45.4 -  40.7 -  42.5 germany : 45.4 -  41.7 -  46.2 us : 48.4 -  47.0 -  53.0  it has recovered , but the uk was hurt extremely badly by the recession , much more so than most countries . 
  infact , it has recovered more than germany has , but it also lost more than twice what germany did . 
  i think its more an issue that that is the corollary of your statement . 
  frankly , you probably would have been better not being so specific . 
  perhaps , but the countries responsible for the issues should shoulder the blame and i fail to see where the uk fits into that . 
  also , the uk is shouldering some of the issues through the imf ; limited as it may be . 
  i distinctly remember the original article mentioning a written agreement , but i have neither the time nor the inclanation to dig it up and check . 
  and i do n't know enough about the terms of the loan to argue that line atm . 
  but they are party to the negotiations and frankly this money is to be used for their benifit . 
  whoops , apologies . 
  that was a case of having the debt repayment forced on us , despite agreements to the contrary . 
  frankly , i could n't care less about the debt its self ; its the principle of the matter . 
  how can you trust an institution who 's word is n't worth the literal paper it is written on ? 
  if there was evidence to that effect , someone would have come forwards with it , if only for political reasons . 
  if it shows up tomorrow , fair enough , but logically i dont see it happening . 
  the uk , france and germany all have a significant stake on the imf . 
  we are n't , there was a graph a few days ago and the uk came 4th in terms of disagreeing with further integration . 
  well they migrated when they were tiny ( 12 employees iirc ) and afaik they have nothing to do with the founders anymore . 
  so effectively , they are , since their hq and incorporation are here . 
  no , from an outsiders perspective it 's about saving your selves the only way you know how , by trying to save them . 
  but politics stops you from really committing to help them or let them drown and you end up with this half arsed kerfuffle . 
  to some extent true but it 's not the full story , you seem to forget that access to each other 's markets is unilateral , they may gain access to a small and relitivly less affluent market but you gain access to a very large and generally more avoid the market that would buy your goods as well . 
  there is a short term brain drain , but a proportion always returns and brings with them money/experience/etc . 
  there is one thing that i may contest , it 's not just about national gains , they also provide personal gains , that 's where poorer countries be if it , more opportunities for the young . 
  you also get borderless travel through mainland europe and this is the price of that . 
  italy ( and others ) enforce the border for europe by virtue of geographical happenstance and you essentially ` pay ' for the privilege of not doing so your self by shouldering some of the expenses . 
  they 're fixing something that labour intentionally did for political capital . 
  if they thought it would be such a good policy they would have done it earlier in their term . 
  they 're already raising minimum wage so that should help . 
  chances are they fingerprinted you , which a lot of countries are doing now . 
  also their absolute gdp is dropping . 
  the 2007 -  2008 -  2009 jump is hardly a surprise , and the rest appears to be trending downwards . 
  perhaps , but it certainly does n't support it . 
  its a strawman argument , in no way is beating the shit out of someone equal in violence to a slap . 
  and yes , i am aware its a comparison of a child to an adult , but even then , it does n't hold . 
  thats hardly an equal comparison . 
  that 's a grammatical error , stop being so pedantic . 
  we should be just below germany i believe . 
  ah , they 're technically obliged to do it , but many hospitals are refusing to honour the system correctly . 
  we 're not the ones with unmanageable population growth , dropping rates here dont really solve the problems in those countries with the real problems . 
  a lot of the problems are that the international rail links are n't as great and the uk has very old rail links , which are incredibly windy and hence slow . 
  are n't they being investigated for this ? 
  he is really not that bad , this sub just has its biases , the same as any other . 
  why exactly is this a zero sum game ? 
  life is about compromises , until everyone has the same needs , you ca n't treat them the same . 
  yes , but the uk covers those costs , does it not ? 
  people who work with kids are already vetted , are t they ? 
  there is nothing wrong with a deficit in principle , you just have to manage it properly . 
  the actual against side is substantially similar , around 9 % higher , but there is a very large % of people who are ` do n't know ' .
