  and the fund was set up by him and samaras . 
  schauble wants greece to transfer its assets to a group he controls :  the press project has done some digging on the luxembourg `` institution for growth '' to which the 4-page eurogroup paper demands that $ 50bn of greek state property must be transferred . 
  guess what . 
  this luxembourg `` institution '' is wholly owned subsidiary of german kfw and the chairman of its board is a certain wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  you speak for the entire eurogroup now ? 
  or are you just incredibly naive ? 
  what does that have to do with actively campaigning for `` regime change '' and actively sabotaging every attempt of syriza to negotiate better terms to provide more growth ? 
  the northern european countries actively campaigned in greece for nd , despite their corruption , pushed against every proposed syriza reform ( even going after the lagarde list of tax wealthy tax-evaders ) , and spread plenty of misinformation about the greek referendum . 
  if the eu is set up the way it is because they want to protect national sovereignty , its members have a shit way of showing it . 
  why waste my energy on someone who can do nothing but whine about made-up debate rules he barely even understands ? 
  seeing as you have yet to say anything of substance and have n't addressed the context of anything i say , there is n't much to muster or argue against . 
  you 're setting up a beautiful strawman to attack , but it 's just that . 
  looking around , i believe you are correct , my mistake . 
  switch the u to a z in my previous posts , 
  it seems like the northern european ministers were saying it was all about eu membership during the referendum . 
  they froze two minor reforms of the 5 years worth of reforms in reaction to their effects on their citizens . 
  clearly history 's greatest monsters . 
  also `` you do n't agree with me so therefore you 're not actually interested in this . '', 
  how 's the current system working out ? 
  what i 'm saying is that a confederation pretty much never works for long because of weak central authority and competing interests of the parties involved . 
  we saw that in the usa with the aoc and with the confederacy during our civil war . 
  we are seeing that now with the eu . 
  if the people of europe are unwilling to come together in a full union , then these crises ( which are bound to happen in the eu system ) will continue , and that 's their problem . 
  it 's sad , too , because a full union could be a beacon of social democracy for the rest of the world , but instead it 's too consumed with itself ( and fighting itself ) to really do anything on the world stage . 
   huh-huh . 
  are you doing it on purpose ? 
  so you do n't see the cartoon as racist at all ? 
  maybe you think it is accurate ? 
  protip : this makes you the racist . 
   this is the part where you 're supposed to explain what 's different . 
  not liking the german government 's proscriptions and positions in this and railing against it as it destroys your country is a little bit different from publishing cartoons that are made to resemble anti-semitic propaganda with a different target . 
  i 'm accusing you of violating the rules of good faith arguing constantly . 
  you sure did an excellent job of that when you jumped into the conversation with this stunning piece of rhetorical wizardry :  ya okay , the side you 're not on is made up of totally misinformed and utterly racist morons , great analysis . 
  you struck a blow for the oppressed today . 
  why do n't you fuck off ? 
  --  i ca n't find it now , i think it was on slatestarcodex , but anyway , what you 're doing is you assume the opponent is wrong , then you give the reasons why it is so : `` he has blinders , he is deluded , he has prejudice , he projects , etc ' . 
  the fallacy being that you 're assuming what you should prove , you 're not explaining what makes his beliefs wrong of themselves . 
  pointing out your logical fallacies is doing just that . 
  you have yet to provide any position to argue against other than that i should ` fuck off ' and that a racist cartoon is n't racist . 
  meanwhile , i 've posted actual positions and actual things that have happened , and you 've been unable to address them directly , instead accusing me of ad hominem attacks and using for your examples things i did n't say , while projecting some other meaning onto what i actually said . 
  the irony is so delicious i might have to see a doctor . 
  also , i never said you were delusional . 
  please learn the meaning of ` if ' and how such a construction is used . 
   i see no racism . 
  or is the anti-german sentiment coming out of greece racist too ? 
  those blinders must be on tight , then . 
  also , that false equivalence . 
   you 're incapable of discussing anything without pretending the other side is mentally damaged in some way every few words . 
  you suck at this . 
  while i do enjoy your butthurt , you realize you 're doing the very thing you accuse me of , right ? 
  and that you are projecting ( read how little sense your first post makes in relation to what i actually said , not what you think i said ) ? 
  and that you 're unsuccessfully cutting off the context of the ` deluded ' context to make it look like i 'm just calling your deluded ? 
  i 'm not pretending some amorphous other side is mentally damaged , but you might be , judging from your responses . 
  yeah , i 'm still not saying that . 
  project much ? 
  i did n't say that , but if you think the attention has n't been turned away from the banks that you bailed out and onto greeks themselves , then you 're deluded . 
  but no [ there has been no racism ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cfw02/dutch_cartoonist_jos_collignon_sums_up_the_greek/ ) against [ greeks whatsoever ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-greek_sentiment#western_europe ) . 
  so now it 's clear to me you have n't been following this at all over the last 5 years . 
  greece has been implementing nearly all the reforms since this crisis started and it has done nothing for the economy , just bailed out western banks on the back of european taxpayers who are then easily duped into their favorite tradition , racism . 
  the dirty lazy greeks took our monies and want more !, 
  i 'm not sure what mandate you are talking about , as neither their win in january nor the referendum was explicitly about a debt write-off . 
  you mean like constantly trying to meet troika demands while simultaneously trying to not dig greece deeper into the hole the austerity measures have put it in ? 
  they are two opposite ends but it 's clear to me that they are trying , while germany , finland , and others clearly do n't want greece in the eu, 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you 're getting at , but qe has been done in europe with some success ( specifically by the ecb with draghi at the helm ) , so i do n't think the usd being a dominant reserve currency has much to do with the feasibility of qe either . 
  whether qe can work for one country in the union is an interesting question that i do n't have the expertise to speculate on , though . 
  i think the answer to all this mess is a transfer union , but i doubt we 'll see one any time soon . 
  in my ( limited - i 'm second-generation greek-american ) experience , it generally just sounds like a ` z ' , but z itself may sound different even between english and dutch !, 
  i do know that the word ` zeta ' is transliterated and spelled that way , but according to [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zeta ) the ancient greek pronunciation was more similar to a ` dz ' than in modern greek . 
  bonds are n't investments now ? 
  i always knew you lived in a weird alternate reality , but wow . 
  you are the one who brought up creditworthiness . 
  we could also make investments in a country with a notoriously shaken and corrupt economy , since the taxpayers will just bail us out when these investments fail !, 
  - european banks, 
   if you are less credit-worthy , sometimes it 's not that easy to do qe . 
  the northern and western european countries [ have the same or higher credit rating than the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_credit_rating ) . 
  because he did n't really lie about it , his speeches underlined this fact around the time of the referendum . 
  [ this short piece ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/10/greek-crisis-deal-hopes-mps-vote-tsipras-live#block-559fa623e4b07fc6a121f6f7 ) shows some of the attitudes on the street . 
  we could enforce austerity for 5 years and jack up that debt-to-gdp ratio !, 
  we dealt with a greater problem in the opposite way and are doing pretty well for it now . 
  just ` zeta , ' and that form of sigma is used at the end of any word , which is what i think you meant , 
  previous deal was short term , did n't address debt . 
  current deal is longer term and the debt is now on the table . 
  the referendum was to show the eu and the hardliners in syriza that tsipras still has a mandate , and that 's how it was presented in greece . 
  foreign press was full of propaganda clickbait . 
  the second bailout was short term and did n't address debt sustainability . 
  this is longer term and now they have a reason to discuss the debt itself and restructuring . 
  you 're pissed because you have n't been following this story closely enough , it seems . 
  no , you see this is all still part of their plan to exit the euro like they * really * want !, 
  no , because you 're using pretty ridiculous ( half-remembered ballpark figures , not even including food ) standards to compare costs of living . 
  [ by any measure romania is cheaper than greece ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=greece&amp;country2=romania ) . 
  you 're right , i missed the one sentence that shows a practice that contradicts how the rest of the world determines poverty line . 
  anyways , that argument still misses the point , since that measure fails to account for ppp or any other useful metric for comparing different economies . 
  i like how you were downvoted for pointing out that reforms did occur , it 's like no posters here have followed this story for more than a week . 
   ~ ~ the `` poverty line '' is calculated at 60 % of the median wage , which is inflated by income inequality . 
  for romania the poverty line is at 116eur , for greece it 's apparently somewhere around 600eur . 
  that just means they have a high median wage , not that they 're starving . ~ ~ ~ ~ [ many lols ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty_threshold ) ~ ~ disregard , i ca n't read . 
  using just relative poverty is ass-backwards , though , and is an extremely poor method of comparing poverty in different economies . 
  what evidence do you have that it 's arbitrary , besides you not liking it ? 
  and do you really understand so little about economics that you think you can compare countries directly ? 
  lol,
