in other words , things were finally getting back before the `` hero of the people '' started to have a fit and renegotiated the deal people were hailing the gdp declining before that ( after equally small gains under nd ) as being syriza 's fault . 
  syriza can only do bad !, 
  austerity for all !, 
   b ) the new deal being worse . 
  this is my favorite fiction . 
  the new deal is longer term , allows greek control over privatization , and a few other things that were sticking points in the original negotiations . 
  [ fear , uncertainty , and doubt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fear,_uncertainty_and_doubt ) - but i always like to define it as ` fucked up details . ', 
  still has nothing to do with this new bailout package , or any of the ones enacted since 2010 . 
  why are you citing an article from 2010 when referring to a new loan from the imf in 2015 ? 
  so greece is , you 're saying , * culturally * prone to racking up debt ? 
  their * race * is just irresponsible ? 
  all of them , right ? 
  i believe it is . 
  sweden is [ known ] ( http://www.steroidlaw.com/2011/05/muscle-profiling-by-swedish-police/ ) for its [ muscle profiling ] ( http://www.rxmuscle.com/articles/latest-news/2607-a-swede-talks-about-muscle-profiling-in-sweden.html ) of bodybuilders , so it does n't seem like a stretch to profile other things . 
  i think it 's just a part of swedish law , but it 's pretty ass-backwards . 
  maybe read from the long list of criticisms from the wikipedia article you linked to for a start . 
  and beat immigrants , and have their own swastika . 
  lol i 've done it every post , but whatever it takes to make you feel better . 
  enjoy your tendies . 
   also spreading lies about a better deal this is better than the deal that was rejected in many ways - it is a 3 year deal ( instead of 6 months ) and has the possibility of debt relief . 
  these were some of the main issues greece had with the 2nd deal , which greece and the rest of the eu were very close on . 
  the reflection of that risk is the interest rate on those bonds , though . 
  i get what you 're saying , but i do n't think this is the best example . 
  makes sense to me , you can disagree with your party leaders from time to time but still want them in power . 
  but that 's probably because i 'm used to a presidential system . 
  the stability is nice , lack of proportional representation kinda sucks . 
  i 'm stunned that somebody exists that can apparently access the internet but has absolutely no reading comprehension whatsoever . 
  thanks for the laughs . 
   not true . 
  i made it pretty clear as to why . 
  you have refused to address it . 
  i 've addressed it in most of my replies , you 've just been too dense to understand that , clearly . 
   ... but either interpretation does n't match what you are claiming you said now . 
  yes it does . 
  english is n't your first language , is it ? 
   and neither one is what you claim it to refer to now . 
  lolwut  you disagree ? 
  quote the original statement and tell me how it could ever reasonably be interpreted to mean what you claim now ? 
  i really need to say the same thing 10 more times ? 
  you still wo n't get it . 
   ignores the actual context of what they were talking about . 
  you know , the actual dialog ? 
  that context matters more than your supposed targeted audience ( which is a reach , at best ) . 
   ignores the actual context of what they were talking about . 
  you know , the actual dialog ? 
  that context matters more than your supposed targeted audience ( which is a reach , at best ) . 
   ignores the actual context of what they were talking about . 
  you know , the actual dialog ? 
  that context matters more than your supposed targeted audience ( which is a reach , at best ) . 
   ignores the actual context of what they were talking about . 
  you know , the actual dialog ? 
  that context matters more than your supposed targeted audience ( which is a reach , at best ) . 
   ignores the actual context of what they were talking about . 
  you know , the actual dialog ? 
  that context matters more than your supposed targeted audience ( which is a reach , at best ) . 
   ignores the actual context of what they were talking about . 
  you know , the actual dialog ? 
  that context matters more than your supposed targeted audience ( which is a reach , at best ) . 
  ` that ' refers to the previous sentence ( like it usually does ) , specifically the phrase `` the actual dialog . '', 
  a dialog is a conversation between two people . 
  ` that context matters more than ' - the context of the dialog matters more ( for interpreting the meaning of the word ) than ` your supposed targeted audience ' - the so-called context you are ranting about . 
  ` which is a reach at best ' refers to your claim that the target audience is the only context to use when deciding the most accurate translation of the word he used . 
  get it yet ? 
  i doubt it . 
  please do n't ever become a translator , you 'd be terrible at it . 
   i bet you wo n't do it . 
  i bet you 'll just make more foolish personal attacks and avoid the question . 
  go on , prove me right . 
  i 've answered everything you 've said in excruciating detail , and yet the personal attacks are all that make it through . 
  it was n't backtracking , i 'm saying the exact same thing in both sentences , at worst the one you quoted is very slightly ambiguous , but i 'm really not surprised that you ca n't even grasp that . 
  well , it 's ambiguous in isolation . 
  the context of the sentence ( there 's that thing you struggle with again ! ), 
  tells you which clause is being referred to with the reach statement . 
  using your style :  ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach . 
   ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach . 
   ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach . 
   ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach . 
   ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach . 
   ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach . 
   ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach . 
  got it yet ? 
  watching you try to evade my arguments while claiming that i am doing exactly what you are actually doing is highly entertaining . 
  please continue . 
  are n't you tired from all those mental gymnastics ? 
   shown evidence that this was n't the context ? 
  nope , you have n't done that . 
  cool strawman . 
  you should at least read the interview , but i suspect you still do n't understand the context of his words , meaning literally the dialog surrounding it and the events he is referring to . 
   shown `` why '' you feel it is a reach to say that the target audience was western europeans ? 
  nope , havne ' t do that either . 
  strawman again , i said ignoring the context in the text and claiming an intended audience as being the only context is a reach , and an intended audience hardly qualifies as context anyways . 
   shown what the words are and how they are homonyms ? 
  nope , sure as fuck did n't do that . 
  that was discussed in the thread you claim to have read . 
   seriously , man , these are all total lies from you at this point . 
  not that i expected much more from such a stereotypical american . 
   nope , you 're just too biased or stupid to do much other than copy and paste a sentence over and over again . 
  i figure it is better to assume bias than stupidity , but you 've been making a good case that you 're just an idiot . 
  i have , you 're just blindly copy and pasting your same presentation of context . 
  now show us on the doll where varoufakis touched you .
