  they do n't , but for the project to be successful and to avoid a greece scenario every decade or so , it seems necessary to have a transfer/fiscal union . 
  you 're probably just giving him a hard time , but many of us foreign greeks know the language ( i 'm fairly shitty at it , though ) and have a close kinship with the country while identifying as american , australian , whatever . 
  many of us come from fairly recent immigrants , mostly due to the civil war . 
  i 'm greek-american and have been asked about it constantly . 
  i 'm interested in it because of my family there , sure , but also because i think a big forceful repudiation of blanket austerity is important for future stability , and hope that this crisis actually pushes the eu into a closer and stronger union of liberal ( socially ) states . 
  do you understand that some words are n't perfect translations to other languages ? 
  [ there was a whole discussion about this just the other day ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c3cj6/yanis_varoufakis_accuses_creditors_of_terrorism/csrwv40 ) . 
  just because reading is hard for you does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  but then again , you 're apparently dumb enough to think syriza was in power in 2010 as well . 
  like jews with big noses and gold and drinking christian baby blood , right ? 
  why not complain to your governments when they transferred banks ' bad investments onto you ? 
  the terrorism thing was an awful translation . 
  the word also means `` reign of fear '' or of terror , which is a better translation . 
  saying they 're terrorists makes a better headline , though . 
  this is , just like everything else you 've ignored . 
  the early retirement provisions exist , sure , but they 've been vastly cut ( as i 've said ) and de-incentivized . 
  just because you do n't like being wrong does n't make a fact not a fact . 
  i like how you keep downvoting sourced facts . 
  it 's under the 2010 section , as these reforms ( which i explained in the post ) were enacted then . 
  no response to anything else still ? 
  fixed, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://martindale.cc.lehigh.edu/sites/martindale.cc.lehigh.edu/files/pension.pdf ) . 
  the system was reformed in 2010 to make retirement before 60 nearly impossible , by further cutting the portion of a pension ( since there is no social security ) you get of you do retire early , along with raising the age to retire with a full pension . 
  way to ignore the rest of the sourced facts , though . 
  because it has n't been presented as that being a 100 % certainty while saying at the same time the vote is on an offer that is n't on the table , right ? 
  both claims are mutually exclusive , so at least one must be a lie . 
  because it has n't been presented as that being a 100 % certainty while saying at the same time the vote is on an offer that is n't on the table , right ? 
  both claims are mutually exclusive , so at least one must be a lie . 
  if you like to think that , but from this subreddit you guys have a bigger boner for austrian school economic than ronald reagan . 
  yes , there is no way the troika representatives and the banks themselves have investments in the chinese firms that are trying to buy piraeus and other ports for next to nothing !, 
  nope , that might be unethical and we know the glorious bankers of europe would never do such a thing !, 
  as for austerity in other countries , they have vastly different economies , china has not implemented any form of austerity whatsoever ( and are in fact riding high on multiple state-sponsored bubbles ) , so i 'm not sure where you 're getting your misinformation from . 
  nice projection . 
  the early retirement age ( with a slashed pension ) was raised for public sector workers some time ago , and [ syriza has been offering to raise retirement with full pension at 67 ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/schuldensuehner/status/612917484266606592 ) ( compared to germany 's 63 ) . 
  greece spends such overall on pensions because 20 % of its population is over 65 , and per person over 65 , even if you include all pension payments paid out to those younger than 65 , greece is firmly in the [ median of the eu ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/bl-rtbb-4818 ) . 
   why are they in place now then ? 
  to prevent a panic run on banks . 
  they would n't have turned the economy around 5 years ago and that 's not what they 're doing now , nor is that the reason behind them . 
   no , but if it is important enough , people find a way to pay for it out of revenues . 
  apparently collecting taxes is less important to you than paying pensions to the wealthy or subsidising rich people on greek islands . 
  what revenues ? 
  the gdp has contracted worse thanks to austerity than even the us did during the great depression . 
  and yes , pensioners are so wealthy , with 45 % of them below the poverty line in greece , and still providing for their entire families because of youth unemployment around 50 % . 
  get over yourself and your false narrative . 
  terrorism is n't what he actually said . 
  recheck the top comments . 
  individually they have a greater interest in buying their ports up for pennies on the dollar and cheap vacation spots , as well as punishing anyone who shows that far-right austerity does n't work . 
  you 're essentially saying austerity must work despite 5 years of evidence to the contrary because the troika must want the money back of those they represent . 
  good luck pointing out proven economics every time ( it 's what we did in the us and it actually worked , while europe flounders and gets excited over a 1 % gdp raise over one quarter ) and trying not to get downvoted here . 
  it 's like our american far-right decided they wanted to be european . 
  i believe he 's referring to the eu propaganda claiming that a no vote is voting greece out of europe . 
  of course you were downvoted for this . 
  the average european reminds me of the average tea party hick here in the states . 
  they did phase out early retirement , pensions have been cut to their lowest numbers , capital controls would have done nothing ( besides further panic an already panicking market ) and you really think collecting taxes costs nothing ? 
  lol, 
  you 're willingly ignoring the main thrust of his campaign , which was attacking the corrupt oligarchs that ran pasok and nd and , in turn , ran greece into the ground . 
  they were n't even allowed to go after the lagarde list , and the troika wanted ( and actively campaigned for ) an nd win , despite the fact that they were notoriously corrupt . 
  if you think the troika gives half a shit about reforming greece 's real problems , you 're deluded . 
  i agree and it 's been an amazing project to anyone who understands european history . 
  the fact is , though , europe as a whole will not survive long as a gaggle of tiny states . 
  the sooner that that reality is faced , the better for liberal democracies around the world , at least imo . 
  i also do n't see any reason to throw out cultural differences in switch to a fiscal union , as those will remain in any countries that are physically far removed from each other . 
  in the us , despite roughly common ancestry ( an overwhelming amount of which , over its history was western european ) and the introduction of national radio and television broadcasting , still has managed to see distinct cultural differences develop without the long history or relative isolation of european countries . 
  i think the worry about cultural differences in setting up a fiscal union is overblown , to be honest . 
  the difficulty is getting the member states to act as a union , which we are seeing now . 
  they wo n't , and that 's their problem . 
  either go back into single , weak countries with national currencies , or move forward into full union . 
  this half-implemented shit is n't working right now ( except for germany who because of their anemic internal consumption take advantage of the fictional eur fixed rate by running a massive trade surplus at the expense of manufacturing in every smaller country in the ez ) . 
  either way the usa will continue having to subsidize your defense , so we are already paying for it . 
  ranting about debt alone makes you sound like our far-right tea partiers over here . 
  debt-to-gdp matters , and a [ 1 % growth of that over two years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/government-debt-to-gdp ) is hardly the fastest accumulation of debt in the world , even while essentially paying for europe 's defense . 
  nobody has said that . 
  the problem is that all these things cost money to implement , and greece has none of it . 
  syriza has been attempting ( and has promised ) most of the structural reforms that have been asked of it . 
  and so does every state in the us , and quite a few do n't give back to the federal government what they get in aid and federal programs . 
  yet we do n't have to panic about states leaving every few years . 
  i wonder why ? 
  we realized the problems with a weak union in the 1700s under the articles of confederation , and again when the confederacy got their asses handed to them in the civil war . 
  we also avoided the far-right 's austerity and have managed much better gdp and job growth than most of europe . 
  and it is n't when about greece being a black hole of corruption , because attempts have been made at implementing the reforms necessary to end state bribery , public sector bloat , etc. 
  but the troika would n't accept that . 
  if the eu wo n't even help with this , what will they do when a member state gets invaded ? 
  i think we already know what the polls have said in the subject . 
  tl ; dr get off your asses and implement a fiscal union already , or you 'll have this problem every 5 years while russia laughs at european disunity . 
  i 'm not referring to qe at all . 
  and since when was maternity leave an economic policy ? 
  come back when you figure out how a union actually is supposed to work , instead of half-assedly implementing one then crying about it not working , then refusing to actually do anything for unity . 
  look at how much we send each year to our poorer states and those that have to import more from other states than they can export . 
  that 's the whole point of a union . 
  it makes me feel warm and fuzzy that the usa has pursued more progressive economic policies than europe , and that europeans are now further to the right than the tea party , if posts in this subreddit are any indication . 
  you 're delusional if you think the oligarchs want syriza in power at all . 
  and a few times in this one . 
  and those that own the private broadcasters in greece are those that have been rich enough to profit off the status quo , and they are obviously against a ` no ' vote . 
  tycoons also do n't tend to like leftist movements in general . 
  propaganda is just as easily pushed by private citizens , if they are wealthy enough . 
   no , because these guys are hardly leaders of large internal coalitions in the democratic party . 
   i get reddit is super-duper excited about bernie sanders , but even if he won the dem nomination ( do n't hold your breath ) , it 's even less likely he 'd win the presidency . 
  some of them , such as bernie sanders , are on high-level committees . 
  sanders is on ( or will soon be on ) the senate budget committee , which is one of the more powerful ones . 
   makes it sound like a letter from the us congress to christine lagarde , the head of the imf , in some official capacity .
