  you should copy and paste that sentence a few more times , it shows how witty you are ( lol ) and ignores the actual * context of what they were talking about * . 
  you know , the actual dialog ? 
  that context matters more than your supposed targeted audience ( which is a reach , at best ) . 
   yet you offer no reason as to why the context that i 've listed a half dozen times would n't be the correct one to apply . 
  i have in pretty much every post , but it 's funny how all your other arguments have disappeared as they 've been addressed . 
  sticking to this one is an interesting choice , at best . 
   sure . 
  i do n't reject the obvious context it was written in so that i can translate it in a way to make the author look better . 
  you 're literally ignoring the actual dialog as context . 
   what word did he use in greek ? 
  if he meant `` bombs terrorism '' , would the word he used have been incorrect ? 
  you do n't know how homonyms work , do you ? 
   i gave the undisputed context the statement was made in . 
  here it is agai and the context of the actual dialog ? 
  any translator with any understanding of the language would understand he did n't mean literal bombs terrorism , and i know you think this is somehow impossible , but using context to figure out the most likely meaning of a word is the main part of a translator 's job . 
  i ask you again , have you ever translated anything , especially dialog , literature , or poetry . 
   the idea that i must have a vendetta because i do n't bend over backwards to rewrite his statements in a more conciliatory manner is just insane . 
  you mean dismissing the actual definitions of the greek words as somehow being biased ? 
  okay . 
   how else do you explain the fact that they ignored all the context that would suggest that their interpretation is not the correct one ? 
  pot meet kettle . 
  you 're literally ignoring the context of the dialog itself , instead trying to pretend that the only ` context ' is the supposed intended audience . 
   that fact that they ignored it means they are either too stupid to realize context matters or they are so invested in the alternative that they are basically forced to ingore it . 
  and again . 
  lmao, 
  of course , you 've done nothing but cement the obvious bad faith you have and the reaching to validate your seemingly personal vendetta with varoufakis . 
  but yes , those who know the language and its connotations are just biased . 
  sure . 
  thanks for all the laughs , though . 
    acknowledging that people speaking in their native tongue conversationally will likely use expressions common to their language without thinking about it is a typically american attitude ? 
   not taking into account cultural differences when speaking to an audience made up by outside cultures is certainly a stereotypical american attitude . 
  again i propose to you to try this in a real conversation in your native tongue to an outside audience composed of many different cultures . 
  and yes , it is the translator 's job to provide an accurate meaning to their translations , if posters here could do it , professional translators can too . 
  after all , that is a part of the job description . 
  have you never translated anything in your life ? 
  acknowledging that people speaking in their native tongue conversationally will likely use expressions common to their language without thinking about it is a typically american attitude ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  or is that a typically european attitude , to criticize someone because of where they are from and be totally ignorant of actual attitudes ( or even real stereotypes ) in that country ? 
  and if the translated word is `` correct '' but the meaning is n't , then that translation is n't , in fact , correct . 
   it is not nice that finland ends up contributing approx . 
  1000 $ per person ( in total , starting from 2010 bailout ) , because people could use that money at home . 
  but if that helps prevent chaos in greece , maybe there is this positive side to it . 
  i can definitely respect that , and hope for more solidarity within europe because there will always be imbalances in a union . 
  maybe one day the eu can federalize and have stronger cohesion to fend off threats like russia . 
  well with that kind of evidence , how could i disagree ? 
   or is it more likely that they guy who has been toxic since the start was making more toxic statements and now people are trying to make excuses for him the same way they make excuses for him when he said there would n't be capital controls or when he said that the banks would re-open last tuesday ? 
  the ` excuse ' that tsipras and others in the cabinet overrode his suggestions ( which may have allowed his promises to come to fruition ) * after * making those so-called promises ? 
   so what is more likely ? 
  varoufakis , who studied at essex and birmingham , did n't understand how his comments would be interpreted by a western european audience ? 
  i think it 's more likely that he was speaking in his native tongue using native expressions and did n't stop to think about the ramifications of mistranslations of his every word . 
  you know , like a human . 
   that is n't what i took away from the discussion involving many greeks in the thread on reddit the other day . 
  probably because you came into the discussion looking to confirm your preconceived notions about varoufakis and the situation in general . 
  so then why blame and everyday greek citizen ? 
  again , why are you paying to bail out foreign banks , and why not blame your leaders rather than an average greek for the situation ? 
  the scapegoating is insane . 
  he literally says he did n't want a grexit . 
  my impression from this subreddit is that complaining about others is romania 's national sport . 
  why did your leaders use you to bail out banks ' bad investments ? 
  because lazy greeks , of course !, 
  or no wait , it 's because they got their feefees hurt by being called terrorists ( let 's ignore the fact that they were n't ) !, 
  or because some hardline paper compared the troika to nazis !, 
  yeah that 's it !, 
  awesome thanks !, 
  i wanted to go with the greentext style ( it looks silly in reddit 's format ) , but i forgot how to escape reddit 's markdown . 
  not that it matters . 
   why would they ? 
  come on to prevent other leftist governments from being elected in other countries and doing the same , that much has been said many times over this shitshow . 
  i 'm glad the eu has signalled to the world how much of a joke it is , though . 
  just because he says something you do n't like does n't mean he 's lying . 
  i know you think the leaders of the eurogroup are just and altruistic , but news flash , they are n't . 
  we 've been through this a million times , they were n't called terrorists . 
  it was a shitty ( and wrong ) translation of the original greek . 
   ~ ~ audacious ~ ~ lazy , corrupt , fat , hairy , useless , smelly , leeching greeks are drawing parallels with nazi germany . . fixed that to be better in line with his views, 
  just because you do n't like it does n't make it untrue, 
  the 6 month plan was what the referendum was on and was rejected . 
  \\  implying that 's all that the agreements entail edit : thanks to / u/desteck i now know how to escape reddit markdown !, 
   before the euro crisis , i had no reason to ever think about their existence . 
  sure you do , it 's wise to invest . 
  the rest of your post has nothing to do with what i said , but i like the idea of the eu as well in theory , but the way it is set up it will never work . 
  let me remind you , though , that the same things about impossibilities of great wars because of economic entanglements were said just before wwi . 
  that may be / r/badhistory material , but it * is * something to consider . 
  i always thought it was part of their style guide to quote single words like that rather than them being scare quotes . 
  either way , it 's always been more of an annoyance to me than it should have been . 
  does nobody in here understand that they now have a 3 year plan instead of a 6 month plan ? 
  hardly favorable conditions , sure , but a pr win for greece ( worth next to nothing ) , the eu has been exposed as the joke that it is ( not good , considering russia , so once their soldiers go on a ` vacation ' again the us will have to bail out europe , like usual ) , and the can is punted a few blocks down , rather than kicked a little down the road . 
  no , the original deal was for 6 months and just kicking the can until the next crisis . 
  at the very least now there is a 3 year bailout plan . 
  because he 's a far-right troll . 
  look at his history . 
  because that would counter the circlejerk, 
  you 're going to get downvoted because i 'm pretty sure this sub has no idea what interest rates mean or how bonds work . 
  in america we call them uncle toms  and of course you 're downvoted to hell for pointing out the anti-greece circlejerk on here . 
  hence the negotiations . 
  the mere suggestion is appalling , though , and luckily much of the world agrees . 
  and the germany seizing and then selling off assets of a sovereign nation sounds okay to you ? 
  facepalm , indeed . 
   the reason the snap referendum pissed off so many people is because the greek people do n't fundamentally get a choice on whether they want to repay or not . 
  it just straight up has to be done . 
  good thing that was n't what the referendum was about .
