  yeah , i stopped visiting it . 
  it 's the / r/politics of spain . 
  i was actually talking about forocoches . 
  whataboutism this early in the morning ? 
  it does seems appropriate for zombie_lenin . 
  i 'd say spaniards , italian and french are in similar level . 
  probably due to the fact that russia has n't been an historical enemy of us . 
  spanish reditors are also mainly leftist ( see the many 2nd republic flags ) the left in spain is anti-usa and somehow that makes them pro-putin . 
  also spanish is not only spoken in spain , and latin-america is really , really anti usa . 
  i 'm sure it was indeed a mistake and they did n't want to shot down a civilian plane , but the fact is they did shoot it down , so i could n't care less if they are `` upset '' about it . 
  do n't expect me to feel bad for them . 
  the stories some pro-russian spanish are posting in forums are astonishing : it was ukraine trying to take down putin 's plane ( yeah ... really ) , it was a false flag attack , it was an ukrainian fighter , it could n't be the rebels because they do n't have the technology ( even though they have shot down several planes before ) and on and on . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  sorry , that 's way too much sympathy for those assholes . 
  this is no proof , indeed . 
  there is plenty of other proof though . 
  starting from all the posts of rebels bragging about shotting down the plane before knowing it was a civilian one , but also eye witnesses , us military reports saying the rocket was fired from rebel-controlled regions , etc. 
  for what i 'm seeing on internet in the last hours , i think they 've decided to try and blame the ukrainian government . 
  how little it takes for them to tag the victims as spies . 
  * we just shot down a civilian ... * spies !, 
  * lots of women and child ... * spies i say, 
  nope , i just linked twitter . 
  i think it 's still visible in my profile . 
  and i thought this subreddit had an anti-russian bias ... 
  what the hell , what 's going on ? 
  i do see it . 
  wtf, 
  i posted that and it is not deleted :p edit : wtf, 
  yeah , we all know what is usa 's approach to things , and i am more than happy that the eu has a different one . 
  all that is not really europe 's problem . 
  against , europe is no alliance with ukraine and has no obligation of being the world 's police . 
  but it does have an obligation of protecting its citizens form being murdered like this . 
  yes , but it 's not something that ` just happened ' . 
  russia and the rebels have the obligation of cooperate to hand over whoever did this to europe to be judged . 
  if they do n't , europe has the obligation of taking measures against them . 
  this was n't a disaster , it was a terrorist attack . 
  [ apparently , donetsk resistance 's leader confirmed on fb/vk they shot down the plane . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/stateofukraine/status/489802664264212480/photo/1 ) : translation : `` we just shot down an an-26 . 
  we warned them : do not flight over our area . 
  we have shot down another one . 
  a su , i think '' . 
  edit : apparently , he took down that comment from vk . 
  but [ this is still posted on his twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/strelkov_info/status/489766809361723393 ) : 17.07.2014 17:37 ( msk ) message from the militia . 
  / / in the area of snow just knocked the an-26 , lying somewhere, 
  well , ukraine is not eu or nato and the eu is not the world 's police . 
  sorry , but a lot more than some dead ukrainians have to happen for the eu to antagonize russia . 
  the question now is if a shot down plane full of europeans will be enough . 
  europe should start preparing for a very cold winter . 
  fuck everything about this . 
  they do n't have any gays in italy . 
  so what 's the difference between being extradited from uk or sweden ? 
  the point is he 'd have ended up in us , where he 'd be facing a similar situation as snowden . 
  then he 'd been extradited to us before the `` rape '' charges were dropped . 
  gas . 
  most people in spain were supporting germany . 
  germany 's still well liked here and our relation with our latin american `` brothers '' is never all that great . 
  well , either extreme is wrong . 
  i can tell because in pre 2008 spain , many people would base their vote on what the candidates promised to build next . 
  airports , highways , new metro lines , stadiums , resorts , anything really . 
  people used to see the building of any new infrastructure as progress , regardless of profitability , efficiency or actual need for it . 
  anti-hispanism in this subreddit never ceases to amaze me . 
  there has n't been any recent move from the spanish part on gibraltar , and yet , here is this 2009 article on the front-page . 
  gon na submit an article about hungary 's position on trianon , greece 's megali idea or the absurd british claims on the antarctica . 
  itt people are the same everywhere . 
  hugo chavez leftist , or that 's what they say now that they 're not in power . 
  probably milder if they were . 
  what we should actually do is leave nato . 
  nato wo n't help against morocco , which is like the only country we could seriously have war with , and in the other hand being in nato means we have to follow usa 's world view , oppose russia ( that represent almost zero risk to spain ) and go into wars like afghanistan that mean a huge waste of money . 
  northern ? 
  maybe . 
  western ? 
  how the hell did we end up in south-eastern europe ? 
  and estonia is north-western ? 
  they 're doing it against a country that was trying to have better relations with the ue . 
  in fact , that 's the main reason why they 're tearing apart ukraine . 
  therefore it 's an hostile act against the ue as a whole , which is not just something that `` happens always and by ( almost ) every other nation '' . 
  good luck with that . 
  nato would declare war , but poland would be lost for sure . 
  the defense line would be germany . 
  it 's that or the eu will diminish . 
  people are becoming too weary of germany 's power within the current ue to allow for further economic integration without a more centralized european government . 
  it is not . 
  22 % sounds even too high . 
  i 've seen the same in both german and spanish sites , so it may be an european thing . 
  / u/user _ history_bot axtolip, 
  you will enjoy then the [ overwhelmingly large telescope ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overwhelmingly_large_telescope ) . 
  coal can be imported from many many countries , including eu ones . 
  portugal : true neutral . 
  why do we still have 1 cent coins ? 
  i do n't blame merkel . 
  i blame spaniard politicians by joining a currency ruled from berlin . 
  we need ** out ** . 
  color saturation edition does that ... 
  and that 's one of the reasons why german unemployment is quite low . 
  it 's not italy 's immigration problem , but europe 's . 
  most of those guys will continue their journey to the north , so it \u00a1 s time the eu gets his hands on the subject as well . 
  same in spanish . 
  in some cases you can use embarazoso o inc\u00f3modo , but they have different connotations , and do n't work for people . 
  friki means pretty much the same . 
  yeah , unlike madrid 's four chimneys ...
