  otherwise i 'm sure you could see the germans in the spanish coast just like you can see the british . 
  that is an analysis based on an attack of the soviet union over europe . 
  back then both sides were almost equal , and soviet 's land army was much stronger than europe 's alone . 
  today , russian land army is smaller than the one of european nato countries , and its millitary budget is considerably smaller . 
  it 's well within posible that the baltic countries could be defended . 
  if europe had time to prepare , it 's even possible that they would n't be able to put a foot past the border . 
  yeah , in 2008 spain had no choice but austerity . 
  but in 1999 spain had the choice not to join the eurozone and not to let its whole monetary policy in the hands of people who would only have in mind the interest of other countries and not spain . 
  china planting chinese han in tibet . 
  spain : * ** we drink mostly wine . 
  ** no , most people drink way more beer than wine , even though our average wine is way better than our average beer . 
  * ** we sleep siesta . 
  ** false for the vast mayority of spaniards . 
  some retired people do . 
  * ( related ) ** shops close from 2 to 5 so we can sleep siesta . 
  shops do close from 2 to 5 but it has nothing to do with sleeping . 
  so are the others . 
  did azerbeijan plan azeries in iran to claim its land ? 
  did argentina send any colonist to the falklands ? 
  madrid region is richer that catalonia as well . 
  also catalonia has one of the biggest debts . 
  even the poor indian guy that no one here has ever heard about . 
   had people shouting `` gringo '' catalonians using a mexican-only word to insult you ? 
  yeah , your story matches up . 
  last graph on the original post is actually quite depressing . 
  i 'm too busy investing in eastern poland . 
  like some sort of commonwealth , maybe ? 
  sure , sure , because muslims never ever conquered christian land . 
  when are we getting repayment for the fall of byzantium ? 
  and the invasion of iberian peninsula ? 
  or northern africa ? 
  or pretty much every middle eastern arabic country since christianity in the region pre-dated islam ? 
  spanish in duolingo is a bit of a mess , since it tries to apply to all spanish dialects . 
  also , mexican spanish is the most spoken and most taught in usa , but in europe spain 's spanish is more widely taught . 
  they still beat all the others ... ^ just ^ kidding ^ franchutes, 
   they believe that spain is going to break into pieces so crazy ... yeah ... 
  spring follows winter, 
  portugal is good for visitor . 
  very family enjoyments and goods in portugal is great . 
  rug - what ? 
  also - ado for participes - ando for gerunds and - ar/er/ir for infinitives, 
  you 've got to be kidding me, 
  we really do n't ... 
  makes sense . 
  the development of cancer seems to be a stochastic process , so the bigger you are , the more cells and the more chances for it to start . 
  i 'm guessing they 'll say something like loh-reek, 
  the influx is only going to increase and increase . 
  i 'm not talking about middle eastern people , whose countries hopefully will eventually become at least more stable than now . 
  but as other poster said africa is expected to surpass asia in population and they * will * come to europe in mass . 
  we 're talking several times the current population of europe . 
  an invasion like that usually does n't lead to pretty things . 
  it seems its definition of decriminalized is too wide . 
  it marks spain and portugal as the same color , when afaik in portugal is ok to smoke cannabis even in front of the police but in spain , while you wo n't be prosecuted or anything , you will get fined . 
  the pic is a joke based on the original , go check what 's listed for russia . 
  what ? 
  [ no , it has not been posted before in here ] ( http://karmadecay.com/results/u5939071 ) . 
  maybe one reason why so many adult spaniards still live with mom ... 
  c'mon guys , it will . 
  we were above 25 % some months ago and were first in unemployment ahead of you . 
  you guys have a beautiful country and educated youth . 
  you will get better in the future , even if it takes time . 
  why do you guys care about that ? 
  try to make eastern europe better by improving your countries instead of just taking some more prestigious label . 
  that was actually hilarious . 
  that 's fine . 
  we do n't need a second andalucia or extended extremadura either . 
  because anything right of psoe is literally fascism . 
  you 're using the spanish flag as flair for trolling , which is beyond disrespectful . 
  if i had to put the estelada as my flair and start posting troll comments mocking the opinions of the independentists how would you call it ? 
  you seem butt-hurt . 
  was losing the referendum too much to handle ? 
  `` migrations '', 
   been independentist since before then so you admit being an independentist even before understanding politics ? 
  and then you guys still say that there 's no indoctrination . 
  thanks for spelling out the joke . 
  no one would have got it otherwise . 
  a suicidal guy killing his own children in his own suicide attempt ! = a guy killing his daughter for having condoms . 
  they 're not even related . 
  the fact that you 're bringing this up shows that there are some people willing to find a way to downplay anything these people do . 
  that does n't have anything to do with it . 
  but it 's ok , you just need to keep working on your mental gymnastics . 
  the idea is dumb as fuck . 
  this would only extend the sahara to the alps , the carpathians and the pyrenees . 
  there 's a reason why central asia is a huge desert . 
  the only pattern i see is that closest to morocco -  more weed . 
  which makes total sense by the way . 
  yeah , there 's still some maps where the shape of spain is just floating on a white background or whatever . 
  i do n't see the problem with that though ? 
  so what 's the stereotype about the spanish ? 
  self-aggrandizing douches ? 
  bipartidism is far from over given the current electoral laws . 
  the next election may well be again bipartite , pp vs podemos . 
  i doubt ciudadanos will be able to keep his support outside of catalonia , since they could n't distinguish themselves clearly enough from pp . 
  there used to be two schools of history : one , hegelian , materialistic , saw all history as the result of the material conditions of the world : geography , resources , demography ; while the other followed the `` great man theory '' and saw history as the result of the decision 's of a number of leaders and influential people who shaped the world . 
  guess which one has been discredited since the 19th century . 
  it would n't have mattered if the chinese emperor was a genius leader or the queen victoria had been born retarded . 
  it may have delayed , changed names , places , dates , but england still would have gone through the industrial revolution , and china was still a too big and rich of a market not to be exploited by the industrial nations . 
  africa had tribes and kingdoms that successfully resisted the europeans thanks to their leaders ' genius , like the zulu or ethiopia . 
  still , it did n't matter . 
  infectious diseases meant that most of africa 's population density was never able to grow above a level that required a more complex society than a tribe .
