  some parties have considered it but it 's not simple . 
  first , many people in spain ( mainly in the spanish speaking regions , and me included ) are against the decentralized model , seeing it as a huge waste of money due to duplicities , so any party proposing further decentralization is gon na alienate part of its voters . 
  but also it would n't even make them earn votes in the secessionist regions , since usually people who want further autonomy do n't want a federation , but independence . 
  it 's not even the historic sparta . 
  iirc it 's just some modern town named after the original one , which used to be somewhere nearby . 
  lovely . 
  they contribute so much to our societies !, 
  that 's an important difference . 
  but unless that happens they have de facto similar autonomy levels . 
  being realistic they 'd just put it in some other country . 
  i do n't believe we 'll see the day when all tax havens have disappeared . 
  they do have independent justice systems , education , healthcare and police , among others . 
  it 's not a federation , but it 's pretty close . 
  so far decentralization has n't exactly worked great appeasing nationalisms in spain . 
  catalonia & the basque country have never had as much autonomy as today and independence has never had as much support . 
  these girls are raised so their goal in life is having a strong husband , a big family and a pious life . 
  you can imagine their opinion on our women 's rights and feminism . 
  it 's already gone metastatic . 
  i 'm sure the germans appreciate this detailed judgment of their society from a random foreigner . 
  yeah , do n't bother . 
  the multiculti-band has finally found a positive thread about muslims and have made their nest on it . 
  now they 're just trying to hide any comment not praising how very tolerant are our euro-muslims . 
  yeah you just found the source of muslim radicalism in europe : people who react to it well after it 's all over . 
  genius . 
  it 's already been 10 years since [ this happened ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_madrid_train_bombings ) . 
  because there 's a thing called culture , and that does n't depend on where was the hospital where your mother gave birth to you . 
  sjws can keep trying to make this look like a poverty problem , or put the blame on `` society '' or anybody but the radicals themselves . 
  it wo n't make it truth . 
  they 're more than free to go back to their countries if they 're not able to adapt . 
  but do n't expect the country that received you to adapt to you . 
  it 's not wrong , the map just has a \u00b1 1000 km margin of error . 
  some 70 year old driving at 30 km/h who 's gon na change to your lane without blinkers . 
  i 'm not commenting on how you feel about the spanish position , but on the general opinion that the scottish movement is going to be some kind of trigger for stuff to happen in spain . 
  stuff is already happening here regardless of the scots . 
  regarding the politician comments , he , just like the italian cited on the article , are answering questions regarding eu law . 
  that is n't `` commenting on scottish separatism '' . 
  i really do n't see this referendum having nearly as much influence in spain as / r/europe seems to believe . 
  the catalan and basque secessionist movements are powerful enough , having as much or more history that the scottish one . 
  they 'd keep pushing independence regardless of what had happened in scotland . 
  romania has a border with ukraine . 
  being realistic and kind of hawkish , europe can `` defend its interests '' way easier in algeria than in russia . 
  not right . 
  this question shows up in every thread . 
  yes , spain will . 
  union ? 
  brics is just a name made up by economists , whose countries organize a yearly summit . 
  if that 's an union spain must be in 3 or 4 of those . 
  sorry , some graffiti does not qualify as catalan being forbidden . 
  very nice of you trying to make me seem like a fascist , btw . 
  oh yeah , i must be a borderline nazi not to believe pan-catalanist propaganda . 
  spain does not recognize unilaterally independent states , being them kosovo or abkhazia . 
  and that 's the way to go if you ask me . 
  says who affirms speaking catalan has ever been forbidden . 
  not being official/being discouraged ! = being forbidden . 
  blah blah blah franco used to oppress us . 
  you know you have a weird concept of oppression when you are complaining about 1/3 of lectures being taught in spanish . 
  also , valencia is not catalonia , so whatever happens there has nothing to do with it . 
  it could be argued that 1 % would be better expended in creating alternatives to german dependence on russian gas . 
  wawaweewa , it 's a very nice !, 
  if it 's yearly salary i assume pre-tax . 
  taking about monthly salary the number is almost always followed by either the word ` limpios ' ( post-tax ) or ` brutos ' ( pre-tax ) , otherwise i usually assume post-tax . 
  [ source ( spanish ) ] ( http://ventanasdeaire.wordpress.com/2014/07/25/los-alpes-des-de-los-pirineos-un-posible-record-de-distancia/ ), 
  if only it were funny, 
  canada , usa and australia have huge uranium reserves and those would be most likely allies of euope in case of conflict . 
  spain and sweden also have sizable reserves . 
  i wonder if the round numbers and the difference between ceuta and melilla is because they asked exactly 4 persons . 
  and just like that danzig is prussian again . 
  most of it taiga and tundra . 
  do you see many french , italian , german or british doing it ? 
  nice prejudices dude, 
  then you must be blind , or you just do n't see whatever does n't fit your ideology . 
  i take you have not been to paris . 
  what the fuck denmark . 
  it would be interesting to see the number of anti-aircraft weapons in eastern europe . 
  isabella and ferdinand were the heads of different kingdoms , none of them with a single capital , so there were several throne rooms . 
  this is for instance the [ throne room ] ( http://www.alcazardesegovia.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/sala-del-trono-slide.jpg ) in segovia 's castle . 
  70 years ago, 
  apparently [ this is the spanish kings ' throne room ] ( http://womenworld.org/image/042012/palacio%20real_3.jpg ) . 
  it 's not exactly a famous thing here . 
  ad hoc account created to post this . 
  weird . 
  how long would it take for the 2k + russians tanks to reach the german border ? 
  how long would it take for the us main armies to land in central europe ? 
  i 'm not saying nato would n't try to hold poland , but that we may not be able . 
  for a single person , 2000 $ may be enough . 
  for a family , double or triple that . 
  is this accurate ? 
  the baltics , being the first ones that would be attacked , have 3 tanks , 0 planes and spend almost nothing in millitary . 
  even if it was more important than the defense of dc , i do n't believe it 's really doable . 
  i 'm no military expert , but you just have to look at a map . 
  the baltics are almost indefensible , the front would be most likely be somewhere in central or even western europe . 
  wallonia would n't even be close to be the smallest , less populated or poorer nation in europe . 
  why would n't it be able to survive as an independent country ? 
  specially if it joins the eu . 
  sweden 's idea of help may be very different ( more watered ) from that of the us or uk . 
  what is there to fight ? 
  they 're not profitable . 
  we 're 20 years overdue in completely dismantling them . 
  it 's crazy that nowadays there 's still people who * start * their career in the subsidized mines . 
  it 's almost impossible for a civilian to legally get a gun , or any short barrel weapon , unless you have suffered threats from eta , which does n't really happen anymore .
