  there are no more migrants , it 's all `` refugees '' now . 
  mostly sad looking women and cute children . 
  or you know , use fucking google . 
  it is n't false , but tell the whole story . 
  they suffer more because their own families , starting from their parents , will reject them and blame them for being raped . 
  remember , here `` asian '' means pretty much south asian . 
  judging by the pictures , they seem to be doing a terrible job ... 
  is n't train engineer a way of calling train drivers ? 
  riot control can be very effective . 
  productivity has little to do with how `` well '' you work . 
  it 's literally the amount of $ produced per hour worked . 
  if you produce expensive stuff , you 're productive . 
  if you do n't , you are n't . 
  v4 seems to be doing just fine, 
  no point arguing with someone who do n't want to see the facts , really , but still : he 's complaining because he 's not in city center , and there 's a 30 min walk to the supermarket . 
  he also complains about lack of schools but he 's told there is one , then admits he just does n't know ( then why complain ? ) . 
  those are his words , but i guess you just do n't want to see the reality . 
  well ... germans are much crappier muslims, 
  it 's called marshall plan, 
  well , so i guess it will be me giving the talk ... 
  it 's actually not [ very substantial ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/europe/european_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml ) . 
  it 's likely even the romans did n't live such big of a genetic mark and spaniards descend mainly of more native populations , explaining the little differences between castillians and basques , for instance . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not really their opinions what 's offending . 
  it 's the entitlement . 
  a week . 
   i guess autorities have to toe a line between what people wants , what 's the `` moral high horse '' and what 's actually realistic well , it seems they already did and these guys are disagreeing . 
   i can give you dozens of articles on what the local hare breeders club is up to right now . 
  please ... do, 
  dude , never tell an iberian he 's anything but genetically identical with northern europeans . 
  prepare for a talk on how the portuguese are celts , the indoeuropean invasions and the r1b haplotype . 
  did they complain when arriving to germany because the nearest supermarket was a 30 min walk away ? 
  i wonder how empatethic you 'd be had you lived through all that . 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  portugal is just west catalonia . 
   we do hate spain for that . 
  you guys sure seem mature and living in the present, 
  maybe the moderators have decided to step down the censorship ? 
  do n't act as if they did n't remove some other popular threads for the same reason . 
  or maybe the explosives are just hidden ? 
  do n't go oppening suspicious things assuming you know everything , do n't be dumb as hell !, 
  you do post a lot here for someone who does n't like this subreddit . 
  sure , here comes the explosives expert . 
  why would you take the risk ? 
  guess what ? 
  they do n't get to pick . 
  you add most countries on that list and still would get a population smaller than california . 
  europe is full of 5-10 million people countries . 
  viriato is revolving on his grave righ now, 
  the med and turkish border should be the `` defense '' lines, 
  dclauzel was watching eurobasket and now he 's crying too hard to see this thread ? 
  [ for instance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_morocco ) . 
  and other nato countries are not as lucky as we are of being at the other side of the continent from an hostile expansionist country . 
  but i see , you 're a pacifist . 
  may be one day someone will take something that 's yours by force . 
  maybe then you 'll realize that being defenseless in this world is not the best idea . 
  when people resort to criticize phrasing or spelling , it 's because they do n't have real arguments . 
  so really your best bet here is that spain does n't recognize you and become a pariah state ? 
  do n't you see that as being a lose-lose situation ? 
  why ? 
  that 'd mean european countries would have to step up their military expenses . 
  nowadays , in case of war we 're just hoping to fight to the last american . 
  for instance , spain expends less than 1 % of its gdp in defense . 
  spain does not accept double nationality . 
  do you think we 'd change that just to let you back in ? 
  true , but i do n't think it will be a solution . 
  the main problem is that there are n't many low skill jobs available anymore , and those still existing are steadily disappearing . 
  these people are almost guaranteed not to find a job and become even more of a burden for the social security . 
  we should put our money in automation and brining hand picked highly skilled immigrants . 
  i 'm using `` bringing '' liberally . 
  let 's just say enabling , allowing or encouraging . 
  we all have human rights . 
  that 's the very meaning of human rights , that they apply to everyone . 
  if you start picking who has rights and who does n't you 're just at the same level that the jihadi scum . 
  a different question is why are we bringing this sort of people to our countries . 
  low skilled , culturally alien people who will just never integrate . 
  they 'll create crime . 
  they 'll leech welfare . 
  we do n't owe them anything , but still are bringing them by the thousands and allowing them to make our societies worse . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  join rojava and go kill isis . 
  no need to destroy you own country to help anyone . 
   denied refugees who can not be deported by their own fault ( because they lost passports etc ) are forbidden to work and wo n't recieve benefits so ... what are they gon na do with them ? 
  let them roam free on the streets , hungry and angry ? 
  that wo n't end well ... 
  removed for being `` local news '' in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  has farage ever gone against muslim mass inmigration ? 
  i 've only ever read him shitting on the poles . 
  they 're confusing freedom with doing and getting whatever the fuck they want . 
  so that 's how an invasion looks from bird 's eye ... 
  they do n't want our democracy , they just want our prosperity and money , as if those two were n't related . 
   yes , we should really not have started ten wars in syria . 
  what a mistake go read about the war in syria . 
  believe it or not , the west is not responsible for every single thing that happens in the world . 
  those countries do a great job fucking themselves up without any help . 
  transparency first . 
  leading the article with a photo of sad children , when it 's 80 % working-age guys coming . 
  i do n't even need to read the article to know what 's gon na say . 
  there was almost no overlap between reconquista and inquisition . 
  reconquista finished during isabella 's of castille reign with the conquest of granada in 1492 .
