  inquisition was founded by that same queen and her husband few years before . 
  that depends on what you mean by discrimination . 
  one thing is to treat everybody with respect as equals and other bring anyone regardless to their culture to live in their country . 
  all experience in western europe has shown that muslims have a hard time integrating . 
  it 's just reasonable for eastern european countries not to want bring many of them . 
  if you think that is morally reprehensible you 're just not living in the real word . 
  what the fuck . 
  not even america has been so stupid as to get involved in syria and now france wants to get in there ? 
  and even after how their intervention of libya turned out ? 
  this is just retarded . 
   we 're still called ex-communist central european states sorry romania , but you 're still an ex-communist eastern european state . 
  themselves ? 
  personal responsibility should be a thing , also for refugees . 
  no country has abandoned christianity until the 20th century , the renaissance was as christian as the gothic or romanesque periods . 
  also , you 're blaming christianity for the dark ages when the fall of the ( christian ) roman empire was the reason . 
  yup . 
  kekt . 
  marseille is 40 % muslim . 
  also , the map says black , not brown . 
  i think there are more blacks in paris than london . 
  also the pope did n't give any land to portugal ( ? 
  ) , you 're probably thinking of the treaty of tordesillas , by which the pope ( a spaniard ) divided the world between spain and portugal to colonize . 
  spain did annex portugal in the 16th century by inheritance , but their nobility rebelled the next century and became independent again . 
  by then spain was in decline and portugal 's independence got backed by england . 
  that 's why we ca n't have nice things . 
  so we ought to respect it . 
  respect for other human 's rights do n't come from an intellectual position though , but an emotional one . 
  one could argue that selfishness is the rational choice , while christian concepts like : `` give to everyone who asks you , and if anyone takes what belongs to you , do not demand it back '' or `` turning the other cheek '' go against the self-preservation instinct that we all have . 
  such positions are not inherent to the human being , but learned through our cultures and have a christian origin . 
  you just do n't find such attitudes in non-christian countries . 
  who said anything about race ? 
  people just do n't want muslims . 
   i mean , i still do n't think that it 'd be war , but probably would n't be terribly friendly . 
  lol , it would be certain war . 
  the us organized coups or outright invasion in any single country of the western hemisphere were the left got into power . 
  there is simply no way the us would have allowed a ussr-alligned canada . 
  not in a million years . 
  [ quite a lot ] ( https://i.imgur.com/plbwazr.jpg ) , specially since they 're paying for the flights . 
  germany is decided to kill the eu . 
  because only countries of christian background give a fuck about human rights . 
  people do n't like to recognize the influence of christianism in our culture , but one just needs to travel a bit to realize that concepts like charity and self-sacrifice for the good of others are rarely found abroad . 
  none of them are current , but they used to be well known in their times : * raffaella carr\u00e0 : afaik she 's way more known in spain than in italy . 
  was quite popular in the 80 's -90 's . 
  * marl\u00e8ne mourreau : used to play the stereotypical french girl in a number of shows in the 90 's . 
  probably no one knows her in france ( or in spain any more ... ), 
  shia are way more tolerant and moderate than sunnis , in my opinion . 
  they call us heatless , we should call them brainless . 
  tell that to them , see what happens, 
  sure , sure . 
  they 're just misunderstood youths . 
  should i link you to [ this comment of yours ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ki6y3/pms_of_slovakia_ukraine_condemn_deal_to_expand/cuxrru8 ) ? 
   by `` the common institutions '' , you mean the bundestag . 
  or maybe ... just maybe ... many europeans disagree with what germany is doing to the eu . 
  what 's wrong about the title ? 
  is it now politically incorrect to call what 's happening a `` problem '' . 
  those of you who do n't see as a big-ass problem must be close to blind . 
  muslim migrants are like 80 % guys , though . 
  you think letting thousands of asylum seekers to ex-eastern block countries is the right move for them ? 
  how is that gon na benefit them in any way ? 
  germany may benefit from bringing cheap workers , but poland ? 
  no , just because a decision is unpopular does n't mean it 's right . 
  in fact it maybe as well be unpopular because it 's benefiting a different group of people that those suffering its consequences . 
  yeah , in most topics there 's gon na be some other countries that support the german position , but they 're not consistently getting it their way as germany is in every single topic . 
  see this case . 
  you have germany pushing for canceling the southern stream , and now she 's building the northern one instead , that benefits no one except herself . 
  to be honest most spaniards live in big-ass cities , usually in neighborhoods that look [ like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/madrid-moratalaz.jpg ) . 
  germany has gotten out of control again . 
  the franco-german relationship was what kept the union alive , and that balance is now dead . 
  with the uk leaving , the eu has a grim future . 
  no one will follow germany 's lead when they 're such uncompromising leader : see this case , the greek crisis , no transfer union and now the refugees crisis . 
  in the last 5 years germany has managed to destroy all trust the rest of europe had on her . 
  that 's the thing with redditors , they have a mentality of copying and re-using instead of being original . 
  there at least like 3 galicias and no one cares either . 
  they should go back to the name vardar . 
  no conflicts and sounds kickass , like some lotr region . 
  the see stretch from australia to new guinea or indonesia is anything bust vast . 
  see the melilla fence . 
  once in a while you get a wave of immigrants trying to cross . 
  some do , most do n't or get stopped by the border police . 
  the important part is what you do with them afterwards . 
  if they have no chance of ever staying , it does n't matter if a few scape the first police control . 
  eventually they 'd be stopped by the police and deported . 
  the border is really secondary , what 's necessary is a strong deportation police . 
  many of them seem to spend their lives being angry anyway . 
  well , they can just see the trend . 
  good . 
  i 'm sorry this will lead to the uk leaving , but you guys are doing the right thing . 
  maybe this way the leaders in brussels will realize they ca n't govern against the will of the people . 
  you could as well say spain is closer to the galactic empire and catalonia closer to the republic , with mas being skywalker . 
  it 's just emotional projection . 
  the british government did the smart thing granting a referendum at a point where they expected it to fail . 
  also scotland is relatively irrelevant to the rest of the uk . 
  spain is in one of the worst economic crisis of our history so people are angry and secessionism support is at an all time high . 
  also catalonia is also much more important to spain than scotland to the uk . 
  a legal referendum today was n't just going to happen . 
  you think your comment is obvious sarcasm , but in this thread i 've had more shocking replies . 
  `` madrid '' is pretty much the devil in catalan secessionist media . 
  madrid is seen as a backwater city where everybody is ultra-nationalist and far-right , and speaking catalan there will get you murdered or worse . 
  mind you , this is a 6 million metropolitan area , where the far left just won the local elections , but still . 
  the spanish flag is seen as a reactionary symbol , and anyone wearing it must be very nationalist or borderline fascist .
