  how old are you ? 
  we 'll see about that . 
  you guys seem to believe you have hit rock bottom , but you have n't . 
  there 's no hard floor avoiding you to become as poor as argentina , your neighbors to the north or even poorer . 
  if you default in your debts and leave the eurozone , you 'll have to pay ridiculous interests for your future debts . 
  add the predictable recession and you have the recipe for long term poverty , in which you 'll stay for a long time because , who would invest in eu-isolated greece when they can do it in cheaper , forward looking and eu-integrated romania and bulgaria ? 
  who 's up voting you ? 
  a 25 % surplus ? 
  not even in varoufakis dreams . 
  months ago they were barely running a tiny surplus , and that 's already gone . 
  if they leave the ez and cancel their debts , their current deficit will increase even further and now they 'll have nobody to borrow from . 
  the greeks got so pissed off by austerity that they ca n't even see the shit hole they 're now walking towards . 
  they seem to believe things ca n't get any worse , but they definitely can and they are going to . 
  now that you bring up game 's theory , it 's funny how greece seems to be choosing the worst out of two bad options ( austerity or leaving the ez ) just so the other player ( rest of the ez ) does n't get its way . 
  speak for yourself !, 
  i want my ruthless empire back . 
  dat saint petersburg, 
   ( slight ) majority spain has a bigger majority of supporters than the uk . 
  does n't merkel tend to do whatever is the people 's whim at the time ? 
  am i the only one who loves our late sun sets ? 
  i 'd probably kill my self during winter if the sun set before 17:00 . 
  such a big force ? 
  they won * one * capital province . 
  yeah , it 's not like they can take that for granted . 
  if assad falls , bye russia 's tartus naval base . 
  and that 's why religion is dying out all together . 
  `` our culture '' as you call it , is not christianity . 
   now , if you imagine that you are an immigrant from anywhere then you are likely to very much fall into the anti armed forces camp latin american migrants in spain have no problem with joining the armed forces . 
  some of our units have 30 % of its members coming from those countries . 
  i do n't think the problem is about being an immigrant but about the potential of the british armed forces going to war against their own country . 
  they learn the valuable skill of sleeping in class , bullying and mugging other students and attacking the teachers . 
  and southern, 
  not really , since both italy and spain would be in the more tightly integrated one . 
  this is not a rich vs poor thing but a eurofiles vs eurosceptics one . 
  not really , more like a new-age neo-hippie thing . 
  and more importantly : usa had control of its monetary and debt policies . 
   couple of hundred million more like 500 million . 
  their country , their rules . 
  i agree with your points but would also add how decesive has been the emergence of ciudadanos , which has taken from podemos many of the unhappy former voters of pp and psoe with its more `` centrist '' discourse . 
  latvia can into potato ^ sorry, 
  `` stop , or we join nato '' , maybe . 
  i laughed ... 
  i thought japan and usa wuld be higher . 
  it seems the byzantines were already irrelevant . 
  they did n't even control athens . 
  you seem to call aggression everything that is n't agreement with your nonsense . 
  this guy ... you truly never fail to deliver . 
  i 'm really confused , which cities are the last two stops before berlin ? 
  christianism expanded first inside an already formed empire : the romans . 
  it did n't need to conquer anything . 
  yes , centuries after it kept expanding through crusades and invasions , but war is not on it 's dna as it is in islam 's . 
  probably not equal , but higher . 
  east and south asia have much much higher population that us , so unless that change they will become the core , and the rest of the world their periphery , just as today the core is the atlantic ( or even just usa ) , and just like 500 years ago it was the mediterranean . 
  services , jobs , construction and many other economic sectors will concentrate there , leaving us as pretty much their backyard . 
  the united kingdom . 
  if you ca n't beat them , join them . 
  spain finally overtaking italy in spite of the crisis and unemployment . 
  once we 're back in our feet you 're next , france !, 
  til southern spain is tropical, 
  nobody mentioning that half of europe is in deflation ? 
  when saved money is worth more every day , paying a small fee to keep it maybe worth it . 
  power would most likely be out before the capital was hit . 
  the first nukes would be fired high in the atmosphere , hundreds or thousands of kilometers away from spain to create continent-wide emps . 
  same . 
  be dead . 
  ubuntu does n't really have a choice . 
  all systems are migrating to smartphone or becoming mixed , and the big companies you name have preferred other oss over ubuntu . 
  i like it . 
  i would n't call being beaten in a 5 vs 1 `` getting into a fight '' . 
  it 's assault . 
  just repeated yourself again . 
  yeah , i 've had posts deleted after reaching the frontpage because according to the mods there were too many other posts of that topic . 
  i say let the users decide what they want to read . 
  i also feel this sub is getting less and less interesting every day . 
   more relaxed culture nice clich\u00e9 . 
  you forgot to mention dancing some flamenco after spending the afternoon at the bullfighting ring . 
  albania . 
  albania . 
  several years ago i read about some new romanian party in the spanish levant , but i guess they were n't very successful . 
   13 year old english kids who think it 's hilarious u wot m8 ? 
  he 'd probably have known after coming back from the bathroom , maybe not long before crashing . 
  cocaine , not even once . 
  google image search says that pic is at least from 2008 . 
  spanish media is talking of 43 of the people on board being spaniards and most of the other 148 germans . 
  yeah i read the bbc article and they were more precise . 
  apparently el mundo is just trying to get a shocking headline fast . 
  plane was flying from barcelona to d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  according to `` el mundo '' , hollande has confirmed there are no survivors . 
  was n't there other source ? 
  it did n't live long enough for us to judge how it 'd have ended up . 
  if the russian revolution had been crushed three years after its start you could use it to do the same argument . 
  russia wins and takes at least france , italy , the benelux and the rest of germany . 
  / r/sphericflagscomics, 
  weird map projection . 
  satan : serbia 's # 1 enemy . 
  `` art '' . 
   i had countless spanish where are you finding this countless communist spanish arguing about politics with an estonian ? 
  be real here dude . 
  countless = a couple , 3 top . 
  we do have our commies , our right wingers , our liberals and libertarians .
