  germans , richer in average and with more help from the state have way fewer children than for instance , a person from india . 
  it 's mainly cultural . 
  not for denying a visa it is n't . 
  that 's for trials , not for granting a visa . 
  you 're not taking them to prison , just keeping them from coming to the country . 
  again , we do n't owe anyone a visa . 
  if the police is suspicious that person is dangerous , that should be enough for them not to never get one . 
   i read a dutch news source , and there it is mentioned that he was being monitored , not listed as a terrorist . 
  why are people suspected of terrorist activities given a visa ? 
  did we need this guy to live among us so bad ? 
  we do n't owe visas to anybody , if some guy is suspicious that should be enough not to let him in . 
   furthermore , should you not exile terrorists , why kick them out and make them someone else 's problem ? 
  just lock them up or something why on earth should we let them in ? 
  we should make them someone 's problem when they ** are ** someone else 's problem , as in this case . 
  if they are second or third generation we 're stuck with them , but welcoming guys who we already suspect to be radical ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  a moroccan national , who was in the lists for terrorist activities . 
  why was he even allowed to live in europe ? 
  guy should have had his visa revoked and kicked out back to his country . 
  i just ca n't comprehend how anyone can see that as wrong , or racist . 
  i just do n't understand how they are allowed to roam freely after getting into schengen area . 
  they came illegally : prison -  deportation . 
  their country is a mess ? 
  not . 
  our . 
  problem . 
  we 're letting in people that fucking hate our societies and us . 
  we all know what that paper roll is for ... ... and why there 's other two empty ones, 
  he 's not from russia ... 
  fuck that guy . 
  that does n't have anything to do with them being part of the eu or overseas territories . 
  you 're getting overly defensive . 
   using greece as a third-class member and a human deposit box for ` undesirables ' aside , what are these people going to do for a living ? 
  nothing . 
  stay until the war is over , then back to their countries . 
   should their children be given citizenships ? 
  no  since they are going to be staying for a while , will we be ignoring their right to self-determination , or give them the right to voice their opinions on munincipal/regional/national matters ? 
  self-determination ? 
  they 're not citizens . 
   where are hundreds of thousands of idividuals going to be housed ? 
  same as in lebanon or turkey . 
   all in all , why ? 
  so that the rich countries can continue to ignore the problem until it affects them ? 
  or because eastern citizens who have probably never seen a refugee or a migrant in their entire lives , want to whine about how they took their jobs ? 
  because we do n't have to and because we do n't owe them anything . 
  this is charity and nobody is entitled to force you to be charitable . 
  if we want to be , we should be able to decide when , where and how . 
  and of course if . 
  yeah , when america was booming and there was a job literally for everybody . 
  in other words , they needed them . 
  we , right now , do n't need unskilled immigrants , and with automation is not likely we 'll need them any time soon . 
  that freaking guy shadow-banned me once because i mentioned how he was removed as a moderator from / r/canada . 
  yeah all those guys with zero years of education and zero work skills are going to integrate just fine in our economies and will adapt to our cultures in no time . 
  we definitely need you guys and the only reason spain is not seeing lately the waves of immigration that are arriving to italy and greece is because the government of morocco is stable and is acting as a wall , unlike the one in libya . 
  this problem is only going to grow . 
  black africa 's population is expected to triple during this century , and is the only continent where population growth does n't seem to be stopping . 
  the richer they get , the more children they have , so they will simply remain poor and migrate north . 
  they 're not gon na stop that dynamic . 
  it needs to be us . 
  a third sunni , a third shia and a third christian and somehow they 're not killing each other every day . 
  according to spain we do , since the treaty of utrecht specifically establishes that the waters surrounding the rock are spanish . 
  that 's how it starts , though ... 
  they just love bachata . 
  all these european phone companies that used to be in the top , how could n't any of them adapt to the introduction of the smartphone ? 
  nokia , ericsson , alcatel ... not a single one did . 
  according to the article it has already . 
  the adjective `` european '' itself would n't be as important , and we 'd talk about euro-mediterranean , post-christian , western or some other denomination that would include northern africa . 
  sounds greek to me . 
  great , i just connected to the guy of golden dawn starting speaking and the translator saying they 'd not translate him . 
  imf : the sky is blue . 
  corruption is damaging and all but about the cuts ... for good or bad , education , health care and pensions carry a majority of the budget , like * really * , a huge part of it . 
  all other points you have mentioned are peanuts compared with what could be and was saved by cutting there . 
  was it ? 
  i know the word cojones is relatively known in english , but enough to make a pun out of it ? 
   by don quijones don * quijote * . 
  don quijones sounds suspiciously like don cojones . 
  italian, 
  21 million is nothing for a country , even for one struggling economically , and it sends a strong message and publicily embarrass the government . 
  i 'd say that allowing politicians to forge numbers is way more damaging than paying 21 million . 
  how is building a bunch of parks and towers going to help the economy long term ? 
  sorry , but that video reminded me too much of spain 's housing bubble era . 
  says the telegraph . 
  get a room already . 
  also southern , mainly [ dehesa ] ( http://static.plenummedia.com/33457/images/20090928081820-copia-de-dscn5037-or.jpg ) , which covers a big part of extremadura , and pine and mountain forests . 
  the euro taking a hit is n't necessarily negative and will be temporary anyway . 
  i do n't know the official position about brexit , but many of us think the uk has to leave the union so we can continue with further integration . 
  i do n't see europe making concessions so the greeks get to stay . 
  it 's on them to either make the cuts or default already . 
   we do n't really buy cheap populism says the catalan nationalist . 
  neither did syriza , and they already have a foot out . 
  the axis cropping makes it look way too dramatic . 
   bricgs wow , you guys are delusional . 
  sure , unlike his friends in the greek government who of course are completely free of blame . 
  europe should just throw money at greece indefinitely without any guarantee of reforms . 
  what prevented syriza to announce the referendum a week ago ? 
  why did they need to wait until the last day and then have to ask for an extension of the loans ? 
  this is just a desperate last minute attempt to save face . 
  i hope the deadline remains unchanged . 
  sure , we 'll see about that . 
  specially now that they 're at risk of losing the tartus base .
