  the commies are n't a majority though . 
  spain is usually milder in anti-russia stuff than other eu countries . 
  there 's not a strong reason but very small ones . 
  * we 're far enough that almost nobody here see them as an historical enemy . 
  * we 're big enough that we do n't have to follow every single trend dictated by the big 4 . 
  * we 're in a bad economic position , it 's not good to make enemies . 
  * like italy , we also have business links with russia . 
  * in topics like kosovo , spain is aligned to russia and opposed to nato , due to our own secessionist movements . 
  but i 'd say the main reason is the first one . 
  local autorities influencying what people vote by indirect bribes ( like rural subsides ) , fear monguering or directly asking for it as a favor to be returned . 
  tell him that a spaniard on reddit is demanding a straight answer immediately . 
  that guy is a fucking genius . 
  it makes even more sense if you notice [ the last scene of the video v for varoufakis ] ( https://youtu.be/afl9wfgje0m?t=3m42s ) . 
  or since the finger version was the only available online he just linked that one . 
  i think they did the index finger version just to disprove your version . 
  let 's kill everybody at the age of 65 . 
  it 's good for the macroeconomics . 
  never heard of that bank , so it 's probably a small one . 
  do you mean sie ? 
  i do n't know if here ever was some real political discussion on that place , but today it 's just an echo chamber . 
  i like to go sometimes because my karma number make them go crazy . 
  they do n't really know about the rest of reddit , they assume i got it there , so i must be iglesias himself or something . 
   he added that of course the ideologies of the two `` could never be compared '' . 
  well , there goes that clickbait headline . 
  me thinks is of well ideas, 
  honestly , it 's a bit boring . 
  blocks of texts and links of news that often are not very interesting . 
  if there 's been something big during the week you probably saw it already on the frontpage , unless some mod has decided to remove the link , which seems to be happening more and more often . 
  now is when the americans get offended by you liking the kkk costume . 
  i like how ny times [ misses the point ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/14/world/europe/russia-putin-seen-in-public.html ) :  one set up a clock using a joyous chorus from `` swan lake '' to count off the time since mr. putin last appeared alive . 
  not safe for samsung television . 
  should we start getting tunics with a big cross on them ? 
  his style in the second pic looks quite current . 
  damn , the swedes have been busy . 
  first they start the ukrainian conflict , then saudi arabia and now this . 
  since it 's the conservatives and not the communists who are in the government , that 's not gon na happen any time soon . 
  putin is kill no, 
  resettling ? 
  this is n't a videogame . 
  those empty houses belong to somebody . 
  should the state expropriate them and give them away ? 
   in spain they have about 25 % unemployment  accept more refugees  spain could take refugees from syria no thanks . 
  aaaaand the thread got deleted from the frontpage . 
  i 'll never understand the mods of this sub . 
  if i recall correctly , the criteria of what makes a 5th generation fighter were defined by lockheed martin , the company that made the f-35 , so their fighter would seem to be above all others . 
  it 's pretty much a marketing buzzword to sell more . 
  in case your serious that 's the mexican flag . 
  we already have an andalucia , do n't need a second one . 
  i 'm no expert but since italy takes part in the eurofighter program , why do they need a similar american fighter ? 
  would n't it be better to just focus on either one or the other ? 
  caramelos ? 
  it 's better than towels , anyway . 
  i must be one of the lucky ones . 
  back ? 
  i recommend you to live in other country for a couple of years . 
  it really helps changing this tiring spanish perspective of `` how bad we have it '' . 
  yes , the economy is shitty but believe it or not , economy is not everything in life . 
  having done it myself , i 'll choose the poor spain over the rich norther europe every fucking day . 
  our florida is thicker than your florida . 
  also / r/spainman, 
  paella is kind of a national dish . 
  its origins are in valencia , but people all around the country eat it on a regular basis , so you can find good ones almost everywhere . 
  yup . 
   `` magnificient countriy '' thank you yanks , that 's nice of you . 
  that inferiority complex . 
  spoken as a true spaniard . 
   other body parts like legs , arms or shoulders and balls . 
  definitely balls . 
  i see , i thought you meant deaths, 
  i guess that was a typo , but it was almost 200 , not 2000 . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  i 've been reading a bit the post history of the guy . 
  dude 's a moron . 
  is n't dkk pegged to the euro ? 
  you 'd be having more fun in your nearest bdsm club fulfilling your masochistic fantasy instead of trolling reddit . 
  i could believe it also if he was one of those `` while guilt '' types who has bought that all evil in the world comes fro the west , and all muslims would be kissing and loving each other if it was n't because of us . 
  i see you are a brit . 
  i expect you to be just as supporting of the london bombings that followed only one year later . 
  i wrote islamist , not islamic . 
  [ islamism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamism ) is a relatively recent phenomenon . 
  all the guys here talking about the 8th century invasions and the berber pirates ... c'mon guys . 
  and i tried to pick one of the not so gory ones , taken after the bodies and body parts had been removed from the scene . 
  [ for those who do n't remember ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_madrid_train_bombings ) . 
  but we 'd never lack a towel ... 
  people are n't getting your sarcasm . 
  i 'll never understand what 's the status of gibraltar . 
  it 's a territory which is part of the british crown , but not of the uk , but it * is * part of the european union , but not schengen . 
  no , * [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3mfwtystg4 ) * is shots fired . 
  ceuta and melilla sit on african land . 
  in fact spain is almost as bi-continental as turkey . 
  if you count the canary islands , 1.5 % of the spanish surface is on africa . 
  had not heard about that , but sounds strange since the portuguese empire lasted quite long after crusades were no longer a thing . 
  still , if portugal and spain had n't had america to colonize they 'd have kept pushing and pushing south , maybe successfully , maybe not , who knows . 
  afaik kicking them out is not a straight forwards process , since they 're mostly not moroccans . 
  hence the high fence to try and avoid them getting in in the first place . 
  there 's been some talks to morocco to enable returning them even non-moroccan migrants , but i 'm not sure what 's the current situation . 
  and if colombus had n't discovered a whole new continent to conquer it probably would n't have been just ceuta and melilla . 
  la reconquista was bound to go on , in one continent or another . 
  it is n't . 
  if you say it because the guys on the fence and the golfers look the same size , it is because the pic was taken from quite far , if i recall correctly .
