  if it 's good enough for one million of your compatriots , it should be good enough for you . 
  yeah , let 's see for how long that last . 
  probably until the next time the ukrainians decide to run their country in a way russia does n't like . 
  if you draw a line , there are 831 km between barcelona and paris . 
  how can taking 6.5 hours be considered `` fast speed '' ? 
  it 'd have been great business for the local whores and pimps , that 's for sure . 
  or you know , just change the crown . 
  this has been the flag of spain for 300 years , while the purple one was the flag for 8 years . 
  many of us with the legit flag also dislike the monarchy , but consider there 'd be no reason to change it if the king was deposed . 
  that 's not true for many germans either . 
  4 months is nothing . 
  in 2 years you may * start * to understand some stuff , and that 's if you go to classes and have constant exposure , i.e not living only with other expats . 
  last time i checked , it was the government who wanted to ban protesting , not some `` austerity '' person . 
  ... germany . 
   christmas pyramid is that a thing over there ? 
  they go to your country because they think is beautiful or interesting and are willing to spend money on it . 
  if that is really a serious question you are an idiot . 
  new corrption cases being brought to light daily . 
  rajoy did n't mention blocking scotland membership , which he would n't do as long as the independence was n't unilateral . 
  he noted that scotland would start outside the eu , and then would need to apply and start an accession process like any other country . 
  then you 'd have to change the clock to one hour ahead if you went from barcelona to bourdeaux ( west ) , and you 'd also `` find it stupid '' . 
  they are not ... 
  they 're in gmt +3 , not gmt-1 . 
  algeria , not libya . 
  man i posted in my other comments the articles . 
  if you do n't even bother reading what i write i wo n't bother either answering you , because this is a waste of time . 
  yeah , after the law change they have to pay in advance for the treatment , then go to their national insurance to get it paid back . 
  this used not to be this way , as i posted . 
  i feel we are discussing in circles here . 
  they get free healtcare one way ore another . 
  the only difference filling those forms is who 's paying for it . 
  they pay their income tax in the uk . 
  yes , the do pay indirect taxes for whatever they consume here , but they 're not paying for the spanish social security , since that 's paid in the form of direct ( income ) taxes . 
  and the bills to the by the british ni used to frequently remain unpaid as i already posted . 
  seriously ? 
  i speak spanish natively and ca n't understand much beyond `` moldova '' , `` nato '' , `` romania '' and `` uniunea europeana '' . 
  fuck the midwest ... 
  i 'm not talking about pensions , i 'm talking about healthcare . 
  by the way , relax dude , reading your comments it seems like you 're having a rough day . 
   i only care about the ones that do n't work , do n't care about language and do n't care about integrating you just described british and german retirees in spain . 
  for the cost to be transfered to the uk they need to fill some paperwork that of course they do n't fill because why would they ? 
  therefore the spaniards end up paying for a lot of retirees that do not pay a cent in taxes in spain , will never work in spain or learn spanish and will keep their money inside their all-english communities . 
  source : spain 's social security [ has only being paid back 369 out of 446 ] ( http://www.larazon.es/detalle_hemeroteca/noticias/la_razon_452714/9771-seis-paises-no-pagan-a-espana-por-el-servicio-medico-de-sus-ciudadanos#.upjhoekpcno ) million euros due from other european social security agencies in 2012 . 
  so yeah , that 's 77 million euros we wo n't get back . 
  and that 's only one year . 
  edit : to be fair , it seems that [ the law has been changed ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/elmundosalud/2013/10/25/noticias/1382699048.html ) last october , and now the hospitals can require patients from other european countries to pay in advance , so then they can be paid back afterwards by their national healtcare systems . 
  funny that the uk and germany are proposing these restrictions , when they have 1 million retirees taking advantage of the spanish social security . 
  i really doubt the benefit tourism to those countries comes even close to that number . 
  it 's just high enough to make it not worth it . 
  i thought you were swedish , did you move ? 
  what 's so bad about germany 's police ? 
  serious question . 
  quite weird , taking into account there are no camels in lebanon . 
  spain is not a two-party system . 
  spanish was n't actually fake . 
  most of it were just random actual words . 
  excuse the correction , but grenada is a caribbean island and country . 
  the spanish city is called granada . 
  it 's not a dick move . 
  it would be dumb if romania accepted a free trade agreement with a country that may not even give visas to their citizens . 
  yeah , well , fuck you too . 
  you do n't like spain ? 
  that 's all right . 
  just keep that shit in your own mouth . 
  did n't they say that many europeans are related with charlemagne ? 
  if \u00d6tzi lived 5,300 years ago , most of us should be part of his offspring . 
  the problem is they were there to begin with . 
  the eu does nothing at all regarding the borders of italy , greece or anyone , but shedding a tear when some migrants die . 
  it 's those countries which are dealing with the issue by themselves . 
  there 's no eu here . 
  it would be more like people speaking scots learning english . 
  * etc , etc. 
  spain should try to become much closer to latin america , but damn , not for this kind of shit . 
  still it is absolutely sick how the whole gibraltar thing is being used in spain to divert attention from the economy , and how easily the people are falling for it . 
  and do really fake tanks parades belong in a school ? 
  but 9 to 7 with 1,5 hours lunch break is pretty common . 
  switching to a 9 to 5 - light lunch - early heavy dinner schedule could help increasing productivity and reconciliation between work and personal life . 
  10 hours at job plus commuting ( that in average means another 1-2 hours in cities like madrid or barcelona ) makes really difficult to do anything else but working from monday to friday , specially taking care of a family . 
  yeah , student life is easy . 
  could n't you just change it regardless of what spain did ? 
  it 's so cheesy i was hoping nobody would translate it . 
  in certain nights , wind power in spain has provided more than half of the total electric energy consumed . 
  i 've read in portugal has been even more . 
  of course , during the night the total consumption is lower than during the day but still . 
  if you are curious about the subject , you can check [ here ] ( https://demanda.ree.es/generacion_acumulada.html ) , how much electricity is consumed in real time and how it has been generated . 
  most of the leyend is pretty self-explanatory . 
  carb\u00f3n = coal . 
  ciclo combinado = combined cycle . 
  i 'm not answering your loaded question because what you are looking for is just pointing fingers from your high horse . 
  southern europe problems are to be dealt by southern europeans not but some swed bigot full of herself . 
  we know the shit in our countries pretty fucking well . 
  now , your whole discourse ( eu wasted founds , corruption , productivity ) is about making look northern europe the poor victim of some sort of scam by us southerners . 
  i already * reminded * you what 's the difference between receiving eu funds , selling debt and bail outs , and why in none of those northern europe had acted based on charity . 
  you got and still are getting your benefits , so do n't play the victim . 
   btw , it is you who added beoyond salvation and , moving to the rhineland , but that is just your idiotic assumptions and made up stories again . 
  it is odd , it is you that accuse me of lies , yet you are the irresponsible person who makes stuff up . 
  this comment makes me think you either did n't read or did n't understand my previous comment on productivity . 
  in the eu industry has been promoted in certain areas and dismantled in others . 
  other sectors like tourism or agriculture have been developed in other areas . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone , we all knew what we were getting into , but that has consequences .
