  industry = high productivity . 
  services = lower productivity . 
  a lower productivity is not necessarily wrong , it 's the sign of certain types of economic activity . 
  had n't you studied economics ? 
  i have already answered you , but you does n't seem to be paying much attention . 
  you are looking for someone to blame , and assuming we all should do it too , but we do n't . 
  your question itself is loaded . 
  what did n't you understand exactly about my comments on agriculture funds ? 
  you are implying southern europe has done nothing or done very little of value with any eu funds . 
  i 'm saying it 's has grown greatly , become richer than the eu average and if it 's still receiving eu funds is because of the eu policy for food independence . 
  you are the kind of person who post the same few ideas all over about this subject : 1 . 
  southern europe has wasted eu funds . 
  southern europe is corrupt beyond solution and we all must blame its people for it . 
  southern europe should become more productive ( cool let 's move all beach resorts to rheinland and its industry to mallorca ) . 
  i have debated all those points , but you keep asking the same questions over and over , showing that you just do n't give a fuck about any fact it 's presented to you . 
  you have already judged , condemned and executed southern europe . 
  cool , i guess for some reason it makes you feel better about yourself . 
  you tell me to grow balls ? 
  i tell you to grow up , igelkotten . 
   nor does it change the fact that you think that somehow southern europe is in no way responsible for that . 
  just out of curiosity - who is then ? 
  and , who is going to fix it then ? 
  for how many decades are they going to be on the receiving end ? 
  i ca n't find a historic evolution of the net contributions of the different eu countries . 
  however , checking their gdp grows spain and italy have grown up to the point where they are richer than average : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita they are still receiving money due to agricultural funds , whose utility and necessity is debatable . 
  that does not mean our countries are sinks of money , since agriculture is a minuscule part of italy or spain 's gdps . 
  the eu has decided that having food independence is important and decided to subsidize those guys . 
   so why call me a liar ? 
  you are the liar . 
  the reason i called you a liar was n't your comment about corruption , but you already know that , do n't you ? 
  absolutely . 
  a 1-2 hours lunch break is just retarded . 
  i used to leave home at 8 am and be back at 8 pm . 
  then buy groceries , cook , clean and try to disconnect from work in the next 3-4 hours before is bedtime . 
  how on earth do people with children make it ? 
  kind of off topic , but have you moved to france ? 
   just the same as you ca n't be danish , settle down in china and be recognized as chinese . 
  i believe we should aim for the american model and not the chinese . 
  i 'm for restricting immigration , and i believe massive immigration like what we have seen the last decades in many parts of europe is hurtful . 
  but the ones allowed to come , settle and pay taxes should also be fully accepted as danish , spaniards or whatever , and not just `` citizens '' . 
  you 'd have a hard time meeting an european that has gone to uni and * not * met a exchange student . 
  please do share . 
  and pretty [ big and scary looking ones ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_brown_bear ) , by the way . 
  and you said danish , not `` native danish '' . 
  the usa was not built by native americans , it was built by wasps , as denmark was not built but whatever people lived there before the danes ( germanic peoples were also immigrants in its day ) . 
  my point : you can be chinese looking and proudly call yourself american . 
  you are saying that ca n't happen in denmark . 
  this comment is actually for you , because i believe you confuse a few concepts : receiving eu funds , selling debt and being bailed out : * receiving eu funds : when countries join the eu they have to open their national markets to the more competitive eu market , meaning a lot of companies that survived on protectionism will quickly disappear without a chance of becoming more productive . 
  that happened with easter european industry or spanish mining . 
  eu funds are little more than a `` bribe '' to these countries , so they dismantle these sectors . 
  of course , once dismantled they : 1 . 
  stop producing cheap stuff that could compete with other more industrial countries ( guess which ones ) ; 2 . 
  start buying those goods from those countries ( may this have something to do with certain heavily exporting-focused economy in central europe ? ) . 
  i will add here something about productivity : productivity is not really about being a hard worker or working `` smart '' productivity is mainly about having industry . 
  a dude controlling a robot that makes a few 30000 $ cars a day is way more productive that the best waiter in the world . 
  tourism and service-based economies will never be as productive as industry-based ones . 
  productivity = money made by worker . 
  bmw = lots of money/few workers . 
  hotel = meh money/lots of workers . 
  * selling debt : many northern european countries and banks are buying spanish and italian debt . 
  they do n't do this for charity , that debt has a very succulent interest ( much higher months ago ) and will end up being very profitable . 
  if you want sweden to stop buying our debt that 's fine , but that would be a pretty stupid decision . 
  * being bailed out : being bailed out is basically being saved from bankruptcy by someone who can do it and believe your bankruptcy may hurt them worse than paying you that money . 
  countries may bail out banks ( as sweden did in the 90 's ) so their citizens do n't lose their savings . 
  greece or ireland ( but not spain nor italy ) have been bailed out for fear of what could have happened to the euro . 
  here i surprisingly agree with you , the euro was a mistake , specially for countries like spain and italy that now have no control of their own currency , while others ( well germany , probably not even france ) do . 
  again , bailouts are not result of charity but fear of losing what is a very profitable tool for some countries . 
  just one note more , about corruption . 
  those are * perception * index . 
  i do n't doubt there 's less corruption in richer countries like sweden or norway . 
  people up there live nice lives so why would they risk prison by being corrupt ? 
  but still , if you believe there 's no corruption at the government level you are making a point about nordic naivety . 
  you can definitely become american and people wo n't be calling you `` not american , but just an american citizen '' . 
  that 's kind of unfortunate . 
  you mean there ca n't be black , brown or asian danish people ? 
  they will never be truly danish , but merely `` danish citizens '' ? 
  even if they have lived there their own lives ? 
  that 's the benefit of getting rid of traditional animal husbandry . 
  in spain both the wolf and the brown bear have doubled its covered area from the 70 's : * [ wolf distribution in 1970 ( right ) ] ( http://www.belt.es/noticiasmdb/imagenes/0811076.jpg ) and [ 2006 ] ( http://www.belt.es/noticiasmdb/imagenes/0811077.jpg ) * [ brown bear distribution ] ( http://reintroduction.wikispaces.com/file/view/mapa_distribucion_oso_pardo.png/433108596/mapa_distribucion_oso_pardo.png ), 
   i 'd like for you to scientifically point out where my `` rants '' are wrong . 
  the ones i mentioned just after that phrase : read my comment . 
   so , stop asking for money then . 
  all i ask . 
  start paying for your own stuff and become net contributors . 
  i 'm not actually sorry , i was being sarcastic and making a point about how eu funds are not wasted . 
  if you are against the eu giving any money to the poorer regions , that 's fine , everybody is entitled to their opinion . 
  but do n't try to make it look like we have wasted it , because it 's not true and it 's not fair . 
   so , if italians are not responsible for berlusconi - who is ? 
  why do you feel the need to blame someone ? 
  bad leaders get elected , that shit happens in the usa , in italy , in spain and i bet it has happened in sweden . 
   assumptions . 
  i have never said that . 
  again , you are making idiotic assumptions that you can not prove . 
  how come i am not suprised . 
  you would n't be so happily blaming italians if you were aware that that kind of shit can happen in many places , not just italy . 
  i 'm making assumptions based on your comments . 
   however - calling the south sceptical , you are dreaming . 
  if one is sceptical , one do not vote for berlusconi , again and again . 
  same for greece , they have had decades of not if one truly is sceptical and want to improve things , one do not go down the road the italians and the greeks have . 
  i do n't believe southerners are specially skeptical .
