  america 's colonization was 99 % castillian . 
  because it was n't . 
  still , it was n't pretty . 
  spaniards took with them all the euro-asian diseases , specially cholera and smallpox . 
  this , together with the fall of all native institutions that could prevent it , caused one the biggest de-populations of history . 
  so much happened that year , but not all of it is to be proud : * the second day of the year , granada , the last muslim kingdom in spain , falls . 
  the whole peninsula is now ruled by either portugal or the castille-aragon dynastic union . 
  * the spanish jews , one of the biggest jewish communities at the time , are expelled . 
  most of them go to north africa and the ottoman empire , being the beginning of the sephardi diaspora . 
  * the first grammar of the spanish language is published by antonio de nebrija . 
  * christopher columbus arrives to the americas . 
  we are loud . 
  no , actually , no . 
  it 's just that you guys are too quiet . 
  taking into account the number of british living in spain , you can count there would be a bilateral agreement . 
  the british council , american tv series and reddit . 
  gibraltar is rightfully british , but the waters surrounding it are rightfully spanish , according with the treaty of utrecht . 
  this is the cause of all problems regarding gibraltar . 
  gibraltar illegally built an airport over spanish waters and illegally arrests spanish fishing boats when they are navigating waters that are by all means spanish . 
  the british also use the rock as garbage dump for their nuclear submarines , that drop their dirty and radioactive waters into the gulf of cadiz . 
  all this does not make the spaniards specially happy . 
  thieving reputation i guess, 
  moroccans are n't even arabs to begin with . 
  run , you fools !, 
  most today 's left is not marxist . 
  not even close . 
  then i guess spain is a first world country , since basically no one sleeps siesta anymore . 
  spain 's deficit and debt 's interest rate are in yearly minimums ( interest rate differential with germany was n't this low since summer 2011 ) , and the debt as gdp percent is still inferior than germany 's or the uk 's , but somehow , according to the telegraph , now it 's the moment to panic . 
   the latest imf fiscal monitor , published last month , comes about as close to declaring spain insolvent as you are ever likely to see in official analysis of this sort . 
  of course , it does n't actually say this outright . 
  in other words : the imf fiscal monitor is not saying anything like what the article states , but they are citing it as a source anyway . 
  and how is it called in german ? 
  please , tell me more . 
  do n't mind him . 
  catalans being catalans . 
  you say it like there 's something bad about that . 
  * rajoy has announced new budjet cuts , probably affecting retirement pensions . 
  * unemployment is at an all-time high , making obvious the failure of this government 's economic policy . 
  * real madrid & barcelona 's failures in the champion 's league . 
  it 's been a bad week . 
  valencia should be way , way darker . 
  also must of us would never ever go to a bullring . 
  it hurts every time i see spain represented as a * torero * . 
  the basque country and navarre do not give a cent to the rest of spain ( ever heard of the * fueros * ? ) . 
  economically , spain wo n't give a fuck if they secede or join morocco . 
  using secession to damage the rest of spain is a game catalonia should n't play . 
  you guys have the losing hand in it . 
  only * per capita * . 
  per capita , madrid is also richer than catalonia . 
  but catalonia has 1 million people more than madrid , so it 's richer overall , although not by much and madrid is getting closer every year . 
  i think you should be glad that people like me support your cause from madrid, 
  you see federalization as a solution . 
  i see it as an imposition from the secessionists to the rest of spain . 
  spain has been adapting its laws , its institutions , its economy and even its culture to make place for the so called * nacionalismos * for 35 years . 
  35 years later , catalans and basques are more demanding than ever , not only of rights but of privileges over the rest of regions . 
  and now other regions with no tradition of separatism are following yours steps so they can get the same privileges that you got . 
  federalization will not end your demands and will only weaken the country as a whole even more . 
  i ca n't wait for the day you guys get out . 
  on what bases are this agencies suggesting a downgrade of the german ratings ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  a country to which investors are willing to pay interests to buy their debt , somehow is not good enough to keep an aaa . 
  a majority of catalans want to become independent of spain . 
  a majority of catalans know that seceding without the rest of spain 's approval would mean : a ) military intervention , b ) leaving the eu , c ) having spain opposing every diplomatic movement of the new born government , d ) having spain economically bulling the new born government , e ) private companies massively leaving catalonia . 
  most spaniards are n't really far from accepting and even supporting the catalan independence . 
  having catalonia ( and the basques ) in spain means forcibly having a decentralized government , and all political discussion orbiting that single region that so many of us care so little about . 
  yes , catalonia is important in spain , but we can do without them and they can do without us . 
  at the end , the most likely scenario is simply a divorce . 
  * then spain can move on from just cheap cars and tourism * easier said than done . 
  i 'm guessing you are also spaniard , because that 's what all spaniards say : `` we should focus in technology and this and that '' . 
  sure , because we 're the only ones trying that . 
  even a highly technological industry is more competitive with a depreciated currency . 
  look south korea . 
  i 'm not blaming germany or the northern countries at all . 
  i blame the spanish government for joining the euro . 
  being in the euro had a lot to do with the housing bubble . 
  and joining the euro was n't going to magically solve all our corruption problems . 
   do n't see a scenario where this is not a bloodbath you must be very short-sighted . 
  spain has faced 3 periods of us great depression-level unemployment in the last 25 years . 
  also , the secessionist movements have been active for more than 2 centuries . 
  the situation is bad but it 's not the end of the world here . 
  the main worry right now is that the spanish government no longer has control over the currency . 
  but that ... can be fixed , even though europe 's not gon na like it . 
  foreigners do n't seem to realize that in the 90 's madrid suffered monthly terrorist attacks . 
  in the 80 's , spaniards were still wary of a military coup . 
  even in the current situation , spain is going through one of the most stable phases of its history . 
  yep , traditionally , spain has not been a stable country . 
  * entering the eu and the euro should have been the solution * really ? 
  how come ? 
  spain : a country which economy is based on cheap tourism and making cheap cars decides to join the same currency than people with much higher buying power . 
  prices rise to the sky . 
  competitiveness drops , but no one blames the euro , they blame the lazy spaniards who work more days , more hours and in much worse labor conditions than their neighbors . 
  spain needs out of the euro and depreciate the new currency so it can pay its debts . 
  so do italy , greece and even france and belgium . 
  i totally understand the position of the german government , but why the fuck did spain agree to join a currency which value would only vary if it was convenient for germany ? 
  if you have got no higher education and no knowledge of languages you will only get lame jobs for a few months top , and that if you are lucky . 
  but an useful degree and an advanced certificate in english go a very long way in this country . 
  have those two and you wo n't be unemployed for long . 
  spain is no longer the place to go for unskilled workforce and if you do have the skills you would be paid better in many other countries . 
  here 's where the data problem is : real-estate prizes in southern europe ( specially in spain ) are inflated , so calculating the average wealth of the spaniards based on real-estate value will of course give an inflated number . 
  spain has gone through one of the [ worst housing bubbles in history ] ( http://leverageacademy.com/blog/2012/05/09/bank-of-spain-nationalizes-bankia-property-bubble-bursting/ ) , worse that the japanese in the nineties .
