  edit : the pic [ has won fotography contests ] ( http://www.europapress.es/epsocial/inmigracion-00329/noticia-jose-palazon-prodein-premio-luis-valtuena-fotografia-valla-melilla-20141217110145.html ) , and i do n't think they 'd do that with a fake pic . 
  shitty economy but nice weather, 
  checking your history it seems you have said you were european on many comments . 
  were you lying then or now ? 
  i believe that except from pp+p odemos , all other coalitions are possible . 
  the next ones will probably be most interesting elections on the history of spanish democracy . 
  i ca n't believe bipartidism is finally dead . 
  edit : [ this graph ] ( http://i.gyazo.com/29a9f7991d87708024d4d28870dd500a.png ) illustrates well the rise of podemos and ciudadanos . 
  if you read my comments i do n't criticize your democracy , you 're fighting a straw man . 
  i make you responsible for the results of this democracy . 
  the people of switzerland are deciding to * democratically * screw the rest of europe by being a tax haven . 
   are we responsible for 23 % unemployment too ? 
  nah , just helping the corrupts to get away with their stolen money . 
   saying ` you ' as if i represented the entire you do realize that `` you '' is also a plural form , right ? 
  hint : stolen money can buy nice things . 
  that 's pretty much what i wrote , just in other words . 
  hint : i 'm not taking your advice . 
  you being a tax haven is directly hurting me , which makes it my problem too . 
  imagine , tomorrow the eu countries decide switzerland ca n't be a tax haven anymore , so it makes illegal for all its citizens to keep a single cent on a swiss account , with jail sentences for infractors . 
  boom . 
  next day billions of euros flee the country . 
  let me translate your comment : `` your country is poorer than mine so you 're not allowed to criticize any of our policies , even if they directly hurt your economy by helping tax evaders and corrupt politicians . '', 
  it 's the duero/douro depression . 
  i 'm sure they 'll soon organize a referendum to give it back . 
  oops , sorry , i forgot they only do that when it 's about screwing other europeans . 
  let 's not make this a thing ... 
   also i do not remember any vote on being a tax haven that 's the problem . 
  the people of switzerland have the power of changing their system and they 're not doing it because the current status benefits them . 
  look his other comments , he 's just one of those * rare * xenophobic swiss . 
  and the eu should act accordingly . 
  you are democratilly deciding to be a tax haven , which hurts the citizens of the rest of europe . 
  the decission being democratic does n't make it right or free you of its consequencies . 
  more like the opposite , as it means that 's the will of the people of switzerland . 
  did it hurt facing the reallity of how shitty your country is being today to the rest of world ? 
  well , fuck off , or try to do something against it . 
  otherwise ir may be imposed from other countries someday , and then it will be painful . 
  for many people spain is just those green parts surrounding the mediterranean . 
  and your true democracy is deciding actions that go against the interest of all the regular citizens of europe . 
  do n't expect any kind of sympathy for your people or your country . 
  yes , you guys . 
  it 's funny how * you * * guys * rushed to use your direct democracy to make life harder for migrants but have so little interest in doing anything to stop being a tax haven . 
  the people of switzerland have full responsability . 
  well , if it 's so irrelevant for you guys then stop harboring the money of every corrupt politician under the sun . 
  that nobody hates canada thing is just a reddit ciclejerk . 
  we almost got [ in a war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turbot_war ) in the 90s because they decided we could n't fish in international waters ( notice the `` not neutral '' template on the wiki article ) . 
  a big part of the european left is anti-american , which for some reason makes them pro-russian . 
  actually poland was acting pretty imperialistic in the interwar period , attacking lithuania , ukraine and annexing a piece of czechoslovakia . 
  one thing is to oppose separatism and other to make it illegal . 
  there are many legal separatist parties in spain . 
  you 're talking out of your ass here . 
  what ? 
  it 's not illegal to support separatism on spain ( or any other eu country afaik ) . 
  even separatist parties are legal . 
  otherwise we 'd have some really overpopulated prisons . 
   evant middle easterners most levant middle easterners are pretty white . 
  also those from the arabian peninsula . 
  but the cheese ... 
  no , but we 're probably getting there . 
  do n't forget our loving brothers to the south . 
  true . 
  well , that and the uk . 
  and france . 
  ... and morocco . 
  3 weeks later your questions were answered . 
  drugs . 
  when `` you were n't forced '' is your strongest argument you do n't have a strong argument . 
  the point is that you 're forcing the rest of countries to leave you . 
  they 're ready to fight to make europe a shithole though, 
  i also oppose all the interventions of european countries in the middle east in the last 20 years . 
  we would be better off with saddam , ghadaffi , mubarak and a stable assad in syria . 
  but bringing it up after a terrorist attack sounded like you 're against it for fear of retaliation from the muslims that are already in europe . 
  i suggest coastal artillery, 
  belgium sounds like a failed state . 
  the ones we have we 're stucked with them . 
  does n't mean it 's a good idea to bring more . 
   closing the border to all non white-europeans will do nothing to solve any problem it would actually have inmediatelly solved the problem . 
  no muslims : no madrid , london , paris or bruseels bombings . 
  and now tell me , why should europe let inmigrants in when they require more money to integrate that they will ever pay back via taxes . 
  they are a burden . 
  let this get into your skull : europe owes them nothing . 
  if they do n't intend to integrate and become exemplary citizens , they are welcome to go back to their countries . 
  it 's up to them to integrate . 
  stop blaming the victim . 
  they come to europe , they have to put the effort and integrate . 
  anything the state does to help them integrate is an extra and they should be grateful , but in no way they are entitled to it . 
  if the do n't want to integrate they should be taken back to their countries . 
  you guys are doormats . 
  this is not some act of nature or an accident killing people . 
  it 's some people who hate your guts , deciding to go and kill you out of hate . 
  looking at other way and pretending is not a big deal enables more and more of those people to be allowed in your country every day . 
   a silly terrorist attack . 
  yeah , keep burying your head in the sand , ostrich . 
  having monthly islamist attacks in europe is anything but `` silly '' . 
  even the french police did n't care about eta until then . 
  the terrorists would live , train and store their explosives in france , drive to madrid , blow up a bus and drive back to france , where nobody bothered them . 
  eta also takes a big chunk of the bars . 
  lots of love, 
  not sure . 
  i found it in / r/mapporn, 
  well , lenguages can be easily guessed , but what bothers me is that german and spanish have pretty much the same color .
