  i 'm going to eastern germany , so i hope i 'll have a better chance of using and improving my now really poor german . 
  edit : to expand a little on my experience in sweden : the university was easy ; way , way easier than in spain and we were talking the same exams than everybody else studying there . 
  college life there is amazing , it reminded me a little bit american movies about college , with crazy parties and stories . 
  only one little difference , in sweden it 's free !, 
  there would be parties organized by the own university few days before the exams season , and yes , everybody went . 
  quality of life is ridiculously high : people work less hours and make way more : you have students working in mcdonals making as much as parents in spain . 
  rent is cheap ( i live in madrid ) . 
  food is only slightly more expensive . 
  transport , services , drinks in bars were all cheaper than in madrid . 
  only gas and booze from systembolaget were considerably more expensive , so i always took a few bottles of whisky with me every time i flied from spain . 
  i also went to stockholm , and yes , everything seemed to be much more expensive there . 
  but sweden 's medium-sized cities ? 
  that 's were you want to go . 
  thirds , after moroccans and romanians . 
  spaniards are n't the largest group in the uk either , only the fastest growing , apparently . 
  well , said union is basically marxist , and its leader a member of the communist party , so you ca n't expect from them a lot of respect for private property . 
  stealing from supermarkets is still obviously illegal , and they are being prosecuted . 
  yeah , i know there is n't a lot of communist activism in the check republic , but i would say there are other reasons for that others than a ` superior mentality ' of yours , are n't there ? 
  yeah , because that 's not the last thing the country needs now . 
  why do you even bother asking ? 
  it 's the latter . 
  can they ? 
  yes . 
  will they ? 
  people wo n't go to those shows . 
  bullfighting survives because it has a very active minority of supporters , and it 's profitable , due partially to income from tourists ( mainly non-european ones ) . 
  in fact , many americans are fascinated about it because of the whole hemingway thing . 
  most spaniards dislike bullfighting , and i think that 's pretty well known across europe . 
  there 's even an anti-tautino ( anti-bullfighting ) party in spain . 
  edit : well , after reading your comments , i just downvoted the post all together . 
  you just seem to love the idea of europe boycotting spain for whatever reason . 
  it 's just an expression . 
  if you prefer it , i can say it this other way : it sucks . 
  are you sure it 's cracked ? 
  it 's for microsoft 's interest that its software it 's used in schools , so they usually do n't charge or charge very little for it . 
  tacky . 
  i do n't know why people are downvoting you . 
  i used to use openoffice and , unless it has improved a big lot , it was simply not up to the standard . 
  i 'm not only talking about advanced features , but instability , crashes , loading times , etc. 
  this is just a case of politicians taking measures not because they are profitable or convenient , but because they will give them good press and it will look like they are actually doing stuff . 
  strop with the crying , crybaby . 
  hahaha just have to ask why compa\u00f1eros ? 
  i 'd add pocoyo to the list . 
  yeah , well , it 's targeted to 3 year olds , but it is amazing . 
  does that number actually take into account where the goods where produced ? 
  also , i am guessing it mainly refers to services more than manufactured goods . 
  it 's in the industry where environmental and work conditions laws play a bigger role . 
  i am going to make a bold claim but that question is kind of loaded . 
  i know this goes against the russia-hate prevailing on this subreddit , but russia also has a couple of reasons to feel proud about its role in eastern europe . 
  yes , i know most of those countries have been severely fucked by russia through its history , but if it was n't by russia winning wwii , today there would not be any independent west slavic country , maybe not many slavic people either . 
  i think many europeans have bought the hollywood version of wwii , and fail to realize how much more russian was the victory than british or american . 
  sadly , online retail usually equals buying stuff directly from china . 
  europe already lost most of its production to china and now we 'll be losing the distribution as well . 
  then we complain on the lose of jobs and standard of living , and on how china violates any human or environmental standards . 
  i realize governments can not favor national companies when they are less competitive , but i wish we as consumers stopped supporting a system that will mean the death of all standards we once achieved . 
  gibraltar is not part of the eu . 
  for us it 's just too late . 
  he 's well known in his family at dinner time . 
  it 's still british . 
  ok , i 'll just res tag you as ` american ' . 
  my housing bubble is bigger , longer , tighter and more veiny than yours . 
  total legalization of all kind of drugs ' consumption + distribution + production is not gon na happen , not in one century , probably never . 
  so you will always have to go after the netoworks doing it . 
  although , europe-wide cannabis legalization would help imo . 
  a bear . 
  over blue . 
   danish people know it 's not the heroin substitute it 's been made out i have a very hard time believing than in any of your neighbouring countries - or in any european country - people see cannabis at the same leven as heroin . 
  people do n't smoke it out of lack of interest , high price or low availability . 
  they probably have like what , 50 prisoners ? 
  15 guys more already mean a 30 % rise . 
  and before someone replies that spain should just legalize drugs , or stop caring about the drugs crossing the country ( because someone 's gon na reply that ) : * it is not about spain 's drug use . 
  european consumers would have to stop buying drugs produced in those countries , either by stop using or by producing them locally . 
  the later may happen with marijuana , but you know legal cocaine production is just not gon na happen . 
  * drugs distribution mafias are organized and always violent . 
  extremly violent . 
  spain police being lenient with these networks could lead to spain ending up like mexico violence wise . 
  no thanks . 
  about spain , this country 's justive and penitenciary system are overwhelmed by the war on drugs . 
  70 % of imprisoned people are there due to drug related crimes . 
  spain is the gate to europe for south american and moroccoan drugs , and we are left alone to handle by ourselves the routes to northern europe . 
  i 'm very glad that you scandinavians can have so low rates of imprisoned people . 
  but please do n't start sucking your own cocks - as usual - over this issue . 
  australia would get a nice inside sea . 
  that 'd probably make it just more habitable than today . 
  dude , you all should just move to honderloo near apeldoorn and call it a day . 
  so barcelona gets all fucked up while madrid rests serenely on it 's plateau . 
  and how do you say we get this started ? 
  unless an unidentified object fell in the antarctica and suddently melted the ice . 
  of course that would be the last of our problems 15 years later , once the angels started atacking . 
  the iberian peninsula was histotically more populated than the british islands , up to the xix century . 
  the actual demographic beast of europe until that century had always been france , with up to 30 million people in 1800 . 
  that made him the third most populated country in the world and three times more than our beloved peninsula 's population or the british islands ' . 
  even the whole german speaking territories had only 20 million in 1800 . 
  with that geography , i think whatever culture dominated the rich french grassland would dominate western europe . 
  most people in reddit already speak english , so it 's easy to understand they 'd prefer not being dorced to learn another language . 
  in the other hand , very few people in spain would be ok with english as the official eu common language , reason being very few people in spain speak english . 
  you do not like spain . 
  we get it . 
  having sex with it . 
  funny how for the `` most shameful moment '' thread you do n't feel the need to honor your flag .
