real madrid and atl\u00e9tico ... 
  the beautiful slovakian sea and serbian shores . 
  pesetas were still used until 2002 , which is ... yeah , 12 years ago . 
  that data is simply risible . 
  i know it 's official , but it 's risible . 
  i guess it may be true when you look at the big picture , but day to day stuff became way , way more expensive in matter of weeks . 
  i used to do it to get a feeling of how expensive something was . 
  however now , 12 years later , 60 euros can buy way fewer stuff than 10.000 pesetas used to . 
  edit : actually , a week after having the euro , 60 $ could already buy way fewer stuff than 10.000 pts used to . 
  implying catalonia is n't one of the most , if not the most corrupt region in the country . 
  they now have exactly six influences . 
  the fifth column . 
  who afaik are arabs . 
  it 's actually an arab saying . 
  i against my brother , my brothers and i against my cousins , then my cousins , my brother and i against strangers . 
  so . . did you get beaten up ? 
  spain and usa are not `` everywhere '' . 
  they just happen to be two countries that suffered a housing bubble at the same time . 
  yup . 
  is n't he being sarcastic ? 
  rotherham abusers were muslim . 
  close the door after leaving . 
  from the posters hanging on the walls it seems they have a sale on old mustached guys . 
  yes we are very racist . 
  to fix that we must give more handouts to minorities , open our borders to all immigrants without any job skill and allow sharia law to show how tolerant we are of other religions . 
  of course the rest of the world is allowed to do whatever the fuck they want in their own countries . 
  but not us . 
  he has the bedroom in the electronics department . 
  with even a huge poster of his face ? 
  really ? 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  in my opinion , many spanish have kind of an inferiority complex . 
  in short , the feeling is : * the french do n't like us * . 
  this general attitude means that people will magnify any problem with the french , no matter how small , since it will be seen as part of this imagined long timed hatred . 
  a couple of examples of how ludicrous this can get : in the 90 's , french farmers were on a strike and as protest , they decided to stop spanish trucks carrying vegetables crossing the border and throw away their content on the road . 
  i 'm sure most french people have no idea what i 'm talking about , but every spanish know of this story : `` los franceses nos tiran los tomates ! '', 
  ( they throw away our tomatoes ! ) . 
  another example : many spanish people claim than there is a french saying that goes as follows : * africa starts on the pyrenees * , and that this is common opinion among frenchmen . 
  of course , i 've only ever heard this phrase from fellow spaniards , not even a single time from a french guy . 
  but still , it 's the french . 
  [ so believes nato ] ( http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/12102014 ) . 
  putin supports assad in syria . 
  turkey is supporting all the rebels but the kurds , including isis . 
  far-right in those who were n't hit by the crisis . 
  far-left in those who were . 
  germany is , but not very efficiently , since you guys have prioritized the closing of all the nuclear plants over the gas ones . 
  we 're neighbors so we 've got history . 
  kinda . 
  probably not so much , since it 's been longer , but there 's still plenty of anti-american , chinese , russian and even british and french feelings . 
  wanting out as soon as things look a bit tough ? 
  i 'd say that has more to do with thw [ population density ] ( http://www.library.uu.nl/kaartenzaal/softwaresite/beschrijvingen/atlasbrd.gif ) than the economy . 
  saxony seems to be pretty bright . 
  i think not liking anybody , specially foreign powers , is typical of former powers currently diminished . 
  east germany had 16 million vs 60-65 if west germany , so the ratios are not similar . 
  still ? 
  when have we been like that ? 
  i 'm guessing they did n't take the subway . 
  a charred corpse and fedora . 
  invest ? 
  we here are a small , small subgroup of europe 's population . 
  i would n't expect an english language show to have much success in a big part of europe . 
  the euro version of the classic `` prank in the hood gone wrong '' . 
  you may struggle to find spanish speakers if you go to a coastal touristy resort and may have the chance to experience the interesting world of uk-chav/german-pensionist culture . 
  that kind of pan-euopean media projects would have a huge handicap : the language . 
  such shows probably exist in most european countries . 
  for spain , check `` el intermedio '' . 
  they focus heavily on national politics , but of course there 's now and then a reference to merkel , hollande , cameron or some other leaders from other countries when they 're relevant to spain/do something specially funny . 
  as you can imagine , this show is in spanish . 
  it 's usually pretty funny though . 
  the whole city of bratislava seems to be an organized scam for tourists coming from vienna/danube cruises . 
  how come there is no restaurant in downtown where you can it for less than 10 $ ? 
  even prague , that 's way more touristy , is cheaper . 
  lol at the british bringing up gib in every thread related with spain , but then it is * us * who are obsessed about it . 
  even if it has no cure , ebola has not a 100 % mortality and there are some treatments . 
  they do n't stay in spain , most of them continue to france and the uk . 
   castilla y le\u00f3n since people is not only very religious there but also very conservative castilla y le\u00f3n is like 90 % old people . 
  you are thinking of the benelux . 
  it 's a starship troopers reference . 
   most of the people who are treated in developed countries survive simply not true , check [ marburg virus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marburg_virus ) . 
  we are fucked . 
  i do n't think lampedusa is by itself an eu region . 
  semitropical weather all year round and cheap flights . 
  awesome pics , specially the ones from not so touristy places . 
  lfkar, 
  there 's no way spain and greece wo n't be part of merkelreich . 
  is hungary really cloudier than germany ? 
  nice detail giving russia the rainbow flag . 
  the current one has been the flag since the 18th century including the first republic , so it 's not only for monarchists . 
  in case someone is confused he 's suspending the promotional campaign , not the referendum itself . 
  it 's really weird and disconcerting what has happen with the spanish navy and naval industry . 
  before entering the eu , spain was the third country in civil and military ship building . 
  today we are insignificant , former regions that used to live off the shipyards suffer record unemployment even for spansh standards . 
  spain has one single submarine . 
  it makes you wonder what kind of secret deals where signed for joining the eu . 
  well , taking into account the planes were going to crash with a couple 500m towers , they could n't be flying very high ... 
  the russian federation is not an ally anymore . 
  there is a real risk those ships will be used against nato countries and there is a real risk of war . 
  it may be sound far-fetched , but an invasion of ukraine sounded even more far-fetched two years ago . 
  nobody can expect france to sell weapons to whom now is a potential enemy , even if there is a contract signed . 
  where have you seen middle-eastern beggars ?
