  africa was doomed to be run over by external powers , sooner or later , one way or another . 
  you 're wrong to blame the people there . 
  the whole word economy was largely agrarian until the 20th century , that does n't have much to do with my point . 
  you 're going on a tangent to blame the african people for their misery , which is absurd . 
  not every problem in the world is someone 's fault . 
  whose fault were china 's defeats against the uk ? 
  the chinese emperor 's ? 
  the british queen ? 
  the world 's gears go much further than that . 
  you can find personal responsibility for personal actions , but trying to blame one whole continents problems on the whole lots of its inhabitants is absurd . 
  it 's the cheap simplicity of your argument what i find wrong , not it 's `` harshness '' . 
  projecting much ? 
  when capitalism arrived to east asia it wrecked havoc even though east asian empires had already a mercantilist economy . 
  when capitalism arrived to black africa , a majority of the continent was still tribal . 
  yeah , i was expecting this replay . 
  i did n't say africa 's current situation is white people 's fault , but blaming `` the natives '' is ever more unfair . 
  africa 's situation is the result of a whole continent forced to suddenly adapt to an economic system who developed for centuries , thousands of kilometers away . 
  in a way it 's like blaming the aztecs for dying from smallpox . 
   their people fucked it up though . 
  yeah , it 's not like colonialism had anything to do with it at all . 
  did spain regain western sahara ? 
  where do you live ? 
  except from munich , stuttgart and hamburg , food and clothing prices in germany are comparable with spain . 
  the african community in spain is small so it can be more easily integrated . 
  i 'd say spain got lucky with immigration because most of them came from romania and latin america which are culturally close . 
  the only group that is both big and culturally far are the moroccans . 
  mercator 's fault . 
  europe 's economy is more than 10 times that of russia and we have local uranium sources . 
  in case of conflict europe could have a nuclear arsenal that would the russian look tiny . 
   eu bases in the americas that would never happen , not just because it would mean a huge cession by the us , but because the americas are strategically not very important to europe . 
  europe 's focus is africa , the middle east and central asia . 
  which is why a western european united army is more feasible , since is way less controversial . 
  after that the east can join if they want to . 
  the sun brightness in that picture has the shape of spain . 
   minor nitpick -- it was arvanites & muslim albanians ( formerly called `` turcoalbanians '' ) that made up most of athens . 
  what , is that actually true ? 
  i though the guy was trolling . 
  yeah , it 's influential among spain 's conservatives , including the currently ruling party . 
  mostly in the south-east . 
  the center and north of the country do n't have earthquakes . 
  horsefaced spain, 
   arabs , they 're not any different than jordanians or saudis or other arabs as far as their ethnicity goes that 's really ignorant . 
  palestinians are indeed very different from jordanians and especially saudis ( ! ) . 
  they are closer to syrians or lebanese , but still there 's plenty differences between them . 
  it sounds you 're trying to make them look all the same so you can justify israel taking all of their land forever . 
  they can go to any other arab country after all . 
   as you make it seem i did n't say `` start '' . 
  it 's rather annoying when someone intentionally misreads your post . 
  secessionism was a fringe movement back then when spain was a centralized state , just like it is today in france . 
  had spain given no concessions , it would have remained like that . 
  i do n't find that paragraph in the link you posted , but regardless , what is official is what was published in the government bulletin boe , which is the text i copied and clearly states that `` catalan must normally be used in blah blah all materials and activities , except in the spanish language and literature and other foreign languages courses '' . 
  the `` normally '' bit maybe open to interpretation , but seems to only leave room to the exceptions listed next . 
  [ i guess the law is a lie then ] ( https://www.boe.es/buscar/act.php?id=boe-a-2009-13038 ) . 
  bilingual schools are definitely not the status quo . 
  education in catalonia is 90 % in catalan , only the spanish language class is taught in spanish , and there is no alternative . 
  public schools were education is 50-50 % spanish-catalan simply do n't exist . 
  agree to disagree . 
  one of the reasons pp is getting voted despite being the most corrupt party and a cancer to spain is their position on catalonia . 
  they seem the least likely to compromise , and many spaniards like myself are tired of every single compromise backfiring and creating more secessionism . 
  the percent of people who see themselves as repressed has only grown , and now they call everything `` repression '' . 
  the government asking them to have bi-lingual schools instead of only 100 % catalan ones would be seen as repression , pp being against them calling themselves a nation was seen as repression , them paying their fair share to poorer regions is seen as repression . 
  the reality is : catalans live in a free society , and there has n't been any significant repression for 40 years . 
  why have their demands only grown ? 
  because now they 're getting something . 
  they 've smelt blood and want more . 
  giving in any further will only make the situation worse . 
  i would n't say scapegoat , but many catalans believe their society would improve by simply not being part of spain . 
  as if spain , and not also the own catalan society , was the only source of all their problems . 
  my opinion is that an independent catalonia would have just the same problems they have today , plus all the new problems from the secession process . 
  because people see it as an endless slope . 
  * spain was a centralized country so autonomy was given to appease the nationalists : more of them became secessionists . 
  * autonomous regions were given more competences to appease the nationalists : more of them became secessionists . 
  * autonomous regions were given healthcare and education competencies : more of them became secessionists * autonomous regions were allowed to call themselves nations on their statutes : more of them became secessionists now they want to turn spain into a federal state . 
  what do you think will be the result ? 
  many of us believe secessionism would n't be so strong if spain had remained a central state . 
  as the spanish saying goes : we gave them a hand and they took the whole arm . 
  i have n't said boats ca n't get to china , but that they have to go through other country 's waters . 
  in case of conflict , that would be problem for china . 
  there 's no way erdogan is gon na blame the only ally he has left . 
  i also doubt saudi arabia would support a kemalist coup , although erdogan is trying hard to paint it as a gulenist coup . 
  in spain , you can easily find decent t-shirts for 5 euros if you do n't care about the brand . 
  i do n't think they really are protected , i think it 's more about how our police forces work . 
  the police base their power in their ability to make you suffer long term consequences : a criminal record , fines , and in the worst case prison . 
  most of these people care mostly about the short term , so these threats are n't very scary to them . 
  in third world countries , where this is widespread , the police , first thing , give you a beating . 
  that 's not gon na happen in europe , so we 're stuck with the problem that only law avowing citizens care about the law . 
  who cares about the general mood . 
  prove them wrong . 
  more like 40 , but spain , portugal and greece 's regimes in the 70 's do n't look all that different compared with today 's turkey . 
  destructive crises come always after golden times . 
  one can only fall from the top . 
  china lacks a clear way to international waters , since any boats have to sail through russian , japanese , taiwanese or philippine waters . 
  they want such clear way and the easiest way to get it is having back taiwan , which as of today , will only happen by force . 
  germany is probably too densely populated to use nuclear energy . 
  in comparison ; france , spain or sweden have big areas with a very low population density , which makes nuclear plants safer . 
   in theory this can cause bidding war between employers and hyperinflation . 
  has it ever happened in reality ? 
  you seem to be unfamiliar with sarcasm . 
  if they were to remain , they should n't be allowed to keep any of the privileges they currently have , like the `` uk rebate '' . 
   give them a hand just before they drown which is exactly what the uk did to france in wwii .
