  just check the attitude in this thread from those supporting the catalan independence to those who are wearing it even as a flair . 
  any criticism gets you accused of being fascist and following right wing media ( i actually do n't read any spanish media at all ) . 
  wtf the propaganda is strong in this one, 
  i have you tagged as `` bitch-slapped '' and have no idea why . 
  the obvious answer is germany . 
  800.000 `` refugees '' ca n't be wrong . 
  `` help '', 
  we must be reading very different threads . 
  if there 's some group who are being irrational are the catalan-estelada-flair guys . 
  did you just go full retarded ? 
   what about those millions of catalans that want independence from spain , have they all been deluded by ma kinda . 
  i 'm aware separatism is very popular among catalans , although hopefully not majoritary . 
  but i really doubt mas is really considering secession . 
  he 's using it to lure the secessionist voters , as he 's done it again and again . 
  the guy has had a terrible term , has failed to deliver pretty much all his promises and here he is , close to get elected again just by saying he 's gon na declare independence . 
  i do n't think he 'll do it . 
  there are more and less reasonable people . 
  to be honest , the economic argument is the one i understand the most , although i do n't share it . 
  it 's those who base their secessionism in ethnic and victimist arguments who are kind of scary . 
  the 50 % of catalans who speak spanish as a mother language would immediately become second class citizens if it was up to those people . 
  apparently it was a thing in the civil war because they spoke weird , like some foreign country , and poland sounded foreign enough . 
  nowadays i only hear it from catalans assuring that 's how they 're called in the rest of spain . 
  they even have that show `` polonia '' referring to it . 
  yeah , no one calls you that . 
  not witty enough . 
  but catalan victimism always finds a way . 
  mas , the politician who 's pretty much leading this movement , is an expert in blue-balling the catalan people with the idea of independence , doing all kind of symbolic gestures , non-binding referenda , etc , that end up leading nowhere . 
  i think it 's difficult to predict what will happen , but looking at that guy 's trajectory is hard not to think that this will also deflate like a balloon when the time to declare independence comes . 
  when did america learn to speak russian ? 
  the guy started his comment with `` i will bet you that ... '' . 
  even if he did n't we all know it 's his opinion , that 's what comments are for . 
  you 're just splitting hairs . 
  switzerland is an internationally recognized country though . 
  but i do n't think sepharon would have any serious problems , spain would still consider him a citizen . 
  that wo n't stop them as long as they can blame madrid . 
  catalan people seem to buy that . 
  it can also lead to more radicalization in the rest of spain , and a desire for a strong government that will fix the situation . 
  wishful thinking . 
   however , `` romani houses '' are now almost empty because they left for germany , their neighbors say . 
  i can only assume those neighbors will be crying daily about their departure . 
  knowing how germany acts towards other europeans , it 's more likely they 'll close the border to them while still taking muslims by the thousands . 
   the mediterranean is not a deterrent . 
  as spain , france , italy and greece will tell you . 
  the mediterranean can be a good enough deterrent if there is a stable , willing government on the african side . 
  the main reason spain is not receiving nearly as many immigrants as greece of italy is our cooperation with morocco , while italy has to deal with a non-existent libyan government and i 'm guessing turkey is n't doing much to stop those trying to get in greece . 
  i 'm just astonished by german sense of solidarity : they 're willing to bring in million of immigrants that will just never integrate , while constantly fucking the rest of europe in the ass as hard as they can . 
  but now they 're open to take millions from culturally incompatible countries . 
  this is just crazy . 
  literally millions . 
  so harassment . 
  got it . 
  love them, 
  dank and thick, 
  nah , they were colonies all right . 
  germans are just still bitter for missing out colonizing the world . 
  most of them went to jewish bankers in netherlands and the holly roman empire . 
  i wonder ... 
  i wonder what ended up happening with that gold ... 
  seriously ? 
  there 's plenty of news sources in the west that constantly picture russia positively , including rt. 
  there you have [ an example ] ( http://kaosenlared.net ) . 
  any news channel half as propagandistic as rt in support of the west would have zero chance of existing in russia . 
  zero . 
  we have freedom of press . 
  it 's in our laws , in our constitutions . 
  you guys just do n't , and most do n't seem to care . 
  oh yeah , we do . 
  well , he seems to be doing a terrible job . 
  what ? 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  just tagged you as `` dumbass '' . 
   `` returning democracy to these countries '' is this russian for `` invading and ruining their countries '' ? 
  because you already did that to romania and bulgaria , and it does n't seem you ever gave them back their gold . 
   romania , bulgaria and spain demand romania 's , bulgaria 's and spain 's gold ftfy, 
  and spain 's . 
  your confirming me right . 
  the places with less poverty are those with less population growth , while in those states when people keep breeding like crazy they remain poor and will remain poor as long as they keep doing it . 
  i 'm not implying all the people in your country are like that , but the children of those who chose to have many will always be more likely to be poor , since their parents ca n't provide as well for their education . 
  that 's cause -  effect . 
  colonization ? 
  many of these guys ca n't read , let alone establish a colony . 
  we set a fence , armed guards , and return every single person that comes illegally and its game over . 
  problem is a big part of our population tend to have some saint complex in which they feel it 's morally wrong to prioritize our self interest over showing how charitable we are to everyone and their mother . 
  they 'll end up learning the hard way . 
  so they can have more hungry children for us to feed . 
  sorry but india is a terrible counter example . 
  if you guys want your country to leave poverty , you should find a way to reduce the population growth . 
  and fast . 
  that 's the main reason why china is becoming a developed country while half of india is still living in misery . 
  they put a limit to population growth so there could be some wealth . 
  they 'll never improve because they keep having children like rabbits . 
  if they had two children instead of ten , they would prosper . 
  but no , they have to surpass in population china , india and europe together and then come to europe because they 're too poor to feed them . 
   she was captured , tortured , raped ok . you 're just making shit up . 
  it was n't the republican 's gold , but spain 's , so it was n't in the hands of the government to give it away . 
  if this was any of their countries they 'd be shot the moment they approached the border . 
  republic or fascists it was spain 's , not russia 's money . 
   there isnt enough support for parents to have children and a job . 
  dude , germany is literally one of the countries in the world that help parents the most . 
  that 's definitely not the reason .
