  or maybe just do n't send arschlochs like this particular guy . 
  the spanish goal is that they leave the eu along uk , then make life as hard as possible for them so the people there will support a british-spanish joint ownership of gibraltar , with which they 'd become eu citizens again . 
  they need a majority to pass laws and every yearly budget , so they 'd need at least psoe to support them . 
  also theoretically all other parties would be able to pass laws if they get together and outvote pp . 
  all pp voters i know are old relatives who are scared of catalonia becoming independent or podemos `` turning spain into venezuela '' . 
  spain has lots of such old people . 
  psoe will abstain and rajoy will govern in minority . 
  no one votes pp enthusiastically . 
  it 's the vote of fear of change . 
  / r/the _ donald is that way  , 
  countries look for their own interests , not for being consistent or fair . 
  if spain can have its cake and eat it , it will . 
  spain will sign an agreement to let them stay without much trouble . 
  spain loves to have all those pensioners living here . 
  this day we fight . 
  by all that you hold dear on this good earth , i bid you stand , men of the west !, 
  you just summarized the current eu : the multi-nationals love it , the people hate it . 
  that does n't sound thaaat stupid to be honest . 
  that sounds intentionally offensive , which again makes me think they were mocking you in your face ? 
  sounds more than assholes than stupid people . 
  they 're either mocking you or 10 year old . 
  [ we are already above 2007 levels ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/spain/gdp_per_capita_%28ppp%29.html ) . 
  spain was only 2 non-consecutive years in recession . 
  the actual problems in spain are unemployment and inequality . 
  the gdp did n't suffer thaaat much . 
  it 's quarterly , not annual . 
  you do n't seem to be aware of spain 's position on gibraltar . 
  spain does not see gibraltar as part of spain but considers that it has no territorial waters , as it was stated in the peace agreement where it was lost to the uk . 
  the uk considers it does . 
  spain would not invade gibraltar , but could try to convince the eu to take its side in the controversy about the waters . 
  has any leader used that as a threat ? 
  anything east of the rhine and north of carpathians , plus scotland and ireland . 
  the roman empire was more mediterranean than european . 
  spain and i think the others , already have camps in those places , it would just be a matter of building more . 
  the eu would n't even need to bribe anyone , since those places are already eu land . 
  the local population wo n't be more unhappy about having more camps than about having homeless immigrants roaming around . 
  it seems to me it will be even easier to implement that in australia 's case . 
  it 's just a matter of political will . 
  ceuta , melilla , lampedusa and lesbos . 
  they already play that role in many ways . 
  you do n't have so many muslims because some german-naturalized muslims are moving to your country , but because your government keeps and will keep bringing pakistanis by the thousands . 
  naturalization takes 5-8 years usually . 
  it 's so unlikely that a german , spanish , french , whatever-naturalized muslim will move to the uk after that process that i do n't understand how that could be a point at all . 
  even if you leave , your government will keep filling your country with muslims . 
  it was your government which always was the problem , not the eu . 
  this may be just semantics , but i think heritage means more than that . 
  does europe has now arabic heritage because we use arabic numerals and love coffee ? 
  does it have aztec heritage because we 're crazy about chocolate ? 
  do all the american culture and products that we consume give us american heritage ? 
  for some countries , the roman empire is still part of their own history , language and landscape . 
  for some others , it is n't . 
  that 's heritage to me . 
  the relation between allowing muslim immigration and remaining in the eu seems vague as fuck . 
  it seems you guys feel the eu is forcing you to take muslim immigrants , but it does n't seem like any of your governments has fought against muslim immigration at all , so why blame the eu ? 
  again , a scapegoat . 
  all those areas which never were roman ? 
  christian , frankish or gothic heritage does not translate as `` roman '' , just because they transmitted some of rome 's principles by proxy . 
  problematic for the uk . 
  i doubt the brits are choosing leaving out of some sense of solidarity . 
  it does though , because now it 's not our hands and leg 's work that 's being replaced . 
  our brains capacity is limited , but the level of complexity that automation can reach is not . 
  i 'd argue that there are many people who , given their skills and capabilities , can already be 100 % replaced by a machine . 
  some , maybe many , humans ca n't . 
  not everybody can be a doctor , a researcher , an artist or an engineer . 
  it seems there 's a lot of people already who ca n't provide anything of value . 
  the move the capital to rome and change the name to something more ... imperial . 
  is immigration from other eu countries really that problematic ? 
  i know there 's plenty of spanish , italians and polish in uk 's big cities , but those are n't exactly the type of immigrants involved in the gang sex violence or terrorism . 
  seems like a scapegoat . 
   the hostile attitude of spain and france . 
  spain has suggested that it might claim sovereignty over gibraltar if britain left the european union , and france has warned that it will not be so rigorous in policing the migrants camping out in calais . 
  adding to that , the eu would n't be expected to remain neutral for the next controversy between uk and a eu country . 
  it would even become possible that the spanish position over gibraltar waters , would become the official eu position . 
  a big part of europe , including some of the wealthiest regions , has no roman heritage . 
   the idea that science ca n't be made marketable is surprising to me . 
  and where did you read that ? 
  in all those fields you listed , the people making big money are upper management and sales , not the post-doc guy testing samples in some windowless lab . 
  i do n't think you understood my comment . 
  what i 'm saying is that the people doing science do n't get a salary anywhere close as people in management and the business world . 
  there is a big leap between academia ( universities , scientific institutes ) and business . 
  the people who are doing actual science are not doing it to get rich , because no one gets rich by doing that . 
  no one gets rich in academia . 
   out of the goodness of their own heart usually not that , but out of pride and a need of praise and recognition . 
  academia is in fact full of petulant douches . 
  it 's about the atmosphere they want in the local . 
  they want it to be just like a british club . 
   on costumers with less money the nerve ... plenty of spanish people have more money than a bunch of british teenagers . 
  all americans living abroad that i 've met make a honest effort to learn the local language . 
  they may suck at it , but they try . 
  it 's not . 
  i 've seen it first hand in malaga . 
  its probably right . 
  socially , most people drink beer , and fewer and fewer people drink a glass of wine with lunch or dinner . 
  i 'm counting everything . 
  maximum estimates give madrid metro 6 million , and bcn 4.5 million . 
  others give madrid 5 and bcn 3,5 . 
  city proper , madrid has 3 and bcn 1.5 , so that 1.5 million is kept in pretty much any definition of metropolitan area . 
  there 's no official definitions , so i 'm just listing the numbers from different studies . 
   madrid and barcelona areas are pretty much equal in population they 're not . 
  madrid metro has 1,5 million more than bcn .
