  it is possible to get hunting weapons without much trouble , including rifles , shotguns and modified assault rifles ( smaller caliber , very small magazine and only semi-automatic ) . 
  english teacher . 
  and ireland . 
  the pseudo epic music kind of ruins it , but at least it is n't requiem for a dream . 
  no tax is low in sweden . 
  celo too . 
  but as far as i know celo is short from [ celof\u00e1n ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/celof%c3%a1n ) . 
  in the right side of the chart , car producers . 
  in the left , car buyers . 
  * clinex ( from kleenex ) : tissues * crispis ( from crispies ) : breakfast cereal, 
  so this is how the uk leaves the eu . 
  more like phonetics, 
  yay multiculturalism . 
  let 's keep bringing the worse and poorer froom every country . 
   spain/portugal as well funny . 
  spain was for many years before this crisis the only big country respecting the eu budget limits , while france and germany did whatever they pleased . 
  of course then nobody cared . 
  gdp per capita : * ukraine : $ 3,862 * vietnam : $ 4,001 * iraq : $ 7,100 you are underestimating how poor ukraine is . 
  king fernando viii : he was captured by napoleon . 
  the spaniards fought to bring him back to power , and during his exile the people proclaimed the first spanish constitution , creating a parliament and grating rights to the people . 
  when he finally came back the first thing he did was revoque the constitution and start repression against its supporters . 
  his horrible reign was the main reason for the independance of most spanish colonies . 
  godoy : sold spain to napoleon . 
  we 're good at a bunch of stuff nobody here cares about, 
  football . 
  ... you must be german . 
  california . 
  it seems like spain but richer and with more earthquakes and porn stars . 
  and by 2030 finland will be a russian oblast . 
  alhambra , maybe it could provide the drill promotion for all non-air units trained in the city where it was built ... or something . 
  all those + grosso modo , a priori/posteriori , ad infinitum/nauseam , post mortem , and [ a bunch more ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/anexo:locuciones_latinas ) . 
  i 'm guessing most of those are used in english too . 
  you should play victoria , it may be the best game by paradox . 
  i love you :( . 
  just kidding , gib bak our clay . 
  hahahaha just kidding, 
  c'mon , they have the best hash in the world, 
  kingdom of fyrm, 
  romans . 
  the south remembers . 
  no country is prepared for exceptional cases like this . 
  it 's just not worth it having double or triple the regular resources just in case there is some extreme fire . 
  are you talking about meneame ? 
  because that does n't sound like it . 
  first article is from 27 min ago and has 61 comments . 
  more popular ones usually have hundreds , and new threads are submitted every minute . 
  spain 's internet communities are very alive : meneame , forocoches , meristation , mediavida ... the amount of time wasted on those sites would explain by itself the economic crisis . 
  i 've been trying to find some communities like those in german and i have n't found anything remotely similar in size and activity . 
  edit : if you guys know any active german forums , i 'd appreciate the link , btw . 
  i want to waste my time in a different language . 
  that was n't castille but aragon . 
  the fact that you have n't heard anything does n't mean much . 
  iberdrola , repsol , telef\u00f3nca and banco santander have by themselves more influence in latin america than china , russia or most european countries . 
  only usa tops spain as investor in latam . 
  last time we did we ended up conquering a couple continents , caused the deadliest plagues in history , warred against anyone who looked the pope the wrong way and kicked from the country whomever was n't 100 % catholic . 
  we 're still hangover . 
  i had to google ` marshrutkas ', 
  let 's hope they do n't dare to ask a ransom to give back the corpses like the russians used to do in chechnya . 
  i think that happens in most former powers . 
  yeah i know , i 'm spaniard . 
  i do find however many putin supporters specially in those groups that are somehow anti-american , like most of the spanish left . 
  it 's worrying that the youngest are the most delusional and most willing to believe propaganda . 
  i 'm surprised spain and latin america is that low , specially venezuela . 
  one by one , putin 's losing all his allies in europe . 
  it 'd probably involve plutonium . 
  well , it 's too late for that . 
  there are 200 dead eu citizens . 
   dutch troops should be on the ground and you guys should n't be alone there . 
  i 've seen pro-russians using many stupid excuses to blame ukraine of the accident , but it 's gon na be almost funny if they try to stand for this one . 
  it 's not unlikely . 
  it 's unlikely that it would stop the secessionists , though . 
  they 'd just take it as a middle step to achieve their final goal of breaking up from spain . 
  that 's why many see it as kind of pointless . 
  fellow madrile\u00f1o here . 
  apparently , to disassemble perfectly profitable and safe nuclear plants . 
  what 's the general opinion on the ukrainian crisis ? 
  how are putin and the pro-russian separatists seen there ? 
  eu is the biggest economy in the world , do n't try tell me we can only `` cut one or two of hundred of his money streams '' . 
  add the us to the sanctions and russia will fall to where they were in 1991 . 
  germany and east europe need to fix their russian gas addiction . 
  that 's what 's forcing us to act like pussies in this whole business . 
  putin 's acting as a prey animal . 
  he first teased , saw the eu was n't willing to stand up so he became more more and more aggressive . 
  how long until he starts messing with the russian minorities in the baltics ? 
  that would mean the new enlarged romanian state would have a direct border with russia . 
  not good ... 
  the whole point of nato is being stronger against russia in case of war . 
  if it was true that the us would never ever go to war with russia , then nato would n't exist to begin with . 
  the eu is a bunch of incompetent and corrupt leaders . 
  i have zero expectations of an appropriate response unless some country like netherlands is willing to take the lead . 
   maybe such values are indeed moving eastwards , moving out of the uk ? 
  burn !, 
  given how shitty the political situation has got in spain , you may be up to something . 
   a special mix of fools and advanced missile technology the best definition i 've read so far for the east-ukrainian rebels . 
   if not there 's no use in having a discussion . 
  it 's you who started replying me , i have no interest in having a discussion with you . 
  can i change my answer so you believe i 'm an hypocrite and leave me alone ? 
  ad hominem attacks are the most common logical fallacies , and that 's just what you are doing . 
  regarding me , i 'm from madrid . 
  you can take from there my views on independentism .
