  fixed the name now : x but i agree , the other parties should not be forced to cooperate with them , but the fact that they are able to attract so many voters mean that there is a problem that needs to be debated more in my opinion, 
  haha , shit , my bad !, 
  might be a somewhat `` edgy '' opinion , but i feel like the lack of `` open debate '' about immigration in sweden will backfire . 
  that and the fact that the popular rightwing party sverigedemokraterna is shunned by the other parties make a part of the voterbase not heard, 
  russia finally released the norwegian fishing ship today , showing a soft side, 
  haha !, 
  those women look absolutely nasty . 
  i would n't touch them with an ugly stick, 
  the car is a potential weapon though, 
  never knew that problem existed , neat that they are becoming so easily available then, 
  i have seen some posts about people wondering if norwegian ladies would want to sleep with them since they have norwegian heritage , and apparently all ladies here are sluts since casual drunk sex is normal here . 
  i personally do n't care , people can fuck as much as they want as long as there is mutual consent, 
  i remember rubber bands were popular fidgeting `` toys '' when i was a child :p, 
  exactly what is it ? 
  is it a toy ? 
  what does it do ? 
  same . 
  did you also get red for florida and louisiana ? 
  yonkers , new york , and jersey city . 
  the east coast and florida , louisiana , all covered in red as in most similar . 
  i find it strange though , my english is nothing like the accents in those places . 
  i have been there several times, 
  we learn a lot about colonialism , not sure why they skipped it at the other guy 's school, 
  1-2 times a day depending on workout . 
  i try to avoid 2 times a day , but if i have running practice , i kind of have to . 
  i need to shower to wake up in the morning, 
  like northern jew town that borat mentions, 
  i think it is weird how we call your country `` hellas '' , while everyone else use something like greece, 
  how so ? 
  we call you ( plural ) `` polakker '' , but i have heard that could be seen as derogatory . 
  is that true ? 
  yeah , it sucks how we only get 1 point per e though : /, 
  would that be more effective than just nuking the east and west-coast ? 
  a policeman pushed me from behind into the side of a `` russe '' - van , because he mistook me for someone else . 
  this was at a kind of graduation party where almost everyone wear nearly identical clothes , `` night to seventeenth , russebusstreff '' . 
  he would n't let me go until 3 of my friends came and said he had the wrong guy , and a female cop that saw him run and push me from behind came and calmed him down . 
  also a plausibel explanation , i believe the traditional explanation though, 
  we call you nederland , and the people nederlendere, 
  if i remember correctly , norge stems from norveg or nor\u00f0rvegr , north way or the land in the north . 
  norway is a fitting name in that regard , but norwegian is n't as fitting as something like northman or norseman . 
  the norwegian word `` nordmann '' is more accurate then, 
  lizard people confirmed , or , iguana people, 
  what about the old danelaw, 
  ( btw do you recommend that book ? ), 
  you invite iron erna to become your leader ? 
  she did n't get her nickname by being soft . 
  we will build the largest longboat ( or wideboat ) ever seen to carry her massiveness across the atlantic, 
  all shall feel the might of the viking fury, 
  yes , a friend of mine actually appeared on an episode after the door security beat him up, 
  only been to the us three times , and the caribbean once on a cruise . 
  if turkey counts , i used to go there with my gf biennially, 
  iceland . 
  let us call it norseland to lay down the foundation for further incorporation of nordic countries edit : or go full civilization beyond earth and establish the north sea alliance, 
  both i guess . 
  the first one if the norwegians arranged a dugnad , the other one with the russians if janteloven was followed, 
  i agree that it was a dano-norwegian victory then , but it is still one of the most famous norwegian victories , playing a large part of stopping the swedish invasion of norway, 
  hahahaha, 
  there was a spanish girl named that in my high school as well, 
  how was denmark involved in that battle ? 
  it was norwegians fighting , with the norwegian part of the navy . 
  also , during the union with denmark , the dano-norwegian fleet was paid for by norway , and mostly staffed with norwegian sailors . 
  what about the battle of dynekilen ? 
  tordenskjold essentially forced the swedes to give up their campaign, 
  was that the guy that said all norwegian girls are sluts ? 
  i 'm a big fan of history , and i love visiting rome . 
  if you want to visit the colosseum , you should think about getting tickets in advance though , as the lines there can be pretty long . 
  i 've only been there during summers though . 
  the site for circus maximus is just a grass/dirt plain , but the vatican is really nice . 
  there are tons of stuff to look at in rome . 
  i have never been to z\u00fcrich , and i do n't have any tips about berlin . 
  if you want to see more of europe , maybe replace z\u00fcrich with dubrovnik or krakow . 
  it is cold as hell ( norse version ) in poland though , which makes no sense to me as a norwegian . 
  barcelona is also a great city . 
  valletta in malta really surprised me in a positive way , so much history and stuff to look at , and super cheap bus fares . 
  i think you should aim for 3 places , as this might be your best chance in a long time to see different parts of europe, 
  germany , so many different people over the years , always playing a huge impact in european history , and barbarossa, 
  the thing i find strange , is when my friends switch to english when talking with danes . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around it at all . 
  they can understand the different dialects of norway , but not danish . 
  i guess it is because i grew up with it , but still . 
  try searching for a video about different dialects of norway , some of them are like different languages, 
  are you royal though ? 
  is that a sub dedicated to establish a new empire again ? 
  i would agree with you on that, 
  that is an interesting combination , kudos to you for maintaining both languages, 
  yeah , i consider myself norwegian , but i do n't think it is exclusive, 
  yeah , he learned to love skiing , and taught us cross country and slalom . 
  he has lived in norway for 29 years now , as my mother refused to move to denmark . 
  he speaks danish , but use the norwegian number system , and writes in danish . 
  my mother understood danish as her grandfather was danish and they all lived on the same farm when she was little . 
  it 's kind of weird though , as my friend 's mother is danish , and she speaks in a manner much closer to norwegian after all these years, 
  the trick is to be drunk while doing it, 
  father born in denmark and mother in norway , they met eachother on a beach in greece when my father fell over their tent drunk at night, 
  and play chess by letter , using hot wax and your ring to close it, 
  i 'm glad my parents are n't from the same family !, 
   but yeah , i agree, 
  no , he is danish , born and raised in denmark . 
  he met my mother in greece , and is still a danish citizen that cant speak norwegian, 
  honest mistake . 
  in norwegian , the pc name for gypsies is `` romfolk '' , which sounds like `` space people '' .
