  they sure like stealing from other countries / s, 
  i was in venice watching that game at a bar , and people flipped the absolute shit out, 
  not sure what the technical term for `` varmepumpe '' is in english , but the modern ones have ac options as well as heating . 
  i get the most annoying kind of cold from it . 
  also when i 'm in the usa , experiencing extreme heat and cold every time i go into a building or car with ac on, 
  when i am on vacation in southern europe , i turn off the ac before going to bed . 
  i usually get sick when sleeping with it on, 
  no worries , i 'll see if i can find some more videos to compare it myself, 
  would you mind explaining it to me , i feel like i am taking crazy pills when i see people say it sounds like russian and spanish to their ears, 
  indeed . 
  i just ca n't remember a single instance where finnish has been depicted as happy . 
  swedish , tons of times , but not finnish, 
  yes, 
  [ not my experience ] ( https://youtu.be/ur4i9eotsiy ) also that character from borettslaget , they are usually portrayed as angry and mumbling, 
  i really do n't get the russian part , it does n't sound anything like russian at all to me, 
  sweden takes the bullet for us, 
  are you also a fan of top gun ? 
  i got inspired by [ finn ] ( https://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/c/c1/640px-finn_cabello_rubio_hora_de_aventura.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130723231113 ) from adventure time . 
  also , i had long hair as a tween, 
  what about sopot ? 
  `` this time , without a world war ! '', 
  digitalization 's effect on the competition in the grocery industry . 
  handing it in next week 8 ), 
  going to crete with my girlfriend  just got to finish my thesis first, 
  earl grey and green tea with lemon, 
  maybe they followed the uppsala model for growth , instead of launching for a worldwide audience from the start . 
  for sure , their business model failed , but nobody can see the future, 
  is that the one with the black dragon ? 
  that film was so good, 
  i like americans and the usa . 
  what i do n't like is the nationalistic tendencies i often see on the internet , and i think it is scary how so many seem to worship certain politicians and parties . 
  what part of the culture are you asking about ? 
  the individualistic culture , or something more specific ? 
  many of my favourite tv shows and films come from america . 
  i think the gun culture is insane though . 
  his imagination, 
  [ you are completely right ] ( https://no.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/samnorsk ), 
  the airports i have been to looks like they are from the 90s . 
  i 'm used to doing everything ( except the security check ) myself on automats, 
  you would have to ask the ones doing it . 
  a dragonship , a longaxe and mead . 
  learned some basics in kindergarten , and got some tutoring at home from my parents . 
  even more basics at elementary school . 
  was allowed to stay up late once every week to watch james bond on the television , and having subtitles really help with learning the language . 
  also runescape when i got older , and wikipedia . 
  i like the letter that looks like an octopus, 
  a lot , from riksmaal to bokm\u00e5l and nynorsk , and the crazy experiment with samnorsk, 
  it really is a depressing list , especially when so many people wrote to him and said they felt it fit with their hometown, 
  the man is hilarious, 
  same here , almost like norwegian, 
  i still have troubles with `` three '' in an english accent . 
  i think an american accent is easier, 
  fits perfectly with scorched earth, 
  problem nr 1 is visiting the comment sections, 
  personally , i feel like the uniformity is best seen in elementary school . 
  if you are ahead of the other pupils , you are dependent on a good teacher to get more challenges . 
  my first math teacher assigned me and the others that always raced through the assignments to help the ones struggling . 
  this can be a great way to make sure that everyone understands it , as tutoring helps improve both parties ' understanding , but it soon made us waste as much time as we could so we would n't have to do the same boring tasks twice in a row . 
  my next math teacher singled out all the pupils that felt the assignments were too easy , and made us assignments originally created for older pupils . 
  this made us super committed , and made mathematics fun again . 
  the same thing happened in english class , but my first teacher , from year 1-4 , had held me and some others back as she meant everyone should follow the same curriculum . 
  now , i do n't know how much leniency they actually have , but if some of my teachers could do it , it was atleast possible . 
  a mindset based on the law of jante in society , i suspect , can have an influence that pressures everyone to not stick their head out , in fear of creating unequality . 
  [ `` do n't believe you are any better than us '' ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_jante ), 
  we have a strategy that kind of copies the russian strategy of ww2 , with deep defence . 
  this means that we would try to delay an invasion from the north as long as possible while preparing the rest of the country and waiting for our allies, 
  this made me think of something i remember from when i was a child , seeing loads of soldiers and a tank at the airport in athens . 
  but , your question ; i usually see police at the docks and train stations when i 'm in athens . 
  they have been very helpful in my experience , when someone stole my mother 's purse on the train , they helped us file a report for the insurance company, 
  there were atleast 2 registered jews in norway as of 1814 , when the constitution barred jews , gypsies , jesuits , and others from entering norway . 
  while in denmark , they were more liberal . 
  we are also thaught about how notable men like wergeland tried to remove the paragraph about jews and others from the constitution . 
  my views are that they are people like everyone else , but i feel bad for them as they have been targeted by muslims in my country . 
  with shooting at their synagoges , etc. 
  [ hmm ] ( https://youtu.be/umukohd_txu ), 
  i never get 100 % on the capitols : /, 
  tonygaze is correct . 
  my autocorrect does n't understand anything since i use different languages on my phone, 
  atleast norway , and many other countries , help boat refugees and in many cases pick them up in the mediterranean and ship them to southern europe . 
  this is great , and saving a lot of lives , but if they got shipped back and given the chance to apply for asylum , i think it could stop a lot of people to pay human traffickers, 
  let each member nation decide , help fund the border controls , require applications to be sent from the borders , ship all boat refugees back . 
  establish field hospitals at the borders , pressure the world to help improve the situation in the countries they are ~ ~ camping ~ ~ coming from, 
  i usually tip 10 % if i had a good experience , but you do n't have to, 
  im in a relationship , and have been for years . 
  dating as a term does n't really fit here, 
  pretty high , but drinking chili klaus made me throw up in 5 minutes . 
  it was like my tongue caught fire, 
  budget constraints . 
  we ca n't suddenly pour massive amounts of public money into defence investments without affecting the rest of the national economy . 
  i would absolutely support investments in our navy though, 
  i was at fort lauderdale ( ? ), 
  for some days with my family before we left on a cruise to the caribbean . 
  i really liked it , even though i only got a few days there . 
  i really want to visit florida again and travel around , maybe go fishing as well and see more swampland, 
  then i suggest you read it again, 
  not really the reason why i find them nasty , but they are mostly from africa . 
  if you ever find yourself in oslo , drive by the docks and look for yourself . 
  they just look so filthy and cheap, 
  i pay 26 $ for 5gb data and unlimited messages and calls . 
  they even overcharge me from time to time,
