  we also have high school graduates in russetog . 
  i got a message from a modbot that my previous comment was removed because i added links to pictures of the different things . 
  i do n't . 
  i consider myself fluent in it . 
  i am half danish , half norwegian , and actually speak both languages . 
  when it comes to swedish , it is more of svorsk than swedish . 
  if you count the scandinavian languages as different , then : fluent : norwegian , danish , english . 
  decent : swedish . 
  ok : german . 
  can read and sort of understand a bit : dutch , icelandic . 
  i 'm not fully convinced about her explanation , it is going to be interesting to see how it ends out . 
  what did norway do ? 
  that covers both , and can be translated to `` dearest '' . 
  you could also say `` jenta mi '' - my girl , or `` typen min '' - my guy . 
  denmark , sweden , iceland , the uk and germany as our best friends . 
  we have plenty of trade with these countries as well . 
  we 've been in a union with both denmark and sweden before , iceland was inhabited by norwegians . 
  norway has always tried to be on the good side of the uk , and germany is one of our biggest trading partners . 
  many norwegians also learn german aswell as english in school . 
  is the northern part of cyprus considered veing a part of turkey ? 
  i heard he has the best partiesn with strippers and hoes , that 's pretty social . 
  a lot of my friends use it , and most know about it . 
  haha !, 
  i had something similar happen to me in eastbourne , england . 
  i was taking the bus home in the evening , and some chubby , nasty , english girl keeps pinching me and asking if i 'm a nazi/german . 
  i told her that i 'm norwegian , and that our countries were allied during the second world war . 
  then she told her 2m skinhead boyfriend to beat me up since i talked back to her , and he said he would do it if i was rude . 
  then , the thunder-cunt started calling me a fucking jew ( after calling me a nazi 5 minutes earlier . ), 
  you 're lucky if the bus even shows up there . 
  the obvious solution is to give the bus drivers guns . 
  i saw it in enschede . 
  same in norway . 
  [ we have sir nils olav iii ] ( http://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9ng3a8qsj1rcoy9ro1_1280.jpg ), 
  my friend who visited russia this summer had to visit the embassy and attend an interview to get a permission to go there . 
  if that is the standard procedyre , i understand why people would travel elsewhere . 
  haha , i learned about that building many years back in a history and philosophy class , and how big of a failure it was . 
  [ fl\u00e5klypa grand prix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulkvbghvd3m ) , stop motion picture about a small town inventor entering a car race . 
  song of the sea was really beautiful, 
  if i did n't misunderstand , the ranking is based on statistical analysis . 
  can we get the orkneys ? 
  nice , thanks !, 
  i 'll give it a try : `` european countries are more similar too eachother than the different states of america . '', 
  so , answer the man , you 're practically british !, 
  i really like the city , but i 've only been there as a tourist . 
  edit : but i always get surprised by the insane amount of workers in airports/stores/etc . 
  seems super inefficient . 
  carthage , love the free ports . 
  haha , it was mostly meant as a joke , 
  english , as most of my courses are in english , then danish when talking to my father and that side of the family , then german when talking with foreign exchange students to practice . 
  ah , because a foreign exchange student ( german right across the border from enschede ) i study with , told me that dutchmen from the eastern parts use the soft sound . 
  check out wizz air , they have super cheap flights . 
  i have a question about that . 
  does people in enschede not use the guttural sound when saying enschede , while people from say amsterdam , do use it ? 
  yes , but usually around the 17th of may . 
  ladies and gentlemen , i give you : dnalreztiws !, 
  the most not-neutral country in the world , known for their lack of chocolate and clocks . 
  www.ssb.no has loads of interesting statistics , i 'm certain you could find some about people on social welfare atleast . 
  absolutely , and i 've seen plenty of norwegians posting angry comments on the internet due to the sheer size of the numbers . 
  i could n't find the numbers for the age-groups of somali immigrants , but i found one for all immigrants to norway . 
  it 's from arrival to norway until death , so a long time span . 
  [ captain sweden ] ( https://www.google.no/search?q=captain+sweden&amp;client=ms-android-om-lge&amp;prmd=ivmn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewivxfe2ydrpahwbvswkhfg6c5mq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=517#imgrc=nxynnjek4odmqm%3a ) is pretty funny . 
  depends on the refugee . 
  the average cost for a somali refugee to norway is 9 000 000 nok , while tamils from sri lanka which integrates faster and has a higher participation in the workforce only costs the public 1 000 000 nok . 
  no , but at my parent 's house , there is a wooden angel , with typical medieval scandinavian clothing hanging on a wall , and also a bible in a bookshelf . 
  i remember derrick ( german ) also alot of norwegian shows in the 90s and early 00s . 
  we also got svt ( swedish ) . 
  there are alot of american tv shows and films now , but norwegian , swedish and danish tv shows and films are also popular . 
  dude basically invited germany to invade norway . 
  some girls do it . 
  one kiss on the cheek . 
  atleast in my group of friends . 
  i remember alot of fuss about liv signe navarsete , then leader of senter partiet . 
  she accepted expensive gifts from private companies , and gave loads of public money to her hometown . 
  there was also a case in bergen with the mayor accepting expensive trips and gifts from private companies . 
  i think there is some corruption in the political scene , but not that much . 
  that sounds really annoying . 
  the politicians just changed it out of the blue ? 
  [ fl\u00e5klypa grand prix ] ( https://youtu.be/ulkvbghvd3m ) is a classic from norway , about a local inventor joining a car race with the backing of an arabian oil sheik . 
  the movie is absolutely hilarious . 
  we have called you tsjekkia for as long as i remember in norway . 
  holland ? 
  quisling , or rinnan . 
  i absolutely love blackcurrent jam on toast . 
  besserwisser , a condescending know-it-all . 
  twinings , green tea with lemon . 
  i travelled there 8 years ago with 3 friends , we stayed at an apartment owned by an aunt of a friend . 
  we went there in the autumn , outside of the capital . 
  it was a nice mix of old and new buildings , the buses looked like they were imported from the us in the 1960s . 
  the weather was really nice then . 
  a little cloudy at times , and one day it rained insanely much . 
  we took the bus to the capital once , and just spent the entire day and evening walking around , looking at stuff , eating , had a really great time . 
  we took a ferry to a nice island and spent an entire day there , tanning , swimming , and stuff like that . 
  food and drinks were cheap , we could buy vodka from a kiosk late in the evening . 
  everyone we met could understand english , but they were n't fluent at speaking it . 
  we met alot of swiss and german people . 
  my paternal grandparents moved to france when they retired , but even though they spoke french , they had a really hard time making friends there . 
  going to edit in a picture of a fish i ate last time i was in croatia here tomorrow, 
  i sometimes take 2 crispbreads , one with chocolate spread and one with peanutbutter and put them together like a sandwich if i get the munchies late in the evening . 
  oh , did n't think it was that popular  it 's great as it gives you a lot of fiber which will make you feel full for a long time , and contains less calories and quick carbs than normal bread . 
  i prefer oatmeal porridge for breakfast if i have the time though , just boil some water and pour it over the oatmeal and add some cinnamon .
