  could be fun with fleshed out countries and cities starting a game . 
  integr is by far my most favourite civilisation in civbert !, 
  space angela merkel . 
  i also like going for purity with the fourth reich . 
  i do n't think i have ever seen anyone else recommending that game outside of the civbe sub . 
  i like going for the biggest and most powerful `` bully '' of the time period . 
  but i think your type of playing makes for a better immersion in the game . 
  thanks !, 
  going to look for some videos on youtube  can you run it on a laptop without a dedicated graphic card ? 
  so nothing like total war or age of empires ? 
  can you recommend it ? 
  how are battles managed in that game ? 
  i remember my first campaign in rtw was with the julii . 
  i was reading the emperor books by conn iggulden at the time , and pretended i was c\u00e6sar in my campaign . 
  brutii was my worst enemy , with brutus as the pretended enemy leader of the faction . 
  i always crush rome , since i feel like they acted like the biggest douchebags against carthage and destroyed so much litterature and culture when sacking carthage . 
  i like the civil war aspect when playing as rome in rtw . 
  and the awesome infantry . 
  i just hate how op the roman factions are . 
  what game is v2 ? 
  i just looked up hoi4 , and i ca n't believe i have n't seen it before !, 
  this seems to fullfill my dream of world conquest with panzers !, 
  because of the naval expeditions or the natural defence ? 
  just for the greater germany feel ? 
  glorious inca crusade ? 
  i absolutely love the turks in mtw2 , with the army and units changing when you progress , just like the ottomans did . 
  the terran tanks in sc are so much fun . 
  what game ? 
  mtw2 ? 
  any sworn enemies ? 
  i agree about island nations being boring . 
  the ai never invades properly, 
  any reason why , or sworn enemies ? 
  i always exterminate russia in civ 5 and 6 . 
  i feel weird about never having been nuked by the ai in any of those games . 
  there is an addon in mtw2 that focuses on north-eastern europe , and i always tried to trigger the kalmar union event . 
  maybe i should buy crusader kings . 
  how is battle managed in that game ? 
  byzantium in mtw2 is great, 
  i like to play as prussia in empire total war . 
  surrounded by enemies and few starting regions . 
  i hope you manage to grow wiser as you grow older . 
  i know that feeling . 
  norway is rarely an option as well . 
  i go for sweden or denmark when i ca n't get norway . 
  in empire total war , i sometimes play as sweden and let norway claim independence . 
  i rarely play as gb as i like to play as the underdog , and i have n't found a single game where the ai can pull off well executed naval invasions . 
  i do love to focus on navies myself though , and have played empire total war as britain to launch naval invasions all over the globe . 
  any game in the total war series , europa universalis , civilization , age of empires , etc. 
  just looked at her post history , and it is apparently a racist teenaged girl that believes europeans invented racism and that we ca n't wash away our sins . 
  no , the continent starts with denmark in our daily speech, 
  bad luck , some pretend to spit over their shoulder to avoid the bad luck . 
  i guess someone does spit as well . 
  i do n't mean to imply that people here are superstitious though , but it is seen as a sign of bad luck . 
  wait , really ? 
  you think of scandinavia as a part of the continent in your daily speech ? 
  mainland europe is seen as its ' own thing . 
  the continent , or europe . 
  continentals is not used however . 
  i just got back from crete , and a group of pretty french black women got asked if they were from america by a young man . 
  maybe they assume you are american , and therefore different , in addition to being pretty . 
  not sure why french people would do it though , when they have so many different people . 
  yes . 
  we have locks on all our doors , but all the doors inside use the same type of key . 
  if there already is a key in the lock , you ca n't unlock it from the other side . 
  this ensures privacy . 
  never lock during the night in case of a fire though . 
  i feel like czechia , switzerland and poland are massive stars for us rightwingers , based mostly on ignorance, 
  i love how your country is being hailed as the best country in europe solely due to your amount of personal firearms . 
  i think i have read about an english couple buying a vacation house in southern norway . 
  i believe it is very rare . 
  the real estate prices here are borderline ridiculous . 
  a former professor of mine believe we have a housing bubble , he is the leading expert on norwegian housing prices . 
  it is very common for norwegians to buy vacation houses in sweden , denmark , greece , turkey , spain , portugal and so on . 
  feel free to ask about anything , i 'm glad to help, 
  4/10 maybe . 
  always nice to help out . 
  3 other families have my surname . 
  in addition , many former soviet states learned russian as a second language, 
  i carry most of my stuff in my various jackets . 
  i use a backpack if i have more stuff . 
  backpacks are very popular here, 
  gym bags and laptop bags are very common, 
  we call it turkish wash . tyrkervask, 
  it 's probably the truck driver 's bicycle though :(, 
  the black death, 
  uncle of a half criminal friend , got some more as a russ , but it tasted like poison so i discarded it . 
  we have it in the south east as well, 
  russian, 
  hjemmebrent can also be called 96 % ( or niseks/nine six ) , and is almost pure alcohol . 
  i rarely drink it now , but did when i was 13 and we could ` nt get alcohol in legal ways, 
  what is 30cm long and makes a woman wail ? 
  stillbirth, 
  yep, 
  r\u00f8d - red oransje - orange gul - yellow gr\u00f8nn - green bl\u00e5 - blue ( indigo/bl \u00e5lilla - indigo/blue purple ) fiolett - violet, 
  when i was a teenager , it was met with some suspicision in some cases , but mostly respected . 
  it is not weird at all to not drink , but it is unusual, 
  we have great relations with iceland, 
  do n't forget the champagne breakfast, 
  spanjakk - bad word for spaniard danskep\u00f8lse - danish sausage pakkis - bad word for pakistanis,
