no , i imagine they caused more crime than they prevented . 
  i 'm just saying what their self-proclaimed goal was here , answering the guy 's question . 
  i do n't support vigilantism in any way . 
  in norway they had/have some patrols at night to stop crime from happening . 
  but it might be more extreme than what i know of . 
  maybe they beat people up . 
  hahaha, 
  why are you so sad about the # losing value ? 
  only after the 13th warrior observed them though . 
  i know hatleberg has great internet, 
  10/1 here :(, 
  i also enjoyed that . 
  [ my saaafe spaaace ] ( https://youtu.be/sxqkxxbqj_u ), 
  is this a fucking joke ? 
  trump is a negotiation genius , and will fool erdogan to pay for it . 
  if not , maybe mexico can pay, 
  thanks !, 
  there were some arsons and lootings of kurdish shops there in 2015 , so i thought no place were immune, 
  and zoidberg should have the freedom and right to eat the earth flag, 
  oh , my mistake . 
  on another note , do you think european tourists will get into any sort of trouble in places like oba and the like the upcoming months ? 
  but we got central and eastern europe as well , [ aha !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zq0aboaocks ), 
  we must hire trump to build a wall , a great wall , tremendeous, 
  maybe when erdogan claims all your islands in the aegan sea, 
  i think they are joking, 
  you really deserve to live under erdogan 's rule, 
  haha !, 
  i know that feeling !, 
  i got fed up with it once and asked if my teammates were turkish ( which i knew they were ) , and they all reported me for racism while telling me they would fuck my mom . 
  that was the only english sentences i got from them the entire game, 
  maybe he plays online team games . 
  i ca n't stand it when i get russians or turkish people on my team . 
  they never speak english , dont cooperate , and plays loud music into their microphone . 
  i have nothing against turks , i just understand why some people want to avoid some of them on the internet, 
  funfact , nsb is the name of the public norwegian train company . 
  and scandinavians . 
  i had 5 tsa agents standing around me for 20 minutes because the travel agency had forgotten 1 letter in my name on my ticket, 
  i 'm willing to bet that norway has a higher percentage of houses running on electricity, 
  yeah , norwegian is more like m\u00fc , a little more on the y side than the word `` lue '' , hat , in norwegian, 
  weird , my mathematics professor said it is more like my edit : not the english word , but those letters together, 
  seems like vote manipulation to me, 
  would you say the same thing if russia annexed svalbard from norway ? 
  i think that assumption is wrong , as there are many high skilled professions where there are requirements to the quality of the education which many universities in the middle east does not meet . 
  at least that was the problem my iraqi neighbour had with his engineering degree from the university of baghdad . 
  which is why i had to help him with his applications for norwegian universities . 
  he fails to understand basic economic principles of price discrimination to capture a higher share of the customer 's profit , in order to increase the company 's value capture , thus lowering total societal value capture . 
  he thinks that if pharma companies had n't operated with different prices to different markets , the rest of the world would have to pay a much higher price than today , failing to understand the amount of consumer power trading blocks like the eu has . 
  i think it 's hilarious that their royal house stems from a french deserter, 
  still europe, 
  holy shit, 
  even if you wo n't find yourself in drammen , norway , i would love to see you draw aass brewery from the river, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberation_of_finnmark check out the aftermath-section, 
  no , they actually helped rebuild northern norway before they left, 
  the soviets liberated norway actually, 
  hahahahahaha !, 
  ( it 's funny because it 's true ), 
  soul friend . 
  however , it can also be used between couples, 
  it sounds orcish when spoken as well, 
  neat , kinda like svorsk between sweden and norway, 
  like saltwater , i 'm out sailing in the nice weather, 
  tell that to venezuela , russia , the middle east, 
  i think you will have more success by asking for typical nationalities, 
  heinz ketchup , slotts mustard or french, 
  no , but i have seen it a lot in greece and turkey, 
  yes . 
  also cycling , hiking , skiing , etc, 
  the norse and sami got to what is present day norway at the same time , they just arrived at different places . 
  most sami today live in oslo, 
  most schools have rules against snus , not limited to schools with pupils under 18 , but also higher education if people throw used snus on the floor . 
  in my country there is problem and that problem is the snus , people put it in their mouths 'cause snus makes them relaxed . 
  so throw the snus down the well , x2 so my country can be free !, 
  foster homes, 
  fittepikk - cunt dick, 
  the other norwegians responding to him has heard about it though, 
  popular, 
  farmers here get loads of subsidies from the state btw . 
  that should definitely work . 
  far vel, 
  not sure why an extra use of a bank card would be negative in your opinion . 
  i have never brought my passport when travelling to netherland , and also got into england once i forgot my passport, 
  not having to bring a different card to prove id and age is practical for buying alcohol , nicotine , getting into bars/clubs/etc . 
  i 've done it plenty of times, 
  practical as fuck, 
  maybe not an urban area or beach place , but a luxury spa hotel in the mountains of norway ? 
  holy fuck , an american stave church !, 
  that 's amazing, 
  incredibly much, 
  how old are you ? 
  i have been thinking about doing it , but i 'm considering to wait until i 'm 30 just in case my eyesight changes once again, 
  i guess if we go by cold war standards , it is 2nd world, 
  are you allergic to vowels ? 
  helsetr\u00f8ye - `` health shirt '', 
  we became a massive maritime merchant power ever since the upheaval of the navigation acts . 
  not fairly mundane , but tourists go crazy during the first weeks of university when the city is flooded with drunk students in all kinds of costumes, 
  i have 2 plans , either the ocean on a sailboat or the mountains in a cabin, 
  maybe chipotle, 
  yes , 4 times, 
  they do n't do the radio play by play , or the happy ending anymore ?
