  4 , but my gf wants 1-2 . 
  yes , the local government bought a house for them close to my neighbourhood . 
  from what i have seen when walking the dog , there must be atleast 15 people living there , and it is trash all over the place . 
  at first there were some problems with them going door to door and begging and stealing bikes , but i think it was sorted out . 
  i have absolutely no clue why they were given a house here, 
  when i was a teenager i just asked friends and family for tips about jobs . 
  easy way to get ahead of the other jobseekers . 
  also , show up in person and talk to the manager when you apply and hand in your application . 
  i 've seen the stacks of applications just lying in a pile and never getting looked at, 
  if you can get monster munch , i 'll happily trade you !, 
  my gf loves that stuff , but so far we have only found it in greece and poland, 
  but olw has great cheesy puffs, 
  i remember a tv show when i was little about police chases in the us , and there was a commentator that always had the cheesiest jokes . 
  are there some of the news stations that have a sort of sports commentator to cast the police chases ? 
  that would have been awesome . 
  the only car chase i have seen in norway was when me and a large group of friends were driving down from a log cabin in the mountains , and a porsche overtook us in a turn . 
  a civilian police car that we had on our tail followed him instantly and blinked him over . 
  it did n't really last long . 
  are you a fucking parrot ? 
  why the actual fuck do you think we want to attack them, 
  germans does n't have maps . 
  that is the only explanation for the thousands of anecdotes americans write on reddit about the german couple coming to visit over the weekend and getting shocked they could ` nt visit ny , las vegas and la in one weekend, 
  sweden has loads of boars . 
  a friend of mine goes hunting for boar in eastern norway and sweden every now and then . 
  looks like a spaghetti western, 
  that 's cool !, 
  i did n't know they prevented weeds, 
  pan-scandinavism is still a thing, 
  the nordics as stark and greyjoy . 
  we have all the berries you listed , and cloudberries , cranberries + gooseberries . 
  maybe the ones in the store are imported and frozen before being put on the aisles ? 
  i agree 100 % that they are big and without taste compared to the ones we pick in the forest . 
  i do know that european blueberries and american ones are different types though . 
  only blackcurrant products . 
  we have a bush in the garden though , the black kind . 
  my gfs family has the red ones, 
  we call the last one kl\u00f8versyre , or clover acid . 
  are the normal ones also called something like that ? 
  same here , if it had n't been for my strict girlfriend there would be none left on our morning walk route, 
  same here , i eat some every morning while walking the dog . 
  i think it is fun to know that so many fellow europeans share the same little summer berry for free, 
  i wonder if it is common to string them on straws everywhere, 
  i 've seen blackcurrant berries once in england , are those common as well ? 
  haha !, 
  indeed , never thought about it before i posted here, 
  we call the big strawberries for earth berries , what do you call those ? 
  any other wild berries that are common ? 
  they look so similar , how do you tell them apart ? 
  what do you call them ? 
  i can only find the latin name, 
  they are perfect here now , so sweet and tasty !, 
  what do you call them ? 
  my thoughts about them are based on my severely limited knowledge from games such as age of empires 3 and the wikipedia rabbit holes the game led me down into . 
  i think it is super interesting to read about how tribes implemented horses into their lifestyle and how it changed tribes completely . 
  i think it is terrible how indians were affected and treated by the old world , and how they still are affected . 
  edit : what are your thoughts on white americans claiming to be part indian ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  plenty of norwegians of indian , pakistani , chinese , turkish , and sub-saharan descent were on the same flight as me when i got back from crete a few days ago . 
  if they manage to travel as tourists , why would n't others ? 
  it seems like we ca n't have both things . 
  total war is amazing for battle , but lackluster for management . 
  ck sounds like something very different from what i am used to , so i think i 'll buy it to experience something new . 
  what faction would you recommend , or starter tips ? 
  you do n't have to write me a big guide or show me videos , just something small , 
  that 's a great campaign with so many awesome unique units . 
  i also like the barbarossa campaign for the grand scope , and el cid with taking barcelona, 
  i see your point , but when making salads and stuff , you use a little bit of everything , and buying small quantities can be expensive . 
  i have n't played that game , but i have played sins of a solar empire . 
  my favourite civ there was vasari ( aliens running from an even bigger and unknown threat ), 
  how do you make your vegetables last long ? 
  what is your favourite `` insta-meal '' ? 
  yeah , it seemed weird when i think about it , as we have loads of them here . 
  do you know why romania is n't in schengen yet ? 
  i do n't know much about it , and ca n't see why . 
  i love honeymustard and sour cream dressing . 
  if you want something to liven up chicken , i like to cut a slice in the fillet , and put sundried tomatoes and feta cheese inside and cook it in the oven, 
  that sucks . 
  is it to limit the flow of gypsies , or ? 
  we have close to zero influence , but we are not a part of the eu , only the eea . 
  i 'm interested , what injustice is that ? 
  spain gets super mad when you convert their cities in civ6 as well !, 
  i always thought brasil was a nice neighbour in 5 as well , but in 6 they are one of my most hated enemies along with russia and rome . 
  the name seems long , but i guess that wo n't be a problem . 
  magihonen sounds kinda finnish . 
  maginate and telamagi sounds cool in my opinion , but i do n't watch any anime at all . 
  i 'm considering giving castlevania a shot , since i remember playing it as a game on game boy advance . 
  beach , mountains , inland , or ? 
  croatia , greece , spain . 
  haha , your enemy is france even in hearts of iron ? 
  oh , it 's a boardgame !, 
  i love settlers of catan, 
  well that is even more badass, 
  that is a badass expression if i understand it correctly . 
  is it something like `` the guard dies before you pass '' ? 
  i have n't even seen images from that game !, 
  think the oldest computer game i have played is heroes of might and magic 2, 
  i love france in civ 6 , and go full napoleon with garde imperiale spam, 
  yeah , the supremacy victory condition is very \u00dcbermensch-esque , with bonus lebensraum, 
  i guess you like powerful civs for competitive play ? 
  maybe i should download some scenarios for civ based on an earth map .
