  she goes crazy for snow , snowballs and chasing us when we go tobogganing . 
  she does n't want to swim in the pool , and we have n't forced her . 
  when she plays with other small dags , she spins around and tries to teach them the same move . 
  she also likes to hide her paws and pretend bite when i try to `` catch '' her pass . 
  she also likes to run around when i try to catch her, 
  i 'm a student , and i spend about 71 % on rent alone without internet and electricity, 
  yes , i love it . 
  wizz air has cheap as dirt prices to warsaw, 
  one of my favourite films, 
  they have military bases in germany, 
  some years back , russia threatened to send their north fleet into norwegian waters to protect russian trawlers fishing illegally, 
  slalom, 
  what, 
  yes , but clean them first, 
  a war criminal that killed innocent civilians and attacked the neutral denmark-norway , stealing and sinking the dano-norwegian navy the british had forced to concentrate in the first place . 
  crimea a river , jk, 
  biip was also kinda big due to offering free sms when i was young . 
  love the people and i feel like home there, 
  we need to build a bunker underneath the sea . 
  yeah , maybe paionia ? 
  i learned english from my parents and norwegian school teachers , but from the age of 16-19 , i had an english woman as a teacher . 
  i think most , if not all , norwegians learn english , and not american in school . 
  did n't know kaudervelsk was german as well !, 
  social libertarian/authoritarian, 
  the modern state of macedonia is not the same area as ancient macedonia, 
  they should call themselves thracia . 
  i find it super weird that they call themselves macedonia . 
  edit : or paionia, 
  the problem with cruises , is that many of them are filled with old people or families . 
  not the greatest for partying . 
  [ laputa , and things that reminds me of atlantis ] ( http://www.deviantart.com/art/laputa-castle-in-the-sky-357889048 ) . 
  i also like the stargate universe , and the aliens from sins of a solar empire . 
  even the progenitors from civilization beyond earth , rising tide . 
  ah , my bad : <, 
  yeah , that is why i asked about na without central america . 
  nooo !, 
  that video was hilarious . . 
  i 'll do some digging myself aswell, 
  wow , that is s really inconsiderate and messed up thing to do, 
  i have absolutely never heard or read about any native american cities the size of london in north america , if you do n't mean central america a part of na . 
  can you give me a source for that claim ? 
  you are bloody insane, 
  the evil white bogeymen , stealing culture, 
  i have my own lederhosen . 
  i 'm stealing your culture , but to be fair , i will allow you to dress up as a viking and build your own dragonboat . 
  ah , similar to norwegian then . 
  i still have a long way to go with my german ... 
  it 's pretty safe , but since we do n't really have many dedicated cycling lanes , there are a lot of commercials telling people to be considerate of eachother and share the road between cyclists and drivers . 
  edit : if anyone knows where i can find the video about the super pissed off cyclist from vestlandet , please give me the link !, 
  i feel much more connected to scandinavia and the nordics . 
  would n't the literal translation be `` advice house '' ? 
  i can get behind that . 
  malta is a really nice place to go visit , with lots of old mixed with new buildings , and the buses looked like straight out from the sixties when i travelled there in 2010 . 
  but , their english proficiency is extremely overrated in my opinion, 
  i took a really interesting course where those laws and their consequenses got discussed . 
  it was at nhh , `` human capital and labour market theory '' . 
  basically , gender quotas can open up new opportunities and normalise `` diversity '' in traditionally very homogenous workplaces , and could help companies shed new light and get different views on the most optimal strategies going forward . 
  however , if they are applied without the necessary pool of competent applicants of the underrepresented `` minority '' , gender quotas can be more harmful than beneficial . 
  as the company might be forced to hire a less skilled person for a job to avoid legal repercussions . 
  with that being said , there are multiple countries in europe now following norway 's example , such as iceland and germany . 
  i do n't know or understand how stalin was thinking , but the german troops surrendered before the soviets got further south in norway , and the british sent forces to help norway deal with the surrendered german forces . 
  ( this next bit is just something i 've heard from a professor , i do n't have any sources at hand to back it up ; but he said that if the soviets pushed on for norway and denmark ( they occupied bornholm after the germans surrendered to the british in copenhagen ) , the british wanted to strike a deal with the german forces in norway to help defend against the soviets . 
  the british had already sent paratroopers to secure denmark and kiel from a possible soviet invasion ), 
  the soviets liberated northern norway together with norwegian exiled soldiers , and the 400 000 german troops in norway surrendered at the end of the war . 
  i think it is really sad that he is confusing canada with the us . 
  your country did so much during ww2 to help europe . 
  nynorsk is a written form of norwegian constructed around a variety of dialects from the western coast , while bokm\u00e5l is based on the south eastern dialects and a sort of `` norwegianized '' riksm\u00e5l which is based on danish . 
  i saw the gogbot festival as well there , i think it was 2015 . 
  atleast that was the one with all the robots and stuff i went to . 
  are all the festivals called gogbot , but with different themes ? 
  last summer , they called my parents ' house on the landline 3 times over 2 weeks . 
  the last time i played along instead of hanging up , and after 20 minutes i just started laughing at him and asked if anybody fell for their scam . 
  he started shouting `` fuck you , please die , sir !, 
  '' , the fact that he still said please and sir made me laugh even more, 
  i think way more norwegians travel to denmark rather than finland . 
  sweden is the first , choice though . 
  \u041e\u043f\u0440\u0438\u0447\u043d\u0438\u043d\u0430 , is n't that reason enough to dedicate him to be a truly inept , bad , and terrible ruler ? 
  like the french deserter bernadotte that tried to invade norway after you asked him to be your king . 
  not much about him in school books , but most view him as a totalitarian dictator responsible for killing millions , and also for defeating hitler together with the allies . 
  [ my girlfriend 's pomeranian ] ( http://imgur.com/a/k83br ) being cute, 
  i disagree . 
  i 've seen sex festivals in enschede with the church being used as well multiple times . 
  not really `` keeping it to yourself '' . 
  how likely am i to develop cancer from using snus almost daily ? 
  i am having a hard time finding any good research on the bad side effects of snus, 
  did you know that norway funds yoga for women in serbia ? 
  norway changed it recently , so after the crown-prince becomes king , we switch to eldest heir regardless of gender . 
  the idea that israel and the jews would give away their means and right to protect themselves is just so farfetched that i honestly ca n't believe that idea even crossed your mind . 
  freedom fries, 
  denmark over norway ? 
  :( but we gave you guys a $ 500 million loan to help you during the financial crisis , and we patrol your airspace , and we hunt whales together . 
  yeah , could be . 
  however , i asked if he understood english at first , then german . 
  my limited polish glossary was n't enough, 
  i have no clue . 
  i was hoping someone from poland or germany had an answer , but it might just have been an individual incident . 
  the arn-books ? 
  iphone and samsung, 
  i asked a polish person if he understood german since he could n't speak english . 
  he certainly understood enough german to be deeply offended .
