  we made nachos both times , and had beer , but it was just such a snooze-fest, 
  watched 2 superbowls on tv with friends , but we gave up due to the lack of playtime and ads, 
  then again , those individuals might be so well integrated and anchored in their country that they would have no reason to move and establish a new homeland, 
  would have to be a big country when their culture is based upon travelling, 
  many take cruises from florida to the caribbean, 
  rome ( as a tourist , never lived in the cities you mentioned ), 
  more like b\u00e5t in norwegian, 
  yes , but the foreigners smoking outside my window in the middle of the night bothers me more, 
  dinosaur crackers, 
  lol the top comment on that video, 
  looking for the sword she is supposed to give the king, 
  bonus points since it came from the same person after i said i was n't german, 
  yes , i have been called a blond nazi and jew in england . 
  i am neither, 
  my little sister has watched all the episodes of the kardashian tv show , so i would guess kim kardashian is popul\u00e6r with teens here, 
  very, 
  unrelated , but does russians learn the latin alphabet in school as well ? 
  immigrants already send loads of welfare money they get from norway back home to their relatives . 
  i can understand a lot from written afrikaans , and dutch ( but somehow wikipedia articles in afrikaans seems easier to understand ) . 
  i get the jist from icelandic , and i 'm kind of disappointed we spent that little time in school with the icelandic language . 
  also the scandinavian languages , but i can speak norwegian and danish just fine , and svorsk when it comes to swedish, 
  i had a part time job at high school , but it was only 2 times a week . 
  most of my friends had part time jobs as well . 
  it 's really hard to afford a `` russebuss '' without having a job . 
  one beer cost like 10 euros , and one drink is usually 14 euros . 
  norway has a strong `` pre-party '' ( vorspiel as we call it ) tradition though , so most people drink and have fun at someones house/apartment and go to the night club around 23:00 -00:30, 
  yeah : / i think you need legal help, 
  maybe an audio recorder on your phone could do the trick . 
  wow , that sounds absolutely terrible . 
  if they even insult you with racial slurs , maybe you can start recording the meetings/interviews ? 
  oatmeal porridge made with water . 
  i lived on that for 3 months last year, 
  they helped liberate northern norway together with norwegian troops and resistance fighters . 
  they also helped rebuild before they retreated, 
  nice to know atleast one belarusian is in this sub !, 
  also , i read that your president is using belarusian language more often in speeches now , has there been diplomatic problems with russia ? 
  i think r/askeurope is a very fair sub , especially compared to r/europe, 
  oh , my bad : /, 
  berserk fjord ski slalom quisling if we go back some hundred years , maybe knife , bag , egg , and stuff like that, 
  maybe scandinavia ? 
  atleast for me , it 's almost free . 
  i pay about 100 euros per semester, 
  we have a black raven on a red background type of flag that comes from the fatherside, 
  nz feels like norway, 
  neat , i thought it was for rema, 
  manual , but automatic is gaining popularity . 
  i like both, 
  rakfisk is delicious though, 
  my bad , i saw those in latvia : x, 
  hm , last time i was there , i saw rema 1000 , r-kiosk and narvesen , is that correct ? 
  i might be remembering it incorrectly, 
  `` there are some 400 norwegian-owned companies in estonia operating in all sectors . 
  some are in production , some in finance , some in services , and many are taking advantage of the inspiring start-up culture that has made your country famous . '', 
  a friend of mine works there , but has almost stopped talking to us back home , haha, 
  maybe estonia . 
  plenty of norwegian companies there, 
  i managed to lean on a box with a screen at the trainstation , and hit a button that made 4 police officers come and yell at me for 10 minutes while asking for my passport . 
  tell her to avoid the boxes/machines at trainstations unless she needs assistance from the police, 
  i like bollinger , but mo\u00ebt et chandon is really popular here, 
  i usually give them what is left of my alchohol on my way from a vorspiel to a club , they seem so happy when i do it . 
  i have to be very careful when walking in parks they camp in to not step on feces . 
  where in norway was he stationed ? 
  my family on both sides were in the resistance movement , while my girlfriend 's family were in nasjonal samling . 
  my grandfather on my motherside , and my grandmother on my fatherside talked a lot about it . 
  it was mostly hiding horses , radio equipment and stuff like that , but my great grandfather helped jews flee to sweden from denmark , and went to prison before he got released due to pressure from his father ( that side of the family is filthy rich ), 
  onkel and tante is used in norway , but it does n't say anything about which side of the family they are on . 
  yes , my bad !, 
  not really , if it seems that way , it was n't correct in my instance, 
  i used farmor and farfar , and bestemor and bestefar for the mother 's side, 
  father side : 1 . farmor , 2 . farfar . 
  father 's mother , 2 . 
  father 's father mother side : 1 . 
  morfar . 
  mother 's mother , 2 . 
  mother 's father *, 
  we also have `` svenskemetoden '' , `` the swedish method '' - the simplest and easiest way of trying to solve a problem . 
  i know this from people pulling the plug from a computer to try and make it work again . 
  this has also given the name to the `` on/off '' button , `` svenskeknappen '' , `` the swedish button '' . 
  spanish uses `` sueco '' as stupid/simple as well ? 
  we have `` angry as a turk '' , `` sint som en tyrk '' . 
  there is also `` take/do a spanish one '' , `` ta en spansk en '' - cut corners/half-ass/illegal but simple solution `` this is all greek to me '' , `` dette er helt gresk for meg '' - incomprihensible, 
  i like both , but the thing i miss the most when driving automatic is the ability to brake with the gear ( might be a terrible translation ), 
  there are special delivery companies that can deliver from whatever place you want to, 
  in the washing room with the tumble dryer , drying cabinet , shoe dryer , etc. 
  thought it was hot food and 5, 
  they seem to work pretty great , but we lack capacity and rent from other countries . 
  i think we should make more deals with countries in eastern europe , africa and the middle east to make criminals from those countries serve jail time in their own country, 
  russian, 
  that 's a pretty flag, 
  last time i was in amsterdam with my girlfriend , we were having some problems with the bus and were to hop off . 
  a guy started staring at us , and at first i thought he was rude and checking out my girlfriend right infront of me , until he asked if we wanted some help . 
  he ended up giving us directions and a tip about a great romantic restaurant . 
  i really appreciate it when locals help out , and have started offering help to distraught-looking tourists as well now, 
  i love how the norwegian journalist tries to switch to german , and it does n't seem to help at all :d, 
  some american brands are way cheaper in the us than here , often 50 % the price . 
  nike , converse , levis , etc. 
  a new pair of sneakers maybe ? 
  loved that drawing, 
  love the sound of the language . 
  never understood the notion that it sounds like russian , i think it sounds more like dutch and spanish mixed,
