  yet i see a lot of people on reddit saying that the only reason ww3 was avoided , was because hillary did n't become president . 
  people ca n't be that dumb ? 
  utgang in norwegian , there you learned another thing . 
  do people honestly think hillary would declare war on russia ? 
  feminine . 
  it 's not the fart that kills you, 
  indeed you are wrong , but only by hundreds of years . 
  but that is a hindrance for norway to invade sweden . 
  if it 's written , you can look for the letters \u00c6\u00d8\u00c5 for danish , and \u00c5\u00c4\u00d6 for swedish . 
  what do you mean ? 
  are they living in bad apartments/houses ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  you should buy some and drink a small glass after your christmas dinner . 
  native americans did all the fighting , 
  a serbian blaming germany for starting ww1 , now that is absolutely hilarious . 
  the flying dutchman is called den flygende hollender in norwegian , but i guess it makes sense as holland was the maritime power of the time . 
  they feel like they are the epicenter of europe . 
  norwegian - person , funny thing is that the word for a norwegian person in norwegian , is northman . 
  norwegian - language/products norway - country, 
  but still , can we use holland without pissing anyone off ? 
  i just love the word `` hollender '' . 
  how about / u/fredagsfisk from sweden ? 
  you both seem to like fish . 
  we say the 1st of january , 19xx . 
  would n't popeland be the place with the least amount of different sects ? 
  i remember my textbook claiming that the french revolution was inspired by the american one . 
  i 've gotten it after breakfast as well , actually . 
  maybe they just bring it to the table for fun when we visit them . 
  thank you for your answers , even though i could n't provide you with a good answer to your question . 
  one more thing , what is the proper name for a `` saloon rifle '' ? 
  it 's called `` salongrifle '' in norwegian , and i just translated it directly . 
  it is a semi-automatic rifle that fires pretty small bullets , but not like the lead shots from air rifles . 
  i see , so the few that are legal are in pretty high demand then . 
  but the ones he is using looks pretty modern , but he is allowed to borrow modern machine guns from legal manufacturers due to his good connections ? 
  i 'm thinking about going to a shooting range in poland the next time i go there with my buddies , as the last time i went to krakow many of them were closed due to a psychopath starting a firefight in one of them . 
  it is possible to shoot with an ak47 there , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  can you rent a gun like that at a shooting range in some american states ? 
  or is it illegal for those places to own automatic rifles ? 
  do you usually drink stuff like gammeldansk after more formal dinners ? 
  i get it quite often when visiting my danish family . 
  the insane amount of employees at airports and shopping malls . 
  it seems so inefficient . 
  i 'm used to check in my own luggage at an automat and not stand in a line until the security check . 
  i understand that this might vary from airport to airport , but that is my experience from newark and fort lauderdale . 
  also , the security employees at newark airport . 
  they had me stand inside a little square of yellow tape while 6 guys all asked me the same question , `` what is your name ? 
  why does your ticket lack your middle name ? 
  is this your passport ? '', 
  for 20 minutes while they had my wallet , cards and passport . 
  i answered the same thing every freaking time they asked , that the woman at the desk might have made a mistake since my name is pretty similar to my father 's . 
  the last 5 minutes i just read a magazine i had in my backpack while they kept repeating themselves , looking at my ids and telling my father and family to move away . 
  i really enjoyed florida and the caribbean islands though , but i do n't care much for all the temperature changes that occurs with the prevalence of aircondition in every car and building . 
  i do n't know enough about american recreational firearm use to give you a good answer , but the stuff that dan bilzerian ( `` instagram-celebrity '' ) post is just ridiculous . 
  if you are n't familiar with the stuff he post , i can tell you what i have seen . 
  he usually goes out in the desert with automatic ( ? ), 
  rifles and machine guns , and acts like the terminator while firing hundreds of shots at different objects . 
  those places must be filled with litter . 
  i enjoy shooting at targets such as cans , paper targets , balloons , etc. , with air rifles , gas pistols and saloon rifles ( ? ), 
  when i 'm at a cabin in the mountains or the woods . 
  we do have a rifle back home at my parents ' house in a weapon safe bolted to cement floor , but i have n't tried that . 
  i do n't have a firearm licence , and i have n't had the time to get a hunting licence . 
  i do n't really want to do it either , but i might just take a course and get the licence in the future just to have it . 
  we 're from the same country , but i think dinner-times vary a lot depending on family . 
  we usually had dinner at 18:00 in my family , or later , depending on when my father came home from work . 
  my mother usually comes home around 16:00 . 
  so me and my siblings usually made some sandwiches after school while doing our homework and waiting for our parents to come home . 
  i usually have a cup of tea , and maybe crispbread with some sort of spreading/topping around 21:00 . 
  it makes pricing and production numbers insanely difficult to set though . 
  just offering another view on how it is difficult to make work if we look away from the philosophical debate . 
  bergensbanen , from oslo to bergen over the mountains . 
  i remember some danes flying butter into norway to help . 
  but you guys did your part as friendly neighbours as well , j\u00e6vla partysvensker som vasker sm\u00f8r som om det var champagne . 
  huh , i 'm having problems imagining that , but i guess it sounds different to many people , 
  [ brown cheese boy approves of your knowledge ] ( http://www.tine.no/merkevarer/brunostene-fra-tine/artikler/brunostens-historie ), 
  i just love your language , it sounds like a mix of spanish with a tiny sprinkle of dutch . 
  the average cost for the licence here is $ 3300 ( this is the average cost it takes to go from zero experience to getting your licence ) . 
  you also need 17 hours of theory , cpr training , accident training , training with driving in the dark and ice . 
  with this basic training , you are allowed to practice with a person over 25 years old that has had a licence for ( 5 or 7 ? ), 
  consecutive years . 
  after that , you need to pass a theory exam with 45 questions , where you are allowed to have 7 mistakes . 
  if you have a medical condition or eyesight problems , you need a certificate from your doctor . 
  if you pass that , you can take the practical exam . 
  many flunk their first attempt , as the examiners can be incredibly strict , maybe too strict in some cases . 
  for example , if someone else does something illegal and you push the brake pedal the same time as the examiner , that is an automatic flunk . 
  think about that gif on the frontpage with the reckless car driver turning right infront of the truck at the highway . 
  oh , and there is a random question about the car/safety procedures before you start the practical test . 
  i 've heard a joke about norway being the capitol of sweden . 
  what do you know about norway ? 
  the roads here tends to become very slippery and covered with ice during the winter . 
  the automobile roads usually gets salted or strewn with gravel , but many/some of the sidewalks and paths does n't . 
  which leads to either a super awkward running style , or the use of studs . 
  is norway considered a part of mainland europe ? 
  we talk about the continental danes as they are a part of mainland europe , while we live on the scandinavian peninsula . 
  studded running shoes and studs you can attach underneath your running shoes are very popular here . 
  however , most people go cross country skiing instead of running dueing the winter if they live close to nature or ski-tracks . 
  there is a norwegian facebook-site that 's named `` pictures in the battle against s\u00e6rskrivingsfeil '' https://m.facebook.com/ettord/?locale2=nb_no, 
  sk\u00e5l, 
  knugen is too busy with his prostitutes and parties !, 
  new zealand , south africa , australia , chile , argentine or canada/usa maybe . 
  the royal guard has a drill show on the 17th of may , but the parades are mostly children , pupils and students walking with flags , suits , dresses , bunad and singing .
