  not sure if this counts though , as i was the foreigner visiting krakow . 
  skiing , especially cross country . 
  handball . 
  harald fairhair wanted to marry gyda , the daughter of eirik the king of hordaland , but was rejected . 
  she said that she would never marry him unless he became king over all of norway . 
  harald then swore an oath that he would not cut his hair until all of norway was his . 
  he spent the next 10 years conquering the kingdoms of norway and uniting them , in addition to going after his enemies in iceland and scotland . 
  there are many stories about him , some claim that he was raised by a troll or even odin himself . 
  reposted since i got a message from a bot that my comment was removed, 
  the temperature of tea water depends on the type of tea, 
  i played it with my friends when we were around 10 years old . 
  warhammer , that is . 
  most of us rarely played , if we played at all , we mostly painted and assembled together . 
  i do n't think it is popular here . 
  my favourite army is the warriors of chaos , due to their armour , weapons , size , norse connotations , and diversity . 
  fluent : norwegian , danish , english decent at german , and can communicate perfectly fine with swedes . 
  able to read and understand some dutch , but not write it or speak it . 
  i also find it hard to understand spoken dutch , i only pick up certain words . 
  languages offered : english , german , spanish , french . 
  some schools offer other languages as well , such as italian , russian , chinese , japanese , etc. 
  i speak danish or norwegian with danes . 
  most danes understand norwegian , but one of my cousins is either daft or terrible at languages . 
  i speak norwegian or svorsk with swedes . 
  some of my friends use english when spraking with danes , which i find absolutely strange , as they can understand different norwegian accents perfectly fine . 
  the willingness to understand is the only thing needed . 
  it was a `` pagan '' tradition in norway to set out porridge for nissen ( the elf ) . 
  here , they beg , steal , scam , break into houses and cars , leave insane amounts of trash and feces in parks , stop honest people on the road by faking car troubles and then try to scam them , etc. 
  i like the book , but the tv-show was too boring for me to finish . 
  i completely agree, 
  not in a long time . 
  i 've met some russian young adults travelling in my country , and had some nice conversations with them , and every time they started to talk about politics ( because we gave obama the peace prize for the great accomplishment of not being bush ) it became stunningly clear how brainwashed they are about putin . 
  yeah , absolutely , but i think there is a lot of people calling it holland . 
  not a majority anymore though . 
  holland : quite common england : extremely common yankees : not at all, 
  roman coins are found in norway and scandinavia . 
  i think the best way is to speak/write and hold conversations , as well as read and watch shows . 
  duolingo also has a norwegian course . 
  it seems like you are well on your way to learn the language , however . 
  haha , i meant -10 c , kinda tired as i ca n't seem to get any sleep on the night-train . 
  but -20 , where in norway did you go to school ? 
  i remember that we were allowed to stay inside during recess at school if it was below 10 celcius . 
  med engelske undertekster - with english subtitles . 
  you could also say : med undertekster p\u00e5 engelsk - with subtitles in english . 
  just pm me if you wonder about something , but the people at / r/norsk are really great as well , 
  those are some norwegian films i like that have english subtitles , 
  adrian goldsworthy is a world leading expert on roman history . 
  i see a lot of people in this subreddit saying that russian is a beautiful language , but too me , it sounds horrible . 
  `` a third avenue to gain citizenship was through an extended period of military service . 
  in order to attract more soldiers , rome offered this prize to those serving in the military for at least twenty-five years and who received an honorable discharge . '', 
  i found that from a website called biblestudies , so take it with a grain of salt , but i am 99 % sure i 've read the same thing from adrian goldsworthy . 
  i found something similar from his own blog : http://www.adriangoldsworthy.com/blog.php?st=80 `` these were not roman citizens , although they gained roman citizenship at the end of their twenty-five years of military service . '', 
  i always love reading about the cod wars . 
  do you know why the area above armenia is called iberia in that map ? 
  i always thought iberia was the area with spain and portugal . 
  did n't soldiers get citizenship after serving ?? 
  it consists of 2 words , kose ( snuggle ) and hore ( whore ) , and i just made it up . 
  you can add words together to make new words in norwegian ( and german and many other languages ) . 
  koselig is a word for when you have a nice time , but it can apply to many different situations . 
  might be something like kosehore in norwegian , but i have never seen or heard that word before , but cushen is n't a word in german . 
  i like it , even though it goes against the stereotype here . 
  is the lighting done by us ? 
  denmark , but i would rather get iceland , greenland , the faroese islands , the orkneys back to norway . 
  there was a lot of talk about us bailing out iceland during their financial crisis , and plenty of icelanders moved to norway . 
  i like the lierbunad with the apple flowers, 
  haha , i thought you were sarcastic , my bad, 
  cheap beers at afterski ? 
  i have shot with saloon rifles ( do n't know the actual translation ) , gas pistols and air pressure rifles/pistols . 
  norway , denmark , sweden , germany , belgium , netherland , england , france , spain , malta , italy , switzerland , austria , croatia , greece , czechia , poland , turkey , cyprus , estonia , the vatican , and i 'm not sure if i 've been to slovenia on a daytrip or not . 
  i really like malta , greece , croatia , spain and italy . 
  also toppenhaug in drammen, 
  bank card that has your photo , and driver 's licence . 
  a lot of gypsies in the bigger cities beg for money . 
  they even have a system where they take different shifts and stuff , and at night they sleep in vans or tents . 
  i think donkeyboy has a lot of good songs , but i do n't know if they are known in other countries . 
  sylvester stallone you say ? 
  lol, 
  not just a bear on a unicycle ? 
  haha , yeah . 
  never let anyone else have a big fleet , 
  we were forced by the british though . 
  when they forced us to gather the dano-norwegian fleet in copenhagen , then later declared war on us anyway and terrorbombed copenhagen , landed troops in denmark , stole parts of the fleet and blockaded norway and started a famine . 
  au for katten !, 
  au for satan !, 
  i have n't gone skiing other places than norway , but i like geilo and hemsedal . 
  me , my brother and our friends have invited a handful to 17 . mai-breakfast in norway every year , and made some good friends that travel to norway afterwards to participate in 17 . mai . 
  but most ecchange students hang out with eachother , though some try to take a language class offered at our school . 
  they only seem to learn a few basic words though , so most communication is in english , with a little in german/french/spanish . 
  ^ because ^ spain ^ and ^ the ^ uk ^ does n't ^ have ^ to ^ pay ^ for ^ national ^ defence / s, 
  but you ca n't honestly believe hillary clinton would declare war on russia ? 
  thanks, 
  ola nordmann and kari nordmann, 
  i would dare to say that it is to some extent . 
  a lot of young people here feel some sort of guilt because of the wealth of norway , and would rather have the government piss it all away . 
  yes , but not azerbaijan . 
  german compoundword *, 
  wooden shoes . 
  `` i 'm driving round the corner , and crash in the christmas tree . '' `` it 's not the fart that kills you , it 's the smell '' `` i had bad pigs in my dekk '' `` it was a moose in the engine '' `` but but , it is ' t only only you know '' `` it was so much dog on the window '' `` when i came around the corner , it all went to h\u00e6lvette '' `` the car understyrt and i was going strait fram '' `` i just take full fart and drive '' rally-norwenglish, 
  haha !, 
  i guess it goes both ways then . 
  i mean , russia did n't declare war on turkey for downing their fighter jet .
