  asics , converse , nike , adidas , in no special order, 
  good point , you might be right, 
  i would say any city in india would claim the vegan title over berlin, 
  same in norway, 
  if you are lazy , poverty will be the result, 
  where lazy-hans leads , poor-hans follows after, 
  i think the hardest part of danish are the different r 's . 
  the o in moorish is kind of similar, 
  the dutch male was the most similar to what i have heard when visiting . 
  i have heard a variant with more of a harking sound , more like a k. 
  can you please teach me how to pronounce enschede ? 
  i have met different people pronouncing it different ways, 
  my parents has apples , blackberries , rabarbra , carrots , herbs , and wild strawberries grows here, 
  france has loads of good comics as well, 
  or internet hero [ captain sweden ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/961304-sweden-yes ), 
  well , i do n't know where a circle starts, 
  lol, 
  butters ? 
  most of my family live in denmark, 
  i have noticed it as well . 
  i also see europeans get downvoted in askanamerican . 
  makes no sense to downvote legitimate questions in subs dedicated to asking questions, 
  most sami live in oslo, 
  i would team up with humanity . 
  there were 400 000 german troops in norway , the space lizards would never get us . 
  unless they nuked us as well . 
  but if i remember correctly , the germans managed to destroy most of their nuclear weaponry, 
  have you read the worldwar-series by harry turtledove ? 
  super interesting . 
  it did n't really explore the teaming up of axis and allies though . 
  spoilers below : the aliens nuked germany, 
  i had to move since the immigrants in the apartment below me smoked 24/7 . 
  disgusting smell . 
  very , there are a lot of indians here . 
  plenty of brands started by indians in the grocery stores , and plenty of indian restaurants . 
  not that many take out places compared to turkish and pakistani though, 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  does the narrative style get boring , or do you like it ? 
  yes , it makes for some quite interesting talks the day after, 
  a friend of mine got a rimjob from one , so i guess they can be pretty wild in the sack as well, 
  exotic , happy , fun , pretty , good dancers , etc. 
  can you recommend `` song of troy '' ? 
  i have almost exclusively read scandinavian , english , american and french authors . 
  i 'll look into them on goodreads , 
  i loved it as a kid !, 
  the library had to request it from the archives of the national library , and it was written in riksmaal . 
  they had a really old copy . 
  aquafresh or solidox . 
  never heard of those authors , what can you recommend from them ? 
  i loved that serie , macro is the big guy , right ? 
  i was considering augustus by john williams last week , but after reading a chapter , i felt like i was n't in the mood for more litterature about rome . 
  it seems like there is n't that many books or media about carthage . 
  i do , but i struggle to find stuff i already have n't read about carthage , which is my favourite subject . 
  my guilty pleasure is historical fiction though , or historical novels ( ? ), 
  if you could suggest some books for me , i would appreciate it . 
  i still have n't found any books i want to read this summer . 
  you mean with the clubs ? 
  the seal die from the first blow , right ? 
  what would happen with the traditional inuit if seal hunting got outlawed ? 
  i think it is ok . 
  some of my friends have turtles . 
  how long has this fish been buried ? 
  stavanger-dialect or eastern, 
  i love lawrence of arabia , such a good film . 
  i also found it neat that the android in prometheus tried to copy lawrence, 
  especially in the hostels there, 
  [ your post reminded me of this ] ( https://youtu.be/4nfv5igp2ua ), 
  mary , mary , fly fly ( not a fly as in a insect , but fly as in the action of flying ) to the heavinly sky , then you will get food , from a pearly dish . 
  there are loads of different versions though , some about the weather as well . 
  we just used `` mari , mari , fly fly '' when i was a kid . 
  edit : if the ladybug flew at the end of your rhyme , it meant good luck, 
  i think the internet itself is a plattform that enables people with very strong opinions to voice them to a large audience . 
  this is why i follow subs like tumblrinaction , quityourbullshit , shitamericanssay , shiteuropeanssay , shitredditsays , badeconomics and iamverysmart . 
  i find it hilarious to see how fucking stupid people all over the world can act . 
  i do n't think europeans are more hateful towards americans on reddit , i think the angry ones are more visible, 
  money , if it does not bring you happiness , it will at least help you be miserable in comfort . 
  i ca n't help you with your plans , but may i suggest the board game `` ticket to ride : europe '' ? 
  if you are a railroad fan, 
  bandy was really popular when i grew up . 
  most football teams played bandy in the winter, 
  maybe they watched twin peaks, 
  hell , even norwegians are happier when in denmark . 
  easy , the rest of the world is suicidal, 
  that is the funniest thing i have read all week, 
  are gypsies afraid of frogs ? 
  haha , that was my friend 's reasoning for importing a chrysler from the us when he turned 18 . 
  thank god he sold it , he drives like a maniac, 
  dogmark , i mean denmark . 
  or maybe dogway , or ho ( und ) lland . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/travel/article/worlds-happiest-countries-united-nations-2017/index.html ) , we are the happiest nation in the world . 
  if that is true , then i truly feel sorry for the rest of the world, 
  insane sjw stuff . 
  we have had debates in newspapers and stuff about manspreading and mansplaining . 
  manspreading does n't even make any sense here , as the seats in our public transport are much higher from the ground and bigger than the public transport in ny ( the place i suspect manspreading comes from ), 
  that is a though choice . 
  venice and valletta are both beautiful cities with tons of history . 
  i think i would go for venice though . 
  i have been there 3 times before , and valletta once , so i might have missed out on something that could perhaps change my opinion . 
  purely speculation , but the different gangs might have an agreement on territory . 
  sorry if you were only looking for hard answers,
