  i do n't find greeks the types to do this , and montenegrians and serbs are n't exactly what you 'd call a large presence in macedonia to really cause anything . 
  of course , i have an obvious bias ^ ^ ^ kosovo ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ serbia , but yeah . 
  cursed american pigdog is out to steal our oil line to make us indentured slaves to the illuminati masonic western amerikkka !, 
  just grab a zajecarsko and hope the fireworks do n't hit our yard . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ plate, 
  i have my bomb shelter ready and waiting !, 
  did n't work out that good for you guys , though . 
  you ended up drunk and misplacing half your clay !, 
  massacre ? 
  bring to justice ? 
  yes . 
  clean of non albanians is my guess . 
  bloody hell , this again . 
  well , i doubt serbia would 've said no , considering the russians hold majority of our energetic sector . 
  they got us by the balls , so to speak . 
  translation : so instead of ukraine , nato wants greece which has poor economy , and a government that 's sucking on putin 's balls . 
  you 're welcome , my serb subject . 
  without a doubt , bringing milosevic down during the late 90s . 
  it basicly moved us from socialism to democracy and capitalism . 
  as / u/xy100 said , this is a staged conflict . 
  besides , even if it was n't , i doubt the attackers would use the kla insignia . 
  the last thing kosovo needs is to have itself associated with terrorists . 
  i certainly hope they wo n't go neutral , but it 'd be scummy to not deploy troops to push russia out if it happened - fortunately , i do n't think putin is going to poke nato in the eye like that . 
  he wants a buffer state - that 's what the new republics made from ukraine 's east territory are . 
  i wanted to make it seem like `` despite being militarily neutral , it does n't stop us from cooperating with the us '' , rather than `` we 're neutral , but we 're breaking it for the us ' sake . '', 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  nah , there is n't that much bad blood . 
  we may not think of nato in the best light , but we are neutral and willing to work with anyone . 
  besides , for most people it 's in the past - we 're a eu candidate , and we 're trying to get through a tough financial situation and heavy corruption . 
  of course . 
  i just mentioned us because the thread is about ukraine and us, 
  do n't be silly , everyone loves removing kebab here !, 
  from plate , though . 
  delicious pork kebabs , yum . 
  nothing will come out of it . 
  the political shitshow this would cause globally will discourage western support for this . 
  just getting cheap political points back at home . 
  i know it 's nitpicky , but i thought bosnia does n't recognize kosovo ? 
  what 's it doing on the map there ? 
  serbia also does military training with us forces despite being militarily neutral . 
  regardless , the timing of the exercise is undoubtedly meant to send a message to russia . 
  it 's good that we 're seeing the genocide finally being recognized by everyone . 
  just because someone is an ally , does n't excuse them from ignoring their past actions . 
  just letting you know the why . 
  i think he was giving the government a lecture on some topic , which prompted the whole ` brits deciding ' thing . 
  because tony blair recently visited our government in serbia , which caused a lot of flak with the public , as he 's seen as one of the people behind the nato bombardment of serbia during the 1999s . 
  i doubt there 'll be war , everyone 's too economically starved and nationalism is at an all time low . 
  despite all the shit you see like seselj burning flags , they 're a minority that most people ignore . 
  of course , our politicians love grinding gears against each other to distract us from the fact they 're all corrupt shits . 
  that man continues to be stuck in the 90 's . 
  nobody cares for war with anyone anymore , we 're all just trying to survive as it is . 
  unfortunately , bosnia 's internal structure as per dayton allows for oddities like this . 
  it does n't help that dodik , president of the serb entity , keeps banging his chest and calling for independance and sparking up nationalism . 
  as with serbia , the politicians are just out for their own benefit , sadly . 
  i believe that 's more due to the appearence of a strong , powerful government . 
  in another reply , i mentioned that serbs have a strong anti-western view due to nato bombing of serbia - and a lot of russian propaganda affects our folks here , as well . 
  the idea here , and i assume the same is for russians , is that you have a strong leader - someone who , after the crappy period of post socialist times , managed to get control of russia back together , and make it a factor once more . 
  like it or not , putin did manage to recover russian economy . 
  so now , most russians are stuck with 24/7 war propaganda blasting on their tvs and newspapers how the evil west is out to get them , and have literally zero alternative options . 
  what little opposition is around has shown very little in how they would do things - just saying putin is bad . 
  so one part just nods along because the leadership , while bad , could be worse , and the other is affected by propaganda . 
  but if you think they would n't want a transparent , non-corrupt , peaceful government like most european nations have , i do think you 're mistaken . 
  you 'll have bad apples wherever you go , no matter the nationality . 
  the massacre was a horrible thing , but just like most of the population of germany was n't for hitler 's death camps , neither was most of the serb population for the war crimes against bosnians and croatians during the war . 
  just making sure . 
  a lot of serbs have a strong anti-western sentiment due to nato bombings , and it tends to show . 
  just wanted to make it cleari was n't shilling for anyone . 
  due to russian politicians . 
  do you really think any average joe on the russian streets wanted a war with a country where they have friends and family ? 
  i do n't want to make it seem like i 'm defending russia , but the ordinary citizen has nothing to do with it . 
  blame it on the guys on top . 
  tennis is pretty much recent since novak djokovic came on the scene , in honesty . 
  basketball has been around since the yugo days ( basketball team of yugoslavia stronk , never forget ), 
  turbofolk is still a thing , not just on serbia 's territory . 
  hell , one of the most famous turbofolk singers on these parts is croatian . 
  but yeah , i get the disconnect between name and person . 
  yeah , as well as others in yugoslavia . 
  shitty politicians expoloiting young , brash people by blaming the other guy and sparking a civil war no average yugoslav citizen wanted . 
  your english is fine , do n't worry . 
  there 's a lot of corruption down here as well , and it sucks what happened to you guys . 
  i hope you pull through , but as aforementioned kosovo situation shows , those sort of thing rarely go anywhere . 
  russian politicians . 
  same thing happened back in former yugoslavia , where the only people who benefitted from the war were the politicians . 
  do n't let a few dickweeds ruin your view of people . 
  started as a placeholder name , never ended up switching it . 
  i 'm far from that kind of guy , trust me . 
  it 's such a sad state of affairs when two brotherly nationalities are forced into hatred due to politics . 
  i guarantee you most of the ukranians and russians living in ukraine were perfectly content with each other before this whole shitshow started , and are being turned against one another by their politicians . 
  do n't know if you guys have the expression , but here we have `` sjasi murta da jase kurta '' ( murta , get off the horse so kurta can ride ) implying no real change happening , only in names . 
  i certainly hope gruevski gets replaced by someone better , but balkan politics leave me deeply cynical that 'll happen . 
  best of luck , regardless , 
  a bit late for the thread , but i 'll give my two cents anyways . 
  the biggest thing that keeps these people in power is n't any masterful trickery . 
  i doubt you 'd find much in terms of false voting going around , though those tricks are well known here ( dead people voting , for example ) . 
  the biggest chokehold these people have on their respective countries is the fact there 's a lack of jobs compared to the population . 
  this means the people are dependent on them to find any work to be able to feed their families . 
  and of course , in return , they want you to vote for them , campaign for them , and after all , you do n't need the majority to win . 
  with coalitions , you just need to pass the census to be able to get into the government . 
  a man who received only 15 % of the vote has in 2012 become prime minister - despite two parties having larger numbers than he did , and is our current minister of foreign affairs . 
  with just 15 % of the populace behind him , he played the political system to gain the most powerful seat in the country .
