how ` special ' the adl is or is n't is a merit on it 's own to be judged - i 'm just clarifying the contents of the article , as in usual reddit fashion , people tend to skip it to comment immidiately . 
  keep in mind the article says that the adl did mention it 's status as a racist symbol should be taken on a case by case basis . 
  regardless , this is a real slippery slope . 
  i do n't like it one bit . 
  yugoslavia was a two-state federation of serbia and montenegro as two separate countries within itself . 
  this guy was ( and still is ) head of the montenegrin government . 
  we already tried protesting , and violently too . 
  milosevic was brought down by force . 
  and all that we have to show for it is a corrupt government , a worse off economic situation , and the same people that were in power in the nineties as democratic europeans . 
  a lot of people lost their will to fight after that . 
  welcome to serbia , is all i can say . 
  not surprising at all , it was a sort of public secret even before this . 
  hell , what can you say when our lottery is the only one in all of europe that loses more money than it brings in ? 
  tears are salty , so calling someone salty or ` mining salt ' means that someone is upset to the point of crying, 
  his grace , lord djilas has blessed our basketball teams  but yeah , we 're on a winning streak , let 's keep it up !, 
  translation - https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=sr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=sr&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.b92.net%2fsport%2fkosarka%2fvesti.php%3fyyyy%3d2015%26mm%3d06%26dd%3d28%26nav_id%3d1009458&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url, 
  apologies , my kebab speak is outdated by about 500 years !, 
  bad turkey !, 
  halal !, 
  it 's problematic to set what genocide is because genocide by definition means attempting to exterminate that one specific people - going out of your way to purge all men , women and children so their genetics do n't spread ( hence the word genocide ) . 
  while it 's undoubtedly mass murder , it ca n't be classified as genocide because it was n't the intention of the serb army to exterminate the bosniaks , though it does n't make what they did any better . 
  nema problema . 
  i was referencing tropico the video game , not the band ( though i 'm a big fan of them , too ) . 
  they have an itunes page [ here ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/tropico-band/id404749645 ) and cds seem to be hard to come by , as most people have smartphones and either play the music through a background youtube player or download it off the internet . 
  nothing justifies what happened . 
  but arkan is sniffing flowers from below the ground , and seselj 's warmongering is dead in the water , and his verdict will come eventually , i hope . 
  they 're dinosaurs - they had influence before , but they 're dead . 
  people do n't have time for ethnic hate right now , they 're barely scrounging up to survive . 
  and i do n't blame you for being young and stupid , we all were . 
  i remember singing `` go kill and gut until the shqiptar is no more '' drunkenly down the street when i was twelve , and now i could n't care less about any of it . 
  the lack of discussion is because there 's nothing to talk about . 
  both sides know they did wrong , and both are too proud to admit it . 
  and our politicians use it as a great way to earn the votes when election season comes by slandering the other side . 
  as for yugoslavia itself , it 's dead in the water , and long gone . 
  i 'd have love to have been able to have an excursion like my mother all across the adriatic , and to live in a country where everyone had enough , and people were satisfied with their lives and were able to live , and not scrounge up day to day hoping they have enough . 
  i wish for it back , sure . . but it 's gone now , lost in the blaze of war of young people fooled by power-hungry warmongers who carved our country up and made their own feuds to rule over and make us fight for them . 
  what 's done is done , and we can only hope to move on forward and work together for a better future instead of fighting . 
  i 'd love to , but even if the killer was related to the serb government , they screwed up their plan by nearly bending over backwards for the austrians , rejecting just one demand , which was to allow austrian police officers to carry out the investigation on serbian soil ( was n't accepted due to a major breach in sovereignity of the kingdom ) and instead called for an international arbitrage . 
  we all know how that request went , though . 
  arkan is dead . 
  seselj is a nutcase whose party is filled with idiots who are no longer have enough people to sit on the parliament which will slowly die out as the `` muh surbia '' people die off as well . 
  and i highly doubt both sides did n't commit war crimes - it 'd be foolish to consider there were n't bad things happening . 
  and as you said , you have those kind of people there , and we do over here - but they 're a minority , and most people are aware war is n't a clean business , and shitty stuff happens . 
  not saying we did n't , just saying we were n't the only one . 
  we did ? 
  there was a lot of unrest here over the serbian president 's apology to the bosniaks for srebrenica , and we shipped off our commanders to be trialed and judged by the icj without protest . 
  i 'm not sure for an actual diplomatic apology , but we did plenty to show we 've distanced ourselves from that path . 
  for a lot of people i know , the only reason they support eu ascension is because they 're hoping germany and the west will put these people in line . 
  the eu has it 's rules and regulations , and unlike local rules ca n't be so easily skirted . 
  though it seems a bit lazy to just skid along and hope eu fixes it , a lot of people feel disheartened because we tried back during the 90 's to bring the government down , and we only got in a worse situation . 
  it 's hard to get rid of corruption when you 're downright dependant on these people . 
  jobs are scarce , and if you want employment , you either pay around 5k euro for one , which a lot of people do n't have , or you kiss politician ass and hope he graces you with some small turd and hope you 're not kicked out to make room for someone else . 
  it 's always sunni in ~ ~ philadelphia ~ ~ the caliphate !, 
  yes , but we 're slow and government wo n't adopt right laws , which is growing corruption too much and eating euromoney profits . . oh , darn , playing too much tropico again . 
  i see . 
  i know it exists , but it does n't strike me as something that prevalent . 
  thank you for your input . 
  kafirs are boiling over these top 5 ways to bring down the zionist western pigs !, 
  what ? 
  yolo made a joke , and kamille asked for an explanation , which i gave him . 
  i 'm not claiming we would 've ` solved ' the problem , look at my comment , i 'm condemning what was done . 
  isis does bad things and makes threats , which translates into clicks , which translates to ad money . 
  it 's why you see such a strong media focus on bad things happening - they get more views . 
  i actually heard about it - there 's a prevalent `` blood feud '' thing in montenegro and albania , though i 've not heard much about it besides it existing . 
  is it really commonplace , or just in more rural areas ? 
  i 'm not saying we do n't deserve it , i 'm just saying it 'd be nice to hear we were n't the only guys doing bad stuff during the war . 
  and honestly , if serbia could be like germany economically , i 'd bear the burden of starting two world wars gib euromonies pls, 
   not denying we did ethnic cleansing  just saying back then the army was still yugoslav, 
  we usually do n't do second dates . . but we 'll make an exception for you guys . 
  as i said , i 'm aware we did some bad stuff . 
  i do not approve of it , nor do i try to say it did n't happen . 
  as for us striking first , back then the army that assaulted was still part of yugoslavia , moving in to quell an uprising . 
  it 's natural that an army of a country tries to move in to supress a revolt for independance it deems unlawful . 
  please , take them , and keep them there . 
  we do n't need any violent turds , we have enough troubles over here as is . 
  it 's a joke , but we 're generally bitter over the post-war narrative being `` serbia bad , everyone else good '' . 
  i 'll be the first to say we did some bad stuff , but overlooking the bad stuff of other countries in the yugoslav wars left us salty . 
  not to mention the general disdain for nato due to their bombing runs all over serbia . 
  but why even give gender to god ? 
  i doubt an all powerful being that created the world can be identified as male or female . 
  if we want to be correct , we would refer to god as an it , not he or she . 
   the visit was being held under tight security with some 1,300 policemen deployed in the capital tirana , police and army helicopters overhead and streets in the center of the city blocked to traffic . 
  unfortunately , this statement in itself shows we 're a far way from getting along properly . 
  there 's still a lot of contempt between albanians and serbs , and i do n't see it going away anytime soon . 
  save the porn !, 
  there 's plenty of tv networks and newspapers , but they might all be the same - they subject themselves to a lot of self-censorship , keeping any fuckup 's of the government out of the news . 
  hell , if you just read our newspapers and watched tv , you 'd think we 're actually a modern european country . 
  pretty much the whole point of eastern destabilization was to ensure russia could pedal troops and supplies back and forth to crimea without trouble . 
  eastern ukraine was never putin 's goal - he knew he could n't get away with it , which is why , unlike in crimea , he did n't absorb the territories into russia . 
  should be noted that sns is more or less the same cloth as ds was - they 're doing fuck all for the country , and it 's only getting worse . 
  the only thing they changed was the party flag , and that they 're pro west now . 
  / r/eu4 is leaking again . 
  they tend to be different when performed live , really . 
  i hear albania 's song came off much worse than the recorded version . 
  i think my country also went with a totally different song than planned , as well . 
  so , better to sit back and judge the performance on the night itself !, 
  thanks for the write up , op . 
  i 'll wait to hear the songs personally instead of hearing them now . 
  also , it 's zeljko joksimovic - you made a typo . 
  most important event in serbian history ?
