  there 's a lot of important ones , but i suppose the first and second serb uprising , which led towards the creation of an independant serbian country . 
  i meant in a general sense , actually . 
  not that you were a dickweed , but `` i 'm not going to act like a dickweed because you guys say it like this and we say it like that '', 
  it 's said with a sh , so i put it there . 
  no need to be a dickweed about it just because albanians spell it like that and serbs do n't . 
  lots of people have a sort of grumbling acceptance towards the eu , but outright hate nato for what they did . 
  ca n't really blame them , though , you guys tossed carpet bombs at us . 
  i think i heard nuclear waste as well , though i 'm not sure on that front . 
  i was a kid when it happened , but i still remember the bridge we used to cross to the other side of the city being blown up entirely . 
  shit was scary . 
  i do n't really know for syrians and palestinians , but the albanians from kosovo pretty much cross into serbia legally , and take a ride with the bus all the way north to the border , and get off there , where they proceed to cross over illegally . 
  it blew up during the winter , and it 's been going ever since - the local bus company that covers travel for south serbia pretty much has double the buses going back and forth from prishtina . 
  it 's more or less a public secret at this point . 
  * it 'll be this year , guys , i promise !, 
  rome was n't built in a day , pal . 
  the least we can do is suck it up and hope our kids will have a better place to be in, 
  romania seems better off , and bulgaria is n't quite the same with the protests they had . 
  give it some time . 
  i swear , if i see one more rerun of suleyman . . * rants *, 
  at least you can run away from your politicians to the west !, 
  we 're stuck with 'em so far . 
  leave it to the germans to get the slavs working against their will . 
  i 'm sure there 's something inappropriate here , but eh . 
  to my knowledge , the eu itself does not require you to change your currency to the euro , but you have to accept it in everyday life on equal grounds as a local currency . 
  i 'm in support . 
  these corrupt fucks wo n't accomplish anything without a stick poking them from the back to fix stuff . 
  my apologies to you . 
  but it 's a sort of preconcieved notion on the balkans . 
  serbs = orthodox , croatians = catholics , bosniaks = muslim , made that way due to nationalism rising up during the 90 's . 
  you are n't ? 
  i was under impression that bosniaks were the largest ethnicity in bosnia , and as such , islam was the dominant religion . 
  i 'm saying that they backed a group that was n't as sincere as they presented themselves to be . 
  i do n't have any illusions that all the albanians on kosovo are the same as them , much like how not all serbs are milosevic or karadzic . 
  you were n't the only one affected . 
  bosnia went from a christian kingdom to a majority muslim nation under the ottomans !, 
  the reason it happened was due to albanian independance . 
  serbia was supposed to give a larger part of macedonia to bulgaria , because they counted for sea access in the adriatic , which changed when albania was given independance and throwing a wrench in serbian plans , which prompted the serbs to hold onto larger swathes of macedonia . 
  also , to my understanding , did n't bulgaria declare war first ? 
  the second balkan war happened some time after the first . 
  yeah , we have n't quite figured out boats because we do n't have a sea . 
  got ta take your victories where you can !, 
  the western world also likes to seem altruistic and infalliable . 
  reporting on this would require to admit that maybe they backed the wrong guys in a fight . 
  from what i read in the news , the police was sent to the border , not to kumanovo itself . 
  let me doublecheck . 
  edit : here - http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=05&amp;dd=09&amp;nav_id=94062 . 
  states the police was placed on the border . 
  at first i was like - dafuq is bors and lipie . 
  and then i saw corba and what looks like a pogaca ( baked circular bread ) . 
  but it 's a pretty good value , i 'll admit . 
  as for their fb page , i wo n't torture myself with looking at all that good food . 
  i offered my theory !, 
  though it is an odd thing , is n't it ? 
  i wish we had a proper linguist to give us an answer . 
  kirile careeeeee !, 
  that song is amazing . 
  hmm . 
  it was speculation on my part , so i was n't certain . 
  i do think it 's correct - we had a bunch of smaller italian states , so their unification made a greater italy , hence why it 's called like that . 
  however , it 's possible i am wrong . 
  do n't they have bunkers , instead of bomb shelters ? 
  legit question , i ca n't remember atm . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to point out , though . 
  great britain already exists as great britain . 
  there was n't a britain that became bigger and as such greater . 
  great britain was always the name , compared to serbia and albania , which already exist as such , and the territorial expansion would make them bigger , aka greater than they already are . 
  a lot of the balkans , save slovenia and croatia ( if you can really count slovenia as balkan , i count them as european ) were under austro-hungaria , and grew up with western ideals . 
  bosnia for some time , as well , but the occupation was n't long enough to leave a mark . 
  meanwhile , you had serbs , bulgarians , greeks , albanians , macedonians and bosniaks all living under the turks for five hundred years . 
  it creates a cultural rift - not as great as it once was , but it 's still evident - there 's a lot of turkish words used in serbian , for example - almost none of them are used in croatian . 
  i loved alex ferguson . 
  orbit never had a better mascot than him !, 
  fuck , that image . 
  i 'm already full of cevaps and pljeskavice made on skara and i 'm hungry again just looking at it . 
  also , what do you get for three euros ? 
  i think a moderately sized pljeskavica here is about a 120 rsd ( about one euro ) , though i do live in the southern part of serbia , where prices are lower because people got no mney . 
  filthy kidney gild ? 
  ^ i 'll ^ take ^ it ^ but ^ do n't ^ tell ^ anyone, 
  because it 's refers to an existing country . 
  ( great britain ) . 
  we already have an existing serbia and albania , so these new territories would make them greater than they already are - hence greater serbia/albania . 
  such is the balkan life , yes . 
  my aunt celebrated her birthday today , and it was pretty much the same thing . 
  kebab , burgers , rakija , and turbo folk all day . 
  thanks for the song suggestion , stranger , i 'll have it blasting all night now . 
  i 'll settle for some [ reddit silver ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sy9lvl4.jpg ) instead !, 
  [ let it be known !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac ), 
  stick fork into kebab ? 
  i like your thinking , stranger !, 
  [ #justbalkanthings ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcb4_qwp6fe ), 
  i never heard that one before , but it 's applicable to a lot of nations on the balkans , if not the whole of balkan itself . 
  gave me a chuckle anyways , so have an upboat !, 
  sweet , i got my rakija , let 's shoot down some invisible planes . 
  i 'd say they 're more concerned with the upcoming protests . 
  a lot of the macedonians i spoke too seem convinced their government is doing it to try to dodge the listening in issue that was happening . 
   albanian lizard nato illuminati marry me . 
  bring it on !, 
  ^ though ^ my ^ surname ^ is ^ bulgarian ^ so ... 
  i do n't see which other nation it could be , though .
