  the question was n't `` do hungarians want autonomy for any majority areas ? 
  '' , it was `` what specific areas are they upset losing ? '' . 
  i think it is safe to say that transylvania was one of them for historical reasons . 
  autonomy is a completely different question . 
  my children are still toddlers , but i 'm increasingly leaning toward the idea that unless the higher education system in the us is drastically fixed , i will be sending them to europe when it is time for them . 
  i do n't really see any significant downside . 
  right , but the question was what people are upset losing , not what would have been practical to keep . 
  i agree . 
  i was thinking of some kind third-power protected status . 
  maybe france or italy would make sure that trade routes stay open . 
  it 's funny to me how even though football ( and some other sports to some extent ) itself has a middle-american ( i.e. 
  redneck ) tone and military worship to it , fans themselves very rarely care about social issues when it comes to sports . 
  if drafting an illegally immigrated gay black jewish player is going to get them a championship , even the most racist idiot fan is going to shut up about it . 
  extreme unemployment makes people do extreme actions . 
  i 'm a bit surprised they did it to an eu citizen though . 
  i would have assumed that they would have attacked a non-eu migrant instead, 
  i 'm not trying to make a political statement . 
  i 'm just saying that were clear hungarian majority areas in transylvania even if the rest of the region did n't have any . 
  that 's all . 
  probably , but allied power had their own interests in the region and were n't necessarily interested in a peaceful atmosphere . 
  the only problem would have been transylvania . 
  making the hungarian-majority area separate would have created an exclave in romania . 
  not that it could n't be done , but it would have been complicated diplomatically . 
  if you 're counting the entire area of transylvania , yes . 
  but that 's ignoring that there were/are clear areas in there that are majority hungarian . 
  why not also the hungarian-majority part of transylvania as well ? 
  that was the only nominally independent part of the kingdom during the ottoman occupation , so there is historical importance of that areas as well . 
  you can find other opinions , but i think the overall consensus with hungarians is that they do n't really care about the non-hungarian land that was taken in the treaty . 
  it would be enormously hypocritical of them anyway since their terms of armistice were wilson 's points , which included self-determination . 
  i 've never met anyone who says `` we need to completely take back slovakia and other lands even though no hungarians live there '' . 
  i 'm sure there are some super far-right people who think this , but it 's definitely a very small minority . 
  almost no one wants to bring back the old kingdom borders because no one wants to manage the other ethnicities living within in it . 
  hungarians get butthurt because even though they agreed to self-determination for everyone , they were quickly denied it for themselves for political and economic reasons when they were drawing up the new borders . 
  the hungarian delegation asked that contested areas be allowed a referendum to decide what country they could belong to , and they were denied that option . 
  i would hope that most people would agree that these areas should have had the option to choose . 
  ( and in case anyone starts to take my words out of context : no , i 'm not saying that we should do referendums now . 
  that 's only going to inflame everyone at this point . ), 
  you would be amazed at how often this damn treaty comes up in conversation , even with expats . 
  i 've heard opinions ranging from `` it 's gone . 
  forget about it '' to `` it 's going to ours again someday , so just be patient '' . 
  is n't `` homo nazi '' supposed to be in there somewhere ? 
  i think this is just a problem of historical memory . 
  roma in europe cling to their identity because of historical oppression and slavery , even if that identity means no one likes them and they wo n't economically progress . 
  integrating means that the oppressors have `` won '' . 
  there is hate coming from the other side too , also making it difficult . 
  it 's an intractable position . 
  roma in the us do n't have this problem because they were n't systematically oppressed ( at least as far as i know ) . 
  you can sort of say the same thing about an african american in the us . 
  if you were to transport them to another country that did n't have black slaves , you would probably end up with the same thing . 
  ( yes , i know i am simplifying things here , but you get my point ), 
   however , the methods the americans used , would be considered too brutal by today 's standards . 
  what methods were these ? 
  as far as i know , they were n't treated any differently than irish/italian/german immigrants/settlers . 
  replace with rubles and he 'd be eating it by the bale . 
   furthermore they 'd rather not ` push ' turkey towards russia russia is a close ally with armenia and has repeatedly recognized the armenian genocide . 
  while the us acknowledging the genocide would create the problems you described , it would n't lead to turkey going to russia . 
  they were arrested because of an fbi indictment . 
  they just happened to be in switzerland at the time . 
  as far as i know , no one else was willing to do this . 
  i would n't say that the us `` saved '' football though . 
  the whole organization is corrupt , and it remains to be seen if that can be rooted out . 
  at worst , all that can be said is that any future corruption will be much more subtle and underhanded that it has been in the past . 
  1 year `` eurobarometer for poland '', 
  of course they did n't . 
  that was my point . 
  what he 's saying is ludicrous and does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
   we are independent as long as we have an army and the eu does n't . 
  and leaving the eu instantly without renegotiation means you are instantly economically dependent on russia . 
  good luck with that . 
   the opinion of the eu wo n't change back to positive . 
  ok , so political election of candidate has to be * only * because millions of people very suddenly ( on the order of a few months ) and drastically changed their opinion on one part of a general party platform , but because now it favors your opinion , it 's impossible for it to go back ? 
  so if i come back to this thread in about a year with a new eurobarometer from 2015 that still shows  50 % support of the eu in poland , you would eat your words ? 
  i do n't really think this reflects a drastic change on the opinion of the eu , but more likely reflects changes in opinion on domestic issues , but let 's say for the sake of argument that it was only the eu opinion that changed : so if opinion/politics can change that quickly against the eu , does n't it stand to reason that it can just as easily change back just as quickly ? 
  it 's not like you can leave the eu instantly . 
  lisbon treaty says countries have to go through a 2-year negotiation process . 
  the latest [ eurobarometer ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb82/eb82_first_en.pdf ) shows that everything you 're saying is wrong . 
  polling in support of eu is overwhelming in poland ( actually one of the highest in the eu as a whole ) . 
  mostly i 'm referring to the sub-saharan refugees ( i 'm not knowledgeable about the syrian/iraqi refugees to comment ) . 
  it 's not meant to be a slight or insult ( my parents were n't educated either ) . 
  it 's just that they can not participate in the economy without a large amount of training or education because the underlying economies are fundamentally different . 
  this hugely complicates integration . 
  as a first-generation american , this is true , but there is a key difference right now : bob and sally in the eu do n't have any job prospects , do n't possess any useful skills for getting a job , and are considered to be `` others '' by a large segment of the population even 1 or 2 generations later . 
  now their kids have a whole mix of socio-economic issues to deal with that makes it difficult for them to integrate or contribute to the society they are trying to integrate in . 
  when my parents immigrated ~ 50 years ago , this simply was n't a problem : there was no shortage of manual labor/manufacturing jobs that paid decently . 
  heck , you did n't even need to speak english for most of them . 
  those jobs are long gone . 
  the us also has the benefit of being selective who could come across the ocean ( hence why they typically accept the educated , and rarely the opposite ) , and the direct land connection with mexico means that there is better communication and support networks for migrants coming over from there . 
  and central/south americans are not exactly a world apart in terms of culture , so integration is much less of an issue . 
  i do n't know what the solution here is , because there is n't really any good options for anyone . 
  the `` best '' option is trying to fix the home countries so that the migrants are n't coming in such huge numbers , but it 's doubtful that can be done without getting involved to such an extent that it will look like colonialism all over again . 
  letting them drown in the med is downright inhuman . 
  it 's just a mess . 
  i remember this as well . 
  i recall russians protested the embassy and were offering sausages ( or something similar ? ) . 
  it was meant to be an insult if i remember right . 
   hence the new narrative : `` the ruling elite is a lesser problem , it 's just russians are being fucktards , as they 've always been ! '', 
  it 's because it 's much easier to say this than to admit that the west has been dismissive , perhaps even disrespectful , to russian interests and concerns since the fall of the ussr . 
  so russian leadership quickly learns : being strong and threatening yields respect . 
  i feel much of this could have been avoided had clinton and albright handled foreign policy better in the 90s , especially with serbia . 
   ultranationalistic administrations the ussr was not an ultranationalistic government .
