  or maybe put off some optional projects ? 
  no , it 's always libraries , parks , police , and other things they actually want . 
  since it 's things they want , the population ends up agreeing to a budget/tax increase anyway because they 're made to think it 's necessary , when it is n't . 
  it 's exactly like you described : they close the entrance and you ca n't go in . 
  i do n't know if it 's guarded or not , but trespassing on federal land is a big no-no . 
  even the monuments in dc apparently have fences around them saying you ca n't go near them . 
  i do n't live near any big park so i 'm not sure how it works , but i 'd guess that the road remains open if it 's an interstate , just the exit onto the park is closed . 
  many decades ago , congress was getting concerned about the national debt that has accumulated and came up with the idea of a debt ceiling . 
  it was designed to curb deficit spending by putting a hard limit on the total amount of money that the government could owe . 
  once the debt reaches that ceiling , the government can not legally borrow any more . 
  but here 's the rub : who controls the debt ceiling ? 
  why congress , of course !, 
  so the very rule that is meant to control congress is controlled by congress itself . 
  as you can imagine , this just means that as a ceiling is hit , it 's just raised further . 
  once in a while , a minority party trying to look responsible will vote against increasing the debt limit without some cuts to the budget , but these cuts are always infinitesimal and are only meant to give the appearance of fiscal responsibility without actually solving the problem . 
  any discussion of not raising the ceiling quickly turns into `` america will default if we do n't increase it ! '', 
  and all sorts of economic apocalypse predictions . 
  tl ; dr : it 's a meaningless legal limit that does n't do anything . 
  well , there ya go . 
  i did n't even know that we ran anything like that over there . 
  to be fair though , i 'm guessing the average european is not going to notice those being shut down for a short while . 
  ok , but none of those actually solve the underlying issues ( healthcare is too expensive and costs are skyrocketing ) , and again , it 's not insurance anymore , it 's something else . 
  you 're right that single-payer never would have passed , and real reform probably would n't either . 
  either way i 'm just going to wait for the whole system to implode and see what comes out of it . 
  that 's great and all , but letting in people in pre-existing conditions no matter what does n't make it insurance anymore . 
  insurance is a risk-mitigation mechanism . 
  throwing people on there with a known high risk messes that whole system up . 
  it actually would 've been better to fund them separately somehow . 
  not a supporter of the current us healthcare system , btw , but i do n't see how this law is an improvement either , since it does n't fundamentally change what 's actually wrong . 
  you 'll know actual default is close when * real * spending cuts start appearing on the table , ie social security , medicare , defense . 
  when you start to see drastic reform or cutting of those items , then you know the political leadership is terrified . 
  i 'll save you the suspense : there will be loud hand-wringing and a few token cuts , and then the ceiling will be raised . 
  if it 's naked people in a hot room , americans are going to assume that there 's sex involved . 
  sorry , but it 's true . 
  my guess is not at all unless you are actually on vacation in america . 
  it 's only `` non-essential '' services that are cut . 
  so only things like national parks/museums or the national science foundation are actually closed right now . 
  visa processing and other services are still going . 
  no one expects this shutdown to last very long , typically they are for a week or two at most , then it 's business as usual . 
  how can they search bags without customs ? 
  or are they checking just for illegal contraband ? 
  my understanding is that if you are asked for id , you need something to show that you are indeed legally in the schengen area . 
  if not a passport , then a resident id . 
  if you have neither , you could be detained until it 's cleared up , i think . 
  a student id might work ? 
  i would check with the police or school though . 
  i ca n't speak for the other countries , but in hungary , the roma have been settled in villages for a long time . 
  they are most certainly citizens . 
  i imagine that 's true for all of eastern europe . 
  this is why countries like slovakia ca n't really do anything except try to build walls around their villages . 
  they ca n't deport them anywhere and they ca n't do anything to them that they would n't want done to their own citizens . 
  i have no idea what the solution is . 
  if they 're working below the minimum wage , that sounds like a problem with law enforcement , not necessarily with the migrants themselves . 
  regardless , i think after after a while , it can be expected for the income gap to close a bit to where this kind of behavior is n't as pervasive . 
  i wish americans would see the problems with the hyper-patriotism that seems to pervade every corner of politics . 
  every election season seems to be a battle of `` i love america and the other guy hates it '' . 
  as you can imagine , because of these kind of debates , the actual policy discussions are extremely shallow and overwhelmed by one-line catchphrases . 
  [ here 's one example ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/politics/story?id=3690000&amp;page=1 ) . 
  i 'm embarrassed to say that this `` incident '' took up a lot of the discussion for a few weeks during the campaign season that could have been better spent debating anything else . 
  it was really quite sad . 
  i actually worry a little bit about what this environment could turn into if the economy tanks very hard . 
  this comes up in the us every few years and does n't go anywhere . 
  it 's kind of hard to pay for slavery when the people who suffered it and those that owned them are n't around anymore . 
  if you were n't by chicago , you did n't get the real stuff ( tons of polish immigrants there ), 
  they know : /, 
  i can confirm this ( had many friends work at shelters ) . 
  there were generally three types : those who just had some bad circumstances and needed a few weeks/months to get their shit together , the mentally ill , and those that just would n't work . 
  i only really go there if there is nothing else or i 'm broke for the day or something . 
  it 's at about the same level as white castle for me . 
  - prague spring - beer - vaclav havel - the jingling of keys to tell the communist leadership that their time is up . 
  - velvet revolution - velvet divorce - a lot of german influence seems like most of what i know is from the communist period . 
  i 'm not trying to say that america was 100 % responsible . 
  obviously french and british policymakers were being extremely short-sighted here . 
  all i 'm saying is that actions have consequences , most of which are n't realized until much later . 
  american intervention exacerbated problems after ww1 , not solved them . 
  i could say the same about most of the conflicts the us has been involved in for the past 30 years . 
  i 'm not sure why you bring up korea : that was a un operation , and was n't unilaterally the us . 
  it 's also not entirely clear what would have happened had the south been absorbed . 
  part of what keeps kim in power is the constant drumbeat of war against the us . 
  but anyway , i think the main issue is that we have fundamentally different ideas of what a military should be . 
  i think a military is used to defend your country . 
  if i am not willing to sign myself ( or my children up ) for the cause , i do n't think we should be involved , and i 'm not signing up unless someone is actually invading . 
  you seem to subscribe the `` global force for good '' model , which i do n't agree with at all . 
  yes , you can always find cases of a bigger country bullying a smaller one , and sometimes it 's tragic , but in the long run it makes you entangled in other people 's problems , and you wo n't look like the good guy . 
  i would say the vast majority of the eu subscribes to the first , and not the second model , which would realistically mean any unified eu military would almost certainly be completely defensive . 
  yes , that 's true , but america still backed them up with their freshly-recruited military . 
  that 's why france/britain felt like they could impose whatever they wanted . 
  unfortunately , wilson let them do this because he felt that it did n't matter as long as he got everyone into the league of nations in the end . 
  if the us had n't of been involved , it 's much more likely that some kind of negotiated settlement ( which is what germany agreed to in the first place ) would have occurred since both sides were exhausted . 
  you 'll notice that once america announced it was entering the war , germany quickly tried several desperate offenses to try to wrap up the war in their favor before americans started to come in . 
  obviously , that did n't work . 
  this is n't necessarily a crazy idea . 
  parents really should let their kid 's immune systems try to handle more by not sterilizing everything . 
  kids need to get sick . 
  the key is not to do it with a debilitating/lethal disease . 
  it probably depends on where you live . 
  in indiana , it 's usually extremely-religious protestants , or extreme libertarians . 
  it 's not an exclusively left or right problem . 
  the one `` unifying '' theme i seem to notice is the general attitude that the body has to be `` pure '' and putting anything that is n't 100 % natural into it makes it impure . 
  that 's just my observation , though .
