it 's completely true that the eastern countries desired to get into nato very much . 
  there was actually a [ very good documentary ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2787394/?ref_=nm_flmg_slf_1 ) made about that interviewed the policymakers of the day in poland . 
  i ca n't find a copy of it online , unfortunately , but here 's the gist from what i remember : 1 . 
  after the soviet union fell apart , the us was seriously considering ending nato as its purpose seemed moot . 
  this terrified the eastern nations who saw nato as the only guarantee of security , and they lobbied extremely hard to repurpose nato and join it . 
  the timing of all of this was such that they were able to get ( though various means ) yeltsin to agree publicly and in writing that russia is ok with them joining nato , even though they were n't . 
  russia 's elite was and is still very sore about this , and at the end the russian policymaker ominously said that there will be a price for doing this ( this was made in 2011 ) . 
   china , for instance , is and independent country who clearly do n't need no sphere of influence . 
  that is false , btw . 
  china is very defensive of what it considers its sphere of influence . 
  it 's why china is so protective of its borders and economic zones . 
  it 's why north korea is still around : china props up the regime so the us ca n't get a foothold so close to it 's border . 
  it still inflames resentment of japan whenever possible . 
  now the key difference between china and the soviet union is that china so far has not shown any interest in playing political games outside of areas that border it . 
  they do not do excursions in south america to destabilize governments and other shit like that . 
  but do n't mistake that as a lack of desire to have a sphere of influence , because they very much have one . 
  edit : i just also wanted to add that china 's enforcement of its sphere is also much less blunt than the ussrs ever was . 
  vietnam ( traditionally antagonistic toward china ) does n't have to worry about china invading , for example . 
  the only real border conflict is with india and taiwan ( and i guess tibet depending on how you see it ) . 
   this mindset of course implies that the almost all of mankind has no agency ( except the elites and the conspiracy theorist who ` sees the world as it truly is ' ) and that they are being puppeteered . 
  you just described leninism right here . 
  to scare away people who are getting married just to get a green card ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't know how well it works to actually catch people doing this . 
  [ here 's more information ] ( http://www.immihelp.com/greencard/familybasedimmigration/marriage-based-greencard-fraud-interview.html ) it sounds awful , but to be fair , i know two people who have gone through this ( and were legitimately married ) , and they did n't have any problem getting their cards . 
  i imagine you would have to have screwed up pretty bad with your paperwork or answers to get it rejected . 
  if your goal is to prevent sham marriages for resident visas , there 's not much else you can do . 
  it 's very hard to prove intent without a lot of personal information from the couple . 
  to be fair , all the people i 've known to go through this have said that other than making you uncomfortable with the questions , it 's not difficult to pass if you are n't lying . 
  it 's when you try to get something past them and they catch you that you are entirely screwed . 
  not sure how it works in the eu , but in the us , you are regularly interrogated during your green card application if you are applying through marriage . 
  they will ask about the other person 's daily routine , where they met , ask for pictures from vacations , etc. 
  they will ask intensely personal questions and will try to find flaws in your story and show that you are lying . 
  if your stories do n't line up , then you are not granted your green card . 
  i 've been told it 's harrowing , but if you are legitimately married then it 's not a problem to pass their tests . 
  this situation described in this article would get laughed out of the office so fast that the bride would n't even have time to pack her bags before she would be deported . 
  wait , there was 1848 , and post-ww2 communism ? 
  do you mean 1956 ? 
   since you 're rich enough you can exploit her misery and pay her to have exclusive rights over the child . 
  i 'm really failing to see the problem here . 
  it 's not like they did n't agree to this ahead of time . 
  are you saying that surrogate women are unable to make decisions for themselves , or that it is n't their body to what they want with ? 
  fyi , this is already standard practice . 
  it 's not typical to implant more than 2 embryos . 
  this is response to the technique getting good enough that multiple births ( especially of quintuplets and more ) were becoming more common and it was no longer needed to implant 6 or more embryos . 
  it 's also extremely unlikely that a couple who could afford a surrogacy pregnancy can only afford one child , unless we 're talking about government subsidized surrogacy . 
  it 's extremely expensive to do . 
  i am by far the least qualified person to ask about psychology or psychiatry . 
  you really should talk to someone who is qualified in person . 
  none of these reforms can happen because then nationalist movements will start popping up ( not to mention the ruling class loses out too ) . 
  the only way this can happen is if the state runs out of money , which until the day that we do n't need gas , is a long way away . 
   nobody wants to be tied to a broken state . 
  come on , that 's a bit hyperbolic . 
  i would n't say that 's broken , but instead it 's operating on a medieval model of governance . 
  at some point this will change , but i doubt the state itself will disappear . 
  russia has survived worse events . 
   when you say european style do you mean like the name order ( given name followed by surname , in comparison the surname followed by given name ) ? 
  or do you just mean changing your given name to a european name ? 
  you 're welcome to it , but you definitely should not feel obligated to change anything . 
  in this case , sounds like he 'd be [ just fine in hungary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_language#name_order ), 
   can i overcome this problem while getting along with europeans or should i learn how to deal with people in korea first by overcoming 30-40 's japanese military culture and confucianism ? 
  it sounds to me like you need a therapist to help you with your personal issues , which may or may not be available in korea ( i really have no idea ) . 
  that seems like a separate issue compared to integrating into society , but it also seems like a lot to deal with all at the same time ( dealing with personal problems , being alone while adapting to a foreign land and way of doing things , while trying to find work or go to school ) . 
  i would say as long as you are n't causing trouble and you are working , it 's not going to cause any problems at all , but i admittedly have no personal experience in this kind of matter . 
   many co-workers make me wonder . 
  they keep saying `` europeans will gun you because you are ( ugly ) korean guy . 
  they despise us . 
  haha , this does n't sound like anything i 've ever heard of . 
  in my experience , no one cares about asians . 
  by that i mean : they learn the language , they work hard , they contribute to society , they integrate , etc. 
  there 's just nothing to stand out to hate . 
  you might get some really small racist minority , but those are in every country , and they are just talk anyway . 
   lastly , i do know this is very silly questiom but are there any ways to look more western via plastic surgery or makeup ? 
  please do n't do that unless you are doing it for the right reasons . 
  you should only do something like that if it 's a self-esteem or self-image problem , not as some misguided attempt at integrating . 
  it 's really not necessary . 
  not likely anymore than they get right now . 
  people are n't avoiding sneaking over the border because they do n't have a visa . 
  this will benefit the upper and ruling class as it will make visiting russia easier . 
  it 's really more symbolic than anything . 
  am i missing something ? 
  your description did n't match the video at all , unless i 'm reading something wrong . 
  ugh , gingrich is one of those politicians that fits the mold of a slimeball . 
  i do n't think he has any single principle in life other than do what benefits himself and fuck everyone else . 
  fuck , i hate that guy . 
  i 've always thought [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrcwbffrpny ) was a particularly wicked burn . 
  too bad it was for a vice presidential debate which does n't matter at all . 
  he still became vice president . 
  for those not aware : the young guy is former vice president dan quayle ( with bush sr. ) when they were running in 1988 . 
  before and especially after this debate , he was religiously mocked for being young and inexperienced , and for saying [ incredibly idiotic statements ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayjvfd5wrhe ) . 
  snl ( a comedy show that frequently does political satire ) would only cast children to play him in sketches . 
  he 's also well-known for mis-spelling `` potato '' during a visit to a grade school when he was vice president . 
  he disappeared from politics completely after his term . 
  i do n't consider myself a monarchist , but if a-h were still somehow around , otto von hapsburg would have been one of the great monarches of our age , in the same league ( or better ) than queen elizabeth ii . 
  now that would have been interesting . 
  otto von hapsburg was one of the major forces behind the idea and implementation of schengen . 
  it was essentially his life project . 
  ( not saying that there were n't others involved , but i believe otto was the main proponent for it , especially early on ), 
  well , that , and a planned economy is by definition an inefficient and wasteful one . 
  i recall there was an internal report commissioned by the gdr in the 80s that measured and compared worker productivity .
