  so i would hesitate to say that the fatality rate will be zero , but it certainly looks like it would be much lower than it is currently . 
  edit : just added a comment or two . 
  there was some talk about this on the freakonomics podcast . 
  so far , i think the testing has shown them to be incredibly safe . 
  it does n't look like any company is confident enough to accept this liability right now ( which is understandable given how new the technology is ) . 
  it will take years of data collection and bug fixing after the cars are publicly available before any headway can be made in that area . 
  i 'd be willing to pay quite a large premium for a safer traveling car that i can also do other things like work , watch a movie or just sleep while it 's driving . 
  like , thousands of $ $ $ . 
  if you can do work in your car , the gain in productivity will easily make up for the cost . 
  personally , i 'd love to be able to get into my car , tell it to drive to my favorite destination 8 hours away and then go sleep . 
  wake up and you 're already there . 
  that 's a whole day of productivity or leisure gained . 
  edit : words, 
   as for the second point , i know , it is what it is , but if , for example , the climate goes really bad and a migration wave is triggered , you 'll soon have shooting at the borders , and then big players start to smell blood , and , well , you know , things can happen . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  those are definitely problems . 
  but the age of giant powers like russia or turkey coming in and taking land or resources is over ( unless the eu/nato break apart , then i do n't know ) . 
  it will cost them much more than they would gain . 
   i was merely piqued that everybody 's like hey , europe is a mighty island fortress , let 's not care what 's happening around the world . 
  agreed . 
  it 's not in a great location . 
  this is why i think the eu is so important now . 
  i especially think a nato without the us would be better . 
  the us is pretty well defended mostly thanks to two large oceans . 
  whatever adventures the us drags nato into are not to the benefit of europe , and could cause problems later on . 
   so , how have you functioned as a country before . 
  you have had this since the 18th century , what has changed now ? 
  not terribly well . 
  nothing has really changed from the 18th century other than the federal government has all the money and power , whereas about 100 years ago , that power was still in the states . 
  at least with a mismanaged state , it was possible to easily move to another . 
  no such luck now . 
  the only good thing i can say about this election system is that far left or right parties are left disenfranchised . 
  radical , disruptive change does n't happen . 
  status quo wins at the end of the day . 
  the military adventurism will indeed come to an end at some point , simply because it 's not fiscally possible to continue to do so for long . 
  at some point the cost or blowback will be high enough that the average american will need to choose either a smaller military or higher taxes , and historically in other countries , the military has always lost . 
  but until the day of fiscal reckoning happens , the political system is not going to change anything . 
   so , you keep your military spendings because you want to . 
  i would say this in a more nuanced way : the military spending stays because most people do n't think it 's an important voting criteria compared to other things that they care about when they vote . 
  the ones who do think it 's a top voting criteria are the ones who generally support the military . 
  this is why you need not only a large majority of people who agree on this , but you need them to care enough that they are willing to vote for a politician supporting that position even if they disagree with the rest of their positions . 
  that 's just not going to happen without a financial problem that can only be solved by reducing the military . 
  i know this because the anti-war movement has been trying to get the military shrunk for 50 years , with no noticeable impact . 
  what are describing is not as easy as you claim with our political system . 
  let me explain it this way : the way the electoral system is set up creates a situation where there can only be two major parties . 
  this causes both parties to adopt essentially identical centrist political platforms with minor differences between them . 
  couple this with the lobbied interests who want to keep the status quo ( and who pay the politicians to vote their way ) , and you have politicians who run for office who disagree on very little of substance . 
  anyone who deviates far from that , for the most part , is marginalized and made a pariah . 
  third parties have zero power to get elected in anything of substance . 
  it 's extremely difficult to overturn a bipartisan consensus through elections without a large majority . 
  this is why despite pot legalization having greater than 50 % support in public polling , very few politicians have come forward to push legalization except for areas where the public consensus is extremely high . 
  they do n't have anything to gain from it otherwise . 
  cutting military adventurism is difficult because anyone who advocates it is painted as someone who wants america to be invaded ( a ridiculous notion , but it does work to get people to the polls ) , and there are lots of people and companies whose livelihoods are tied to it , and they wo n't willingly let it go . 
  it took the ottomans 200 years of almost constant fighting to get to vienna from the balkans . 
  even if vienna would have fallen , there was just no way they would have been able to conquer much further . 
  the rest of the continent were already developing their overseas empires at this time and the ottomans were starting to have problems administering their own from their overextension . 
  hell , spain could have just outright paid the ottomans to leave them alone since they were pulling in so much money from the new world . 
  and let 's say by some string of miracles that the ottomans quickly conquered much of the continent : while that posed an existential threat to the political order of europe , the ottomans just were n't interested in culturally assimilating their possessions . 
  they would have quickly realized that administering the continent would be too much trouble for what they are paying and would 've began their retreat shortly afterwards . 
  there was no strategic advantage in holding land further inland for their empire . 
  as for today , i do n't mean to trivialize the threats posed ( because some are definitely serious ) , but other than a nuclear or terrorist attack , they are n't of the same nature as previous centuries . 
  as long as europe remains integrated into an eu and nato-type entity ( even without the us , nato still has two nuclear powers ) , it 's just not worth the cost for anyone to invade . 
  the great powers have moved from physical to economic warfare and influence to get their way , and that 's just fine by me . 
  you are correct . 
  i just did n't feel like writing it all out . 
  it was n't ghengis khan , btw , but another one . 
  if the khan would n't have died , the mongols would have easily overrun the continent . 
  just to add , i think even the ottoman empire was not really an existential threat . 
  they were well-known for operating similar to the roman empire in that as long as you paid taxes , your region was generally left to run itself . 
  ottomans controlled the balkans for hundreds of years and very little of that population converted to islam or adopted much ottoman culture . 
  even if all of europe were somehow conquered by the ottomans ( and there was no way this would have been possible ) , it would have soon been found to be too much trouble to administer for very little gain and the ottoman 's would have probably left it anyway . 
  personally , i think the last existential threats to europe was the muslim conquest of the iberian peninsula and the mongol invasion . 
  if both of them had not been checked , europe could have been quite easily overrun and would look radically different today . 
  just as a clarification , i 'd like to mention that foreign aid ! = military . 
  you can be against foreign aid but pro-military intervention and vice versa . 
  foreign aid is immensely unpopular with conservatives right now , so they are likely the ones overstating it 's financial impact . 
  either way , the foreign aid money is separate from the military money so you ca n't tell anything about one from the other ( ie : japan receives lots of military help , but likely very little foreign aid from the us ) . 
  i do n't think you 're going to find much stigma against tourists in the capital cities . 
  every capital city is full of foreign workers and tourists . 
  as long as you are n't a loudmouthed jerk and are n't insulting them , no one is going to care . 
  this is really easy to say from the comforts of a european country , just saying . 
  i ca n't really fault seekers trying to come to the eu if their life is legitimately in danger . 
  it 'd be nice if the us could take some of the pressure off and take in some refugees since they are better equipped to handle them . 
  the eu should also do more to try to stabilize the region as well . 
  the way i remember is that vermont looks like a v. 
  i think you 'd find that most americans do n't know all the states . 
  new england is especially confusing for someone not from there . 
  i do n't really think knowing the locations of arbitrary political subdivisions in a country is an important thing to learn . 
  this is certainly true ( must be a touchy subject with all these downvotes ) . 
  as for how much money is lost in the corruption , i am not qualified to say . 
  either way , i think these deals benefit the eu as a whole . 
  the eu does n't need to pay for expensive infrastructure , the eastern countries get better economies and employment opportunities ( so potentially fewer migrants ) , and the western countries get better access to chinese goods and markets without lifting a finger . 
  sounds like a fantastic deal to me . 
  i just think that the western countries are upset that they are n't taking the lead on something for once . 
  i 'm not sure i see a problem here . 
  china historically does n't care about playing political games outside of its sphere of influence , so this whole `` divide and conquer '' theory is laughable on its face . 
  it just sounds like the western nations are mad that they are n't getting in on the action . 
  hmmm ... 
  i guess i misread or misremember something i read earlier . 
  probably something like [ this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2189558/julian-assange-fiasco-six-ways-spring-troublesome-fugitive-like-assange-embassy.html ) article that says a country can stop a diplomatic bag if it does n't match what they are saying it is .
