  even the orange revolution failed to achieve anything of substance because of it . 
  it was impossible to get any kind of consensus . 
   i 'd imagine putin 's much happier with permanent control over crimea than the precarious hold over ukraine 's president . 
  i think he outsmarted himself here . 
  i think he wanted crimea to be a message similar to what happened to georgia or moldova : do not get too cozy to the west or you will pay for it . 
  the problem now is that he seriously hurt the russian opposition in ukraine by not only radicalizing the ukrainians , but eliminating a decent size of the russian electorate . 
  [ does n't it also depend where you are ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  it will always be more expensive . 
  even russia has publicly implied that they can match any price that the us gives . 
  ignoring this , europe is building lng terminals , but they wo n't be online until after 2020 for the most part . 
  increased us supply of ng just means that former imports are now directed elsewhere . 
  it also does n't eliminate the problem completely : eastern europe uses a lot of gas , and will still remain dependent on russia , but the increase in ng supply means that russia can not arbitrarily set prices . 
  i found a [ great report ] ( http://energypolicy.columbia.edu/sites/default/files/energy/cgep_american%20gas%20to%20the%20rescue%3f.pdf ) with lots more detail . 
  it will still require a lot of money to do a full conversion in eastern europe , where the effects of russian control of gas are still hard felt . 
  most of the infrastructure is still built around natural gas for heating and cooking . 
  i do n't think so . 
  things would have to get unbelievably bad before there is a rebellion on a large scale , at least for the next couple of decades . 
  the population remembers quite well what kind of standard of living instability brings . 
  i think most are willing to deal with the cuts if it means things are still stable . 
  the main difference between north korea and ussr in this respect is the following : 1 . 
  north korea is essentially a protected state by china . 
  they can afford to be behind technologically because their benefactor is n't economically constrained by a backwards economic system . 
  north korea also has zero problem with killing/imprisoning/starving half of the population . 
  they do not care what the world thinks about them . 
  the ussr had to at least pay lip service to international pressure because doing otherwise damaged their credibility when to came to the benefits of their economic system . 
  it also did n't help that their main source of hard currency for outside trade , oil , crashed in price at the worst possible time for them . 
  it 's because it would unnecessarily antagonize russia for little gain . 
  they share a huge border and do quite a bit of trade . 
  there 's no reason to join nato unless russia starts to make motions against them directly . 
  and also because i think many finns would have trouble placing their country 's destiny in the hands of foreign countries . 
  they could be a part of nato and the rest of the allies just decide that it is n't worth fighting over finland and break the treaty when the moment of truth comes . 
  yes , it 's unlikely , but that 's the attitude that you have to fight against . 
  the baltics are also just as skeptical that nato will aid them if russia invades . 
  basically the same as swiss strategy , no ? 
  i look at it as maybe the universe just wanted you to be able to run really fast . 
  it 's ironic that they consider hungary to have started ww1 , when it was the country in the old monarchy that tried the hardest to prevent it . 
   but i guess i do n't really have a problem with it , i just hope their future children will fully accept their home . 
  they will . 
  that generation is just caught between two worlds . 
   they will insult germany and the german people while calling themselves a `` proud bosnian '' or whatever . 
  those are the people i would like to kick out . 
  yeah , those guys are assholes . 
  luckily even they get integrated eventually , it just might take a little longer . 
   here in germany people still call themselves `` turks '' , `` russians '' , `` italians '' and so on even though they were born in germany , speak perfect german and live like any other ethnic german . 
  i do n't get it . 
  this is normal . 
  it 's really nothing to be worried about as long as they are n't causing trouble . 
  it 's part of their identity because they do n't have any familial history in their birth country so they do n't really see the older history as theirs . 
  it takes a generation or two before that starts to disappear . 
  source : this works almost exactly the same way in the us . 
  i identity myself the same way and part of the reason why i frequent this sub . 
  that would made things a lot more interesting . 
  japan and south korea are ethnically homogenous . 
  this would tend to back up his claim that you can easily have freedom and peace if you do n't have multi-ethnic communities . 
  it 's because with other neighboring nationalities or minorities , there is history that adds an unwelcome connotation to the jokes . 
  this does n't exist with scotland . 
  most are jewish jokes for the most part , just with scots simply being substituted in . 
  it 's a polandball joke . 
  the capacity factor numbers are calculated from the known output and installed capacities . 
  this is measured data , not some weird calculation . 
  if you read the report , it says as much . 
  i did n't say it to be contrarian , i said it because the headline , and indeed the article itself says that tilos is `` autonomous in regards to energy '' . 
  gasoline is energy . 
  unless they are pumping out and refining their own , that is completely false . 
  i should 've worded it differently , i suppose . 
  as far as i know , wave energy is still untested on a large scale , and it 's also more expensive than conventional renewables . 
  no one is completely green until they have electric cars . 
  they are still importing and burning oil . 
  if only they would have accepted this back then , then the whole war could have been averted :p, 
  i 'm not sure it 's the best idea to take the world cup from russia , and perhaps qatar as well . 
  for russia just because there 's no way anyone else can prepare for it in time . 
  i suppose it 's possible we could hold it in brazil again , but meh . 
  \u00bf que ? 
  i keep hearing this thrown around as an option , but i still do n't understand why it 's necessary . 
  just using an example i 'm familiar with : the us federal government managed monetary policy and the currency . 
  the individual states do not , but are able to sell bonds independently and go into debt . 
  there is no fiscal union , yet states going bankrupt is almost unheard of . 
  i just do n't see how the eu is any different in this regard . 
  am i missing something ? 
   you make unsavory deals to win a war , and then you neutralize the remnants of those unsavory elements later on - preferably politically , but militarily if need be - that was the key lesson in afghanistan and its a lesson that too many people seem to forget , war does n't end when the shooting stops . 
  even if this were to work in libya ( which i 'm extremely doubtful of , but let 's imagine for a moment that it 's true ) , what makes you think that we would have been able to pull it off ? 
  there is very little political desire to get mired in the middle east again . 
  it 's a losing suggestion from the beginning . 
   do you want to negotiate with another gaddafi-like figure ? 
  because that is exactly how you end up trying to `` negotiate '' with a madman whose sadism is matched only by his unpredictability . 
  not particularly , but you have to remember that these are all artificial borders created for the convenience of colonial powers . 
  there are all sorts of competing interests there that easily boil over to a civil war if they are not repressed . 
  this is why most middle eastern/african countries end up being some kind of authoritarian government with a strongman at the top . 
  that 's the only way to hold the place together . 
  to think that you can suddenly introduce democracy into this kind of atmosphere and everything is going to be just fine because you kill the right people is the height of naivety . 
  and you can call gaddafi many things , but `` unpredictable '' was n't really one of them . 
  libya was stable during his regime . 
  it 's also why it 's incorrect to call a lot of dictators like that `` madmen '' . 
  unless you 're a monarch , you do n't become the head of state by being stupid or certifiably crazy . 
  anyway , to get back to the main point : you negotiate with who is in power , not who you think you should be in power . 
  otherwise we would n't talk to over half of the world 's countries ( nor would we be allies with countries like saudi arabia ) . 
   intervention in overwhelming force , killing the islamist rivals of the government , and then exiting and letting the libyan government take over would solve a lot of problems . 
  i 'm going to seriously doubt it will work that way . 
  one of the lessons we are continually learning in the middle east now is that more intervention does not yield the results we want .
