  english has lots of loan words from everywhere else . 
  so does hungarian . 
  it 's the cost of talking to your neighbors . 
  the elephant in the room here is that doing this would drastically change the ethnic makeup and cultural characteristics of many countries almost overnight . 
  you would have millions coming in simultaneously , with no immediate infrastructure to support them . 
  many of them do not have needed skills and they would require a large investment to get them to work in the modern economy , which many would argue could be better spent helping unemployed that are already there , or developing the migrant 's home economies . 
  and if they do not work or are causing trouble , can they be deported ? 
  the author does n't say . 
  the author 's solution is simple because the author does n't have to live with the consequences ( i 'm presuming he 's american ) . 
  it 's very difficult to absorb that large number of people . 
  there are countries that took on refugees decades ago and still have trouble integrating them today . 
  it 's a non-starter of a solution , because the author is only looking at one set of consequences with rose-tinted glasses and ignoring everything else . 
  personally , i think the best solution is trying to diplomatically clamp down on many of the migrant countries to get rid of much of the corruption and try to reduce some of the pressures that the population has to deal with . 
  in other words : make the benefits of migration less appealing by making their side better . 
  edit : oh , and probably some kind of guest worker program . 
  i 'm sure something like this already exists though . 
  russia also takes responsibility for the waste generated . 
  hungary does n't have to worry about storing it or anything . 
  i do n't believe other reactor suppliers were willing to do this , although maybe i 'm wrong here . 
  oil companies are not our friend when it comes to trying to make them environmentally responsible ( in as much as you can make fossil fuels environmentally responsible , which is to say , not much ) . 
  the best thing to do is leapfrog them entirely . 
  this is why it 's important to throw some money at ev charging infrastructure , and to encourage development of cheaper li-ion battery technology and ev cars . 
  both of these are making good progress right now , and the car makers seem to have accepted that ev is in their best interest . 
  once ev is properly marketable to the public , i suspect the switchover will be fairly quick . 
  well , previous to reagan , all us presidents had policies of containment , and later , grudgingly living with each other . 
  the soviet state was just a reality that they lived with . 
  reagan was the first major political leader i know of that was saying ( in the 70s/80s , no less ) : `` the ussr 's economy is barely staying afloat . 
  and this empire they are holding on to is a huge burden . 
  and look , they 're spending a ton of money trying to maintain military parity with us too . 
  this country is doomed in its current form . '', 
  he also did advance a lot of military spending to keep the soviets spending money on projects that would n't help their economy . 
  i would n't attribute the fall of the ussr to reagan though . 
  he was a factor , but not a cause . 
  it was really the collapse of oil prices in the 80s that brought the end . 
  high prices were the only thing keeping things running , and everything came to a grinding halt once those came down ( just as with modern russia , really ) . 
   the mainstream explanation seem to be a lack of economic reform although the nature and success of the soviet economy is also disputed . 
  i think it 's a fair assessment . 
  there were economists even back in the 20s-30s who said that the soviet command economy was not viable for a long period of time because of the distortions it caused . 
  for short terms , a command economy can work to completely reorient a country or accomplish a goal in a short period of time . 
  this is why i think many consider stalin 's transformation of the ussr from a backwards agrarian state to a industrial powerhouse in the span of about 20 years to be a success of the command economy . 
  the problem is that a command economy by nature can not innovate , and you need that to survive . 
  oops , you 're right . 
  but i believe that gas is still much less cost effective than coal in germany . 
  this was true in the us too until very recently with the fracking boom . 
  now gas is very competitive with coal . 
   that is actually accounted for . 
  you appear to be correct . 
  i retract what i said earlier . 
   for the purposes of climate change , it 's total energy that is important , not electrical though . 
  well , yes and no . 
  i agree that co2 emissions are related to more than just electricity generation , but it 's also important because renewable electric power is the best way out of this mess . 
  take myself for example . 
  the electricity where i live is overwhelmingly from coal-fired plants . 
  electricity is the worst thing for me to use . 
  so my home is heated with gas . 
  switching to an electric car would only be marginally better than the gasoline one i drive now . 
  but once enough of my grid is renewable , pushing everyone into electric can be a winning proposition . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is that renewable electricity generation is the most straightforward , lowest-hanging fruit right now that can make a sizable impact , and is a necessary first step for what has to come later . 
  it 's simultaneously one of the most difficult because of the necessary infrastructure improvements for the grid , and the political pushback involved with leaving fossil fuels . 
  once this part is done , the rest should be easier , i think . 
   using electrical only numbers makes renewables seem far more succesfull than they actually are . 
  that 's fair . 
  but really , renewables are making much better progress than even advocates expected . 
  solar is growing at least 20 % / year , wind about 15 % / year . 
  eliminating subsidies right now will only dampen growth a bit , not stop it . 
  for two technologies that were extremely impractical and inexpensive just 15 years ago , that 's impressive . 
  if energy storage can get cheap enough , that growth can be maintained for quite a while . 
  i do n't care for the republicans either , but unfortunately they have to pay lip service to their crazy constituency to get nominated . 
  this is why they say stupid things . 
  however , that constituency is usually ignored once the election is over , if it makes you feel better . 
   any prediction of its fall has a `` nostradamus '' quality to it though . 
  sure . 
  no prediction is ever definite . 
  however , reagan 's ( and others ) general reasoning behind the fall of the ussr did appear to be correct . 
  i would argue that these predictions did not required a detailed , in-depth analysis of the entire soviet system ; just some basic understanding of the economy and power structure ( both of which were readily available from defectors ) . 
  i think having too much detail of the system actually clouded sovietologists vision to where they could n't see the end . 
   if we adopt a narrative of decline in , say , sovietology and study it in the light of its eventual demise then we become determinists . 
  a fair point . 
  while i think that soviet system as it existed was doomed ( for reasons i discussed earlier ) , i also think that if it were reformed earlier when the situation was n't so desperate things could have turned out much more differently . 
  whether this would have been from an adoption of some form of capitalism , or leaving europe earlier , i do n't know . 
  if you 're lucky , you could win a free trip to many of these places , like [ this family ] ( https://youtu.be/iwlkilxbghg ), 
  they could , but i would n't bet on it . 
  a coal plant does not handle fast swings in demand , which is an inevitable consequence of renewables . 
  it 's going to increase the cost of coal much more than gas . 
  but let 's even go beyond that ... you wo n't believe me , but the vast majority of republicans are supportive of renewables when it comes to policy . 
  bush almost single-handedly kicked off wind power in texas when he was governor and instituted the first state renewable portfolio standard . 
  also , take a quick look at who was in power when the first solar tax credit and wind production tax credits were passed into law . 
  i 'll save you the trouble : solar tax credit was under bush with republican controlled congress , production tax credit was initially under bush sr. , and lapsed under clinton , and not implemented again until bush and renewed several times with republicans controlling both houses . 
  also , where are the best wind and solar resources in the us ? 
  let me name a couple of the biggest : texas , kansas , oklahoma , arizona , iowa , north and south dakota , etc. 
  not exactly liberal states , are they ? 
  the geography of the situation works out in favor the republicans more than anyone else . 
  it 's also historically very abnormal for an incoming president to reverse a major policy decision of a previous one , even when there is a clear mandate to do so . 
  obama has n't done much to reverse many bush-era powers , nor had bush reversed many of clinton 's , and on and on . 
  i just do n't see a reversal of policy here as likely . 
  it also helps that renewables are just not a divisive issue . 
  polling has shown that most republicans support renewable projects . 
  some of the biggest supporters of solar are crazy tea-party activists , if you can believe that . 
  sorry for the wall of text , but it required a bit of explanation . 
  just saw your edit .
