  hitchhiking disappeared because in the 70s there were a few extremely well-publicized murders committed by hitchhikers . 
  motorists just decided that it was n't worth the risk and stopped doing it even though the risk was vastly overstated . 
  now now , you two ; as far as i 'm concerned , you 're * both * clog-wearing herring eaters . 
  now kiss . 
  this would be the most interesting reboot of tetris ever . 
  these all look great . 
  is there a way to find these streaming somewhere after they 're out ? 
  i 'd prefer to watch these legally if possible . 
   it 's like `` the wire '' , but in denmark instead of baltimore and with clean energy instead of drug trafficking . 
  jesus christ , scandanavia . 
  is it possible to stereotypes yourselves any more blatantly ? 
  is everyone wearing clogs and eating herring too ? 
  it 's almost as if being an asshole in public is correlated to being an asshole in personal affairs . 
  who would have thought ? 
  because tito was n't a bloodthirsty asshole . 
  when the central tenet of a political theory is that all power must be handled by only a select few at the top , the type of government you get out of it is going to reflect those few . 
  at the end of the day , you still need to supply your submarines even if they are nuclear powered . 
  this drastically limits what the submarines are able to accomplish in a military setting . 
  obviously they still have nukes , but they are not going to launch those unless they want to destroy themselves as well . 
   to be fair , they all hold either dual citizenship or just the foreign citizenship . 
  but you do n't know that unless they actually tell you this . 
  my point was that they are not really accepted by a segment of the population just because of their origins or because they do things slightly differently . 
  just to name one example : even though there are now 2nd or 3rd generation turks in germany , many still do not feel integrated enough to call themselves german because they are not accepted by some . 
  not all of that can be put at the immigrant 's feet . 
  some compromise has to come from the society as well . 
  yep , wahhabism is definitely one of the worst . 
  it 's not just in europe , it 's everywhere . 
  pakistan is getting heavily influenced by this . 
  to me , it just adds another reason to switch off of oil as quickly as possible . 
  a lot of the `` free money '' that 's being thrown around for this will suddenly disappear . 
  well there goes my vacation . 
  it 's a lot more nuanced than that . 
   it 's actually funny you should pick the 12th century as that was actually a time of renaissance in much of europe . 
  the renaissance in europe has typically been attributed to the 14th century and not before . 
   i 'd hazard that at 1100 byzantium would have been the center of western learning followed by alexandria fair enough . 
  but during this time , this would have little effect on education/art/culture back in rome and the rest of the europe . 
  that would take a while longer . 
  anyway , my point was that the catholic church , while keeping educational institutions running and being the only large-scale organization with structure in europe , they were stuck in a completely different mode of thinking and did not appreciate what they had . 
  they did n't care about destroying old books about greek mythology , for example , because it did fit their ideology at the time . 
  much of this knowledge would have to return from the middle east and byzantium . 
  probably , but there is no credible way that he could help argentina take without a huge outlay in naval spending for both parties . 
  even then as soon as the us gets involved it 's all over . 
  all the conflicts they have their hands in are very close . 
  out of the baltics and mediterranean , their projective power disappears . 
  they do n't even have good control of the pacific compared to china and the us . 
  their best ally for a base is cuba , and even then the thawing relations with the us will put an end to that idea . 
  the russian navy has never been a serious international force , even during soviet times . 
  other than nuclear-armed submarines ( which for obvious reasons would never be used ) , their navy is poorly-equipped to project power outside of their immediate vicinity . 
  they do n't have any remotely-located naval bases for supply and no friendly countries with a sizable navy to offer an alliance . 
  you are correct that this is just a symbolic move . 
  i agree . 
  it 's healthy to some extent but it 's dangerous when it gets to this point . 
  even parents of these radicals are caught off guard . 
  it 's a cultural problem and unfortunately i do n't think either side is equipped to fix it on their own . 
  like it or not , many in europe ( a minority i 'm sure ) view many immigrants with suspicion or contempt . 
  even if they are well-integrated or were born there , they are still judged first as a foreigner rather than as a citizen of whatever country they were raised in . 
  on the other side , many young people need a historical anchor for their identity , and radical islam is perfectly marketed to their anxiety , and their community has n't been doing a good job in trying to fix this , and it does n't help that saudi money funds many radical movements . 
  it also does n't help that many live in balkanized community `` bubbles '' in various towns so there is n't good mixing between the different cultures . 
  i do n't know what the solution is . 
   the people who went to pakistan returned bringing the version of islam that they were taught in pakistan and they started to spread it as the `` true '' islam . 
  that 's how it seems . 
  this is essentially what has happened . 
  saudi money is notorious for going toward this . 
  what they did was take advantage of a moral power vacuum and market their own morality and traditions to you . 
  the same thing happened in dagestan and chechnya . 
  i do n't know whether it 's too late to stop this stuff , but i fear it 's going to be extremely destabilizing to the area over the coming years . 
  so far ( and maybe someone could correct me ) , european muslims ( that is , bosnians/albanians , not recent immigrants ) have not gone along with it , so that 's good . 
   it was responsible for maintaining the latin and greek corpus through the middle ages just a minor nitpick . 
  this is somewhat true , but the vast majority of old greek-style knowledge during the early middle ages was maintained in the middle east . 
  the church was scrubbing old books and writing over them for religious instruction , after all . 
  if you wanted the best education ( by modern standards ) in the year 1100 , for example , you went to arab/persian lands ( maybe byzantium as well ), 
  that 's not really true though . 
  religion was still a huge part of many countries until very recently . 
  one thing i would agree with though is to say that the religious aspect has become more secular and tolerant over the past few hundred years : christians have n't fought each other over religion for about 400 years now , for example . 
  that brings stability , which is good for business and development . 
  well , it 's them trying to reconnect with their ancestry . 
  i see this all the time . 
  both my parents are immigrants and they made lots of effort to integrate and adopt their host country 's culture . 
  they taught me old cultural stuff as well but did n't really focus on it very much . 
  as far as they were concerned , neither i nor them were ever returning to the old country so it was n't necessary to teach everything . 
  now i 'm the one who trying to bring it all back into my kids so it just does n't die out . 
  i know plenty of other people in a similar situation doing the same . 
  i know one guy who has taken it to where he covered his body in nationalist tattoos that would look a bit extreme even in his ancestral country even though he has never lived there . 
  i can understand in a weird way why many would radicalize , especially in an environment where they are still considered an `` other '' even though they were born and raised in a modern country . 
  so serious question : can this law be legitimately used as a defense if you did this ? 
  or do other laws automatically overrule it but it remains on the books `` just because '' ? 
  no one is saying not to invest in renewables . 
  it 's just that while renewables have a very high rate of growth ( typically 20-30 % / year ) , they are still on beginning end of the growth curve . 
  if all renewables ( except hydro , which is almost tapped out ) were doubled overnight , they would still be a minor contributor to the overall energy budget . 
  it will take another 10 years before this will change . 
  putting renewables in some areas is not cost effective right now because the wind/solar resources are low enough that they ca n't be commercially exploited yet . 
  and this still wo n't change that even if renewables were a huge part of the energy budget , you will still need some kind of fossil fuels to fill in the gaps until energy storage can be figured out . 
  switching to gas from coal can usually be done cheaply and easily and it will instantly reduce emissions by half for that power plant . 
  in the long term , this is also much less expensive ( at least in the case of the us , do n't know about eu ) . 
  now shell obviously has interests in keeping things the way they are , so they should n't be trusted at their word . 
  i have no idea if shell is actually correct here when it comes to the eu because like you said , gas prices and distribution work differently . 
  i 'm just saying that the math behind the idea is sound if implemented properly : it can save money and reduce emissions and still remain compatible with renewables and keep the door open for their use ( which coal can not do ) . 
  i also think nuclear should be relied on more . 
  unfortunately that is more of a political problem than a technical one . 
  ok , someone correct me if i 'm wrong , but the title is a bit misleading .
