  it 's populated by hungarians , though ( at least on the border regions , i do n't think the entire oblast is ), 
  shaka , when the walls fell . 
  obama and the rest of america are fortuitous to have a mighty unstoppable power like albania on their side . 
  otherwise i would be in my backyard building a fallout shelter for fear of what they would do to us . 
  i think this is a bad idea . 
  europe would be better off if the us eventually leaves nato and leaves it as just a european defense power , rather than an expansionist one . 
  europe is getting dragged into american diplomacy too much and it 's going to have costs . 
  have some kind of free trade agreement if need be and leave it at that . 
  unfortunately for you , mongolia and russia are very close diplomatically . 
  mongolia sees russia as liberators and defenders from chinese imperialism , and is very closely allied with moscow . 
  even if this happens , economic blockades and sanctions would be so devastating that the russian economy would be gone . 
  eu is russia 's biggest trading partner . 
  the eu would also have a good case for other countries such as china to join the blockade . 
  now after all that , they 're going to have to fight hard to keep the land , against a collection of enemies that vastly outclass their military . 
  it just wo n't happen . 
  not even someone land-hungry like stalin would be willing to make a huge risk like this over some land . 
   nato was n't supposed to include many of the members near and on its borders that it does now . 
  to be fair , the us actually did n't intend on including the eastern neighbors in nato . 
  it was actually the former warsaw pact members who lobbied pretty hard for it because they knew this was the only opportunity to get in . 
  countries like poland and hungary are very mindful of security due to historical circumstances , and after the soviet union fell apart , they felt very vulnerable . 
  they definitely did n't want to join russia because they just spent 40 years being oppressed by them , and they were n't anywhere near powerful enough to form their own alliance , so nato was the only thing left . 
  so yes , russia does have valid concerns about promises made , but let 's also not forget that the us actually did try to initially keep them . 
  this is why i think it 's extremely unlikely nato would turn its back . 
  nato has way too many former warsaw pact nations that understand how everything works out in the east for them to just ignore it . 
  even if france/uk decided not to do anything , you can be sure that the rest of the eastern bloc will because they know they could be next . 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  it was classic and good diplomacy on russia 's part . 
  it at least prevented any more chemical weapons from being used . 
  it was quite a good move on putin 's part , and it 's those kind of maneuvers that he should be doing , not this annexation crap . 
   you admitted yourself that china is more interested in business and economic benefits than all else yes , i said this . 
   so why would n't it use it 's military and intelligence services to protect it 's investments in south america and africa ? 
  has it ? 
  is there any proof that it has ? 
  has it threatened to do so ? 
   and china has continuously threatened conflict with countries it holds territorial disputes , with chinese military professors and generals advocating `` short , limited & decisive '' wars to seize contested territories . 
  which if you read my first statement : `` china cares very much about its nearest neighbors affairs , and definitely tries to meddle in affairs of japan and such . '', 
  i already said that it has a sphere of influence that it cares about . 
  almost every country does . 
  however , it does n't do anything ( so far , at least ) threatening outside of that sphere . 
  lots of countries such as india and saudi arabia . 
  it 's business . 
  it does n't mean anything unless china starts to threaten or outright annex parts , and i have yet to see anything like that . 
  uhhh ... neither of those has china invading or threatening anyone , not involving itself in the affairs of either of those places , so i 'm not sure what you 're getting at . 
  or are you trying to say that chinese companies investing or working in other countries is the hallmark of a superpower ? 
  because if so , germany is a superpower as well . 
  option 1 is `` join russia '' . 
  option 2 is `` declare independence '' . 
  [ there is no status quo option ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/03/12/crimea-vote-join-russia-ballot-no-option_n_4947557.html ), 
  i 'm not sure which is a worse situation : russia not being a superpower with the population knowing this and trying to become one , or russia not being a superpower and the population thinking it is . 
  i dunno , i do n't really fear a chinese superpower . 
  china cares very much about its nearest neighbors affairs , and definitely tries to meddle in affairs of japan and such . 
  but , they do n't really give two ant shits of countries outside of that sphere . 
  they just want to do business . 
  i would never expect any kind of meddling in , say , south american or african affairs from a chinese superpower . 
  i 've been saying this for a long time . 
  it can not go on like this . 
  it 's not only bad for revenue since , as the article pointed out , once you try to use gas as a means of control , countries will immediately try to find another supply elsewhere . 
  it 's also bad for the long-term health of the russian economy . 
  currently ~ 45 % of russia 's gdp is just from oil and gas . 
  that amount of dependency on a globally traded , volatile product is a disaster waiting to happen . 
  a sudden crash of oil prices will tank the entire economy . 
  what 's worse is that their oligarchical economy is structured in such a way to make any resilience or adaptability almost non-existent , as opposed to other oil-supplying countries such as saudi arabia . 
  there is simply no way to recover from it without almost starting from scratch . 
   there was a vote , and that vote passed . 
  that 's the democratic process and should be respected , but of course only when that is the `` correct '' vote , is n't that right reddit ? 
  you know that the vote did not have any option for crimea to remain in ukraine , right ? 
  it was either `` independence '' or `` join russia '' . 
  there was no `` stay with ukraine '' option . 
  i 'm also going to bet that the election standards were very poor , with lots of voter intimidation . 
  i 'm not saying that crimea would n't have wanted to join anyway ( i do n't really know ) , but to say that this was a fair election is grasping at straws . 
  mention trianon a bunch of times and this could work for hungary as well . 
  i never assigned blame to anyone . 
  not sure where you got that . 
  i actually do want the communities to get along because , well , they do n't really have a choice . 
  damn it , ca n't both communities go back to cooperating on oppressing gypsies ? 
  the software radio is why i mentioned why this will be much less of a problem later on . 
  there 's a lot of neat technology out there to offer dependable tunable filters , but they just are n't there yet in terms of reliability . 
  i see . 
  i did n't know this . 
   if european regulators had n't standardized on those two frequencies , we 'd have 10 different frequencies in europe depending on what each country or each operator in each country could get . 
  yep , no argument there . 
  luckily the handset manufacturers are better at this now . 
  new standards like lte are being standardized internationally before they are rolled out ( except for the frequencies , but this will likely be less of an issue later on ) . 
  you 're not locked to your phone company because of the frequencies . 
  there is cdma ( verizon and sprint + some smaller carriers ) and gsm ( at&t and t-mobile + smaller ) . 
  if you buy a cdma phone at full price from a store , you will not have any trouble switching back and forth between any cdma carrier . 
  the same goes for gsm . 
  you can also use any european phone ( gsm ) over here . 
  most people get their phones on contract , however , so they do n't need to pay full price up front . 
  those phones are locked until your contract is mostly or completely expired . 
  that 's usually what prevents you from switching easily . 
  i came here to ask the exact same thing . 
  so what are the ramifications of just doing the same thing to kaliningrad ? 
  could n't lithuania just stop any transport between russia and the exclave , or are there very serious consequences for that because of the treaty ? 
  ... and some nomads with a weird language thrown in for good measure ? 
  you are correct . 
  the baltics could n't possibly hold off russia for long if they decided to invade for some reason . 
  this is true for almost any country , really . 
  even switzerland knows that it can not hold off someone and their strategy is to abandon the hard to defend areas and go to the mountains while blowing up anything useful . 
  they will just turn the country into a useless mountainous death strip .
