  i ca n't recall all the examples , but the one that stood out to me was that farm workers were only about 1/3 -1 / 2 as productive as west german farmers just because of the lack of technological investment and inefficiencies in the supply chain . 
  well , they have in this instance . 
  they tried playing hardball with turkey about it and all they got for the effort was turkey joining nato . 
  they backed off soon after that . 
  it 's because the treaty regulating transit of the dardanelles and bosporus straights sets limits on the naval firepower and capabilities of the naval ships going through it . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montreux_convention_regarding_the_regime_of_the_straits ), 
  i completely agree . 
  the original writers of the constitution have written they expected a new constitution in 20 or so years , but it just never happened . 
  so far there has n't been any internal pressure to change it , and no external threat has been able to come in and install their own form of government . 
  until there is a total political failure that causes a major economic upheavel or revolution ( it 's extremely unlikely anyone will ever invade ) , it 's just not going anywhere . 
  the last time the current system was threatened in any significant way was the great depression . 
  however , as terrible as it is , there are a few advantages to it . 
  the one off the top of my head is that it disenfranchises anything more than two parties . 
  this makes it almost impossible for an extremist party like a communist or fascist party to gain any representation . 
  there is also no shortage of opportunities for the opposition party to slow down or halt legislation that does n't have clear majority support ( as the republicans are demonstrating now , for better or worse ) . 
  the general population does n't really support it , but there is nothing that can be done . 
  there are only two parties , and they redraw the boundaries every 10 years . 
  there 's a lot of backroom negotiation where they will agree to the crazy borders to suit their own interests ( ie . 
  i get this crazy district here , and i 'll give you a majority district here in exchange ) . 
  some states have laws or independent councils that prevent this from happening , with mixed success . 
  my dad was there !, 
  he was in the hungarian army when it all broke out . 
  he was sent into the city to put it down and he and his friends just threw their guns into the crowd and joined them . 
  he lost a few friends when the soviets came a few days later . 
  he was guarding a building with a machine gun when the tanks were rolling in , and he was suddenly surprised by a russian . 
  had he made just one move , he would 've been killed right there . 
  my dad never thought that he would live to see the country he left as a refugee become free again , much less see the total collapse of the soviet system . 
  there 's a certain smug satisfaction whenever he talks about hungary now , like all his sacrifices 60 years ago made a difference in the lives of his family and friends that he left behind . 
  my dad was in budapest during all of this , and he told me very clearly that radio free europe was saying that help was on the way . 
  i do n't think anyone seriously disputes this . 
  well , i 'd hope ? 
   first of all we must cut down the politicians in the goverment to a third of the current number ok , so we 're giving the people less representation now ? 
  this is better in what way ? 
   if a minister is not doing a good job , it is the prime minister 's fault and he will be fired . 
  in some cases , this may indeed be appropriate . 
   once a year there will be a peoples vote about his doings . 
  is he voted down he will be fired . 
  this is a terrible idea . 
  it will discourage prime ministers and policymakers from making unpopular decisions that are necessary for long term growth or to prevent catastrophic problems . 
  this rule would simply mean that every year , the prime minister will find some way to bribe the population with a `` rebate '' or something similar , even if it 's financially irresponsible . 
   furthermore individual persons are no longer allowed to own more than a hundred million . 
  and this number is based on ... ? 
  and even if this were implemented , so you honestly think someone that rich is just going to sit around and let the state take all their money after that amount ? 
  no , they are going to leave the country and take their capital with them . 
   firms and companies are not allowed more than nine hundred and ninety nine million . 
  same as above . 
   the richer persons have to pay the most taxes . 
  the rich should pay their fair share . 
  most tax regimens are already progressive . 
   so for the poorer people the goverment will be paying a small income and the rent on existing housing will be payed or there will be built decent houses to live in for free . 
  someone needs to pay for this . 
  it is n't `` free '' . 
   there must be state farms that grow vegetables , potatoes , rice and that keep animals for meat . 
  uhhhh ... you know this was tried in the eastern bloc , right ? 
  this does n't work . 
  there are n't shortages of any of these things either , so i 'm not sure what the purpose is . 
   the products are free available in supermarkets where there is also an option for clothing and other needs . 
  again , it 's easy to say free , but these are n't free in any sense of the word . 
  there are significant costs to all of this . 
   everyone is free to contribute what ever they want to society without obligation . 
  ok , so i can just play videogames all day and never leave the house . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  sms szent istvan ii will be only a few years away !, 
  well , that 's not exactly true . 
  the wall fell because gdr politicians had decided that they stood to lose more by keeping it . 
  people were leaving the country in droves through hungary and czechoslovakia , so the purpose of the wall ( to keep people in ) was moot . 
  they decided to let people through it because once people do n't feel trapped , they are less likely to leave . 
  and really , the only reason this even happened at all was because of gorbachev stating that the soviets would not interfere in any other country 's internal developments . 
  you could say that public pressure was what led to the fall , but the actual event itself was approved by the politburo . 
   claimed that the work of cultural cooperation among finno-ugric peoples was bent on creating a finno-ugric super state how do you even respond so stupefyingly idiotic ? 
  do russians actually believe this ? 
   i do n't think knowledge of english leads to better standards of living . 
  you are wrong . 
  a person in a non-english speaking foreign country learning english can expect a 10-20 % wage premium on average over those who do not . 
  [ source ] ( http://freakonomics.com/2014/03/05/is-learning-a-foreign-language-really-worth-it-full-transcript/ )  look at the caribbean where everyone speaks english but the locals are still very poor . 
  because learning english ! = instant success . 
  there are structural , geographic , educational , and other economic issues at play that could hinder growth . 
  they are almost certainly doing better than they only spoke swahili , for example . 
  [ try this , though this is written as a broader topic ] ( http://freakonomics.com/2014/07/10/what-do-king-solomon-and-david-lee-roth-have-in-common-full-transcript/ ), 
  if they ca n't get a logo right , i do n't really have much faith that they will complete the rest of the project as specified . 
  one thing that i see all the time in the defense industry is that if you give a someone you 're giving money to an inch , they will take a mile . 
  contractors are not punished at all for giving a product much different ( and of course , much more expensive ) than what was promised . 
  you have to draw a line somewhere , and you might as well do it early on before the money is already spent . 
  yes , this exactly . 
  david lee roth did something similar in the 80s when he was with van halen . 
  his tour group had a huge rider about what each venue must have in detail , what safety mechanisms and wiring had to be in place ( because they had a crazy number of stage effects for the time , and improper setup was incredibly dangerous ) , what food should be put out , etc. 
  one of the items buried in this rider was `` bowl of m&m s backstage , with all brown m&m s removed '' . 
  when this became public , people took this to mean that the group was stuck up and were just being assholes so they could pamper themselves . 
  but it was really a signaling system . 
  they had a problem with venues being so eager to sign them to perform that they did n't really read the rider , which could be a deadly mistake . 
  they put that specific item in there to make sure that the venue actually read the contract and complied with it . 
  if they went backstage before the show and saw brown m&m s , they would immediately put everything on hold so a safety check could be done . 
  so while the logo issue seems minor , it 's really an indicator of how the project will be run in general . 
  if they are already skirting incredibly simple specifications like a logo size , then it 's unlikely that they are going to do the project the proper way . 
  [ there 's actually a great freakonomics podcast about this ] ( http://freakonomics.com/2014/07/10/what-do-king-solomon-and-david-lee-roth-have-in-common-full-transcript/ ), 
  uhhhhh ... what ? 
  polio is still very much vaccinated against in the us . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/schedules/hcp/imz/child-adolescent.html ) you are probably thinking of smallpox . 
  eh , the ottoman empire had things running pretty well . 
  yeah , seriously .
