  i do not understand the question . 
  chip & signature has only now started to roll out in the us ( and by just started , i mean that i just got my first chip-embedded credit card in the mail 2 weeks ago ) . 
  i have yet to find a store that used it though , everyone is still magnetic swipe . 
  the liability shift starts in about a year , so within the next year , americans will know what this is . 
  i do n't know how the pin part will work though . 
  i activated my card and there was no option to set a pin . 
  i 'm american and i wish this as well . 
  at least then people would remember the lyrics . 
  [ hungary 's is good ] ( http://youtu.be/cisx40umfiy ) , and it 's probably the only national anthem in the world that does n't sing about how great they are and what great accomplishments they have done , but instead is a prayer to god to stop misfortunes befalling the country . 
  [ the full lyrics are here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/himnusz ) my wife says it 's one of the most depressing songs she ever heard even before she knew the lyrics . 
  i completely agree . 
  i do n't condone the situation at all , but we need to look at this with a little bit of cynicism and thought at what the political situation is . 
  i think you overstate hungarian love for authoritarian rulers . 
  first of all , fidesz only won about 45 % of the popular vote . 
  second , my understanding is that there was no credible opposition that the public liked , making fidesz the `` least bad '' choice . 
  i 'm admittedly not the most qualified for this . 
  all i can say are a few points : we do n't call it plutocracy , but `` income inequality '' . 
  it 's definitely a problem in the us moreso than in other developed areas like the eu . 
  the richest people in the us are definitely increasing in wealth much faster than the lower/middle classes . 
  part of this is because the legal and tax system benefits such people over others . 
  i 'm not qualified to say how serious of a problem it is , or what the best way to fix it is ( other than the obvious elimination of the tax/legal structure that they benefit so much from ) . 
  however , if you 're wanting a humorous ( but factually correct ) look at this problem in the us from an semi-european perspective , take a look at [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfgsewjaeno ) . 
  to me , the `` best '' system combining aspects of both would go like this : all the pipes going from the water tower to the homes are state-owned/managed . 
  however , the water going to the water tower is market-priced , and anyone can supply water to the system as long as they meet a minimum water quality that can be easily tested . 
  then if someone does n't like water company a , they switch to b , and b gets more `` credits '' in supplying water , and more money , even though all the companies ' water is all mixed together and essentially the same . 
  so in a water-stressed area , someone could start a desalination plant , or truck in water from elsewhere if the price is high enough . 
  it encourages the market to find the cheapest sources of water without having to supply any end-user infrastructure . 
  and prices can not be politically manipulated and unsustainable practices can not be implemented in a long-term fashion . 
  fun fact : this is how electricity is priced in the us . 
  allow me to play devil 's advocate for just one moment : privatisation takes over infrastructure from a state-owned entity . 
  state-owned entities are notoriously bad at maintaining infrastructure , or charging prices that can be politically manipulated . 
  it 's very possible that in some cases it was just not sustainable to charge the same rate as before because improvements must be done , water must be conserved or managed properly , previous treatment was inadequate , etc. 
  now it does n't sound like this is what 's happening in romania here , but there are other places in the world ( especially water-stressed areas ) where this is definitely true . 
  rather , they did n't realize that the war would last so long that a blockade would become practical . 
  had their original plan worked , gb would have lost their two allies early on and would have just gone with a peace settlement rather than fight alone in a war that did n't really involve them anyway . 
  yes , but they turned the tide of the stalemate . 
  germany knew this as well which is why they quickly tried a massive offensive in an attempt to close the war before the americans showed up . 
   flachsp\u00fcler yep , those are the ones . 
  they are extremely common in hungary ( do n't know about the rest of the eastern bloc ) . 
  i agree . 
  it 's different per state in the us as well . 
  but if you 're a start-up , especially a technology one , you almost always want to move to the us rather than try to make it work in europe . 
  source : i 've seen start-ups move to the us from germany , france , and other eu countries because the opportunity was clearly better here . 
  universally , i was told that the culture in europe overall makes it burdensome for a start-up environment . 
  this is what needs to be fixed , imo . 
  if you 're counting the entire territory , yes , hungarians are minority if you count all of slovakia , but that 's not what 's being debated . 
  there are parts of slovakia/romania/serbia where hungarians are clearly a majority . 
  those parts should never have been part of the other countries . 
  i do n't think you would find very many hungarians who argue that they should have back the areas where they were and are a minority . 
  maybe some crazy ultra-nationalists think that but that 's about it . 
   there is no feasible way to draw borders for that region . 
  you know , i hear this a lot , but i really do n't see why this is a dealbreaker . 
  there are countries and exclaves in similar situations and they get by just fine . 
  i do n't think it would have been too difficult to negotiate a passage or right-of-way rights , or a very thin land bridge . 
  i believe you 're thinking of the wrong war . 
  i have to disagree . 
  the main thing that they did n't realize ( and which no one realized at the time ) was how the technology and tactics at the time would lead to a stalemate so quicky . 
  and some overconfidence ( which the allies suffered from as well ) . 
  otherwise i think they had the best army on earth at the time , no question . 
  gb just did n't factor into the equation because in terms of infantry , they did n't have much that could compete . 
  people forget that germany almost single handedly fought off three great powers for years , and things only changed when the us joined . 
  oh boy , am i going to get downvotes here : european government in general is just grossly inefficient and/or corrupt . 
  it seems that just getting something seemingly simple like a certificate takes much more money and effort than it should . 
  also , the fact that there are parts of europe where bribes are needed or expected to get anything done just blows my mind . 
  there 's just too much regulatory burden for economic activities . 
  if you 're a tech start-up , you want to move where the money is , and where you can do business easily ( ie , not europe ) . 
  not saying that it has to be like the us or some unregulated wilderness , but clearly the pendulum is too far in the other direction . 
  there is currently disincentive to innovate . 
  and most importantly ( though i do n't know how popular these are ) , the german toilet . 
  otherwise i love your continent and want to live there . 
  this is pretty much how every country enforces laws . 
  even the us is no different here . 
  i 'm sure your country is the same way . 
  no law is ever enforced 100 % of the time ( with murder/robbery being possible exceptions ) . 
  and yes , it can be ( and is ) abused . 
  what i 've always found ironic about this is that the hungarian leadership was against any war with serbia from the start , because they saw what the austrian and german leadership did not : russia was going to get involved , and it was going to be longer than expected . 
  and yet , they were one of the countries most punished for it . 
   germany really should 've known better than to pick the side with austria-hungary on it . 
  to be fair , germany 's strategy was to deliver two knock-out punches so early that it did n't matter who was allied with them . 
  the war was only supposed to last a few weeks . 
  on paper , germany was the premier land army in europe , and had the war happened only a few years earlier or later , they very well could have won . 
  you have no idea . 
  you can not say or imply anything bad about the military without being branded a traitor . 
  it 's a meaningless phrase that lets people feel good without actually doing anything . 
  if finland really wants to send a message to russia : threaten to join nato . 
  that would really tell putin that shit got serious . 
  i could easily see this torpedoing the whole treaty , honestly . 
  as soon as americans catch wind that they ca n't call things like cheese what they think they should be called , and it 's because of those ** socialist ** europeans , there will be outcry to fight it tooth and nail . 
   the issue i have is the `` 1948 problem '' ; part of my ancestry passes through a female prior to 1948 , before which females could n't pass down their citizenship . 
  yeah , their laws are screwy . 
  i kind of wish they would just retroactively make a simple law that was just based on any italian lineage regardless of sex ( hungary and many other countries work this way ) . 
  i completely agree . 
  i wish i would have spent a year or two in a foreign country but there was just no way to do it with my parents jobs . 
  good luck . 
  i 've been looking at getting italian citizenship for my wife as well through her great-grandfather , and the amount of documentation needed is just insane . 
  even if she does n't qualify ( which i 'm beginning to think that she does not , since it appears her great-grandfather naturalized before her grandfather was born ) , it 's still a worthwhile project just to get a lot of family history documented before it becomes lost . 
  well , i would n't redact what you said , only expand that there are some trade-offs . 
  i completely agree with you otherwise . 
  i 'm dual and i 'm trying to figure out some way to get my kids to spend a year or two in europe if possible . 
  i think even if the eu fell apart , some new common market would spring up in its place .
