  anything longer than that is just unnecessary . 
  i personally really loved [ `` csillagosok , katon\u00e1k '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_red_and_the_white ) and think it 's one of the most brilliant films i 've ever seen . 
  i can understand why it would n't be a popular choice , though . 
  for those that have n't seen it : i think it does the best job of any movie to explain the futility and moral bankruptcy of war . 
  it was commissioned by the communist government and then later banned . 
  edit : uh , just to be clear , yes , i know it 's not a tarr bela film . 
  it 's just another movie from there that i enjoyed . 
  i wish they had dash cams back then :(, 
  hooray !, 
  hungary is the least undesirable !, 
  we sorta won !, 
  it 's a shame you 're being downvoted . 
  you could literally live your entire life in the us and never see or hear a gun . 
  the media really blows it way out of proportion . 
  the us does the same shit , btw . 
  if you stop looking for work because you 're discouraged , you are no longer considered unemployed . 
  problem solved !, 
  i think it 's just a common history of getting invaded , although by different powers . 
  they also tried to help each other in those times , and it 's well remembered on each side . 
  russia still has military bases there . 
  it is arguably what is keeping the current status quo . 
  armenia ca n't break ties with russia as long as this stays the case . 
   i do n't even understand why romania was allowed into the eu given the apparent level of corruption from the state . 
  they let them in to get that sweet dacia sandero . 
  not legitimately . 
  i 'm almost certain they bribed someone to win it . 
  if the eu ever folds , i actually would expect a visegrad union to happen . 
  canada does n't want the us ' problems , and the us does n't want canada 's solutions . 
  edit : calm down people , it 's a joke . 
  give hungary equal say in oppressing minorities and you 've got a deal !, 
  `` the union of indecipherable languages '' maybe we can get the basques into it as well ? 
  the thing is : armenia does n't really have a choice . 
  they need to keep russia happy so their military will stay stationed there . 
  it 's one of the few things keeping azerbaijan from bombing them . 
  until they can hammer out a peace treaty ( almost zero probability there ) , gain an economic and military upper hand without russia 's help , or convince the us or some other large power to guarantee their security , armenia will remain in russia 's sphere . 
  so can someone explain how these worked ? 
  i presume there are border-like checkpoints . 
  but since everyone is from the same country , what do they do ? 
  they ca n't stop you from going across , can they ? 
  or do they just do a simple weapobs check ? 
  hungary in 1989 . 
  my first night there ever i had to sleep on a uncomfortable straw mattress that smelled like piss and had to use an outhouse . 
  it was like i was transported to the previous century . 
  it was a lot for a well to do 8 year old to adjust to . 
  i quite like the place now , though . 
  garbage disposal . 
  in the places i 've lived that had one , i never used it . 
  i would n't say they are a standard feature in a dwelling though . 
  oh sure . 
  i do n't assign blame entirely to the treaty , because as you 've pointed out , there were other causes ... 
  however , the peace treaty writers very well knew what they were doing . 
  they were purposely creating ethnic and political conflicts and problems in the vain hope that it would keep everyone else 's hands too busy to build another power . 
  i think the previous century of relative peace also clouded everyone 's judgement . 
  the wars between napoleon and ww1 were very small and limited , and were done as political maneuvering with specific objectives ( bismark was extremely good at using war in this way ) . 
  everyone thought that ww1 would be no different and it would be an exercise finished in a few weeks . 
  unfortunately technology had made this a fantasy by then . 
  i only know a little about it , but i would agree that many of the szeklers are not helping their own cause . 
  as far as i know , there was n't . 
  hungary was a losing power , and there was just too much animosity between the two . 
  it would n't have worked anyway : romanians outnumbered the hungarians enough to make any shared government tenuous at best . 
  i agree that szeklerland was bit of a mess . 
  i do n't really know how it could have been solved without angering one side or another . 
  i admittedly do n't know enough about the situation now , but i guess my `` ideal '' solution for today would be the autonomous regions they keep pushing for . 
  whether that 's actually practical to create in romanian politics , or whether an acceptable compromise could be reached , i have no idea . 
  i do n't know what that is . 
   otoh , for hungary it 's one of their national tragedies ( the peace talks that followed wwi ) , on par with the destruction brought on by the ottoman conquest . 
  they lost , and they lost a lot , including a buttload of ethnic hungarians and 70-something % of their territory . 
  you can of course find different opinions , but i 've just been bothered by the way the partition was done , not so much the break-up itself . 
  even if hungary would have somehow kept all of its territory intact after the war , it would have lost it soon thereafter : hungary was n't terribly good to its minorities , had inflamed resentment , and there were just too many of them for it to be manageable after the split with austria . 
  it was inevitable . 
  my issue is that the new borders were punitively drawn without regard to who actually wanted to live in what country , and without any input from the `` losing '' side . 
  hungary 's requests to hold binding referendums in the ethnic border areas were ignored , and i personally think that was a perfectly valid request . 
  of course , there are also nationalist idiots who want everything back . 
  well , i 'm a soon-to-be phd graduate , but that 's not the doctor you meant :p, 
   there was no hope in making it peacefully , really . 
  i completely agree . 
  however , i think it would have been possible to have these countries liberated without creating the harsh peace terms that led to ww2 . 
  germany did agree to the 14 points for the armistice . 
  it was the huge difference between the 14 points and the actual peace treaty that caused a lot of outrage . 
  `` in honor of all those who gave their lives in the cause of freedom '' . 
  it is certainly good that many countries gained independence ( and in cases like poland , came back into existence ) . 
  the way it was done ( imposed , rather than negotiated peace ) was terrible , however . 
  but when do i get my dacia sandero ? 
  [ ww1 summed up in 7 minutes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_lhoo6q6p8 ), 
  let them pound sand . 
  this is certainly true , but it does n't help that the eu is militarily supported by the us through nato . 
  russia rightly sees this as having us troops stationed right by their border . 
  i think the situation would be a bit different if the us were out of the picture . 
  regardless , even the way they put pressure on ukraine was without force : they simply said there would be a blockade on ukrainian goods , which would economically destroy ukraine . 
  i do n't agree with what russia did , but at least they are n't throwing up missile bases all along the border or something like that . 
  yes , it was ( there was actually a great documentary on youtube that showed all the political backstory about that , unfortunately i ca n't find it now ) . 
  that is a bit different , however . 
  poland wanted security after several decades of occupation by different powers . 
  that was a legitimate concern . 
  the us actually did n't want poland in nato because it could provoke but poland did some political maneuvering to get what they wanted . 
  however , putting up missiles all over russia 's border when they frankly are n't a threat is a bit much . 
  russia is greatly outmatched by the us/eu . 
  any attack would immediately bring devastating countermeasures to their entire country . 
  russia knows this , they are n't stupid . 
  the us is basically dick-waving to send a message to moscow of `` hey , we can do whatever we want and you ca n't do shit about it '' , much like how they were impotent to stop the bombing of serbia .
