  worldwide , i do n't know . 
  but for the us , that 's the reason their food is so common . 
  well , there 's always quebec . 
  well , this should be interesting ... 
  my guess is because italy has been a huge exporter of immigrants for about a century , and they naturally brought their food with them . 
   but then you just need to take a look at the us to know that 's not true . 
  as an american , i will disagree here . 
  the us tax code is approximately 75,000 pages right now . 
  the tax code is blatantly unfair and incomprehensible , and abused a lot . 
  i would n't call it `` tax evasion '' in the normal sense though , since it is completely legal . 
  currently almost half the population gets out of paying income taxes at all , legally . 
  also , the people most likely to benefit out of the complexity of the tax code are those that can afford the best accounting firms and lawyers that money can buy ( ie . 
  rich ) . 
  so unless you 're really poor or really rich , you 're pretty much footing the bill . 
  for example , [ ge got a lot of flake a few years ago ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/politics/general-electric-paid-federal-taxes-2010/story?id=13224558 ) because they managed to legally avoid paying any taxes . 
  they are far from the only ones . 
  so no , it 's not surprising that a complicated code means that people just find ways to avoid it . 
  my ideal tax code would be less than 100 pages long and would be something like a vat and nothing else with no loopholes or exceptions . 
   and i 've yet to see a non-byzantine taxation system , for the record . 
  you 're right , and that 's because the general motivation of a taxpayer is to get someone other than themselves to pay more taxes , as well as the incredible growth of western governments over the past century . 
  unfortunately taxpayers like their entitlements more than they like paying for them ( hence why most western governments are in debt ) , so i do n't really see the situation resolving itself anytime soon . 
  if the polish government is n't going to pay for anything extra or wo n't cover anything unexpected no matter what , you can get insurance to mitigate the extra risk . 
  this will be reflected as a higher cost in the bid . 
  or you just overbid what you think is necessary to cover any potential problems . 
  or you could just back out as soon as you see your costs are more than the revenue , forcing the government to request new bids for the work , etc. 
  but again , seeing as there are already roads in poland , and these firms have been building roads for decades , i find it really hard to believe that they would n't have a good estimate of the actual problems and cost . 
  the actual problem is that the western governments incentivized the low-ball bidding because they just paid the overrun regardless . 
  if the eu countries either 1 ) refused to pay any overrun or 2 ) penalized overrun by , say , banning them from bidding for a number of years , then i think the overrun problem would fix itself very quickly . 
  yes , of course , but that 's why you pad your bid to account for that stuff , or you put a clause in your bid saying that it does n't cover these unforseen circumstances . 
  this is certainly a concern , but i find it hard to believe that an established road-building firm could n't anticipate many of these problems in advance and bid accordingly , or put a disclaimer in their bid . 
  this is fantastically standard practice in america , especially in the defense industries . 
  it 's really disgusting that there is zero political will to change it either . 
  poland did a good thing here . 
  even if they were n't related , i figure they would graciously invited in for some great food and wine , and would be forced to eat so much that they would n't be able to move , or they would get really drunk and develop a drinking problem . 
  it 's great . 
  there 's no other documentary where you will see a grown man cry over some spilled sugar . 
  people still use cds ? 
  actually , they are much closer to turkey than russia . 
  this is partly because of culture and language , but also because russia is using the conflict between azerbaijan and armenia to their advantage . 
  russia has their military stationed in armenia , and is arguably the only thing keeping azerbaijan from starting up a war . 
  ironically enough , even though they are muslim , they are closely allied with israel , while their nemesis armenia ( which is christian ) , is closely allied with iran . 
  is really sore about losing karabakh , to the point where [ an azeri officer who hacked an armenian to death ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/azerbaijani-officer-who-killed-armenian-officer-pardoned/24694081.html ) was pardoned as soon as he was transferred back to azerbaijan . 
  has tons of oil and gas to bring in some cash for a while their mythology is based on fire , or something like that . 
  that i could buy beer at tesco for about 93 cents usd/liter . 
  the hospitality is the best i 've ever seen anywhere . 
  they drink more than russians , but they do n't have a reputation of being drunks . 
  it 's not communist anymore ( seriously , i was there in 89 and the conditions were terrible ) . 
  spicy food . 
  the god damn [ best looking legislative building i 've ever seen ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/87/budapest%2c_parliament_%286785000268%29.jpg ) . 
  i 've loved it since i first saw pictures of it as a kid . 
  the inside makes the us capitol building look like an unkempt train station bathroom . 
  there is zero percent chance this will happen . 
  the constitution is hard enough to change as it is . 
  there is also no way there is enough popular support to get rid of the us-born requirement , especially from republicans . 
  they love it , but only in name . 
  the way it 's been reinterpreted over the centuries has made it lose a lot of meaning . 
  my favorite fast-food that gives me that feeling is `` long john silvers '' . 
  totally go if you are ever near one . 
  i get cravings for them once in a while , then after i eat it , i immediately regret it and stay away for months . 
  deviding it up in 10 year increments would n't really change much for central/eastern europe . 
  the upper half containing germany/poland and such lost their monarchies directly as a consequence of ww1 . 
  the lower half lost their monarchies because of ww2/communism taking power . 
  all of these problems really come down to demographics in one way or another . 
  unfortunately everyone agrees it 's a problem , but no one does the obvious solution ( have more kids ) . 
  [ wikitravel ] ( http://wikitravel.org ) has tons of info on wherever you 're going . 
  for the most part , yes . 
  i believe there are some lawsuits now that are trying to fix this , partly because there are some death penalty cases that were found to be improperly handled and the public defender did n't help . 
  i have no idea how that 's going or whether this will realistically change in the near future . 
  i 'm exaggerating a little , but that 's the essence of it , yes . 
  the system works ok if you have money ( and really well if you have lots of money ) , but if you 're poor , you 're screwed . 
  you 're options are limited . 
  you can get a public defender , which is free , but they are overworked , underpaid , and are working about a dozen cases at the same time . 
  they typically just tell you to plea a deal . 
  your better option is to hire a lawyer , but they usually do n't work for free , so ... yeah . 
  this is great . 
  thanks !, 
  how do the state-provided lawyers work out in sweden ? 
  because over here , you 're screwed if that 's who you have defending you . 
  they are overworked with dozens of simultaneous cases , and not paid very well . 
  most just tell you to take a plea deal instead of fighting it since it 's easier on them ( and they would n't realistically be able to win it for you anyway ) . 
  thanks for the info . 
  this seems to line up with other articles on the subject that made the economy seem like a political machine : those with political connections with those in power got rewards for their support . 
  i 'm guessing many of these economic decisions were a result of that . 
  one more question if you have a little time ( i have a side interest in economics :p ) : how would have greece 's `` lagging '' economy been made worse by the euro adoption ? 
  i 've always seen the euro as just a currency , and if it 's stable ( which it seems to be ) , it should n't have any negative impact . 
  or is it because the value of the euro makes exports more expensive , or investors would rather invest in a `` safer '' economy with the same currency ? 
  mostly in hungary , and a bit in slovakia . 
  it was still the same attitude even for a few years after the iron curtain came down . 
  i do n't really know too much about it since i was only a kid , but pretty much every man i saw did it , and the woman also did quite a bit . 
  even for an american at that time , where smoking was not really a taboo , i thought it was excessive . 
  if i had to guess a percentage , i 'd say 75 % , but that 's just based on personal experience . 
  oh , and they were all unfiltered cigarettes , too . 
  unrelatedly , i 'm surprised even western europe is so high . 
  i would expect much less . 
  for comparison , america is less than 20 % . 
  i would love to see these statistics over the past 50 years , if they exist . 
  because when i was in the eastern bloc in the late 80 's , everyone smoked . 
  they would absolutely stand by and let it happen . 
  you 'd find a lot of americans supporting it , actually . 
  all you do is sprinkle the reasoning with the magic words : `` terrorism '' and `` national security '' .
