  is there a stereotype of germans being frugal or is this specifically related to the pigs ? 
  it 's really astonishing how much trouble is gone through to get a result that no one could possible believe . 
  it seems to me that they would be better off fabricating a 60-70 % victory which could at least be somewhat credible . 
  i presume this is because they just want to completely humiliate and destroy the competition and really bring home the point that it is 100 % pointless to vote for them ? 
  year 1 : buy the rail . 
  year 2 : buy the other . 
   the downside will come when they are going to start hooking up all those nice peripherals to it . 
  most municipalities are using their computers for boring and unremarkable activities like writing documents and database manipulation . 
  you do n't need anything special to do this , so it does n't make sense to pay for software like windows and office when there are perfectly good free alternatives that work pretty well . 
  it 's always amused me how close hungarians and polish people are , and they do n't understand a damn word the other is saying . 
  it 's like a fraternal friendship that transcends language . 
   i think to myself that this is pretty much what budapest would look like if everything would 've went right for us instead of wrong . 
  the solution is clear , we invade vienna next week . 
   the same thing happens with the uk though to americans , who think we 're all fancy and wealthy even though we 're a lot poorer than they are . 
  no , we just think all british people are orphan street urchins with a cockney accent , and that everyone loves benny hill . 
  catchy tune . 
   thinking everything must be 100x better in the west this describes almost all of my relatives there . 
  every time we visit and talk with them , you would think they had to eat shit every day while being tortured while we get free blow jobs from the blow job tree and money rains down upon us from the sky . 
   so now he 's got a lot of political power not because his party 's platform is so appealing but because the opposition has had its wings clipped . 
  it 's also because the opposition has proven itself to be inept and/or untrustworthy . 
  you had a recent prime minister [ admitting on tape ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_hungary ) that they had lied for years and had n't done anything , and it did n't help that they were the socialist party . 
  and during the last election , the opposition unity party has also shown itself to [ be hilariously inept ] ( http://www.politics.hu/20140311/the-insane-tragicomedy-of-the-hungarian-opposition-alliance-that-cannot-be-named/ ) . 
  and then you have jobbik , the ultra-nationalists who have the luxury of just not having fucked anything up yet , but are otherwise dangerous . 
  if you 're a voter in hungary , you are just screwed no matter who you vote for . 
  fidesz can easily seem like the least bad out of all of them . 
  i completely agree . 
  this is especially true in hungary : all of the young people are leaving the country in droves , and the country already had terrible demographics to begin with . 
  it 's only a matter of time before that blows up financially . 
  that 's kind of the genius of these autocratic measures ( and why people like putin and orban put them in place ) : it barely affects the average person so they do n't notice anything of substance being taken . 
  they can still go out and say whatever they want . 
  it only makes it more difficult to hear other opinions , and no one is going to protest over not being told other opinions . 
  authoritarians of the future will use this as a template . 
  they 've learned you do n't need to use repressive force to stay in power , but instead just control what the public hears and reads while letting them do whatever they want in their normal life . 
  it must have been . 
  people were willing to sail into unknown oceans and risk their lives just to make a few bucks off of a rich merchant who got tired of his bland food . 
  if that 's his goal , that 's fine by me . 
  i feel bad for the russian people in that case but if the rest of europe is left alone , that 's an ok trade-off . 
   i 'm not sure how nato or the us would react . 
  classify it as terrorism and then send special forces , intelligence people , and equipment to deal with it . 
  the conflict in ukraine is n't terribly difficult to put down for a nato country . 
  ukraine just is n't well equipped to handle it . 
   no one wants to risk nuclear war with russia . 
  russia would have everything to lose here . 
  these are n't unrecognized countries like transdneistria . 
  these are fully recognized countries in many international organizations . 
  any use of nuclear weapons by russia on these areas would make them an instant pariah . 
  no one would deal with them anymore . 
  countries like china ( who russia wants to work with ) would n't be able to ignore it . 
  putin is simply not that stupid . 
  also , most of the us ' global superpower status is because of explicit security guarantees and alliances . 
  not aiding a nato ally would destroy the whole system overnight , making the us seen as an unreliable partner , and the financial repercussions would be devastating . 
  about the worst you can say is that the us would n't invade russia in retaliation for invading the baltics because of those same weapons , but that 's about it . 
  there 's a comedian ( adam corolla ) that had a show for a while and a standard comedic routine he did was read off a crazy news headline , and the audience had to guess whether it happened in florida or germany . 
  those kinds of towns are all over the place . 
  they 're usually very small and the only way the police force and government can make any money is by ticketing everyone going through who even barely go over the speed limit . 
  there 's lots of smartphone apps that tell you when you 're going through those kind of places though . 
  not even conan wanted to go to turku . 
   i understand it is hard to believe for westerners , but these societies are very repressed . 
  my parents are both hungarian refugees because of the soviets . 
  you do n't need to tell me , but have you actually been there ? 
  or know anyone who has ? 
  my neighbors were stationed there for two years with the peace corps less than five years ago . 
  while not as free as a typical western nation , and there are definite problems , it was not to the point where people were afraid to truthfully answer questions to foreigners . 
  it 's not north korea , in other words . 
  i find it hard to believe that the average person is going to lie out of fear to a canadian survey organization . 
  it might be fair to say that their opinion is formed a lot by newspapers or tv , which might be government-controlled or influenced , but that 's immaterial . 
  believe it or not , russia is liked by other countries . 
  if they want to associate with them , let them . 
  it 's naive to say that the only reason they will join russia is because of force . 
  ... while eating lutefisk ? 
  it is short , but it 's still more than [ what germany contributes ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jun/23/us-nato-members-increase-defence-spending ), 
  i agree . 
  this deployment is not appropriate in this situation . 
   i got schooled in geography by an american , i have failed you europe . 
  you must now perform the norwegian equivalent of seppuku in penance . 
  i assume that means you jump off a fjord while eating lutefisk or something like that . 
  [ polling for eurasian union shows it is legitimately popular in central asia ] ( http://www.eurasianet.org/taxonomy/term/4281 ) . 
  i do n't understand why you 're being downvoted . 
  [ the eurasian union really is popular with the population there ] ( http://www.eurasianet.org/taxonomy/term/4281 ) will it be corrupt and lead to stagnant economies ? 
  that 's almost definite . 
  but no one is holding a gun to their head to join it . 
  let them . 
  to be fair , finland spends about 1.5 % gdp on their military , and i would say that their tactics are much better suited for an attack by russia than others . 
  finland 's tactics are in many ways similar to switzerland 's in that it 's focused more on making occupation so painful so as to not make it worth it . 
  so although i agree that they would need to increase spending , i would hardly call them freeloaders . 
  right , which is why i said he needs to report it in case he tries to get another one or otherwise return . 
  but if jihadis want to leave europe and never come back , passport or not , i do n't really have a problem with that . 
   he said he burned his passport so he is not coming back well , that 's good , right ? 
  if all the extremist jihadis want to leave and never come back , i certainly would n't want to stop them . 
  however , you should notify the uk state department ( or whoever is in charge of consular services ) in case they try to return . 
  i think this is due to the naval `` reset '' brought on by the dreadnaught class of ships . 
  everyone scrambled to establish themselves in this new environment . 
  i get your point though . 
  i was just trying to say that if you asked an average person in 1910 whether there would be a major european war , i think you would have been looked at like you were crazy . 
  even at the beginning of ww1 , most everyone involved thought it would be a minor skirmish lasting a few weeks . 
  i 've always looked on that as sabre-rattling rather than any serious attempt to go to war . 
   that was 1984 . 
  whoops , thanks for the correction . 
   and after the death of tito in 1980 , yugoslavia became increasingly unstable to the point where it was not unexpected to see conflict break out eventually . 
  i hardly call myself an expert , but everything i 've seen and read point to serbia 's increasing nationalism ~ 1987/1988 as the main catalyst for the break-up ( for example , [ mentioned here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnk0fba789y ) ) .
