  my wife ( italian-american ) really did n't know what to make of the burgers/pizza that they served . 
  [ hungary and international cuisine just do n't mix ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kawjrvc.png ), 
  `` eh , it 's all out in the east , they 're all the same there '', 
  it was also the same plane that was implicated in rendition flights , so it is essentially owned by the cia . 
  it 's only circumstantial evidence , but it 's definitely suspicious . 
  that makes more sense , thanks ( i was unable to watch the video ), 
  i first clicked on the title because i thought it was a `` secret '' recipe for a tasty greek food :(, 
   then there 's a brilliant picture of the expression on pupil 1 's face as he realises the monumental fuck up he 's just made could you elaborate on this ? 
  i 'm not following what the fuck up was . 
  some of the countries who do that have to : otherwise they are paying for their skilled labor to leave and never come back . 
  [ yeah , it 's pretty bad ] ( http://reason.com/assets/db/07cf533ddb1d06350cf1ddb5942ef5ad.jpg ) i never heard of a company sponsoring you getting their application rejected though . 
  everyone i know who got a job offer had no trouble getting the proper visa to stay . 
  and the one guy i know who married an american got his green card within 2 years with comparatively little hassle . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to compare soviet policies to romanian/eastern bloc ones . 
  the soviets only really cared about two things from their eastern bloc neighbors : they had to remain militarily aligned with the ussr , and the economy still had to be nominally communist ( though the definition of this was quite broad ) . 
  anything other than that , the soviets did n't care about . 
  they did not govern this way internally , however . 
   i have heard from some russians that tatars like being a part of russia for what it 's worth , i was told by a russian tartar that they would prefer independence , but the fact that they are completely enclosed by russia makes that impossible ( ie . 
  there are many pragmatic concerns , so it 's not worth trying to make trouble over it ) . 
  i have no idea how popular her opinion was , though . 
  is there still tension/fighting there ? 
  i was under the impression that the population has essentially been fought to death and pacified . 
  this is one of the times that stalin 's paranoia came in handy . 
  he knew there would be a war at some point , so he threw everything at building industry in the east where it was difficult to capture/destroy . 
   it 's like they think the sun revolves around them or something not only that , but the moon too !, 
  in all seriousness , i know a few hungarian families who left romania , could speak romanian perfectly fine , but they were still harassed for being the wrong ethnicity while they were there . 
  most left during the ceau\u0219escu era , though , so some of that could easily have just been the government . 
  the article does n't mention exactly how bad of a speaker their mother is , but here 's my two cents as a child of immigrants : my mom never took english classes and is effectively self-taught from reading magazines with a dictionary . 
  she is able to communicate , but frequently gets the grammar wrong , and sometimes may have to repeat herself a few times for people to understand her . 
  she moved here when she was ~ 25 , and did n't know another language before then . 
  this was 50 years ago . 
  i 've noticed that language classes really make a huge difference . 
  they will actively correct your mistakes as you are first learning so you do n't pick up any bad habits , and you do n't necessarily get that from just exposure . 
  now if the author 's mom is unable to understand or speak at all , then that 's another issue . 
   if there is ever an emergency for which funds are needed , the state needs to be able to rapidly borrow fair enough , but borrowing is now seen as a standard way to finance government expenditures , and not as an emergency `` last resort '' . 
  i am perfectly fine with the latter , but not the former . 
   additionally , running deficits can be beneficial if done responsibly this is the crux is the issue . 
  governments have historically shown that they are n't responsible about this over the long run . 
  edit : i 'm not qualified to say that france should cancel their debt or not , nor am i suggesting as such . 
  i 'm more against the practices that lead to the large debt in the first place . 
  what 's funny is that the us thought about dismantling nato after the cold war , and it was the newly-freed eastern countries who lobbied hard for it to accept them . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.alluc.to/movies/watch-the-real-end-of-the-cold-war-2011-online/444469.html ), 
   though preventing europe from acting as a bloc will always be on the us wish-list , regardless of the think-tank . 
  there is a kind of sad irony here . 
  the us first supported the eu block as a counterweight to russian interests , and now they see it as an impediment to american interests that must be reigned in . 
  just to be clear , the heritage foundation is just one of thousands of think tank groups in washington . 
  this does n't mean that this is us policy , at least not yet . 
  this is a fantastic series . 
  i also recommend [ blood upon the snow ] ( http://docuwiki.net/index.php?title=russia%27s_war_-_blood_upon_the_snow ), 
  related to this , [ a woman in berlin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_woman_in_berlin_%28film%29 ) is a great movie about this topic . 
  my parents that escaped and the family that stayed behind ( hungary ) . 
  my dad was a refugee from the 1956 revolution and was a teenager in the stalinist era . 
  my mom came over in 1969 and grew up under both stalin and kruschev . 
  they did n't have too many nice things to say about the ussr . 
  also lots of documentaries/books ( admittedly written by either americans or escapees , so people with an axe to grind ) . 
   direct clashes begin between ethnic groups ( ruthenians , hungarians , poles , romanians , other minorities ) and on political grounds ( power loss blamed for half the territories of ukraine ) . 
  the state weakens . 
  uhhhh ... all those minorities combined are like 2 % of the population , if that . 
  they do n't even live by each other , and most likely do n't have even have the same land claims . 
  this is the most grandiose delusional thinking i 've ever read in my life . 
  he might as well have just said that aliens come down and start fighting . 
   a new great continental association is formed , as a confederation of europe and eurasia , the european union and the eurasian union . 
  russian , ukrainians and europeans are on one side of the barricades , the americans on the other . 
  american hegemony and dominance of the dollar as well as domination of atlanticism , liberalism and the financial oligarchy is ended . 
  a new page in world history begins . 
  the slavs are reunited not against europe , but with europe in the framework of a multipolar polycentric world . 
  from lisbon to vladivostok . 
  so in other words : `` we 're going to do what napoleon , and everyone else in the history of europe , failed to do , and we 're going to do it with far less resources and people than they had . 
  oh , and we 're going to do it with neighboring countries that completely hate us and have actively resisted any influence of ours on them . '', 
  this is what happened in italy , fyi . 
  oh man , i never even thought of that . 
  this really would put putin in a horrible situation . 
  he currently has troops stationed in armenia , ostensibly to `` keep the peace '' , but really to keep armenia under his thumb . 
  but an offer from turkey would be valuable enough that i could see him throwing armenia under the bus over it . 
  but by throwing armenia under the bus , russian support in the other frozen conflicts like moldova and ukraine suddenly get called into question and could destabilize everything . 
  putin needs to have good relations with turkey because they control black sea access for everyone . 
  russia ( well , the soviets technically ) learned a long time ago that trying to strong arm them over it made them run to the us . 
  thanks for your interest !, 
  i frequently call it one of the worst geopolitical regions on earth . 
  the area was doing great until about 500 years ago , and then it diverged completely from western europe . 
  while the west was fighting over the new world 's riches , trading influence , and political power , central europe was fighting for survival . 
  it 's always kind of depressing to think about `` what could have been '' had history been a little more accommodating . 
  i 've looked months ago and could n't find anything except hungarian subtitles . 
  if i was n't so busy , and the series so huge ( 46 parts ) , i would do it myself . 
  maybe someday ... 
  the bbc has a great opportunity to do a series like this . 
  i think they 'd do a good job on it , and it could do very well to help some of the prejudiced uk citizens understand where many of their immigrants are from . 
  ugh , that 's going to be difficult . 
  this is one of the most overlooked regions in europe and is n't discussed much in the english-speaking world . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkg5ne88u_k ) is probably sort of what you 're looking for ( at least for hungary ) . 
  the problem is that there are no english subtitles that i can find . 
  however , there are some [ great books ] ( http://www.amazon.com/illustrated-history-hungary-csaba-csorba/dp/b000mrjd2w/ref=sr_1_4?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1401383285&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=illustrated+history+hungary ) that cover what you 're looking for . 
  that does show both the old and new borders . 
  the old borders are the bright red and orange-red outlines . 
  the new borders are the orange and orange-red outlines . 
  why is canada listed above the us when it has fewer deaths ? 
  edit : ok ok !, 
  i get it !, 
  percentage of population was higher , even though total number was lower !, 
  thanks for the correction .
