  i 'm not a fan of the russian government at all when they do blatantly provocative things like this . 
  i ca n't imagine why ukraine would want to join the eu over russia 's union . 
  nope , no idea at all . 
  i 'm a native english speaker and i do n't think that any language should be mandated . 
  it will breed resentment . 
  some people are just not cut out for languages and they do n't live outside of their country anyway . 
  it 's a huge economic loss to force people to learn something they will forget later on . 
  someone who is motivated enough to move is going to learn a language if it requires it . 
  if the eu wants to try to help here , they can develop a language program for adults to learn any another eu language to ease transition , but that 's it . 
  the eu is n't a single country and it does n't make sense to treat it as such . 
  well , to be fair , an olympic bid is n't considered a serious one unless there is at least some sizable infrastructure there already . 
  it was still dumb of them to even bother to apply though . 
  no country that has hosted it for the past 40-50 years has economically benefitted from it , and the spanish government should have known that . 
  am i the only who just rinses and then puts them straight into the cupboard as is ? 
  i do n't have a drying closet or anything . 
  there are more companies registered there than there are people . 
  i had lots of serbian immigrant neighbors and friends growing up . 
  i do n't have any negative experiences or feelings , other than maybe they were a bit cliquish and tended to hang around only other serbians . 
  they are good , hard-working people ( and tended to own apartment buildings for a living ) . 
  yup . 
  at the very least , the eu needs to charge reciprocal fees . 
  i suspect the us would shit a brick but oh well . 
  it 's a long story but that host was a stand-up comedian known for insulting humor to lower class people . 
  so i guess what i 'm trying to say is to not take it too seriously . 
  good point . 
  i 'm not sure then . 
  i think there 's value in showing the movement of armies either way , but yeah , maybe a different way of expressing it in this case would be better . 
  i probably worded that terribly , but i stand by my premise . 
  let me start by asking you this : how many people in 1935 would say that britain would n't be a superpower 25 years later ? 
  my guess is : almost none . 
  you could say the same for the collapse of the soviet union in 1985 . 
  superpowers and their political structures are fluid . 
  they come and go . 
  here 's why i think the same of russia : 1 . 
  population . 
  that 's just it , it does n't have a huge population . 
  it barely has more people than japan . 
  bangladesh has more . 
  this is presumably why putin is pulling out the stops to get countries into his eurasian union . 
  a superpower needs a large common market and labor pool , and russia has a decent size , but not enough compared to the future big players such as the eu , or even the us . 
  the russian economy is heavily dependent on oil ( 45 % of the russian economy is oil-related , to be exact ) . 
  that level of non-diversity is not healthy for a superpower economy ( though admittedly it 's working great for them right now ) . 
  there is not enough specialization . 
  the rest of the economy and political system around it is heavily corrupt and there 's no real will to change it . 
  their military is n't really that great . 
  they are n't a threat to anyone except their former republics . 
  this does n't really matter anyway since force is a discredited form of diplomacy amongst other superpowers . 
  economic `` soft power '' is where you have real influence . 
  when you combine the previous three , you begin to realize that decades from now , if there is a hypothetical diplomatic problem and economic soft power comes into play between china and russia , or the eu and russia , russia is going to lose . 
  russia will remain a big regional power , but a big international power ? 
  no , other than what their un veto can give . 
  china , south america , the eu , etc. 
  there are the real powers in the future . 
  the us is n't immune either , btw . 
  the us just had the fortunate benefit of not having communism for 70 + years , nor two destructive wars take place on its territory . 
  it does , however , have a retarded and expensive foreign policy that could leave it diplomatically isolated or less influential . 
  edit : i should also mention that this is nothing at all against russia or russians , nor is this meant to be insulting ( though admittedly i wrote the original post rather inflammatory ) , it 's just pointing out that the influence of the soviet years are gone , and the people running the country need to realize this and move on . 
  unfortunately the games they play in the former republics like this show they have n't . 
  the way i look at this video is this : if you were transported to that particular location at that particular time , who would have the ultimate authority over you . 
  so if you were teleported to that line on the way to moscow when napoleon was invading , you would be answerable to napoleon/france since the russians did n't control that territory at that exact time . 
  showing it this way makes perfect sense to me because you basically see the actual mechanics involved behind the political scene . 
  russia can play this game all it wants , but it 's not going to change the fact that it will become irrelevant as a mighty international power in the future . 
  if it was just the name , it would be one thing , but they are trying to claim historical things that are provably false . 
  ok , imagine you have this friend that you met in college . 
  now imagine that you told him about your awesome childhood with your friends and all the cool things you did . 
  now imagine that friend starting to tell you and everyone that he was there too with you and that he remembers all the great times you had together . 
  you show him pictures and records that definitively show he was n't there , but he does n't care and still claims it . 
  macedonia is that friend . 
  they actually have compromised a bit . 
  previously they did n't even want it called macedonia in any capacity . 
  now they are ok with macedonia with a qualifier . 
  thanks for the response . 
  do you see this issue getting resolved in the near future ? 
  so far greece holds all of the power to veto them from everything they want . 
  has there been progress or has it been getting worse with them naming everything after alexander ? 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  so also , just to be clear : greece does n't care about the territory at all , right ? 
  all they are mad about is some slavs `` stealing their history '' correct ? 
  - the whole naming controversy with greece and that they will probably not get into nato or the eu until it 's resolved . 
  - they are on a naming spree with alexander the great , even though they are not related except geographically . 
  yeah , i do n't really know a whole lot . 
  this is already happening . 
  it 's called the eu and eurasian union . 
  edit after massive downvotes : note to self - make humor more obvious next time . 
  i do n't think this is fully repudiated by the democrats . 
  democrats overwhelming vote for the military state just as much as the republicans do , and when they are in power they are just as forceful to get what they want internationally . 
  maybe they do n't play the patriotism tune as hard , but it 's still there . 
  russia basically did to georgia what we did to serbia . 
  it 's only been 10-20 years since these events , so it 's much too early to tell their long-term effects on an international scale . 
  now obviously russia is playing this up for their own benefit , and he 's being obviously hypocritical on some things here , but i think his point here is correct . 
  i do n't care if this instant supports their interests : they are completely correct here . 
  see ? 
  brussels really does want to take over all of europe !, 
  i think this is a fantastic idea . 
  maybe also a `` this week in history '' series , where people post some historical event whose anniversary is that week ? 
  - they had some land in the carpathian basin until the hungarians took it from them . 
  - they used to be just north of the black sea and over the centuries they moved down to where they are now . 
  i have no idea why . 
  - uneasy relations with greece , i think ? 
  - the only iron curtain country where i do n't really know what happened there .
