  and it should n't hinder serbia 's path towards eu . 
  i never said it was serbia-specific . 
  but the eu rules are clear and say that any eu member country can use another eu member 's consular services if their own is n't available . 
  a kosovar is going to walk into , say , a spanish embassy and ask for services . 
  the spanish embassy will say that the kosovar passport is not a valid document and ask for a serbian one . 
  there is simply no way around this without recognition . 
   it can be easily solved with serbia , signing a treaty that ensures that serbia will not interfere with kovoso accession process - it will not be seen as , nor does it constittute , recognition . 
  spain , and others that do not recognize it will still need to pass an act allowing to accede . 
  no matter how this is spun , it is de facto recognition . 
  you ca n't say that a territory is a part of serbia and then say it needs separate permission to join the eu . 
  it 's the very definition of a contradiction . 
  it also makes any internal eu policy difficult . 
  let 's say that kosovo is a tie-breaking vote in the eu parliament : countries that do n't recognize it do n't count that vote , and the ones that do count it . 
  you can not have an unrecognized state participating in the eu without opening up a huge can of worms like this . 
  if the eu were serious about preventing any future problems , they would make serbia 's recognition a condition for entry , so then the rest of the countries do n't recognize it yet will follow along . 
  then you avoid so many problems later on . 
  otherwise neither should be let in . 
  edit : i 'm actually not taking sides here . 
  if a case can be made for kosovo to be made a part of serbia again , then that can be pushed as well . 
  i actually do n't care . 
  i 'm just making the case that having a country with conflicting borders and uncertain recognition will lead to disaster later . 
   could n't the same question be asked for whichever two countries in the eu ? 
  there are no outstanding territorial issues for other eu members other than cyprus ( which does n't have a conflict with another member ) . 
  any land taking is going to quite clearly be someone 's fault . 
   what if he walks into spanish emabssy ? 
  well , what will happen ? 
  will they be turned away , or is a country that does n't recognize it going to be forced to offer consular services ? 
   i could go on , but you ca n't ask from serbia to accept kosovo when not all countries in eu have accepted it . 
  this will make accession quite messy since each member state has to approve any expansion . 
  so you are effectively asking countries that do n't recognize it , to approve its accession . 
  the passing of that act constitutes recognition . 
  i commented about this in the other response . 
  but yes , cyprus was an issue and i do n't think it was a good idea to let it in as it was . 
  sure , but i think it 's going to greatly complicate matters in the eu if you have conflicting borders , especially with different member states . 
  imagine if for whatever reason there is a conflict between the two again , whose side should be taken , or should they both be kicked out ? 
  it complicates diplomacy and foreign relations as well . 
  what if a kosovar walks into a serbian embassy for consular services ? 
  is serbia going to offer the services , even though they have an `` invalid '' passport , or what ? 
  the issues could go on forever . 
  it makes the whole thing rather messy . 
  it 's for the same reason that had it been up to me , i would not have let in cyprus until a peace deal was struck with the northern portion . 
  this does n't seem like a great idea . 
  i ca n't imagine a well functioning eu if some countries do n't recognize each other . 
  at least someone does . 
  i do n't personally know anyone who likes the stuff . 
  this just means that jobbik followers are dedicated and more active than the typical supporter of any other party . 
  this does n't actually translate into real support . 
  a similar example would be all the internet attention ron paul got during his run . 
  his followers flooded every online poll and page talking about him , and at the end of the day it did n't amount to a pile of ant shit . 
  tl ; dr this does n't mean a damn thing . 
  normally it has been 7 years . 
  not sure why it 's 2 now . 
  i did n't realize that the central part and the southern plain hated each other so much . 
   although i will say , you can alleviate all physical pain through medicine these days . 
  actually , this is increasingly difficult in the us as well . 
  [ this is an older article ] ( http://reason.com/archives/2001/12/18/killing-a-painkiller ) , but it explains the problem quite well . 
  doctors are terrified of going to jail for prescribing too much painkillers because the dea does n't really have strict guidelines . 
  doctors tend to avoid prescribing them in required doses for people with serious , painful diseases or disorders . 
  the net result : people in pain who can not do anything about it , except maybe leave the country . 
  if this is the case , then the two cases would indeed be comparable . 
  edit : so i checked . 
  it does n't appear to be israel , but the palestinian authority that is blocking passports . 
  it is still definitely comparable though . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ipstelevision.net/ips/israel-encircles-gazans-pa-denies-their-right-to-a-passport/ ), 
  most of the high-level people had some kind of punishment like prison time , though i believe most if not all were released not long afterwards . 
  i know the former secret police people are also trying to rewrite the history about them to make them not seem so bad . 
  many are unapologetic about their actions . 
  hahahahaha . 
  that is both hilarious and awesome . 
  i 'm going to guess that after this incident the sailors were better scrutinized , and fewer were allowed off the ships when docked . 
  i 'd chalk it up to mostly homesickness as well . 
  my dad originally planned on returning to hungary after a year or two when things quieted down , but after some time in the us , decided that he had no future to go back to . 
  i 'm not trying to give commentary or justification for israel 's policies here , hence why i avoided commenting on it specifically . 
  i was merely pointing out that the blockade may have the same effects as the berlin wall in practice , but they are fundamentally not the same thing . 
  there are embassies in gaza , so in theory one could get a resident visa from that embassy and use that visa to transit out . 
  one could not do that in the eastern bloc . 
  you needed not only the visa , but official permission in writing from your government just to cross the border . 
  now as for the side effects of the wall and the impact it 's having on the people of gaza , i leave up to others to discuss . 
  i 've been to europe lots of times and i never had issues with any of the things he said except the toilets . 
  [ oh god , the horror ] ( http://asecular.com/~scott/misc/toilet.htm ) seriously europe , those toilets are shit . 
  it might also be a dig at [ one female german olympic high-jumper ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dora_ratjen ) who turned out to be a man instead . 
   a terrorist attack every couple month or so at its height in 2002 , there was a suicide bombing about once a week . 
   before 9/11 americans could cross back and forth without a passport , and it was much easier for mexicans to cross as well . 
  i do n't know when the policy changed , but it was well after 9/11 . 
  i went to tijuana back in 2004 and no one checked my passport . 
  it definitely was not an overnight change . 
  if a palestinian decided one day to leave and settle in jordan instead ( assuming jordan would take them in ) , israel would not care . 
  they 'd probably really happy about it , actually . 
  there is nothing keeping the palestinians from leaving other than the lack of countries willing to take them in ( which is a separate issue ) . 
   also most palestinians ca n't legally get out of the gaza strip either way so ... no no , you are conflating two different issues . 
  people from gaza can leave , it 's just that they ca n't go into either neighboring country . 
  egypt does n't want them , and israel has basically sealed the border . 
  if you can prove that you have been accepted by another country and are merely transiting israel/egypt , then i very much doubt that they will stop you . 
  the berlin wall was specifically designed to keep people in . 
  if you were east german , you could go down to the west german embassy and get a west german passport very easily . 
  even with this , the gdr ( and the rest of the eastern bloc ) would not let you leave . 
  you had to prove that you originally came from the west ( by a visa stamp or something similar ) . 
  if you could get out , just about every country on the other side of the border would take you . 
  well , i thought this would be obvious but in case it was n't , this was 1956 . 
  whoops .
