  what shell was doing was saying that switching to gas from coal in the immediate term could significantly reduce emissions now rather than throwing money inefficiently at renewables which are still a small percentage of the total energy production ( even though they is growing very rapidly ) . 
  this is essentially the same strategy the us has taken : switch to gas from coal , while simultaneously letting renewables catch up ( there are still significant tax incentives for investing in renewables ) . 
  so far this strategy has been successful in reducing emissions . 
  it 's also a fact that gas is better able to match fast changes in electrical demand , and until there is cheap grid storage , we are stuck with some kind of fossil fuels for a while . 
  renewables should still be encouraged , obviously , but it is still not possible to roll out renewables fast enough to meet many demanding targets . 
  it will take another 10 years before renewables are large enough to start drastically cutting into emissions ( assuming they still keep their rapid growth ) . 
   but why ? 
  it 's symbolism . 
  everyone knows that these ships are not terribly useful . 
  it 's just meant to show continuity with the past and honor its traditions . 
  there 's other ships on the usn registry that are n't in active service because of symbolism as well , like the [ uss pueblo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_pueblo_%28ager-2%29 ) even though it has been in north korean hands for about 50 years . 
   take control of the plane for a bit i 'm going to go out on a limb and guess that you are not actually in full control of the aircraft . 
  most likely pilot will monitor the plane as you change the controls a little and then they immediately take over if you start to do something stupid . 
  or they will set the computer to not allow crazy inputs . 
  [ because doing this kind of stuff has killed people before ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aeroflot_flight_593 ), 
  to be fair , no one wants any smelly pirezians as a neighbor . 
  fuck them . 
  oh sure . 
  it was also used by countries as a way to show their superiority . 
  in the 1937 world 's fair , the german and ussr pavilions were right across from each other and they were used as propaganda instruments . 
  my friend 's grandfather still tells stories of his visit to the chicago world 's fair in 1934 and how he saw plastic and modern appliances for the first time . 
  at the time , there was simply no other way to experience this . 
  now i can type into a machine and instantly get pictures and video of whatever new invention has been made on a daily basis . 
  even the culture and food aspects are not really important anymore : any middle class person can buy a plane ticket and experience a country themselves in person . 
  this was n't possible in the 20s-30s for most people . 
  heck , i do n't even need to travel . 
  i 'm here talking to someone from flanders without even leaving my office . 
  it 's funny they 're still around . 
  they simply are n't relevant anymore . 
  they were for a time where you would n't know about the latest technology except from reading about it in a newspaper and there was no way to experience it first-hand . 
  now seeing as new technology is shown on tv/youtube and new stuff is coming out every single year , there 's just no point for them anymore . 
  well , in the us there are jobs that are exempt from minimum wage laws , and they are usually very physically intensive with very little pay . 
  usually mexicans come over to do them because citizens wo n't do it at all . 
  the money they make is worth a lot back home so they can live pretty well even though it 's terrible . 
  i did n't know if something similar could be done there . 
  from the sounds of it , there are enough `` poor '' eastern europeans to take those jobs , so this is not really an option . 
  yeah , basically . 
  us foreign policy is many things , but it is rarely consistent . 
   yea but in that case it 's not like turkeys does n't understand the usa 's real opinion on the matter . 
  this is the nature of politics . 
  it 's a system of trade-offs . 
  the eu engages in this game too , btw . 
  this is hardly an american-only attitude . 
  i see . 
  well then it looks like everyone except political refugees are getting deported then . 
   we used to do that for guest workers to , but they stayed hmmm ... that 's problematic . 
  we have a guest worker program that is basically for jobs that ca n't be easily automated , but which pay so little that no citizen would actually do them . 
  picking crops , for example . 
  they get a work visa for a summer or year or whatever and they have to go back at the end of the term . 
  could n't something like that be implemented in the eu ? 
  i realize that it 's not a perfect solution ( the worker could just decide to leave their job and look for some illegal work elsewhere in the eu and would need to be tracked down ) , but it seems like a much better one that is happening now . 
  i also do n't see any catholic symbols anywhere . 
  he stabilized the country . 
  i will give him credit for that . 
  what he did not do was reduce corruption , open the economy , and try to develop the country past being another corrupt gas and oil supplier . 
  now had putin not come to power , would these other things have been done ? 
  my guess is ` no ' . 
  the russian political system is such that only the most power-hungry and merciless will rise to the top . 
  unfortunately i think the only thing that can transition russia is a divestment from gas and oil . 
  i wo n't get into the violation of territory that is already well-known . 
  it 's not because of any historical ignorance . 
  if you talk to us politicians without cameras , they will flat out tell you it was a genocide . 
  the problem is that turkey is a key strategic ally in nato and they are critically located for us interests in the middle east and against russia . 
  the us can not afford to offend them . 
  serious question : does the eu have any kind of guest worker program ? 
   it 's actually against intl law to accept refugees if you 're not a bordering country . 
  that 's just not true . 
  let 's look at my dad 's case : hungarian who fled to austria . 
  there were 200,000 of them . 
  very few if any were sent back . 
  after being interned for a few months , most were resettled in other countries all over the eu and into north and south america . 
  as far as i know , there was never any expectation that they would go back . 
  this was all done through the un . 
   refugees are supposed to return home eventually . 
  also not true . 
  otherwise the us would n't have any vietnamese/korean/hungarian / polish/etc descendants from their parent/grandparent refugees , who are all still here . 
  ideally refugees will go back after the conflict or problem is over , but there is by no means a guarantee that will happen . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why there needs to be european cooperation and a clear policy . 
  maybe they only get assistance if they are in the country they are assigned to and lose it otherwise ? 
  but you ca n't deport political refugees . 
  that 's actually against international law . 
  sometimes that is simply not possible . 
  source : my dad was a refugee . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not qualified to answer that . 
  my point is that there are legitimate refugees . 
  they should be accepted and integrated . 
  the issue is that they are a small percentage of the total migrant population . 
  there are poor people everywhere . 
  europe can not feasibly take in all of them . 
  this is n't the 19th century anymore where unskilled labor could just move right in and start a life : we have modern , developed economies that require skillsets that most of the migrants do n't have . 
  if there is legitimate fear for their life , then they can stay , just as with any other political refugee . 
  if there is n't a guest worker program in the eu , one should be created . 
  but otherwise people who are coming in who do n't have a good reason for crossing over should be sent back to send a message that it is n't going to work . 
  otherwise you will open a flood gate that is impossible to stop , given that europe 's borders are fluid from many different directions . 
  this will change . 
  as europe becomes more urbanized and the population shrinks a bit , many previously inhabited areas will `` go dark '' . 
  not for a while though . 
  when you realize that most modern languages have borrowed words over their evolution , this is n't that bad .
