  a couple of things : the numbers are in terms of quads , which specifies the total energy content of the fuel being used , not the useful energy harnessed by it . 
  that 's going to skew in favor of fossil fuels by a huge amount because renewables are only accounted for how much electricity they produce and nothing else . 
  a ton of coal that only gets 1 joule of energy extracted from it is still going to be rated by the total energy content of the entire ton . 
  i was generally speaking about electrical generation . 
  these tables are energy from all sources , not just electrical . 
  that 's going to skew things a bit for gas/coal again because it 's used for a lot of other things and includes transportation . 
   renewables went from 6.106 to 9,634 . 
  ( and more than half that increase was biomass ) . 
  correct , but this increase is also happening as hydro has been declining ( most likely from the drought in the southwest ) . 
  the biofuel increase is most likely from corn ethanol being mixed with gasoline ( not related to electricity ) . 
  if you look at the [ electrical production ] ( http://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/monthly/pdf/sec7_6.pdf ) , wind and solar combined are almost delivering the same amount of electricity as hydro ( this year will probably top it ) . 
  in a few years , total renewables will be larger than the nuclear sector . 
  i do n't know how the about the entire eu , but 2014 was the first year in modern history where energy-related co2 emissions were stagnant while the global economy grew . 
  it 's the first sign of the decoupling of carbon emissions and economic growth . 
  this is true too , but renewables have grown to cover the growth in power demand over the past 5 years ( i.e. 
  total fossil fuel electricity generation remained flat or has slightly decreased ) . 
  couple that with what you said , and you get a net decrease in emissions . 
  renewables are accelerating faster , so they will start to make progress against coal and gas over the next few years . 
  we still need gas to cover the gaps between solar and wind until energy storage is affordable , so for now , it 's a good relationship . 
  either way , coal is just dead . 
  it 's not variable like gas so it can not adapt to renewables , and tightening environmental regulations are making it much less cost effective . 
  i understand why the average russian views gorbachev the way they do , but try as i might , i can not think of any other way it could have gone down . 
  there were three main problems : 1 . 
  ussr was not only difficult to administer itself , but it also had to keep half of europe under its thumb too . 
  the command economy was just in shambles and had been stagnant and non-innovative for over a decade . 
  the collapse of oil prices just tipped it over the edge . 
  the ussr 's international profile was for the most part , terrible . 
  there was no way to work on each individual problem by itself . 
  switching to a free-market economy would have sent it into shock , and would have made open rebellion by soviet republics and occupied europe a certainty , with no one caring to help . 
  the ussr could not get loans to cover its bad economy because of its international reputation , which it could not fix without releasing its satellites . 
  the empire was just too much of a drag on the economy ( with or without reforms ) , and liberating europe would only create demand for independence from other soviet republics . 
  if there had been a gradual switch to capitalism starting in the 60-70s , it may have had a chance ( much like how china developed ) . 
  but by the time gorbachev got it , the problems he inherited were just too big to solve . 
  i 'd be happy to read your side of it if you disagree with this assessment , though . 
   in 1970 or 1980 there was nothing certain about the fall of the soviet union . 
  it may not have been a mainstream view , but there were definitely high-level people in the us who publicly said that the ussr was doomed , or at least was in much worse shape than everyone gave it credit for . 
  reagan was well-known for this , just to name one . 
  oh man , is there video of this ? 
  i would love to see it . 
   but it ignores transport entirely transport is n't being ignored , it 's just that electricity generation is an easier to tackle problem right now where a larger impact can be felt , and you 're going to need renewables anyway when the switch to electric happens . 
  batteries have gotten ridiculously cheap lately and there 's massive investment in new battery technologies . 
  almost every major car company realizes that ev is here to stay this time and they almost all have some kind of electric car for sale or in development . 
  there 's also a lot of money being thrown into biofuels for things like airplanes and shipping , which ca n't be feasibly electric powered for a long time . 
  i know things are not moving as fast as many would like , but you have to realize that transforming the entire energy sector of the world as quickly as possible is a daunting task . 
  it can not be done overnight . 
   and coal power stations can be made safe by adding filters to the chimneys . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  co2 is not easy to capture . 
  you need a syngas coal plant to be able to do that , and those are very expensive . 
  there 's also the problem of where to store the captured co2 . 
   or switch to gas-powered stations ( which give off less emissions ) where is germany going to get the gas ? 
  ( hint : russia , that country that they have bad relations with right now ) . 
  russian gas is also extremely expensive compared to elsewhere because russia essentially has a monopoly on it ( it is difficult to ship without a pipeline ) . 
  renewables are gaining ground incredibly fast in the us . 
  as someone already mentioned , emissions have already fallen from 10 years ago . 
  coal has been collapsing as a fuel source since 2008 . 
  it 's going to fall a lot more in the next year or so as about 1/5 ( and probably more ) of coal plants are being taken offline because of new environmental regulations ( though many will be replaced with gas plants until some kind of energy storage can be figured out ) , and many transmission line projects will be completed which will interconnect some regional grids and allow excess wind/solar power to be pumped to neighboring grids . 
  new co2 regulations go into effect in a few years that will shutter most of the remaining coal plants ( assuming the next president does n't reverse them ) . 
  we have finally reached the turning point . 
  renewables are cost effective and predictable enough to be useful , and the grid interconnections will eliminate the need for a lot of baseload plants . 
  i hope long after i 'm dead , someone will find my bones and put me in a glass case for future people to gawk at . 
  it would be kind of a nice legacy , really . 
  i feel sad for the miners but coal has got to go . 
  it 's damaging to the environment and the miner 's health . 
  i hope they can get another job somehow . 
  it 's alright . 
  it was just meant to be a mildly funny joke about british imperialism :p, 
  well , your flair * does * say that you are in london . 
  last i checked , there was indeed discussion/plans to do exactly that . 
  iceland 's geothermal is largely untapped because of the small number of people on the island . 
   100 % renewable electricity production is science fiction . 
  it 's doable . 
  just one main problem remains : energy storage for power when sun is down and wind is n't blowing . 
  this is still a decade off , most likely . 
  until then some fossils will remain to take care of this shortfall . 
  the cost is n't as much of a problem as you make it seem . 
  solar and wind levelized costs are already close to electricity rates right now . 
  there is extra cost to switching over to a new infrastructure to be sure but it is n't as crippling as you think . 
  if rolled out en masse in its current form , it would only add a few cents/kwh to electricity rates . 
  renewables are also getting cheaper every year , so the cost differential should disappear soon enough . 
  thanks for this post . 
   you overestimate the azerbaijani military , as most third party analysts agree that an azerbaijani military offensive would fail almost immediately . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i 'm not doubting you or anything , i 'm genuinely curious to see a good analysis of the situation . 
  regardless of current military strength , my pessimism is based on a few key factors : 1 . 
  azerbaijan has about 3x the population as armenia . 
  armenia 's population is also decreasing while azerbaijan 's is still increasing ( through more slowly as fertility has decreased ) . 
  azerbaijan has over 2x the gdp/capita as armenia ( or over 6x the gdp ) . 
  armenia 's gdp has been stagnant for about 5 years now . 
  azerbaijan 's has grown tremendously , and will do so for a while with the new gas pipelines they have set up . 
  armenia 's diplomatic situation is precarious . 
  it has two countries on each side who do not have relations with it . 
  georgia has relations , but they are not great . 
  iran is the only neighbor who has good relations , but iran also does n't really offer much in terms of global diplomacy either ( this has also helped azeri-israeli relations ) i agree that it is in russia 's best interest to keep things how they are , but this situation can not last forever . 
  at some point the political situation in russia could change , or russia ( or another player ) could decide to pivot to azerbaijan , or something else entirely could happen . 
  i think even with the military issues you described ( of which i 'm admittedly not too familiar ) , these are long-term liabilities for armenia that are only going to be more problematic . 
  more importantly , i also agree that the eu should just stay out of it . 
  there is quite literally nothing to gain except ire and it will make many other diplomatic situations worse , or at least more awkward . 
  the protection may last decades or even centuries , but no security arrangement lasts forever . 
   i 'd love for the eu to take a hand in helping this conflict come to a peaceful conclusion i do n't think that 's possible at this point .
