  it 's not a problem `` going in with overwhelming force , killing people we do n't like , and everything is good after that '' . 
  after all , the west was massively wrong on what the libya intervention was going to accomplish in the first place . 
  there 's no reason to think that they would be right again . 
  the libya situation is going to have to solve itself first . 
  then whoever is in power gets negotiated with if possible . 
  i completely agree that this is a european problem , and not an italian one though . 
  i do n't think many of those countries realize that this is n't a sustainable solution , even if their countries are getting skipped over by migrants . 
   if they come from a country that commits human rights abuses , they 're getting sent to libya . 
  if they refuse to say where they are from , they 're getting sent to libya . 
  yeah , that 's illegal . 
  you ca n't actually do that . 
  i 'm looking at this at level to level comparison . 
  it may be admittedly crude , but i see it this way : - the federal government/central bank are equivalent to the eu/ecb . 
  they issue and control the currency - states are like countries in the eu . 
  they use the currency , and they can issue bonds , but there is no cooperation between the federal government and the individual states in terms of debt management or fiscal policy . 
  - states also run huge pension funds and healthcare funds . 
  you 're right that ss is done at federal level , but so is military ( which states do not pay for ) . 
  national healthcare is bit more complicated , with much of it being cost-shared in some way . 
  - as you stated , the only significant difference here is that the eu as an entity does n't issue bonds , while the federal government does . 
  but i fail to see how that distinction would make a difference in this particular case . 
  or is there something i 'm missing ? 
  so i can understand that germany et al bailed out their banks , but how does that come at the expense of greece ? 
  or is this a matter of : germany had x amount of money to fix this crisis , and they spent on themselves rather than trying to fix everything ? 
   the lack of fiscal union underpinning the single currency is the heart of europe 's current debt crisis . 
  so i 'm admittedly not great on macroeconomics , but is this really necessary ? 
  the states in the us have vastly different tax and financial policies , but have no say in monetary policy . 
  they raise and are responsible for their own bonds . 
  as far as i can tell , this is close to the same policy for the eu ( all countries are responsible for their own debt ) . 
  why is the lack of fiscal union considered to be so bad here ? 
  i can tell from this statement that you did n't read a single page of the document i linked to . 
  it 's no where near as easy as you are making it out to be . 
  actually , you are , because they showed up in your country and requested asylum , so you at least have to process them . 
  do you not know how asylum works ? 
  because it sounds like you do n't have a clue . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3e59de764.pdf ) can give you a better idea of what 's involved . 
  even if you think they are lying as soon as they show up , you still need to process them . 
  if they are found lying , they can be deported but then the problem becomes : deport them to where ? 
  and how ? 
  not to mention most of them disappear so now you need to devote significant resources to tracking them down . 
  it 's a huge mess . 
  it can be argued that the convention on refugees does n't work the way it 's supposed to in the modern era , and should be reworked , and i think that would be an accurate statement . 
  i do n't think anyone in power is seriously discussing this though . 
  otherwise the only other realistic short-term option europe has is to try to close the border . 
  boats headed for europe are sent back to the country of registration or otherwise turned around . 
  land crossings are made more difficult to cross . 
  it will look bad internationally , and it will cost quite a bit of money , but the idea is that migrants will get the idea that they will not be automatically accepted . 
  it will not stop migrants entirely , but the massive flow that is there now would decrease substantially to something more manageable . 
   we 're trying to establish origin of `` refugee '' and if dna suggests that person is from senegal , not mali , if the person has no documents to show he/she 's from mali , etc , we have a reason to doubt the person 's story . 
  but this is n't a reliable indicator of someone 's geographic origin , even in africa . 
  i 'm not sure how else to make that clear . 
  some ethnic groups are split by borders . 
  which country do you send them back to ? 
  people also migrate and mix . 
  countries like liberia have mixed populations where there is no dominant genetic marker . 
   that 's like trying to find out who 's the parent of a child and suddenly the dna results suggest that the `` father '' is not a father . 
  will you doubt dna results ? 
  you 're deliberately conflating two different things . 
  no , i do n't doubt that a dna test could tell me who the father is . 
  this still does n't tell me anything about citizenship , which is what you need to deport someone . 
  and you 've completely ignored the main point : you can not force another country to take refugees like this , even if you genetically prove that they are 100 % from that region . 
  they are legally well within their right to prevent you from doing that unless you can prove that they are citizens , which you ca n't . 
  everything you 're suggesting is not legal by international law . 
  yes , it is n't fair , but this is the way it is . 
  if this is not acceptable , then you need to change unchr conventions . 
  ... which means fuck all for trying to establish citizenship or a definite geographic origin . 
   dna says senegal , it means senegal and we have all the proof we need . 
  send him to senegal with a paper explaining test results and that 's it . 
  dna evidence is not used by any country i know of to establish citizenship . 
  senegel is not required under any law to take any people because you say they are citizens , no matter what dna or tooth evidence you have . 
  that 's just not going to work . 
  but there 's no way to actually use this for enforcement . 
  here 's an example conversation with a refugee : you : hey , your dna profile says you are from senegal which does n't have any wars or problems going on refugee : oh , my parents emigrated just over the border to mali before i was born and this was before proper paperwork could be done so we have no proof of senegalese citizenship and we ca n't go back . 
  we got dragged into the conflict in mali against our will . 
  and now what are you going to do ? 
  argue that this guy 's family history is a lie ? 
  with what evidence ? 
  it 's also complicated by the fact that many ethnic groups are fluid across borders ( thanks european colonialism ! ), 
  or had intermixed with others over the past centuries and decades . 
  there are much better ways of trying to prove that someone is n't a legitimate refugee , such as finding inconsistencies in their story . 
  right , but is this design so specific that someone could n't just modify their assembly line to make this format pellet/rod instead ? 
  or is it a lot more than that ? 
  or is this one of those `` if you run anything but our fuel in the reactor then we are not held responsible for any reactor malfunction ? '', 
  things ? 
  no idea . 
  i was just pointing out that nuclear ( and indeed most energy ) is subsidized below market in some form . 
  most of us nuclear power would be above market if it were not subsidized . 
  but russia does n't have a monopoly on uranium . 
  could n't hungary just get it from elsewhere if they needed to ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  i 'm guessing most or all of them do n't have kids . 
  i used to have some funny ideas about what parenting would be like and that got thrown out the window within the first few days . 
  i wonder if they think giving a stern talking to is the same as verbal abuse ? 
  or that cleaning them while giving a bath is the same as sexual molestation ? 
  because obviously if there 's no line , then these are all the same , right ? 
  you know nothing about me , my family , or my children . 
  right , because a slap on the hand is the same as a beating . 
  do you even hear yourself ? 
  oh sure , i agree there . 
  i 've seen people take it way too far or they use it inappropriately . 
  for me , this is one of those things that seems impossible to legislate because no one can come up with a clear definition that ca n't be abused .
