  for some reason it 's not discussed in any cold war books or documentaries . 
  it 's like they did n't exist . 
  edit : accidentally a word . 
  i did not know this . 
  thanks !, 
  so ... french ? 
  i kid , i kid :p, 
  [ it seems that ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nationality_law#dual_nationality ) you should be able to keep your spanish citizenship along with another country 's if you do it right . 
  in that case , i do n't see any downside . 
  but costs are important to people . 
  it may seem insulting , but people really do choose their vacations based on how much they will spend . 
  i recall nyc was extremely popular with euro-holding tourists about 5-6 years ago because the exchange rate was so great for them . 
  now it could backfire if they make it seem like a 3rd world country , but i 'm going to guess that the average brit does n't see romania that way . 
  you have nato , and even if the us was n't in it , you have two nuclear powers as an umbrella . 
  not to mention that russia using force does n't help them at all in modern diplomacy . 
  what i 'm talking about is economic superiority and soft power , and everyone else other than russia has the upper hand here . 
  you do n't become even moderately successful in politics by being insane or a complete asshole all the time . 
  politics is a bit more than just giving speeches . 
  maybe his hatred of muslims trumps his hatred of gypsies ? 
  - i met a norwegian once and he said `` fuck sweden '' - they 're obsessed with doing unnatural things to fish ( lutefisk , etc ) . 
  - tons of them ( or their descendants , rather ) in minnesota . 
  - not in the eu - fjords - icelandic is an older form of norwegian, 
  although i 'm sure there 's a lot of nostalgia for it , i do n't think it 's enough to completely explain why russia would go so far as to threaten countries outright and do things that would be considered reckless for a smaller nation . 
  much of it can be explained by putin 's distrust of the us ( which is n't altogether misplaced ) and eu ( and especially ) nato expansion ( which russia sees as an expansion of us influence to places that were traditionally russia 's ) . 
  combine that with russia 's impotence to influence events and governments around it such as the bombing of kosovo , and you see why they want to expand this so much . 
  they realize that the threat of force for the most part is a discredited form of foreign policy that will only isolate them , so all they have to use are economic incentives/threats . 
  and for those kinds of threats to mean anything , you need a large common market , hence the union . 
  yes , it can currently be found in romania . 
  it 's basically this : common markets and monetary unions can exert a lot of power and influence in the world . 
  the one thing you need to make these unions effective in this way is a large population . 
  you 'll notice all the big superpowers ( including the old soviet union ) are like this . 
  russia 's eurasian union has about 170m people . 
  compare that with 500m eu ( and still expanding ) , 350m us , 1b china , 1b india , etc. 
  basically putin is terrified of the day when the eu can start to dictate terms to them instead of the other way around . 
  the eu could decide to cut off imports from russia to get better oil prices ( an extremely unlikely example , but the principle still stands ) . 
  joining the eu is n't an option for them because then they dilute the influence they have now . 
  so their solution has to be to create an economic union that they control . 
  so of course , he 's doing everything he can possibly do to bring people into this union because he knows what 's at stake . 
  unfortunately ( or fortunately , depending on how you look at it ) , they are trying to strong-arm countries into it , and too many people still remember the soviets to be able to overlook that . 
  long term , this also affects defense policy and security since a large economy is better able to defend itself . 
  tl ; dr : russia needs to expand their union if they want to remain a superpower . 
  yep . 
  well , it 's a complicated situation ( and i might be wrong here too ) , but you have assad and his supporters , you have rebels of all varying types , and kurds , etc. 
  if assad stays in power , people who were against him ca n't return . 
  if rebels take power , assad supporters ca n't return . 
  depending on what faction of rebels take power , shia muslims ca n't return because they might be cleansed . 
  a heavy islamic government might take power so `` moderate '' families would have difficulty returning , etc. 
  it 's really complicated and obviously we wo n't know for a while when it 's all over , but at the least this looks to be a long conflict so there 's a very real possibility of sweden having stateless people for over a decade , with families being born in that time . 
  now if it does turn out that many ca n't return , then what will probably happen is that other governments will also step in and settle some of them in their own country . 
  this may be true , but after the civil war is settled , one faction will be in control , and a large segment of the refugees will not be able to be sent back because they could be killed or persecuted . 
  * i 'm not arguing against what sweden is doing ( i think it 's commendable ) , just saying that a lot of the people coming in are n't going back . 
  that was 20 years ago . 
  the situation has changed drastically since then in azerbaijan 's favor . 
  armenia probably still has an edge right now , but it 's rapidly narrowing . 
  this is not unexpected . 
  i imagine if armenia did n't join the union , russia would easily just decide to remove [ all of their forces stationed in armenia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_102nd_military_base ) and say `` you 're on your own '' . 
  it is ( mostly ) that army that is guaranteeing armenia 's security . 
  without it , azerbaijan would have an advantage and start invasion shortly thereafter . 
  i have no doubt that armenia would prefer to join the eu but they do n't really have a choice . 
  the soviet system was such that form was more important than function . 
  to get the reactors built and operating on schedule and without high cost , safety had to take a backseat . 
  the designs themselves were also quite dated and inherently unstable . 
  now as to modern russia , i do not know how safe those would be considered . 
  i think it also depends on what they consider a cop . 
  they may not be counting federal level enforcement like fbi or other investigative entities and that will skew the numbers somewhat . 
  i 'd be very surprised if they came out ahead . 
  i do n't think there 's been a modern olympics that was ever profitable for the host city/country . 
  komrade , use much too many c 's . 
  c 's needed for war effort !, 
  use k or s instead !, 
  - the latvian orthodox church priests wear funny hats and it 's a regular religion that does n't mutilate squirrels . 
  - someone with kavoorka ( animal spirit ) is irresistible to the opposite sex and they have take a ritual garlic bath to rid themselves of the curse . 
  - not a fan of russia, 
  i 'm only upvoting this because of it 's hilarity and not because i actually believe any of it . 
  did n't the government have to take out a higher interest loan to pay off the imf one ? 
  also , the economy is rapidly recovering as fast as nazi germany ? 
  really ? 
  do people actually believe this ? 
  hungarian because it 's the language of my ancestors . 
  finnish because it sounds just like hungarian except i ca n't understand a word of it . 
  polish because it sounds like a unpronounceable mass of consonants and it 's also spelled the same way . 
  i also like the aesthetics of the cyrillic-written languages and how they look on paper . 
  not sure why . 
  i also want to work in germany at some point so i guess german as well ? 
  i know people in real life who really believe that : / the extremes of both parties are absolutely batshit crazy . 
  because europeans have hundreds of years of proof of what happens when you involve yourself in other country 's business . 
  it does n't usually end well . 
  this war needs to be solved by those fighting it . 
  the best you can do in this situation is to tend to the refugees . 
  [ freedom 's fury ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=why3cp9x5fa&amp;list=pl8d80b6c21b732823 ) it 's the story of the hungarian water polo team during and after the 1956 hungarian revolution and the famous [ blood in the water match ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_in_the_water_match ) . 
  if you want a more hollywood feel to the same story , you can also watch the ( non-documentary ) [ children of glory ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0486219/ ), 
  the garbage collector gets paid for the dumpster rental either way and it 's less they have to dispose of . 
  they definitely do n't care if you take anything . 
  i think i 've seen that look . 
  i 'm hungarian , but born and raised in america . 
  whenever i talk to some of my relatives over there , i sometimes get the vibe that they 're thinking i 'm just a rich asshole who is visiting to see how the peasants live . 
  pretty much anyone from a high gdp country will get this . 
  they have n't had the same opportunities and think we have it much easier ( which is perhaps not unfounded ) . 
  or i 'm just paranoid . 
  theapatheist is right , it 's at worst just a mild contempt .
