  there will be obviously differences such as activities and some mannerisms , but to me that 's all pretty minor . 
  i 'm american and i immensely dislike when other americans say this . 
  anyone who says this basically has n't traveled to europe , or if they have , they only went to the touristy locations that are generically similar in many ways ( such as everything being in english ) . 
  i ca n't think of any subjective metric where this is true . 
  i 've been to north dakota , texas , california , georgia , etc. 
  and you know what ? 
  other than some minor local custom variations , and a few different stores , they 're all pretty much the same . 
  the tv has all the same shows and news . 
  i guess you have some local areas like chinatowns where it sort of looks like a different country , but that 's really stretching it . 
  my dad was a refugee from the hungarian revolution . 
  if he had been sent back , it 's very likely he would 've faced severe prison time , and possibly execution . 
  he had no trouble getting accepted into austria , and was then later accepted into the us . 
  they did all the paperwork on the boat and he was set up with a job through the catholic church . 
  at no point in his story did he indicate that there was a chance he could have been sent back . 
  it was quite clear that the west was willing to take as many as possible . 
  so to answer your question : during the cold war , no . 
  it was n't done because 1 . 
  those people would face certain jailtime just for even escaping and 2 . 
  it was an easy propaganda win for the west . 
  however , the one exception i know is that the us will stripe you of refugee status ( and even citizenship ) and deport you if you lie on your refugee/naturalization paperwork ( covering up unsavory activities ) . 
  i used to live next to a lithuanian who ended up being a war criminal who killed tons of innocent people in ww2 , but he left all of this off of his refugee form when he got to the us . 
  they found out about this in 1994 and he was striped of citizenship and deported . 
  obviously this was n't during the cold war , but i imagine the same held true during it . 
  the adoption ban was also in response to problems some families were having with their russian adopted children , because , well , state-run orphanages are not great for children . 
  i believe there was a highly-publicized case where an american family sent their uncontrollable child back to russia . 
  there was also a case of a family who left their child in the car on a hot day and it died of heat stoke . 
  i think those two cases gave popular support to the law . 
  i agree that they are shooting themselves in the foot with this . 
  children brought up in state-run orphanages are basically set for a dismal life of crime ( using the romanian orphanages as an example ) . 
  it 's actually better for them in the long run to let them go . 
  i do n't think that 's the point . 
  that land was settled with russians after latvia was annexed . 
  it 's stolen land , and should n't be given away for something that was forced on them . 
  `` the lamps are going out all over europe , we shall not see them lit again in our life-time '', 
  no , their teeth are in good order . 
  we need to sell some tanks and planes to that american fellow in charge of estonia . 
  this simply is n't going to work the way you think it will . 
  ruining some property is not going to magically make people who do n't care about human civilation suddenly change their mind . 
  your movement will get coopted or discredited in the end . 
  and if things are that controlled by wealthy elites , they already control or heavily influence the election system as well . 
  rioting will accomplish only.modest concessions . 
  what you want is a revolution ( many mistakenly confuse rioting with revolution , but they are not the same ) . 
  let 's face it , most young people in any eu country are n't going to sit well with that . 
  that 's literally storming a government building and executing politicians ( or making them flee for their lives ) , killing or neutralizing political rivals , intimidating or threatening supporters of the old system , appropriating property , etc. 
  you will need to forcibly extract power . 
  if these people are as nefarious as you claim them to be , this will quite literally be the only way to do it . 
  are you willing to kill people and watch them die , then order more to be killed , including what are likely to be innocent people ? 
  because if the answer is `` no '' which is what i suspect most people 's answer will be , you are wasting yours and everyone else 's time . 
  i really hate to be gruesome like that , but i hear so many people yell to fight the power , and they really do n't grasp the full implications of what they are saying . 
  good luck getting armenia into that . 
  not only is the tension between armenia and azerbaijan so great that it 's unlikely you 'll be able to even get them into the same planning meeting , but armenia is n't going to risk pissing off russia . 
  russia has troops stationed there to prevent azerbaijan from invading , and russia will pull those out as soon as it looks like they 've lost influence . 
   the energy argument does n't really work , since both workplace and homes have ac nowadays . 
  but you do n't need to run the ac at home nearly as much . 
  i cite a paper [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/21ufnq/ending_daylight_saving_time_in_the_eu_is_there_a/cggw0w2 ) that shows energy usage definitely did increase after dst was implemented in my state . 
  sure , definitely . 
  but even in that case , i would personally prefer that since the energy usage will be about equal , the non-dst case would be simpler , and therefore better . 
  implementing dst in my area has been definitively shown to be worse for energy usage , though . 
  [ here 's a nytimes article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2014/03/06/daylight-saving-time-at-what-cost/daylight-saving-time-wastes-energy ) , and [ here 's the study ] ( http://www.nber.org/papers/w14429 ) that at least in the case of indiana , switching to dst actually increased electricity usage for exactly the reasons i mentioned . 
  i 'm not convinced that the constant sunrise argument is a terribly good one . 
  i could just as easily argue that going to sleep is made more difficult in the summer because i 'm telling my body to go to sleep just after the sun sets rather than hours later . 
  but that 's just my gut reaction . 
  there might be a paper or something saying i 'm wrong . 
  it does , but you can make the argument that it 's more efficient that way , since they 're expensive commercial units , or that you have more people sharing the same space , so the energy gets used more efficiently , and ideally you could avoid running the home ac most days , rather than running it at home and at work . 
  even if the difference is negligible , i think that 's still reason enough to stop dst since it 's easier for everyone . 
  one reason i hate it is because it 's not useful anymore . 
  initially , it was to save energy by making the work day and home evening overlap with as much sunlight as possible , saving energy because people would n't need to turn on their lights as much . 
  the problem is that the opposite situation is true now : lighting is cheap and energy efficient , and air conditioning is one of the main consumers of energy . 
  you want people out of the home when it 's hot , and then to come home when it 's dark , to avoid running the ac as much as possible . 
  dst messes that up . 
  edit : clarity . 
   i also know that in france , larger companies are forced to employ a small percentage of handicapped people . 
  they 're forced and there are incentives in terms of tax cuts i believe . 
  granted , i 'm not handicapped , but i would find this insulting . 
  i would hope to be hired because i add value to the company or because my skills are useful , not because i satisfy some legal requirement or quota . 
  so what 's the standard practice for this ? 
  if i 'm in a wheelchair , will people who work in the building help you out , or should you assume that you will need to do everything yourself ? 
  i imagine at some old churches or castles ( where the stairs are incredibly steep and narrow ) , this is impossible unless they carry you themselves without the chair . 
  europe , i 'm sorry . 
  and the worst thing is that i have lots of friends who really love this movie :( edit : apparently i touched a nerve . 
  seriously , i hate this kind of movie . 
  i do n't hate it because it makes fun of europe , i hate it because the jokes are n't even clever . 
  the stereotypes were lazy and exaggerated to the point it just cringe-inducing . 
  i mean , really , germany and a hitler joke ? 
  come on . 
  the more apt term is [ `` and you are lynching negros !, 
  '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a joke in bad taste . 
  this is likely in response to the chechen war and other terrorist bombings that russia has endured over the past decade or so . 
  not defending this , obviously , just saying that this kind of stuff does n't form in a vacuum . 
  some animal protection people have a warped sense of morality and actually think going to a zoo and killing the animal quickly and painlessly is better than having them continue living in captivity . 
  i 'm not sure where i was going with that , so uh ... enjoy . 
  did the flamingos say something insulting about muhammad ( peace be upon him ) ? 
  right , which is why i stated that it was the border regions . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:etnos0.gif ) a map of the oblast that shows the ethnic make-up . 
  obviously , even if this partition somehow happened , i would think that taking the whole oblast would be stupid for the reason you mentioned . 
  it would also be stupid for much more pragmatic reasons : romania/slovakia/serbia would have a colossal shit fit and immediately start repealing any autonomy provisions , unless ukraine willingly and freely gave it up ( which it wo n't ) . 
  well , at least poland and hungary would have a common border again . 
  otherwise this is just lines on a map drawn by a crazy person .
