  now i believe there is agreement that if the fracking is done * properly * by the regulations , this is n't likely to happen , but i 'm admittedly not as sure about that . 
  it 's one of those things that the federal government looks the other way unless it 's particularly egregious because it considers reduction of ghg to be a more pressing issue . 
  personally i think that 's a good thing . 
  fracking is creating a huge number of earthquakes in oklahoma and is slowly poisoning the groundwater . 
  the only good thing about it is that it is displacing coal for electrical generation , so ghg emissions have been decreasing . 
  perhaps not , but not cooperating with nato on missions like these does n't win you any favors either . 
  it makes it less likely anyone will want to help you . 
   or that we would have to join offensive wars started by its member states , which are also wrong . 
  to be fair to them , this is n't unfounded . 
  nato has bombed serbia and libya , just to name two countries , for non-defensive reasons . 
  they just park the truck at the front of the fire and then have putin give it a telephone call . 
  the fire then declares its eternal loyalty to glorious putin and puts itself out . 
  i thought that was chocolate , not shit ? 
  nah , we give lots of money . 
  we just need to completely level the country first . 
  i would n't say they are equally true at all . 
  looks like sliven to me . 
  before people start reading too much into the map : it does n't specify what height above the ground the full-load hours are for . 
  that makes an enormous difference . 
  in general , the higher up you go , the better the wind overall . 
  if this map is for very low height ( say , 50m ) , then it 's not really indicative of real potential because new turbines are at 120m with new ones being developed for 140m . 
  after doing a quick search through the thesis , the author assumes an 80m hub height , which is about one generation old now . 
  also , the technique she uses to derive this map comes with the following caveat :  one should keep in mind , that this simplified assumption may lead to an underestimation of the wind speeds at hub height in particular in complex and uneven terrains finally , not to denigrate the author because i 'm sure this is fine work for this topic , but this is the work of a single person ( with maybe a few helpers ) for a few years working for a dissertation . 
  broader studies from organizations that spend lots of money and manpower to accurately model and measure wind speed characteristics are likely to be much more accurate . 
  for those saying that their area is terrible : i live in an area with very little wind by the ground and was considered for decades to be a poor location for wind power . 
  that is until new measurements about 10-15 years ago showed huge potential at the then new 80m hub height turbines . 
  now there 's lots of farms by me and more are being built . 
  fool me once , shame on you ... 
  to be fair to yanukovych , there probably was n't a whole lot he could realistically do . 
  fixing the economy would require drastic action , and certainly a western economic orientation . 
  he knew that doing this would have caused problems with russia ( and it 's clear now that he was warned as much by putin ) , and unfortunately russia 's development model is to have oligarchs and keep their partner subservient and dependent on moscow . 
  i mean , yanokovych was still corrupt as hell and obviously made things worse as he personally benefited , but i do n't think things would have been substantially better with someone else . 
  i now await a ukrainian to reply telling me how wrong i am . 
   but have you seen what his replacements are campaigning on ? 
  hillary clinton is the most ` peaceful ' and she argued for troops on the ground in ukraine within first months . 
  the conservative candidates are all gung-ho about standing up to russia militarily . 
  just an fyi , whatever the potential candidates are saying right now is completely meaningless . 
  everything they say right now is to gain political support from various constituencies during the party selection phase . 
  anything `` crazy '' that is said now will be repudiated after they get the candidacy with various excuses such as `` the situation has changed '' or `` i was misquoted '' . 
  this is part of the process . 
  this is also somewhat true during the election campaign when it 's down to the two final candidates , though things will be decidedly less crazy . 
  threats will be much more vague at this stage like `` all options are on the table '' . 
  it 's unlikely the next president will do anything suicidal like this , no matter what party they are from . 
  tl ; dr : do n't take anything said by possible candidates seriously right now . 
  it 's just political theater . 
   the payments are at the minimum of existence in germany right , but what i 'm saying is that instead of cash , it should be in the form of a coupon that is directly tied to that person and can not be resold or used in any other way . 
  it prevents fraud ( assuming that fraud is a problem here ) or grey market use of the money . 
   there are a number of regulations that prevent them from getting a job easily that 's a problem , but even if the red tape did n't exist , what jobs would they do ? 
  i imagine most migrants are not educated beyond grade school and the manufacturing jobs for that are long gone . 
  i 'm not sure it 's such a good idea to give them cash like that . 
  i would have to ask to make sure , but i do n't believe my dad got any of that when he was a refugee . 
  this was about 60 years ago though . 
  he was given food and board in a camp until paperwork could be sorted out and he was sent to his destination country . 
  even then , i think he was lined up with a job instead of free money . 
  that was back in the days when finding manufacturing work was pretty easy though . 
  i realize those days are over now so that 's not an option . 
  regardless , the focus should be on providing necessities and not cash . 
   you will be given an apartment , 500 eur , and some documentation to bring over a wife and children ( who are likely sitting in a crappy refugee camp ) is this actually true , or is this some rumor that keeps going around ? 
  they also had quotas in universities for jews . 
  the quotas placed a limit to what percentage of the new students could be jewish . 
  hungary : best : zoltan or atilla . 
  both sound like badass warriors . 
  worst : csaba ( pronounced chuba , similar to chubby ) . 
  it almost sounds like an insult . 
  [ i 've always liked this one . 
   i also forgot . 
  house of lords reform . 
  fuck having a legislature full of defeated politicians , hereditary members and church of england bishops . 
  this is n't the fucking 17th century . 
  i 'm not qualified to say anything about the house of lords , but i think there is value in having some kind of political body that is outside normal democratic processes to act as a safety valve . 
  sometimes democracies can go in bad directions , or there will be irrational reactions to events , and it helps to have some kind of moderator to that . 
  in many cases this is a monarchy with a lot of soft or hidden power , but it could manifest itself in different ways . 
  i think that 's the point . 
  they want to be the `` pure '' representatives of islam . 
  kind of similar to how extreme orthodox jews do n't view reform jews as real jews . 
  i 'll give a non-standard response because most of what everyone else is proposing is just solving the end product and not the ingredients . 
  people can decide for themselves whether it is tenable or not . 
  i 'm just going to follow simple logic : what branch of islam is considered extremist or dangerous ? 
  almost always wahhabism . 
  why does it propagate or spread ? 
  because saudi arabia funds the crap out of it and encourages it . 
  so to put it simply : if you want to minimize radical islam , then the source of saudi money , influence , and power must be removed . 
  and that 's oil . 
  without oil money , saudi arabia 's global influence almost disappears entirely . 
  now this wo n't kill it entirely , but all these preachers and their followers suddenly wo n't have the money to sit around all day and protest or recruit people . 
  it 's still fundamentally the same problem : you 're trying to engineer population dynamics and transitions that historically have not responded to government edicts . 
  not even romania was able to do this when it banned birth control and abortions and had a police state to enforce it ( and it could be argued that this policy created many more problems than it solved ) . 
  things like pensions or pay as you go systems are fundamentally insolvent because of this . 
  they should not be relied on at all . 
  a different model of retirement should be looked at that is n't as dependent on the demographic structure . 
  retirement ages will need to be raised at a minimum . 
  what the rest will look like , i 'm not qualified to say . 
  these are economic problems . 
  i also agree that they are serious problems . 
  but relying on unending population growth can not be looked upon as a way to solve them . 
  at some point simple physics is going create a limit to how many people there can be with a modern standard of living . 
  but he 's right . 
  at some point or another , you ca n't keep relying on population growth to solve everything . 
  the current system is predicated on continued population growth . 
  it simply needs to be reorganized where this is n't the case .
