  it 's a shame you got downvoted , because i think you 're mostly spot on . 
  the us has had the enormous benefit of being far away from any conflict while everyone else destroyed themselves over the past century . 
  this is the source of it 's current power . 
  it has great momentum , but structural problems coupled with poor government decision-making are going to eat away at that over time . 
  the population ( outside of recent immigrants ) has been well insulated from global problems and consequences and does n't look to change anytime soon . 
  i do n't know whether europe will be able to take the mantle back , but i think people in europe are much more sensitive to this given their collective experience and are much better prepared for global and regional problems . 
  that was ... beautiful !, 
  you 're right , but the key difference between the baltics/warsaw pact and the central asian countries is that the european countries had a superpower ( and lots of neighboring countries ) to defend their interests , as well as offer institutional foundations for building a strong democracy . 
  there was and is no such thing in central asia . 
  russia ( and china to some extent ) are the only major players there . 
  any leadership has to keep these in mind . 
   if nazarbayev put kazakhstan 's interests above his own when the ussr dismantled , his country would be in a position somewhere between ukraine and poland almost all of the former soviet states in central asia suffer the same problems . 
  the only one that has arguably made any major progress ( georgia ) was punished for it , because they elected an idiot . 
  like it or not , these dictatorships have stability and institutional memory at dealing with their major neighbors . 
  now it could be argued that they could have done more during the chaotic yeltsin era to fix this , and i think that 's a fair criticism . 
  i do n't dispute that opportunism played a major role in these guys keeping power either . 
  but this is definitely ( at least in my opinion ) a lot more than just some old guys trying to hold onto power for their own selfish ends . 
  i do n't know anything about the internal politics of kazahkstan , so forgive me if this is incorrect : it seems to me that nazarbayev is in power because frankly he understands just how delicate of a position kazahkstan is in . 
  they are bordering a very large , known to be aggressive neighbor , with lots of that country 's ethnic minority within its borders , and that neighbor has shown itself willing to annex those kinds of areas . 
  even worse , there is literally no one who is willing to stick their neck out to help them . 
  they have no one to help with a possible defense in that part of the world ( and it would be indefensible anyway ) . 
  he 's been doing a delicate balancing act between keeping russia happy , and serving their own interests , and he knows that handing control through democratic elections could destabilize the whole thing . 
  so why risk having a free democracy ? 
  i would look at it as an extreme form of finlandization . 
  ( not defending a dictator , obviously , just possibly explaining why they are in power ), 
  russia 's entire political system , going back to the tsar , has been an extremely top-heavy hierarchical organization . 
  yeltsin had some promise in reforming this , but he turned out to be an incompetent leader . 
  it would take an extremely unlikely set of circumstances to change this . 
  the whole system goes to shit . 
  if europe is able to pull a renewable economy off , it would bring an end to the strong-arming of russia . 
  as someone who is filing for patents internationally right now , yes please . 
  i 'm filing for south korea , japan , etc , and for europe i have to at least do germany , france and uk . 
  i do n't see any reason why this ca n't be done centrally , though language translation might get a bit messy . 
  defaulting is the government version of bankruptcy : you get rid of your debts in one swift move , but you make it almost impossible to borrow money in the future without paying a huge penalty ( higher bond yield spreads ) . 
  it 's a drastic move and it 's not a good idea since the economy does n't have a good resource such as oil to fall back on . 
  so which is more proper : slovakian , or slovak ? 
  or are they considered interchangeable ? 
  yep , no doubt . 
  the only good thing i can say is that our corruption is at least a bit more organized and transparent . 
  if a mayor of a smallish town was driving around an audi without a good explanation for it , they would probably get thrown out pretty quick . 
   sounds funny from an american who has first-past-the-post election system . 
  yes , because clearly i support our electoral system just because i live here , and am therefore a hypocrite . 
  anyway , my point is that < 53 % popular vote got a  66 % parliamentary representation . 
  i do n't claim to be an expert on hungarian election law , but to me , that 's a pretty big disconnect . 
  it 's not a big deal until for whatever reason the market one day decides that you 're unlikely to pay it back , and all of sudden your bonds are worthless . 
  unfortunately there 's little warning of this happening until it 's too late . 
  to put it simply : they have to do it this way or else the content owners will just pull the rug out from under them . 
  rightly or wrongly , content owners have all the cards here , and they are adamant that content has to be restricted across geographical boundaries . 
  if netflix does n't play along , then they will just simply deny them access to their content . 
  i do n't live there , but there 's two problems i see : the first is that they got less than 53 % of the popular vote , but because of the way the seats are distributed , they ended up with a supermajority . 
  i do n't really consider that a huge mandate . 
  the other is that even if they did have such a mandate , it 's a huge red flag for only one party to be able to singlehandedly rewrite the whole constitution to their liking . 
  it 's so nice that while my family still there can barely afford to keep the house over their heads , the ruling class is robbing the country blind . 
  i do n't think so . 
  you ca n't change the debt problem without either defaulting or inflating , and both are terrible options . 
  and you ca n't do anything about foreigners owning a lot of capital in the country without forcibly taking it or scaring them away , making your economic position worse for a long time after that . 
  it 's almost like putin wants finland to join nato . 
  uh , i do n't think this single event means anything in terms of the future of the v4 . 
  you still need to vacuum , you just do n't need to do it as often . 
  i 've also heard that they wear out the carpet faster , because their walk algorithm is n't very good and goes over some parts of the carpet several times over in one session . 
  the problem is that even if you live in those cities , almost inevitably you will want to go outside of them , and you 're only realistic option is a car most of the time . 
  the trains/buses do n't go to many places , and they 're very slow . 
  so if you live in seattle ( which has a good subway ) , but want to get to , say , portland , good luck with that . 
  it will be massively inconvenient , take you twice as long than if you drove , and cost a lot less in gas than the tickets . 
  and even if you took a bus , you 're left with the problem of the destination not having a good transportation infrastructure , so you 'd end up renting a car anyway . 
  to give you just a quick idea : my friend happens to actually live in portland and does n't have a car . 
  it took him 2 days to get to seattle because amtrak , by law , has to let commercial trains pass first , which messed up their logistics enough that they had to turn back to the station and wait until the next day . 
  this happened twice . 
  so my take-away from this is that the greek political landscape is much more fragmented than it was about 5 years ago . 
  or am i incorrect ? 
   but it does raise the question of why , and why now ? 
  why ? 
  because both russia and china view us encroachment into central asia as a threat , or detrimental to their interests . 
  why now ? 
  this is n't sudden . 
  [ this is the culmination of about 20 years of increasing cooperation between china and russia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sino-russian_relations ) . 
  but this still lets dual citizens theoretically manipulate elections more so than single citizens . 
  a dual can choose to vote in more closely contested election , or allows them to vote for a party that in one of the countries is unlikely to reach a minimum threshold . 
  if this were organized enough , it could make a dent . 
   they want a new greater hungary where the land is only for hungarians . 
  that is a thoroughly modern idea . 
  i 've always wondered how they planned on doing this . 
  do they talk about just annexing only the ethnically-hungarian parts , or do they quite literally mean the entire old kingdom , and if the latter , what do they do about the other nationalities like the slovaks/serbs/romanians , etc ? 
  i normally would , but this guy was in the film with him , so it 's not second hand or rumored information . 
  this guy was in a documentary called `` hitler 's children '' ( definitely a good watch ) . 
  he 's also [ apparently an opportunist ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4070115,00.html ) . 
  yep , russia is perfectly justified in doing this . 
  for those that may be unaware , this looks like it 's based on a [ famous campaign poster for fidesz ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d7/tessek_valasztani.jpg ) for the first free elections after communism . 
  that 's what it looks like to me , at least . 
  it 's more than population . 
  the us would have had to fight and ship everything extremely far from home , while the soviets had the advantage of being right there . 
  the soviets had also developed a vast system of manufacturing by this point as well . 
  tanks and planes may have been copies of american designs , or maybe inferior quality , but numbers mean everything here . 
  at best , any attack could have maybe brought the soviets back to their borders and then you 'd have to hope that stalin was tired of fighting enough that he would accept the new borders . 
  not likely though . 
  well now , i ca n't wait to see how this will get abused . 
  most countries allow naturalized citizens to be stripped of citizenship , but only for misrepresentation or omission during application . 
  this is the first i 've seen where it is taken away because of an act not relating to that . 
  edit : come on , really ? 
  i know people hate terrorism , but if you ca n't see how this could be abused later on beyond the scope of terrorism , you 're fooling yourself .
