  i do n't think in 1984 it was expected for a break-up to occur . 
  but i am open to different narratives if there are sources for it . 
   every nation is planning for war , but most are n't planning to go to war this is a much better way of putting it , thanks . 
  somewhere , someone gets paid a lot of money to make the flags drape that certain way . 
   two years ago donetsk hosted uefa euro 2012 and now donbas arena got hit by fucking artillery shells war is never expected . 
  governments were n't planning for war in 1910 . 
  no one was planning for war when sarajevo hosted the olympics in ~ ~ 1986 ~ ~ 1984 . 
  eh , not to defend belarus too much , but i find the people in charge , though authoritarian , are at least competent at governing . 
  they did n't have any of the chaos and instability that russia did and realized early on what a trainwreck yeltsin 's policies were going to be . 
  i just did the lazy stereotype and called the romanian girl i knew a gypsy fortune teller . 
  it was good-natured though . 
  are there ? 
  i know many try to claim some kind of turanic/turkic origins , but i 've never heard anyone claim that they are direct lineage from the huns . 
   fucking hungarians , go back from where you came from this is hilarious to me . 
  they 've been there for a thousand years . 
  unless they literally mean for them to go to back to russia or something . 
  anyway , i 'm not familiar enough with the situation to comment . 
  i know lots of hungarians who left in the 80s and they said tensions and racism were pretty bad at the time , but everyone suffered back then . 
  [ ahhhhh ... ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-92jhaocioyk/tw4vwj_ij9i/aaaaaaaaanu/uzzeetayeyg/s1600/emma-watson-confused.gif ), 
  most romanians i know say it 's the opposite problem . 
  i do n't think you 've had enough of it then . 
  get all your furniture rent-to-own !, 
  you 'll need a lot of it , so be sure to get some payday loans !, 
  so almost every able bodied man should have gone to prison ? 
  we 're talking a few million people here . 
  if they committed war crimes , then i agree that there should be a fitting punishment . 
  but let 's be realistic here : these soldiers never got a trial , and were worked to death or executed simply for being in the german army that they were likely forced to join or hace harm come to them or their family . 
  if they were guilty of something , they should have been tried and sentenced in an international tribunal like nuremburg . 
  the average soldier was guilty of nothing more than being born into a country and forced to fight or be shot . 
  i mean , do you * really * think that all 60,000 of these people deserved to die ? 
  as in , it would have been perfectly ok to just line them up against a wall and shoot them all ? 
  anti-french sentiment is way more obvious , and much more condescending and idiotic than this article is . 
  most anti-french attitude comes mostly from people with a conservative political leaning , because france is portrayed as the antithesis of conservative principles , and represents the height of european `` arrogance '' , and that plays extremely well to conservative voters who are generally not as educated . 
  new york times caters to a completely different audience from that . 
  [ here 's one example ( at the end ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuzu6is036q ) . 
  we also renamed `` french fries '' to `` freedom fries '' because , you know , france had the audacity to not agree with us . 
  the article might have some bias in the writing like `` socialist '' , simply because that 's what the average american associates with france . 
  it 's also possible that there is so much anti-french sentiment that i 've become used to it and only notice if it 's especially egregious . 
  i recognize a good french-bashing in america . 
  this article did not come off as one , especially because as you pointed out : the us has exactly the same problem in many licensed professions . 
  the new york times is also usually considered a `` liberal '' newspaper , whose audience looks to europe as a model . 
  this video is all the more depressing when you know that most of these people never made it back :(, 
  i did a double take when i saw when this article was published . 
  you know , this phrase sounds exactly from communist times : we do n't have control of the situation , we just have to make the best of it for now . 
  correct . 
  but the point i 'm getting at is that i considered it the morally right thing for gorbachev to let the eastern bloc dissolve itself . 
  and unfortunately , once you allow vassal states to determine their destiny , then it is n't hard to argue that a soviet republic should be allowed to as well , and at that point there is no way to keep the baltics , then the whole union is in jeopardy . 
  gorbachev was terribly naive in this regard : he assumed that the eastern countries would be so grateful for their new freedom that they would be loyal to the ussr . 
  if he had not done any kind of political liberalization , you are correct that it 's possible the soviet sphere would have survived , but i do n't really considered that an ideal outcome . 
  china 's history is also such that previous disunity of the country has ended disastrously , so the general population ( with the exception of some of the ethnic minorities in the west ) understands why it 's important to keep a more centralized government . 
  i do n't think this mindset existed at the time of the soviet break-up . 
  it was n't until yelstin screwed everything up royally that the populace started to regret it . 
  correct . 
  so as vile as the leaflets would be , it 's pretty easy to word them to avoid trouble . 
  oh man , my mom remembers singing songs about him and stalin in school . 
  some of the horror stories she 's told me ... my god . 
  some of my dad 's friends were tortured by his regime . 
  gorbachev is such a contrast , seeing as how most of the west ( and even lots of the former eastern bloc ) love him , or at least think he was a benign figure . 
  i understand why he 's hated in russia , but i ca n't think of any way that many of his reforms could have been implemented without causing some chaos . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
   eh ... they 'd be allowed to as long as it did n't immediately provoke violence . 
  i disagree . 
  provoking violence is not by itself a legal reason to limit speech . 
  otherwise the klan would n't be allowed to do marches in black neighborhoods . 
   they 'd also end up on an nsa watch list and have absolutely every phone call , movement , email , google search etc. 
  scrutinized and if they ever did travel to the region to participate they 'd be taken out by a drone . 
  yeah they would . 
  making someone stateless is extremely problematic , echr or not . 
  what the uk ( and others ) could possibly do is wait for is to start issuing documents like passports or something similar , and then make acceptance of this `` citizenship '' as disqualifying of uk citizenship by way of aiding the enemy . 
  i 'm just talking out of my ass , though . 
  i have no idea how the legal system there works . 
  part of that is because some letters have completely different sounds from their latin counterpart ( take ` h ' , for example ) . 
  once i looked up what sound corresponded with what letter , it 's reasonably easy . 
  i go to lake michigan semi-regularly , can confirm . 
  it looks just like the ocean when you 're on the beach , just without the salt and weird shit washing up on shore . 
  it 's easy for guys like these to say this when they are in good material comfort and were n't oppressed by the government . 
  they would n't last more than a few weeks or months at most in a literal caliphate like they envision . 
  their own government would n't last long either simply because any ideological religious movement like theirs ( and isis as well ) eventually starts to splinter into sects that kill each other over some minutiae in islamic law . 
  the vast majority of muslims that americans meet are not extremist . 
  i 've known lots of muslims through work and school and while many were conservative to be sure , i ca n't recall ever hearing one saying anything even close to what was said in this video , or even dressing like this for anything other than a special holiday or something . 
  so yes , despite the attacks , it would be a bit of a shock . 
  luckily there is basically zero chance of this happening anywhere in the western world , so we can just laugh at them . 
  i wonder if this would end up like [ the blue diamond affair ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_diamond_affair ), 
  because then land developers and construction company contractors would n't get state money to line their pockets . 
  come on , a serbian should know this stuff . 
  this is basic corruption 101 . 
   what the liberals should have done was to support and seriously talk to the tea party before they got taken over by the corps . 
  i 'm somewhat familiar with tea party politics . 
  this would n't have worked simply because the entire platform underpinning tea party doctrine is that of non-cooperation with your `` enemies '' . 
  both parties are considered bad ( though republicans less so because they at least pay lip service to them ) . 
  the only way for democrats to have made any headway with the tea party would have been to adopt their platform , which would immediately destroy the democratic party as an entity . 
  this is particularly why republicans block everything that obama does , even if it was their idea in the first place : they can not appear to be cooperating with obama because he 's `` bad '' . 
  i 'm sure many republican congressman understand that this is stupid , but they ca n't do anything or else they could lose to a tea party challenger . 
  it 's a shame you 're being downvoted , because i think you 're absolutely right on your comments . 
  great power geopolitics is messy by nature . 
  there are no `` good '' guys . 
  an american general had a quote when the cablegate leaks happened : `` countries do not ally with the us because they actually like us , but because they benefit from the relationship in some way '' . 
  it 's been mentioned elsewhere , but the interior is insanely breathtaking . 
  it makes our government buildings look dull in comparison . 
  it blew me away .
