  no one even farted in each other 's face , nor did they shoot any guns in the air . 
  this is a farce of a political debate . 
   regardless of whether or not they should be there , the fact that the prospect of their mass murder by palestinians provokes such a blas\u00e9 response tells you everything you need to know about third-parties ' stake in their conflict . 
  i actually agree with you . 
  israel and the palestinians are really the only ones with skin in the game here . 
  but unfortunately , there is nothing that can be done to improve the situation . 
  neither side is willing to give ground , and the animosity is not going to go away on its own . 
  if we wait for that point , then there will never be a settlement . 
   and how is land swaps any less practical than the resettlement of hundreds of thousands of israeli jews ? 
  have you ever seen videos of the settlers ? 
  they are not willingly going anywhere . 
  there are 400,000 of them , and many are religiously zealous , and are willing to fight back to prevent removal . 
  in 2005 , it took the idf about a month to remove people from gaza , and that was only about 4,000 people . 
  many would rather die in a palestinian state than pack up and leave . 
  i doubt the palestinians want them either . 
   the real question is , why is the `` international community '' so eager to force israel to recognize the independence ( on terms favorable to the arabs ) of a state filled with people who nakedly proclaim their intention to commit genocide on any and all jews remaining in their country ? 
  because the status quo is not a long-term solution , and none of the other `` solutions '' like annexation can in any way be credibly implemented . 
  even israel 's position on this is in agreement . 
  it 's really just disagreements on how to go about doing this and what must be traded . 
  israel has suggested land swaps so they could keep many of the settlers , though it 's unclear how practical that would be . 
  but also , imo , many of the settlers are living where they are illegally , and really should not be there in the first place . 
  i would also argue the animosity between both sides is a good reason for a state to exist as it would almost certainly reduce tensions ( as well as international pressure ) since israel would be much less of a scapegoat for the palestinian government 's failings and corruption . 
  and with an agreed on border , israel could essentially wall off palestine if they want to ( which they are already doing in some way anyway ) and keep everyone out . 
  but ukraine is n't in that zone . 
  it 's still the same argument . 
  it 's more of a meta joke anyway . 
  i would n't expect germans to get it . 
  it 's actually more funny when germans do n't understand what the hell i 'm talking about . 
  [ source ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/germanslovedavidhasselhoff ), 
  here 's a more detailed explanation : unfair : current borders fair : expansion of borders to include majority hungarians areas while still being contiguous ambitious : szekerland , a hungarian-majority exclave in transylvania ( romania ) . 
  it is not connected to hungary by a majority ethnic area , making any argument for transferring it to hungary difficult , but not impossible . 
  it would make it similar to kaliningrad and russia in this regard . 
  problem : small pockets of majority hungarians distributed throughout romania and serbia ( and though not drawn , these do exist in slovakia as well ) . 
  these are extremely problematic to reintegrate into any kind of `` greater '' hungary without taking large numbers of other ethnicities , and creating a diplomatic and geographic nightmare . 
  fuck off : non-hungarian areas , or areas with hungarian as a minority . 
  almost no one except some extreme nationalists even want these back . 
  relations between hungarians and the red ethnicities are also strained ( except austria ) . 
  lol : croatia . 
  this was part of hungary through a personal union , but it was semi-independent , and not really considered part of the `` core '' kingdom . 
  relations are also very good between the two countries , so the suggestion of taking it back is laughable on its face . 
  with the exception of hong kong and singapore , i assume ? 
  i feel that this thread is the embodiment of the eu : europeans from every different country peacefully working together to find the most devastating insults for each other . 
   nuclear energy is only considered `` cheap '' because the storage and everything related to the radioactive waste ( even hazards like in fukushima ) are n't priced in . 
  if you would , nuclear energy would be way more expensive than other forms of energy - probably not even economically reasonable . 
  but what if the same analysis is done for fossil fuels ? 
  there are lots of costs ( and health problems ) associated with fossil that have just been historically ignored . 
  nuclear does n't have that luxury simply because it 's new and the populace is paranoid about it . 
  is nuclear still more costly in that case ? 
  i 've generally been pro-nuclear because even in the worst nuclear disasters , the environmental and health damage is localized to within a few tens of kilometers of the plant . 
  fossil is causing global damage . 
  you are absolutely correct on the waste issue though . 
  you can reprocess the fuel to reduce the amount that needs to be buried , but yes , ultimately something is going to need to be put somewhere untouched for thousands of years . 
  whenever we have german exchange students , i always try to tie everything to david hasselhoff and talk about how much they love him . 
  any denial is met with `` no no , it 's nothing to be embarrassed about . '', 
  and just keep insisting that they secretly admire him . 
  i also frequently ask if their parents work in the lederhosen factory . 
   ** how to piss off pro-eu ukrainians if you are eu citizen **  angrily say that nazis are not welcomed in eu . 
   say that you do n't want your tax-money spent for bailing out a failed state and they are better of with russia ( also works on pro-eu belarus citizens ) . 
  i lolled so hard at these . 
  well done . 
   germans on a whole are hesitant to show anywhere near the amount of patriotism that the average american shows . 
  [ oh man , no kidding ] ( http://youtu.be/_dc6r1unibe ) . 
  in the us that would be an instant scandal and you could forget about winning the election after that . 
  i worked with a guy from wyoming for a while . 
  it is apparently extremely common to give a gun as a gift for celebrations like graduation or a birthday over there . 
  i would word this as : `` the spanish sleep 8 hours everyday ... and 8 every night . '', 
  hahahaha , i love how even communists back then were just as squeamish about calling these what they were . 
  she probably went to a famous castle , and a tour guide mentioned how it was peripherally related to hitler ( like he spent the night in it or something ) , and was probably only half paying attention and filled in the rest . 
  my mom does this all the time . 
  and the worst thing is that nothing can convince them that they are wrong . 
  `` wow , the russians really did a good job cleaning the place up after that shitty uprising ! '', 
  though more groan-inducing rather than insulting , be sure to constantly do variations of `` i 'm hungry/hungary for turkey ! '', 
  to them and act like you are a fucking genius for coming up with it . 
  [ oh ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120924202410/clonewarsadventurescharacter/images/1/13/thats_the_joke.jpg ), 
   whatever it is . 
  slovenia is a small country in the balkans that was a republic of yugoslavia , and previous to that was part of the austro-hungarian empire . 
  radical islam did not become an ideology until the late 50s , and was n't really practiced in any significant way until the 70s . 
  while sykes-picot led to the authoritarian dictatorships that helped create the ideology , it was really us ( and to some extent british and french ) meddling that made it increasingly popular . 
  the invasion of iraq blew the lid off the whole thing because not only did it create a power vacuum , it radicalized much of the population . 
  hobo piss . 
  all your candy and fanta ( the fanta in the us is inferior shit ) . 
  i really think this ruined the movie . 
  it managed to take a compelling story and made me lose interest in the span of 5 minutes . 
  i 'm not . 
  there 's no such thing as an `` american '' ethnicity . 
  i 'm just saying that even in america , ethnicity does n't disappear completely , and some people care about it . 
  that 's all . 
  this is why i never worry about an islamic takeover of europe . 
  serbia will always be prepared . 
   the only country that really works different in that way is the us . 
  even then , ethnicity is n't ignored . 
  people will behave differently to a black family than a white one , or an asian one , etc. 
  i agree it 's much less important than it is in europe though . 
  it 's because of norm macdonald . 
  he was a comedian on snl who did the comedy news reports for a while , and one of his favorite things to say all the time was that germans love david hasselhoff . 
  this was about 20 years ago and it 's amazing to me that it 's still around . 
  i 've had german exchange students visiting the us still get asked this today . 
  so it 's really more of a giant meta joke that just wo n't go away , kind of like bielefeld i suppose . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  it 's not unusual for kids in the us to have one so the joke is lost on me .
