  the benefits are just too great not to . 
   the education systems are better for your kids . 
  just an fyi , this depends on where you will work . 
  like it or not , us companies prefer us colleges . 
  they know nothing about european education and what it 's worth . 
  if it was between two candidates with identical experience , the us educated person would get the job almost every time . 
  i would just file the paperwork anyway and see what happens . 
  even if it gets rejected , you at least have all the information you need to appeal it later , even if the living relatives are dead . 
   these kinds of early warning satellites do not work on visuals ( thermal or optical ) , as you would need an insanely sized lens to do this . 
  are you sure about this ? 
  i 've seen early-warning satellites in museums and they had what looked like a compound eye array to detect the ir radiation as it was launched . 
  [ this seems to be corroborated ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electro-optical_masint#space-based_staring_infrared_sensors ) . 
  you do n't need a direct image of it , you only need a location of where it 's coming from and how strong it is . 
  however , i do n't think a missile this small is going to be picked up by this kind of system , but i 'm admittedly far from being an expert . 
   this noise is what makes the rocket trackable . 
  do you have any information about this ? 
  i work in rf ( though not radar ) , and i ca n't imagine this working . 
  i would think that most of the radio signal would bounce off the atmosphere , scatter , and fade in such a way as to make almost impossible to detect , much less determine any kind of accurate directional information . 
  i 'm not disbelieving you , i just want to see how they solved these problems . 
  my guess is that they did n't detect the specific missile launch . 
  as you said , they are quite small , and a satellite would have to be watching exactly where it came from . 
  the icbm sats are for detecting huge thermal signatures , and i do n't think this would register . 
  my guess it was just simply spies on the ground and intercepted communications that confirmed it . 
  maybe a radar signature as well if someone was clever . 
  but without specific word , everyone is just speculating . 
  i have to disagree . 
  they would need to withhold a lot of the wreckage ( which would be obvious that russia is playing games ) , or tamper with it in a way that would make it obvious that it has been tampered with . 
  that would look much worse than it just being shot down with their weapons . 
  doing these things would destroy what 's left of russia 's credibility , and it would ruin relations with malaysia , who they are getting closer with . 
  it is possible that the rebels could destroy everything , though . 
  that way russia can deny having involvement in the destruction , and no incriminating information comes out , but let 's find out . 
  you might ok with going without it , but politicians know that most of the population is n't going to stand up for some ideals that are going to make their families miserable . 
  what you 're asking for is not tenable . 
  luckily the eu is now away just how crazy their neighbor is , and are looking at alternative supplies and fallback scenarios . 
  unfortunately this will take a few years to implement . 
  also , i believe turkey was entitled by treaty to go in and act along with the uk ( who did n't join them ) . 
  the problem stems from turkey just not leaving . 
  i guess the question is : did the hungarian portion have a similar level of development as slovenia did in 1930 ? 
  obviously there were institutional structures against romanian development during the austro-hungarian times , so i agree with you that comparing the entire region is likely not valid . 
  so why was the gdp per capita so divergent in yugoslavia ? 
  even the richest and poorest geographical areas of the us do n't diverge that much in terms of ratio . 
  was it just historical reasons or something else ? 
  what i think he 's trying to say is that being a part of austria-hungary helped to keep their development up until about ww2 ( in addition to being `` closer '' the rich west ) , and then the fact that they were n't nearly as repressive as other communist countries meant they stagnate completely . 
  the latter is likely why transylvania and slovenia diverged so much . 
  to stay away from it . 
  seriously , europe has nothing to gain . 
  you risk being labeled anti-semetic in perpetuity if you side with palestinians , or you piss off muslims who do n't live too far away if you side with israel . 
  at best , europe could be selected a neutral arbitrator from those involved . 
  to be fair , zionists were moving in for over 50 years already when that happened . 
  this will be a civilized discussion , i 'm sure . 
  but you have hundreds of `` great '' people competing for the one job . 
  it does n't make economic sense to add to the number of applicants . 
  this is n't a world where everyone can get the exact job they want . 
  a shitty engineer is much more employable than a great english major . 
  this is the reality of the global economy . 
  i agree they should n't persue something they hate , but most people need to compromise at some point or else they will just end up back in school and they lose several years of making a living . 
  and as a side : i would probably avoid learning a language just to be a translator at this point . 
  machine translation is getting better every year and it 's likely to be as good as a human in a decade or two at most . 
  ... or conan . 
  thanks to that whole circus , i get to use aome of the things i learned to impress finns while talking to them . 
  so has the extermination date been set yet ? 
  i need to make travel plans . 
  i think letting them into nato was ok . 
  these are countries desperately in need of a security alliance . 
  but the us should have either left it or severely reduced their roll in it as a trade to alleviate russian concerns . 
   personally i think it was a huge mistake to have nato expand to russia 's doorstep . 
  especially after we hand a handshake deal with gorbachev not to do so . 
  but i guess we needed ore countries to sell weapons to , but they do n't even buy them !, 
  i just want to interject here and mention that it was actually the other way around : former warsaw pact countries lobbied very hard to join nato while the us was considering the future of nato . 
  it was not an imperialist move on the part of the us . 
  there is a polish documentary whose name escapes me now that had interviews with the policy makers of the day and they said as much . 
  i see a lot of people here saying `` pick what you like and things will work out '' , and i 'm going to just go ahead and say that it 's nonsense . 
  an economy does n't function by what people want to do for work . 
  sorry , but for the most part , humanistic classes are just not in demand . 
  you will have a good chance at being unemployed with them . 
  i ca n't tell you the number of people i know who got psychology , political science , or literature degrees who ended up going back to school years later because there just was n't any jobs for them . 
  there are too many people studying these fields . 
  there is lots of demand in science ( engineering is particularly good ) , medical , and financial depending on how you specialize . 
  if you hate those , then do something else , but i would try to find something that there is actual money in . 
  i have two passports . 
  last i checked , i do n't have access to state secrets of either . 
  btw , i am not against a single citizenship requirement for sensitive areas like high-level government , or high-level military , because there is a legitimate conflict of interest there , even if your two countries are allied . 
  this still has some issues , which i will explain here in a second , but i 'm ok with it . 
  for the average citizen ( which is what i interpreted this question to mean ) who do n't have these high-level positions , there is zero consequence to having both , and which is why i think making a big deal out of it is misguided at best . 
  but let 's say that i am forced to give up one or the other . 
  i will obviously pick the one that offers the best perceived benefit to me . 
  this does n't make me any more loyal than i was before . 
  i could still go to the other country and reacquire the other citizenship with some paperwork and cash if i felt the need . 
  i could even do this and not even tell the home country about it ( you can find endless stories of japanese illegally keeping their passport because they do n't report the other citizenship ) . 
  again , there just is n't any practical benefit to requiring just one . 
  when germany and the us are in a state of war , then we can talk about loyalties . 
  until then , demanding loyalty to one or the other is meaningless since it has no practical consequences . 
  to me , this is the same as saying that you can not be loyal to both parents , and you must choose one . 
  for most people , that is a patently ridiculous claim . 
  if these countries are not fighting each other in a war , i do n't see where the problem is . 
  i was hoping that google translate would help me here , but alas , i have no idea what this says . 
  interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  as child of hungarians who were forced to flea their country because of the soviets , i think the foreign policy under gorbachev was exactly correct ( non-interference , letting countries decide their own fate , etc ) .
