  so while nato would n't necessarily make an invasion impossible , it would make any continued occupation extremely difficult and economically untenable from the constant harassment . 
  and also , nukes . 
  ai n't nobody going to mess with an alliance with one of those . 
  i do n't think the uk invoked the nato treaty for falklands . 
  smart move at the time , really . 
  the soviet union could have interpreted it differently . 
  i think almost all of nato provided some kind of support though , even if they did n't have to . 
  they 're in nato 's nuclear umbrella . 
  that was really the whole point of joining nato . 
  the rest of the military alliance was just a nice bonus . 
  i think a better name would be `` buffer zone '' . 
  i know a polish guy named that !, 
  so why do they hate it so much ? 
  is it because they 're afraid that hungary is going to claim the land again ? 
  or is there some other reason ? 
   how would you solve the issue of people unable to work = unable to provide for their own retirement ? 
  obviously they will need to be exempted , or provided for with a different fund . 
   and those who did n't manage to save enough during their working years due to low income/long unemployment ? 
  well , my first reaction is to wonder why they did n't save enough ( barring some catastrophic inflation or financial collapse ) when they had 30-40 years to do so . 
  but to answer your question , you could offer a government `` safe '' plan that people could pay into that puts your money into a government-managed savings plan that you can not under any circumstances withdraw from until you are retired . 
  you could even make it mandatory for everyone to pay some minimal fee into if you really want . 
   if only people interested in arts and culture paid taxes for those purposes , then kids whose parents were n't interested would never have access to any of it from my experience , any sport or cultural activity that gets tax money is usually popular enough that it does n't need the money . 
  using the us as an example ( only because it 's what i 'm intimately familiar with ) , is football/baseball/etc and art/culture things such as pbs or endowment for the arts do n't really get very much from the government in terms their overall income . 
  this makes sense when you think about it because who determine where the money goes : the government . 
  and who elects the government : the people . 
  and people collectively want their money to go to the `` culturally important '' things that they know about , which happen to be popular . 
  this is certainly true , but by accepting cyprus , the eu took the de facto position of being against turkey . 
  regardless of how wrong turkey is , that 's just not a diplomatically wise decision , because now has to be involved in anything going on with it . 
   but such way of thinking is a never-ending hole , and it is very dark . 
  i am not active in sports , yet the taxes i pay build stadiums and swimming pools ... etc this is why i am generally in favor of taxes that only affect the people who use the services . 
  so a roadway or gasoline tax is great because i can just choose to not have a car and avoid it altogether . 
  the same for stadiums , etc. 
  everyone getting taxed for services that they do n't use creates two problems : 1 . 
  apathy , because very few people are going to bother to look where their money is going or whether it is being spent efficiently because it 's hard to determine how much you are actually paying and 2 . 
  corruption , for the same reason above . 
   anyway , the pension system is not based on children having to provide for their parents pensions but on each person providing enough during their working part of life to sustain them when they retire but the problem is that pensions are not structured this way . 
  they are pay as you go . 
  the current working generation pays for the retired one . 
  i think there are actually very few countries , if any , that have a worker save for their own retirement and not pay for someone else 's . 
  this is why basing it on children has some appeal : a worker is n't paying for someone who did n't contribute to the working pool , nor contributed toward the next generation who will pay for their retirement . 
  i do n't think basing it on children is a good idea , partially for the reasons you stated above , but i think making people only responsible for their own retirement would go a long way . 
  people like to use money as a reason in this thread , but it goes beyond that , and let me explain in economic terms : it 's quite simply because children are an economic burden and a medium-term sacrifice , and one that you will not usually get any payback from . 
  a child can not reasonably expect to start becoming cashflow-positive until they are in their early to mid-20s , and even then it 's just usually enough to survive on for a while . 
  and during those entire 20 years , you 're sacrificing time , money , and possibly even career advancement to raise them . 
  that last point is especially why asian countries have such a low rate : your company will think less of you for taking more leisure time for dating/children , and most do n't fight against it . 
  it 's quite sad , really : they are working themselves to negative population growth . 
  negative growth means a larger retirement population with respect to the younger generation , which means they need to work more to pay for everyone , thereby meaning that they will have less time/money for kids , and so the rate goes lower , etc. 
  a lot of people are just deciding that it is n't worth the hassle if one of them is n't going to become a full-time parent ( and very few people want to become one ) . 
  others will have one child , remember what was involved and then not want to go through it again . 
  the only cultures that do n't seem to have this problem are cultures that put extreme emphasis on children over things like career or material possessions ( which just so happens to be religious most of the time ) . 
  non-religious tend to focus on career and standard of living . 
  the only solution to this problem is to make children less of an economic burden ( and i do n't mean free daycare or something like that , that only shifts around the costs , it does not get rid of them ) . 
  unfortunately , there are n't any good options for that , so the low birth rates will continue . 
   so if the us left , there would be both time and money as factors would lead to a decrease in capabilities but even if the us left , nato technology would be reasonably close to what it is now ( ie . 
  still way ahead of russia 's ) . 
  let 's be honest here though ... those countries joined for the nuclear umbrella , and that 's what really matters here . 
  even if no nato country met its target but they still kept an active nuclear arsenal and were n't afraid to use it , that 's all that matters . 
  edit : for defensive matters , at least . 
  obviously offensive capability would be a serious issue . 
  this is a great rule , really . 
  i know it sucks for ukraine , but the last thing you want to do is bring in a country and immediately get into a conflict with someone over it . 
  i wish the eu would adopt a similar rule for membership . 
  hungary : that we 're all hungry . 
  the general consensus for international diplomacy is that unilateral successions are not legal unless there are clear human rights abuses or violence/genocides . 
  so kosovo/east timor/south sudan are generally recognized because of this . 
  crimea is not because there is n't anything like that happening ( at least not yet ) . 
  ( i 'm not defending this line of thinking , just explaining it ), 
  my parents are hungarian and by my count my family has had 5 alcoholics so far . 
  this checks out . 
  even then , i would n't count it , rhetoric not withstanding . 
  any annexation of say , slovakia , would immediately put the minorities in romania and serbia in serious danger of either being expelled or just outright killed . 
  it 's a sensitive issue and other countries containing minorities would panic . 
  in the us : americans love their military and it shows . 
  however , military is not allowed to do police or crowd control work . 
  it is really easy to find military hardware though . 
  air shows are very common in the summer , and they fly all sorts of military aircraft there , and have them on display ( admittedly , mostly older stuff ) . 
  a lot of parks have tanks and artillery in them , leftover from ww1/ww2 , that they decided to put on display rather than melt down ( the park by my house has a ww1 german artillery cannon just sitting around ) . 
  although less common , i 've seen military convoys on the road or trains that are transporting tanks and other equipment . 
  the military has also increasingly been giving old hardware like armored vehicles and machine guns to local police departments , so you see those around quite a bit , even though they are n't with the military anymore . 
  right , i do n't think anyone debates that . 
  it 's the occupation and forcible separation of territory that was not acceptable . 
  do n't count on these cuts actually happening short of a spending crisis . 
  congress has a vested interest in keeping spending where it is because almost every district gets a cut of it . 
  no congressperson is going to agree to close a military base or defense contractor site in their district if they can help it : it will cost them the next election . 
  congress will just override the defense department budget and pass their own . 
  at best , you might see some very modest cuts , or maybe even a base closing or two , but nothing on the scale that they want here . 
  i hope so . 
  anything that 's going to replace lethal injection will look barbaric in comparison . 
  a lot of the public will find it unpalatable or indefensible . 
  hangings go wrong a lot of the time , firing squad is quick but bloody , electric chair is also difficult to watch , etc. 
  you may get a few states like texas that are ideologically in favor of the death penalty still keep it , but most everyone else will just get rid of it rather than try to make something else work . 
  as someone said , it 's internationally recognized that georgia started the conflict . 
  russia just overstepped what they were allowed to do in self-defense . 
  i live in indiana . 
  we do n't get tourists : /, 
  i wish we had some eastern european ladies in the us : /, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but the catholic church is n't state-funded , is it ? 
  i do n't think you can call it a parasite if that 's the case . 
   one last thing is that british porn and british soft/glamour porn suck [ tell me about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmqbb7jle9k ), 
   the point is that the question `` what will happen '' is n't something that 's specific to serbia only .
