  there 's a good reason why most countries make it impossible to take away citizenship outside of narrowly-defined instances . 
   according to them , we won the wars in vietnam , korean , afghanistan , and iraq i would say their attitude is more dangerous than that : for situations like vietnam , it 's that we did n't win because the leftists were traitors on the home front and had us lose the war . 
  so is there a good recipe resource online for good traditional english food ? 
  my good friend 's mom is first generation american from uk , and cooks english food sometimes . 
  but man , it 's terrible . 
  i suspect it 's just her cooking skills and would like to give it another try . 
  [ it 's from the south park movie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iinymim0nfw ) it may have existed before then , but that 's the earliest i 've ever heard of it . 
  if i had to guess , i think it was created because germans are stereotyped as more reserved ( or repressed , depending on your definition ) , so having this fetish kind of fits into that . 
  historically , in these kinds of situations , what generally happens is that the settlers may stay , but they are denied citizenship of the new state and must naturalize in some way . 
   also , the british recognize that india , canada , australia , british africa and the rest are not part of britains exclusive sphere of influence . 
  this really is the crux of the matter and why eastern countries are so antagonistic toward russia . 
  you still have brits who believe that ruling india and the other colonies was great , even if some bad things happened . 
  even without any formal apologies , at the end of the day , britain reneges any claim to meddle in their affairs or determine their foreign policy . 
  the russian government does n't see it this way . 
  they claim that they have a right to decide how their neighbors run things ( because of `` security '' ) . 
  or to use the nazi comparison : germany does not claim any title or land belonging to anyone else anymore and has repeatedly stated as much . 
  they do not interfere with countries such as poland . 
  and that 's the main difference at the end of the day . 
   in contrast , neither russia or japan have attempted to reconcile their imperialist pasts [ japan has apologized many many times ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_war_apology_statements_issued_by_japan ) . 
  this is extremely common , but incorrect , myth . 
  more sand pounding . 
  but the thing is : language does n't define an ethnic group . 
  he could discriminate against ethnic germans who speak english and welcome somalis who speak german . 
  i do n't see how he would be violating the law here . 
   obviously russia counterattacks this is internationally committing suicide . 
  the ukrainian nuke would be exploded on ukrainian soil ( eg . 
  defensive purposes ) . 
  a russian counterattack would be on ukrainian soil ( eg . 
  offensive ) . 
  no matter what happens militarily after that , russia is finished as a diplomatic power . 
  they will be so diplomatically and economically isolated for so long after that , that going there will be like visiting medieval times all over again . 
  now it 's not just a cold war with the west , but every single country bordering them . 
  do you have any sources for this ? 
  this is the first i 'm hearing of it . 
  i do n't agree with the bluntness of us foreign policy and its messy solutions , but russia is n't praiseworthy either . 
  we should be critical of both . 
  europe has the potential to take the lead here and offer a third route . 
  well , except alaska , but good luck to them getting it back :p, 
  i 'll do one better . 
  whenever i am asked to generically stereotype europe to other americans , i usually show [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone ), 
  i presume the man on the right center is the hungarian ( violin , paprika , gulyas ? , mustache , and the pattern on the coat ) . 
  i do n't know enough about the others to readily identify them . 
  this really should have been labelled . 
   we all have at least two accents that we switch between ( often sub-consiously ) depending on the situation ( not voice tones , accents ) . 
  [ is this sort of what you mean ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unfcoda8ykm ), 
   to begin with , austria-hungary was less developed and poorer than the uk , france or germany , before the wwi this depends on which ethnic group you looked at . 
  if you were austrian or hungarian , especially in the cities , your standard of living was pretty much on par with the west . 
  if you were an ethnic minority in there , especially in rural areas , probably not . 
  the overall numbers do n't show the bifurcation . 
  western europe had the luxury of fighting for glory , riches , and new world territory . 
  the east was constantly fighting for survival . 
  ww1/ww2 is just one part of their story with similar outcomes . 
  it 's unfortunate , but it 's the result of settling one of the worst geopolitical locations on earth . 
  it 's for this reason that the european union and more fundamentally , nato , is critical for their continued survival and future prosperity . 
  but when could i expect a smartphone to support galileo ? 
  once russia made it illegal to sell any device capable of navigation without glonass support , almost every manufacturer quickly adopted it . 
  is the eu going to create a directive to do the same thing ? 
  the issue is n't going in when we 're wanted , it 's leaving when we 're not wanted , and the us is like that awkward ex-girlfriend that refuses to leave after the party is long over in that regard . 
  oh god , right-wingers in the us are just like this . 
  every little problem that comes up is the government trying to stop the movement from catching on . 
  yes , facebook having a temporary hiccup is the government trying to shut down your meeting group . 
  genius . 
  so i found out about this from a documentary ( the death of yugoslavia , if anyone is interested ) , but it was n't explained exactly why this was done . 
  what were the reasons for the hungarian government supporting the croats ? 
  there is n't an ethnic minority there as far as i know , and interfering would only serve to piss off serbia ( where there is a significant minority ) . 
  was it just because of the historical ties , or was it simply because the hungarian government supports most separatist governments , or was it something else ? 
  i guess i 'm just going to have to disagree here . 
  i ca n't think of any situation where a military ally ( that we bound to by treaty ) is attacked by a large enemy ( one in which we have been traditionally antagonistic toward , and one in which we are many times over more powerful ) and the us just sits on its thumbs . 
  my god , people just seem to have forgotten that america `` liberates '' countries all the damn time , despite huge public opposition . 
  all of a sudden this case is different , for some reason . 
  the entire credibility of the us would be destroyed in one day because of that . 
  it 's just not going to happen . 
   half of the american public does n't even know what nato is , let alone it being a point of pride . 
  probably not , but that 's not important . 
  the public will just not accept that an `` ally '' was attacked and the us is not doing anything to help them , especially if it 's from russia . 
  ukraine was n't an ally , simply put . 
  that 's why the general public reaction has been apathetic . 
   which is why the us needs to get out of nato before something like that happens . 
  in the long run , i can see this happening , but not anytime soon . 
  the us will be involved with this situation for a while , like it or not . 
  i think this would go in the opposite direction : an attack on a nato ally discredits the president . 
  not following through with a counter-attack is political suicide not only for the president , but for the party in power . 
  for several election cycles afterwards , they will be known as the party that surrendered to the russians ( and yes , appealing to the cold war mentality will work ) . 
  there is too much at stake politically to just let it slide . 
  the us public may not want to mess around with russia right now , and that 's because they do n't have ties to ukraine . 
  ukraine is n't in nato . 
  bullying ukraine does n't really reflect on us policy ( though some like mccain like to pretend it does ) . 
  as soon as a nato ally gets invaded though ? 
  forget it , all bets are off . 
  that 's a direct challenge to the us military , and it 's one that the public wo n't stand for . 
  i actually think in the long-run that nato would be better off without the us . 
  it would immediately relieve some of the tension with russia , since that 's principally who russia sees as the aggressor in nato , and it would also relieve eu nations from getting entangled in things like afghanistan and libya , that have absolutely nothing at all to do with their security . 
  the question , though , then becomes is : is france/uk willing to defend the east as hard as the us tries to ? 
  completely agree with you about the sovereignty point , though . 
  without nato , hungary ( and poland/slovakia/etc ) would soon find themselves being bullied by someone bigger . 
  yes , climate and geography are obviously quite different . 
  but the cultural aspects i disagree quite a bit with . 
  discounting things like socio-economic status , it really is n't much different . 
  a middle-class person moving from texas , to say , north dakota , is n't going to really feel that much out of place culturally .
