  i do n't know what the ideal situation would be : making it technically illegal but everyone looks the other way for appropriate spanking , or making it legal and relying on reporting for the abusive cases , or some situation in between ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm far from qualified in that . 
  but i think people equating behavior correction through pain ( which is how many kids learn firsthand not to touch a hot stove , for example ) to abuse is just ridiculous to me . 
  they are clearly not the same . 
  not to sound like a smart-ass , but i suspect most of the comments equating the two are from people who do not have children of their own so they have a simplified idea of what it 's like . 
  some kids just have shitty behavior no matter how good the parents are . 
  wooden spoon ( hungarian parents ) . 
  only had to do it a few times when i was really young , after that it was just the act of taking it out of the drawer to get me to stop what i was doing . 
  my middle school math teacher ( who was about ~ 60 year old when i had him ) showed us the paddle he used to use on misbehaving students when he started teaching . 
  he said it was a different time . 
  back then you could get paddled by the teacher , have a note sent home about it , and then get paddled by the parents just because you did n't follow the teacher 's authority ( even if the parents did n't know what it was you got paddled for ) . 
  no way you could get away with it now . 
  parents would be asking for that teacher 's head if it ever happened without some kind of prior agreement . 
  even then , i doubt the school would be ok with it . 
   and my opinion is that inflicting pain upon children should be forbidden in every way possible for they are helpless relative to adults both physically as emotionally just to play devil 's advocate here as a parent : my 2 year old does n't listen . 
  at all . 
  timeouts and yelling just do n't work for him . 
  he does dangerous things like run out into the road suddenly or try to grab knives from the counter when the wife is cooking . 
  sometimes there is nothing else i can do except smack his hand hard and make him connect the temporary pain with what he was trying to do . 
  he eventually figures out that he should n't do that . 
  i never had to do this with my older child . 
  some children are just dense . 
  ( i should note i only really do this if he is doing something that is a danger to himself or others . 
  i do n't do this for things like stealing toys or other stupid bullshit ) of course some idiots take this to an extreme and actually beat or abuse their kids . 
  but i would argue that using pain to correct for behavior ( especially dangerous behavior ) is warranted if other avenues do n't work . 
  it 's either that or i just let him play with the knives or get hit by a car and let him learn it the hard way . 
  this is banned in hungary ? 
  that must be new . 
  my mom ( hungarian immigrant ) had no problem with hitting me with a wooden spoon when i did n't listen . 
  huh , til . 
  i guess that sucks for when he takes over then . 
  correct , but if he 's not well-liked , it would tend to have the opposite effect , or at least nullify any influence he would normally have , no ? 
  or do you think he would still have enough influence just because he 's the king ? 
  oh sure , i never meant to say that he would be any good . 
  i 'm just asking what is the worst he could do with this power were he to take the throne ? 
  i 'm not terribly familiar with the british monarchy . 
  from what i gather , the kind of behavior you posted means that he would lack credibility as a monarch , meaning that his influence would be tenuous at best if i am understanding it correctly . 
  yes , but as far as i know , there 's not a whole lot of power charles would have outside of being an adviser . 
  other than being unpopular or a terrible representative of the uk , what is the worst he could do ? 
  well , you do n't make a law saying if you do x contribution , you get a seat . 
  that does n't work that way . 
  you make it a lifetime appointed position by the king or the lower house ( or some combination of both ) . 
  this is how the uk does it with their house of lords for the most part . 
  the appointment process is less important than the independence from normal politics . 
  they should be there just to make sure idiotic populist crap does n't get through without a huge majority . 
  how ironic that now one of them is blessing the crown . 
  in the case of my family , it 's simply because of pay . 
  why stay in the country and scratch by when they could just go to london and make an order of magnitude more even if the cost of living is higher ? 
  if you are starting your own business , hungary is a non-starter for the most part . 
  and let 's be honest , the uk is a nicer place to live in many respects . 
  i do n't think any left directly because of politics , but i would n't surprised if it was a factor . 
  doing based on nobility ( especially given hungary 's history for the past 70 years ) is just not feasible . 
  it does n't really make a lot of sense either . 
  if you had to have a non-elected house , i think making membership based on contributions to the nation or other accomplishments is the better way to do it . 
  it should not be passed down through a family ( that 's what the king is for , after all ) . 
  so what was the reason behind this happening ? 
  tuvans have nothing to do with hungarians as far as i know other than their ancestors probably lived close to each other . 
  i have 8 family members in hungary that are in their 20s/30s . 
  5 have left for austria and the uk , and it does n't appear that they are coming back . 
  why should they ? 
  what benefit do they get out of it ? 
  the country is slowly committing demographic suicide . 
  i could actually see a benefit to having a monarchy in hungary ( not an absolute one , but one somewhat like the king of thailand ) . 
  someone who transcends the political shit and guide the country on a better long-term path . 
  otto von hapsburg would have been great for this just to name one example . 
  although you could end up with some idiot with a crown later on . 
  the one constant in european history is that national fortunes change on a dime . 
  any number of internal or external policies or factors could tip the scales and increase migration from one eu country to another . 
  is this likely in the near future ? 
  probably not . 
  but i think it 's better to be proactive on this . 
  right , which is why i stressed that this only works if there is cooperation between everyone . 
  i understand why countries like poland or hungary are unwilling to accept more , but they also need to understand that they will not remain insulated from this problem forever , and that is in their best interest to try to find a solution . 
  if they are not a valid asylum seeker , then yes , they can be deported . 
  i 'm willing to bet that most migrants are not legitimate asylum seekers . 
  not sure if this is the best solution , but it 's clear what is being done now is n't working . 
   what do you mean ` let them in ' . 
  they get resettled in the eu in general . 
  whether that means a quota system for each country or whatever , that 's up to the eu to decide . 
  the only way this will work is if the eu acts as a unified block for asylum purposes ( i.e. 
  it does n't matter if you declare asylum in hungary or germany , you get resettled either way ) . 
  the residency permit then does n't let you move around to another country for work . 
  that 's probably a bit simplistic , and i 'm not sure whether it 's possible to do , but you get the idea . 
   if this was done properly the procedure you 're saying would result in border countries being responsible for all refugees crossing via land . 
  i 'm not seeing a problem here as long as there is some eu cooperation . 
  set them up in border countries , process the valid claims and let them in , deport everyone else . 
  my dad was a refugee and it was done this way . 
  from crossing the border to being resettled was a few months . 
  the current system of `` every man for himself '' just means that germany/france/uk / sweden are going to get the bulk of them and this is clearly not sustainable . 
  this is just putting a band-aid on the problem . 
  making it harder only means that smugglers will make more money to bring people over . 
  there needs to be a financial disincentive for people to stop coming : if they pay thousands for a smuggler to bring them over and they are immediately deported , it becomes quickly understood that this wo n't work . 
  ( not sure how reasonable that solution is , i 'm just naming it as an example ) . 
   the hungarian government could keep the border `` open '' and let the waves of third world migrants their way into the paradise - nordics , germany , benelux , france . 
  they could do this , but make no mistake , this will be a problem for the poorer countries as well at some point . 
  there needs to be better coordination on this . 
  i do n't know what the solution is , but it 's going to need cooperation between everyone . 
  probably bought their own greek island somewhere and live a comfortable retirement . 
  ok , related question : every time i see a map of azerbaijan with the exclave , it always shows a very thin line connecting it . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is n't a land bridge connecting to the two , so why draw the line ?
