  it honestly does n't serve security interests . 
  if the us would actually talk to russia and compromise just a little , they could probably get what they want without having to resort to the dick-waving . 
  for example , just look at china for the most part : it does n't get involved in political games outside of its sphere of influence . 
  it uses its economic power to get what they want , and you do n't see them using military power to scare russia . 
  of course it is , but i do n't really see how deliberately provoking an old enemy is beneficial to anyone in the us , or the world for that matter . 
  if the us had tried negotiations or some kind of talks with russia to get what they want , you could spend less on military while still having security ( or if the talks did n't work , at least you tried ) . 
  the us has the attitude of `` history does n't apply to us '' and `` we do n't care what you think '' , and that 's a very dangerous mindset to have in diplomacy , imo . 
   the us would go ape shit if russia implemented a maritime missile shield along its coasts as well , just as it did when the soviets stationed rockets on cuba after the us had stationed theirs in turkey . 
  what ?!, 
  you mean to say that us foreign policy is hypocritical and self-serving ?!, 
  what madness are you spewing ? 
  looks like poland and hungary finally developed some good defenses against the mongrels !, 
  i 'll see myself out , thanks . 
  citizens/residents 65 and over are automatically enrolled into medicare , which is the government-provided healthcare for seniors . 
  you can not opt out of it without loosing social security . 
  you can , in theory , keep an insurance plan in addition to medicare , but most plans will just drop you once you 're on medicare . 
  fair enough , and i happen to agree with you . 
  i think you would find very few people who actually think the healthcare system we have now is any good ( though the technological innovation in it seems to be great ) . 
  i think are many fundamental problems with the system , and unfortunately i do n't think obamacare is doing anything to solve any of those issues . 
  this is one of those things where things are likely to get much worse before they get better . 
  it seems the reoccurring theme in here is health care and crime . 
  as an american , i feel qualified to comment on this ( not trying to convince anyone to move , just clearing up misconceptions ) - healthcare is a problem for sure , no doubt . 
  but if you are able to get a work/residence visa to the us , you likely have a job where healthcare is n't going to be a problem . 
  it 's a stratified system : upper half does really well , wage slaves get crapped on . 
  you can also easily buy a cheap high-deductable insurance plan to cover catastrophic things like accidents , so you 're not entirely screwed ( not sure how obamacare will affect that so i do n't know about next year ) . 
  - crime is actually very low on a per capita basis . 
  and it 's mostly concentrated to certain neighborhoods and areas . 
  unless you live in the inner city , crime ( and especially violent crime ) really is n't going to enter your life . 
  i live in an area where carrying concealed guns is common . 
  the worst that has ever happened to my circle of family and friends is getting worthless crap stolen out of our cars . 
  the media has a habit of overblowing the perception of crime here . 
  oh , i 've seen mexican tv , i know how fast they talk :p my point was that many people will move to another country and be there a full year and still only speak a few words or phrases . 
  i completely agree . 
  it 's especially stupid when you look at how easy spanish is when you know english . 
  i would say it 's actually one of the easiest to learn . 
  i 've always wondered about this : what do europeans consider immigrants ? 
  is someone from another eu member state an immigrant ? 
  would they have to follow the same rules ? 
  or is this more about the immigrants from outside the eu ? 
  i think it 's just that the average 50 year old has no reason to learn a foreign language so most do n't bother . 
  at that point you 're planning your retirement and do n't care about integrating into another society . 
  i 've met one or two 50 year old who have learned english at their age because they had to or wanted to and they did n't seem to have anymore difficulty than a younger person . 
  yes . 
  it comes down to whether you want to put in the time for the most part . 
  both my parents are immigrants . 
  my dad had formal language classes when he came here as a refugee and he actually speaks english pretty well . 
  my mom self-taught using magazines . 
  she 's very clumsy with speech and uses terrible grammar . 
  both of them have terrible writing skills . 
  a few of my dad 's friends have lived here for decades and never bothered to learn the language beyond the very basic to do things at the store or work because of exactly the situation that you describe : they are in an ethnic community so they do n't really need to know . 
  all the kids , including myself , are perfectly integrated . 
  being able to understand most of another language after 3-4 months is pretty good regardless of speed . 
  that actually seems pretty fast to me . 
  canada gdp is about 12 % petroleum . 
  not really bad . 
  til that romanians have p\u00e1linka too . 
  i thought france and germany had common history curriculum ? 
  yep , that 's the word i was looking for . 
  thanks !, 
  they have resources , but it 's too heavily dependent on oil . 
  about 50 % of their gdp is just oil and gas . 
  one price crash and the whole economy goes with it . 
  their economy is also structured like a monarchy and not really based on a meritocratic capitalist system . 
  economic development is stunted by this . 
  i think they will remain a large regional power , but i think their superpower days are over . 
  it 's already expensive for the us to project power across the world . 
  for russia 's economy , it 's suicidally expensive . 
  maybe in the coming decades things will change , but right now that 's how i see it . 
  i do n't know how much it matters to you , but you might want to make it about alcohol in general rather than beer in particular . 
  southern europe is well known for wine , not really for beer . 
  northern europe is best known for spirits . 
  it 's only the central nations that are big beer makers . 
  as a hungarian-american with lots of family there , i am not surprised in the least by this . 
  all we ever hear are complaints about how terrible everything is , and i really just do n't see why . 
  i 'm hungarian . 
  i 've never heard that joke before . 
  nope , not a single time in my life . 
  nope . 
  i know these jokes were extremely common in the entire communist bloc though . 
  i 've always loved these . 
  i humbly request all eastern bloc peoples to post as many as they can remember . 
  oh man , tell me some romanian/slovak jokes . 
  i would love to hear some . 
  this was talked about in r/hungary when this map came up before . 
  basically it 's not politically correct to do jew jokes , so scots are used instead . 
  they are all about being cheap . 
  right , except the car would be much more convenient and is n't limited by where the trains actually go . 
  stating that as a goal and actually accepting the liability are two different things . 
  it 's definitely astonishing though . 
  i do n't think there will be a more drastic reduction of death in a short amount of time for a while after this . 
  crashes due to autopilots in airplanes is a complicated problem , because it 's not just the computer . 
  what 's happening is that the computer is really good at flying the plane 99 % of the time and in the cases where something goes wrong and the computer does n't know what to do ( or is doing something improperly ) , the pilots are unprepared because they 've been accustomed to the plane doing the job . 
  [ here 's a really great engineering article about it . 
  ] ( http://spectrum.ieee.org/computing/software/automated-to-death ) i think the situation with cars is not as bad though : mechanical failures on the road are not nearly as costly in terms of damage or life , and there is much less that can go wrong . 
   the problem with autonomous cars is , that they relay on a very small range of information on their environment , such as the analysis of pictures of their environment . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  i 'm an engineer and as far as i know , at a minimum , the cars rely on gps , radar ranging , direct imaging from cameras ( visible and ir ) , and a plethora of sensors all over the car . 
  that 's a lot of information to process as well as redundancy , and the computer 's reaction time is much better and it will actually follow rules proven to decrease accidents ( like drive slow in snow/ice or obey the speed limit in this area ) . 
  it 's really easy to detect problems with any of those systems so you can simply disable the car if a problem is detected . 
  i agree that there 's always situations that the software will not handle right ( especially when sharing a road with unpredictable humans ) and that they will need to be corrected and tested over time .
