  however , i am admittedly not as familiar with his other policies or political career . 
  i would be genuinely curious to know more . 
  for those that are perhaps too young to remember , he was a major reformer under gorbachev , and was one of the major catalysts for the eastern bloc revolutions of 1989 . 
  quick question : do the other ethnic groups out in siberia also believe this , or are they indifferent/against it ? 
  ( not trying to imply anything , just genuinely curious ), 
  i would say a purchase is more likely , but the chances of that happening are still essentially zero . 
  russia would need to be in a desperate economic situation ( much more desperate than the chaotic 90s ) , and/or the resources there would have be completely exhausted for it to happen . 
  russia did not have a significant presence in alaska , even though their claim was huge . 
  this was essentially the reason why russia sold the land to the us . 
  they were afraid britain was going to just take the territory , and they knew they could n't reasonably defend it , so they decided to sell it to someone else so at least they could get something , rather than just losing it outright . 
  looking at the map , it hardly looks like a `` private '' station . 
  it looks it 's shared between a lot of houses . 
  or am i just reading this map incorrectly ? 
  you realize that china is leasing lots of land in ukraine for food , right ? 
  it 's not a surprise that they would want some food imports from the eu . 
  nuclear weapons are n't usually considered in this calculation because they are so destructive that they can not be legitimately used offensively ( ie . 
  they can not be used to project power ) . 
  russia does not have logistical ability to project power across long distances such on other continents . 
  there is nothing really wrong with this ( in a way , i wish the us were more limited in its ability to wage war ) , just that it necessarily means that it 's not a superpower anymore . 
  also the terrain up to that point favored their calvary-based methods . 
  it 's unlikely they would have penetrated too far further without significant strain . 
   but all the weird blubber from the mouth of north english people ... omg , a completely new language !, 
  sort of [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unfcoda8ykm ) i have no idea what he said outside of a few words . 
  i 've always wondered whether there was any data to show that the higher speed was inherently unsafe . 
  i remember seeing some research done that indicated that a badly set speed limit ( too low ) caused accidents , but i have n't seen anything from the other direction . 
  i think for the most part people are just going to travel at the speed they 're comfortable with . 
  wow , there 's room for 5 families right there !, 
  fair enough . 
  either way , it 's a feedback system . 
  until soccer matches can start to bring in nfl-level advertisement money , nothing will change . 
  i think there 's a simpler reason : soccer matches are n't broadcast on tv in the us . 
  you usually need a special cable package to be able to watch them . 
  so therefore , no one watches soccer except for things like world cup . 
  it 's also a generational thing : kids watch sports with their family or fathers/grandfathers as a bonding experience . 
  this could be baseball , football , whatever , but never soccer . 
  until you get a generation of parents watching soccer with their kids , it wo n't change . 
  development funds , please . 
  is this really the main reason it was pushed ? 
  because if so , that 's hilariously pathetic that they are resorting to doing stuff like this to mess around with lithuania . 
  this really is a great map . 
  even though very few people seriously argue for the restoration of any of these borders , it 's still pretty good starting point to explain why the balkans are messed up . 
  hungarian reporting in . 
  shall i start by calling all romanians gypsy thieves who would rather steal from their mother on her deathbed than work a day in their lives , or would you prefer that i give detailed reasons why slovakia is n't even really a country ? 
  edit : after reading over this again , i need to make it clear that this is a joke . 
  i do n't actually think these things . 
  it 's a good cop/crazy cop routine . 
  rogozin plays the crazy cop . 
  putin plays the role of the calm collected leader that you can do business with . 
  it makes putin look great in comparison . 
  there was always a certain `` look '' from the communist times that always appealed to me in a way . 
  i guess one would call it socialist realism , but i would say that it was much broader than that . 
  yeah , the american one is accurate from my experience , especially the underlying `` wanting to do business as fast as possible '' bit . 
  the guy with the axe ? 
  thanks for the reply . 
  so the consensus is that tokamak is still the best chance ? 
  i realize tokamak has had the most resources thrown at it so it 's the most characterized , but do any of the other technologies look promising ? 
  i 've always felt the `` takeover '' of the far-right has been over-rated . 
  like any ideological movement built on intolerance , they quickly crumble once a common enemy is no longer present . 
  people just need to calm their tits and grab some popcorn . 
  the same thing will happen with isis as soon as the fighting calms down . 
  they will splinter and disappear into irrelevance . 
  i do n't know . 
  fusion research is admittedly not my expertise . 
  but all i 've seen from iter and related projects is `` here is this giant thing we can throw money at for 20-30 years ... and we 're not sure if it 's going to work like we want it to '' . 
  they are still solving many of the same problems from 50 years ago like neutron degradation . 
  there are lots of other designs that might merit serious investigation . 
  i 'm not a physicist , though . 
  [ then again ] ( http://beta.slashdot.org/story/167399 ) , fusion research funding is pretty terrible compared to what fission research received back in the latter 20th century , and it 's admittedly held up progress . 
  tokamak designs are over 60 years old now , and they still seem to have the same fundamental problems , despite each generation of reactors getting exponentially more expensive . 
  there are other fusion technologies that can be investigated that do n't cost nearly as much . 
  generally they are know as bfe ( buttfuck , egypt ) , or `` out in the sticks '' . 
   those people can actually get grenade launcher ( with permits ) and machine guns i 'm going to stop you right there . 
  you 're not incorrect , but there 's many caveats here : - machine guns built after 1985 are illegal to sell/give to civilians . 
  the total number of legal machine guns that can be owned is static , and so they are prohibitively expensive ( ~ $ 50k , though that price may have increased since i last checked ) . 
  almost no one is going to have one . 
  the same is for grenade launchers . 
   not to mention automatic rifles with various calibers i think you mean semi-automatic . 
  automatic rifles/guns are consider machine guns because they automatically fire the next round . 
  but yes , semi-automatic is barely regulated and can be purchased quite freely . 
  you can buy a handgun for about $ 200-300 if you 're cheap , or you can buy a several thousand dollar sniper rifle . 
  is this paper actually credible in russia , or have a large readership ? 
  or is this a russian version of a tabloid that no one takes seriously ? 
  theoretical ? 
  practically speaking ? 
  yes . 
  an eu accession requires unanimous approval from all member country parliaments . 
  after a certain point of expansion , getting that approval is going to be impossible . 
  just getting the rest of the balkans into the eu is going to be a diplomatic miracle , and no one at all debates that they are eligible . 
  so is there a chance that serbia will recognize kosovo as part of this process ? 
  or is that still political suicide ? 
  i ask because if serbia joins , and kosovo decided to try to join much later on , that 's going to cause some problems . 
  this is impossible . 
  many parts of the turkish borders are mountainous regions , and impossible to manage . 
  not a boat owner , but i think even speedboats do n't require any training , though you can sure as shit get fined or arrested if you 're being negligent or stupid with it . 
  i do n't disagree with some amount of training , but the point of the statement was that the german government has a habit of making things overly complicated or overly arduous when there just is n't a need for it . 
  it seems to be a very `` by the book '' mentality . 
   and by `` paperwork '' he must have meant the examn for the license or something because buying a boat certainly is n't any more complicated than anywhere else . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've heard this quote , so i 'm likely not remembering the details correctly , but the overall point is what i remember clearly . 
  it depends .
