  if i was running away from a country in war , how could i demand something more than offering me a safe stay in a safe country ? 
  that 's unthinkable to me . 
  i agree , it looks terrible and makes them look ungrateful , but everyone has their breaking point . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to assign motive to people out of a few minutes of video after years of fearing for their lives or going through an arduous and scary journey with their family . 
  if there was a statement from the people on the train saying why they were behaving that way , then it would be fair . 
  i was just pointing out other perspectives that could cause the same reaction because my dad went through similar . 
   since when water is halal ? 
  they were tossing the food as well . 
  it was just a guess anyway . 
  i really have no idea why they rejected everything . 
   they ca n't send refugees back because of the law . 
  the problem is the people who are coming , do n't want to stay . 
  but they can use video like this to paint them as economic migrants because they are n't grateful . 
  economic migrants do n't get legal protection . 
  it 's also an effective tool for politicians to say `` we need to keep the migrants out , let 's build a wall ! '', 
  or somesuch . 
   maybe they are diseased ? 
  i guess it may be easy to get a disease during such a long and dangerous journey they go through . 
  possibly , but i 've never seen other video or pictures with people doing this . 
  it 's also a cultural thing : middle easterners are picky about being `` clean '' . 
  that 's why calling someone a dog or showing them the bottom of your feet is an insult there . 
  so when a middle easterner goes somewhere where they are treated as unclean , it could be considered a giant `` fuck you '' . 
  not to say that people should n't be screened , but this probably could have been handled better . 
   they just do n't want to register in hungary , they want to go to germany . 
  which is against law . 
  no argument from me on that . 
  i think that 's one of the problems with the refugees that cause them grief . 
  but let 's also be realistic : hungary does n't want them to register there either . 
  hey everyone , before you get on the `` let 's hate these migrants '' train , let me offer a different perspective . 
  now i do n't know about this specific circumstance because there 's no context to go along with this video . 
  there 's no interview with the people here to find their motives . 
  but without knowing that , let me talk about my dad for a moment : my dad was a refugee ( fled hungary during 1956 revolution ) . 
  after he jumped the border to austria back in december of 1956 , he was a refugee camp for a few months until everyone could be sorted out and processed for their final resettlement . 
  it was filled with mostly boredom of nothing to do along with frustration at everything taking so long . 
  mind you , he and most everyone else there had just left behind everything they owned , and everyone they knew and loved , and were thrust into a world they knew nothing about it . 
  finally he is told he is going to america ( where he knows no one ) . 
  so he gets transported from austria to some german port city to take a boat to the us . 
  they get on the boat and are given german seafood that they are not used to and do n't particularly like . 
  then the boat does n't go anywhere because of some bureaucratic crap and it just sits there with everyone on it for about a week or two . 
  obviously it 's hard to get hungarian translators during this time so it 's hard to communicate and get straight answers from anyone . 
  well , finally , all the refugees on it had had enough . 
  they hated the food and the frustration of just sitting around , so they staged a hunger strike to get everything moving along and rejected all the food that was given to them . 
  they did n't eat for two days and probably behaved similarly to the people in this video . 
  finally everything that was held up moved along and the ship left , and everything went back to normal ( i think they may have loaded the ship with different food for them , but i 'd have to ask to make sure ) . 
  to put it simply : it 's really scary being a refugee ( assuming these are indeed refugees and not some economic migrants ) . 
  you are literally at the mercy of everyone around you , you do n't speak or read any of the languages of where you are headed , everything is alien and foreign to you , and there is so much uncertainty about what is going on that you feel like you ca n't do anything to help your situation . 
  you would love to just go back home where you understand everything , but you ca n't . 
  most of these people have probably never left their town or country before in their life . 
  i know it looks bad but this could easily be reaction to that . 
  just to name one possible problem with the food here : it 's highly likely they tossed the food because it was n't halal and that 's all they 've eaten in their lives ( it 's hard to tell what it actually is , so i ca n't be certain ) . 
  or that train could have been sitting there for the whole day or even longer , crammed with desperate and increasingly uncomfortable people ( on what likely was a hot day ) who think the train should be moving and do n't understand why it is n't . 
  the fact that this video is made by the hungarian police with no sound tells me there might be some political motivation behind it : make the refugees look bad so you can point to videos like this and say `` see ? 
  they 're ungrateful or are here just to take jobs . 
  we have to send them back ! '' . 
  even the masks they wear while trying to distribute food could be seen as an insult by the people there because it implies that they are dirty and diseased . 
  anyway , i 'm just saying that we do n't know anything about what happened before that video was made , and we have no statement from anyone on the train . 
  we are literally just guessing at their motives , and it might not be what it seems . 
  edit : ok , looking at the youtube channel this is from , all police videos do n't have sound , so it 's might not be politically motivated . 
  but again , without any other context , we 're just guessing as to why they behaved this way . 
  extra edit : really ? 
  i 'm going to get downvoted because i offer a different perspective ? 
  keep it classy , / r/europe . 
  extra double edit : [ here 's ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/fearful-of-refugees-hungarian-leader-says-europeans-may-soon-be-overrun/2015/09/04/84fe55ea-5271-11e5-b225-90edbd49f362_story.html ) an article that talks about the standoff shown above . 
  there was indeed a lot more going on before that video than is being discussed . 
   about a quarter of them are black american converts just to nitpick . 
  the `` converts '' are almost exclusively nation of islam converts . 
  it 's really just a black identity group that 1 ) is n't terribly big . 
  their numbers are frequently exaggerated and 2 ) is n't considered islamic by mainstream muslims because of weird doctrine and practices . 
  agree with everything else . 
  i work with lots of muslims and almost all of them are well-educated and secular . 
  they and their children do n't cause problems and they just want to be treated like anybody else . 
  i work with lots of muslims in the us . 
  if you go to their house , they retain a shitload of their culture , just as european/indian/mexican immigrants . 
  that 's not really the problem , imo . 
  i think what bjarkebjarke said is on the right track : the us rarely takes in poor muslim immigrants en masse , and the muslims that get in are mostly well-educated and secular for the most part . 
  usually they already know english and do n't need a lot of resources to get started . 
  a poor syrian migrant is going to need to swim over the ocean or fly to get here to claim asylum . 
  i think it helps that nationality is n't culturally tied to any ethnic group , which is n't so in europe . 
  also a lot more population to get diluted in compared to a place like germany . 
  you might be correct the `` distance foreign land '' mindset might make them extra sure to integrate , but i 'm not certain . 
  i do n't know what europe 's solution will be , but they all look terrible for one reason or another . 
  distributing them across the entire eu and integrating them is probably the best long-term solution , but it 's also the one that is the most politically toxic . 
  not to sound full of ourselves , but much of this can be pinned on the boom in american shale gas . 
  gas that previously had to be imported into the us is now met with local production , and the imports are diverted elsewhere like europe . 
  so even though it 's still more expensive to ship us gas to europe than to buy it from russia , the increased supply greatly limits how much russia can charge . 
  [ report about it here ] ( http://energypolicy.columbia.edu/sites/default/files/energy/cgep_american%20gas%20to%20the%20rescue%3f.pdf ), 
  not to mention if horthy was a nazi and the population was so anti-semetic , he could have started deportations years before . 
  why wait until 1944 ? 
  horthy was n't a good leader for a variety of reasons , but for people to claim he was a nazi allied with hitler or that the general population wanted the jews deported is a gross mischaracterization of the situation . 
  defending an undefendable city is not a virtue . 
  dc is located right off of a river that is easily accessible from the atlantic . 
  at the time , the british had the best navy in the world . 
  there was simply no way to stop the navy from coming and destroying dc . 
  it would have been a fool 's errand to attempt to even stop it . 
  they were better off sacrificing some of the land they knew they could n't defend and just fight a war of attrition on the rest of it , which obviously they could ( and did ) win very easily . 
  also let 's not forget that part of the reason the british invaded washington was because we invaded them first through canada . 
  we were not blameless here . 
  edit : and of course i 'm downvoted . 
   russian control over ukraine was always precarious because it rested on roughly half the country while the other half seemed to vehemently hate russia thus the orange revolution and euromaidan . 
  it was still enough to exert considerable power over the country .
