  a pontoon boat in a small lake ? 
  very doubtful . 
  a speedboat in a busy port ? 
  probably . 
  the point was n't so much the training aspect but more about how restrictive the german government can be even in some mundane everyday activity . 
  even without the rigorous training , [ fatality rates are n't terribly high ] ( http://www.uscgboating.org/assets/1/news/2012reportr2.pdf ) , though i do n't have the numbers for a country like germany to compare to . 
  i would rather nato be either exclusively european , or majority controlled by it . 
  i would like the eu to be diplomatically united enough that it can start acting as a superpower counterweight to china and the us . 
  it 's the same reason uk has naval bases all over the place : the more military bases you have everywhere , the easier it is to project power . 
  without germany , they lose a lot of power projection in europe and me . 
  but if i read [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paks_nuclear_power_plant ) correctly , currently nuclear power accounts for 40 % of electricity production . 
  the two addition reactors would bring that up to 88 % . 
  now i 'm sure the coal power plants will stay , but hungary would be a net energy exporter rather than importer with the extra capacity , or am i not understanding something right ? 
  that 's good to hear , at least . 
  hungary unfortunately does n't have a lot of land to fuck up . 
  also , if i am reading the numbers correctly , this new reactor along with the old ones would effectively make electricity in hungary carbon-free , no ? 
  i see . 
  that definitely sounds like a terribly way to do it . 
  my main concern is that the safety of the new reactor will be not be up to par compared to a french one , for example . 
  it 's scary how much i 've heard people say this about germany . 
  the way one german expat compared it was like this : `` in the us , you can go out today , buy a boat , get a boating license , and be out on the water tomorrow . 
  in germany , you must fill out lots of paperwork just buy the boat , go through months of safety training and compliance , and by the time you 're done , boating season is over and you have to wait until next year . '', 
  well , not nothing . 
  you got a nice stain on your dress for it . 
  so can someone familiar tell me what 's so bad about the nuclear deal ? 
  to me , putting hungary on nuclear seems like a no brainer ( but then again , i 'm pretty pro-nuclear ) . 
  was there obvious high-level corruption involved , or is it just the fact that russia is involved that leave a bad taste in everyone 's mouth ? 
  fyi , france was also feeding the us lots of intelligence at this time . 
  it was with the [ help of the french that the same line blew up later that same year . 
  ] ( http://www.damninteresting.com/the-farewell-dossier/ ), 
  you know , it really is incredible to think that not even 25 years ago , lithuania was minting soviet rubles . 
  ok , i 'll send jerry lewis reruns instead . 
  for the electrical engineers , [ here 's more detail about this ] ( http://youtu.be/utm2ck6xwhg ) . 
  it 's a problem unique to britain . 
  a cheeseburger and a gun !, 
  or a cheeseburger shaped like a gun . 
  whichever one your socialist gay pride land would allow . 
  i did n't mean to say that they are all terrible . 
  you are obviously correct here , and i 'm fine with the quality stuff being exported . 
  what i meant was that shows that are terrible are exported as well , and those are embarassing . 
  fair enough . 
  personally , i do n't even think it 's necessarily the people 's fault . 
  the election system is dysfunctional and was designed for an entirely different time and role of government , and it has n't adapted well to the modern era . 
  a lot of the craziness that comes out of government can be attributed to that . 
  i did n't vote for them . 
  wow , i had no idea . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  time to get back to cia headquar ... 
  i mean , uh , work . 
  i know it 's a european sub , but ... 
  some of the cultural exports and the resulting stereotypes . 
  quick : imagine a stereotype of an american . 
  was he asking for a cheeseburger ? 
  did he have a gun or a giant car ? 
  yeah . 
  i also ca n't help but feel sorry for people watching some of our terrible tv shows and movies . 
  oh , and our government . 
  i think this could work for almost the whole eastern bloc . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i would have assumed that finns ' opinions would shift based on russian craziness . 
  similar to the former warsaw pact and baltics . 
  is this an artifact from the paasikivi -- kekkonen line/finlandization , or is it something just innate in finnish culture ? 
  hungarian-american here . 
  i 'll only seen post-1867 referenced positively ( surprise for many , i 'm sure ) . 
  pre-1867 has been negative , though it is n't discussed very much outside of the 1848 revolution . 
  sissi is revered , almost worshipped . 
  i 've also seen franz josef/austria-hungary memorabilia and historical items like that hanging in people 's homes in hungary , but i think it was just because they looked cool or were just neat to have , and not because of some longing for the monarchy again . 
  i think the biggest reason it 's looked on favorably , and nostalgically is because the 1867-1914 period was the first time in about 350 years that hungary was dynamic , prosperous , and actually wielded some power . 
  obviously the rest of the 20th century was n't kind , so it only makes sense that people would look back to when things were materially better . 
  i do n't blame other nationalities in the kingdom for not liking this time period , though . 
  so what would actually have to happen for the population to change their mind on this issue ? 
  ( just genuinely curious , not trying to cause an argument . 
  also i promise i 'm not cia ), 
  these were slices of hard boiled egg . 
  i 've personally never seen it on pizza before then . 
  my wife 's italian family also found the combination weird . 
  in the us , i ca n't even think of any place that would have that as a topping that you could ask for . 
  it 's just not done . 
  i ca n't recall how it tasted so i do n't pass judgement on it . 
  a lot of soul food is just simply chicken/pork/beef . 
  the only difficult part that i can see is sourcing some of the ingredients and spices . 
  i 'm also not a cook , and have never made southern food , so that 's not helping either . 
  hah , thanks for the explanation , that certainly explains a lot . 
  that is exactly the burger as we remember it . 
  huge bun , small patty , and surprise ingredients in between . 
  it 's not all bad , really , just ... unexpected . 
  i can certainly see how locals adapted to it quite well . 
  non surprisingly , the `` closest '' to an actual burger we had was at mcdonalds . 
  the betyar burger was pretty good actually . 
  i 've often wondered if i could make a killing by opening an `` american '' restaurant in budapest with all authentic preparation or ingredients , or whether it just would n't sit well . 
  i think a lot of southern bbq and soul food would be a good fit . 
  hmmm ... interesting , i 've never heard of this divide . 
  as a first-order approximation , it kind of makes sense though . 
  i live in the north and white flight is a common thing . 
  communities are typically segregated , but it 's not unusual to have them mix at work or something . 
  i 've never lived in the south so i ca n't comment on exactly how accurate it is , though . 
  this does n't mean anything . 
  lots of countries do this . 
  my favorite is pizza with weird shit like eggs and cucumbers on it , or covered with entire sheets of ham . 
  seriously , i do n't know if it 's a language thing or not , but the hungarian versions of typical foods are just bizarre .
