  poland and hungary tried neutrality for a while . 
  it ... did n't work out . 
  [ i 'm sick of the swiss ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2xtuc6i1uo ), 
  it depends on how the force would be controlled/organized , but i doubt it . 
  here 's why : 1 . 
  there a military pool that everyone contributes to and has a vote on how to use it . 
  problem in a former british colony ? 
  good luck getting poland , romania , austria , etc to approve intervention . 
  it 's not their former colony , and it 's not in their interest to send anyone there . 
  you can already see this today with nato . 
  they contribute very little because it 's deeply unpopular at home for them to do so , since they are n't viewed as defensive wars . 
  it 's actually because of this that i do n't think nato is going to survive for long . 
  everyone contributes but there 's a military command independent of the politics . 
  again , same problem . 
  those countries are either going to contribute as little as possible , or just not contribute at all , especially if there 's blowback involved . 
  it 's not worth it to them . 
  they have absolutely nothing to gain from it . 
  you 're forgetting that it was us interventionism in ww1 that created the conditions that led to ww2 . 
  so no , unless the eu is directly threatened or attacked , i see very little benefit in projecting power abroad . 
  you 'll notice that china has mastered this pretty well . 
  they 're a global force with a lot of influence , and they do n't attack other countries on a global scale . 
  the name of the game now is economic influence , not military power ( something the us has n't really realized yet , unfortunately ) . 
  constant intervention is expensive and reckless and does n't really serve self-interest anymore . 
  btw , i 'm not talking about possible `` peace-keeping '' operations , but even those will need to be limited if there is to be popular support for them . 
  it moves money around to red states simply because they have better politicians who are very good at making sure that money is funneled to them over others . 
  it has nothing to do with the wealth of a state . 
  it 's usually wasted on projects that do n't really help anyone except a very small handful of people or political supporters . 
  it 's not considered a good thing . 
  i 'll take polish religious nutjobs over us ones any day of the week . 
  fine , but then you do n't get common defense policy . 
  a country like poland is n't going to risk its own troops over a former colony it never had . 
  france could still go in by itself , i suppose , but that kind of defeats the purpose of a common policy . 
  that 's good in some ways : no military adventurism . 
  the only real common agreement would be defense in case of attack . 
  uhhhh ... 
  the us government does not bail out its cities or states . 
  several have declared insolvency . 
  this could change in the future but there is literally no precedent for it . 
  hah , fair enough . 
  the whole `` atheist '' thing depends completely on where you were . 
  declaring yourself an atheist in the rural south : bad idea . 
  doing the same in , say , suburban new york : probably not much of a reaction at all . 
  i do n't know if they still do it , but last time i was in hungary , mcdonalds served it as a menu item . 
  you know , it amuses me how europe rightfully complains of america pushing its culture on everyone else , and then you go about demanding our fast food , probably the worst culture export we have :p burger king is good though ( though i imagine our menu items are completely different ) . 
  ... says the guy who probably lives within a few hours drive of a sea coast . 
  i have to drive about 12 hours to get to any sea coast . 
  hah , seriously ? 
  those are considered the `` last resort '' of fast food over here :p, 
  yep . 
  i frequently say that russia as a superpower is finished . 
  they ca n't even frighten their own former republics into joining their common market . 
  they are a bully with almost no punch . 
  hah , and even in this game , russia is still losing . 
  russia is honestly making eu expansion just too easy . 
  i 'm pretty sure the ukrainians will need to actually take care of all of the land and harvest , etc. 
  that 's a huge section of the economy . 
  it does n't make economic sense to send chinese people over to do the actual work . 
  from a political standpoint , this is a great deal : that 's a section of your population that has guaranteed employment over the length of the lease , all the while you get improved machinery and capital . 
  and the best part is you still get to keep all your land after it 's over . 
  they did n't buy it , they 're leasing it . 
  not the same thing . 
  i 'm not really seeing a problem here . 
  china wants a steady and price-controlled food supply for its huge population . 
  china gets food , ukraine gets money . 
  do n't try their liquor either . 
  i had topas ( or opal , i ca n't remember which one ) . 
  it tasted like unicum that had gone through a sewage line . 
  well , his kgb post was in east germany , so it would n't be surprising that he speaks it . 
  i really enjoyed `` a woman in berlin '', 
  i only listed the good ones i 've actually seen . 
  ok , i see what you 're saying now . 
  i guess the most `` efficient '' way of doing this is to somehow make the cost of borrowing high enough that it ca n't be done any further , or maybe sanctions from ecb ? 
  i 'm not really sure . 
  ideally the interest rates would be set much higher and that would fix the problem either way . 
  while those structures certainly make sense in the context of where the eu wants to go , those support structures do n't really solve that problem , though . 
  for example : the us has a common treasury and banking regulations ( for the most part ) and a fairly strong central government . 
  despite this , there are still states ( california ) , and cities ( detroit ) that spent like crazy because they could get away with it . 
  detroit has already declared bankruptcy and california is not that far behind . 
  so far , the federal government thankfully has not decided to bail them out , so they are on their own and will need to figure out how to solve their own problems . 
  there 's not really anything else you can do . 
  or maybe the [ parliament building ] ( http://images.alphacoders.com/293/293391.jpg ) ? 
  to be fair , the crisis in the eurozone were caused by those country 's politicians who had the idea that you could spend all the money you wanted and would n't have to worry about paying it back . 
  the euro itself does n't seem to be the cause ( though i do n't live in europe so maybe you have a different perspective ) . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of support structures you are proposing other than the obvious one ( bailouts ) , which i am against for the main reason of it creating a very bad precedent . 
  you have no idea how delighted i am that uk people know about `` do n't go roun roun to re ro '', 
  since no one has listed them yet : ** hungary ** - [ kontroll ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0373981/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) is a story about the ticket inspectors and other characters in the budapest metro , with some unusual events happening . 
  - [ szabads\u00e1g , szerelem ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0486219/?ref_=sr_1 ) is a fictionalized , dramatic account of the 1956 revolution and the subsequent olympic games in melbourne with the blood in the water match . 
  it 's a little bit over the top in patriotism in a few parts but otherwise it 's solid and engaging . 
  - [ the red and the white ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061537/?ref_=fn_al_tt_4 ) is probably the best war movie i 've ever seen . 
  i think it 's extremely under-rated . 
  i ca n't really describe it as there really is no plot or permanent set of characters , but the basic premise is to show the futility and chaos of war and the inhumanity that people perform to further it . 
  - [ sunshine ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0145503/?ref_=fn_al_tt_2 ) is the story of a jewish family living in budapest at the turn of the century and follows them over the generations through ww1/2 and the implementation of communism and how it affected the bonds between the family . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole country/canada/europe , but the cap for me in the us is 300gb/month and i 'm on a cable modem with no special plan . 
  i 've never heard of anyone only getting 30gb/month . 
  honestly , i kind of like the cap because the problem was that a very small minority of people were abusing the `` unlimited internet '' and using approximately 80-90 % of the available bandwidth . 
  the caps put a stop to it . 
  i 've never come close to hitting it . 
  it 's only because this is literally all we know , and because the pay law is stupid . 
  i will say , though : i do defend tipping for people who actually go out of their way to help you with something or are doing you a huge favor , but it definitely should n't be expected . 
  yes , it was meant to be sarcastic .
