  yes , you are correct . 
  i think you 'd have to be suicidal to do it the other way back then . 
  my dad jumped over the border from hungary to austria during the chaos after the revolution . 
  he was caught twice by border guards but he determined to make it and escaped each time . 
  he left his entire family behind . 
  my mom escaped 15 years later . 
  the west was lucky to not have to live under the conditions there , especially during stalin 's day . 
  the oppression and poverty was pervasive , all-encompassing , and personally devastating . 
  a careless word would mean an instant prison sentence . 
  as one example , my mom told me about how kruschev came to hungary on a state visit , and his car passed through her town . 
  so of coarse , you had to line up along the street to welcome him and show support . 
  during the parade , one guy by her casually asked someone what kruschev was hiding under his hat since he wore it so much . 
  immediately two plain clothes secret police jumped out from the crowd and took him away . 
  my dad never thought he would outlive communism , much less see it crumble from the inside . 
  1989 was glorious . 
  sort of . 
  you have to see it from their view of the past century though : you had trianon , then ww2 , the western betrayal that gave hungary to the soviets , then the brutal soviet dictatorship and the promise of help by the us and the west during the '56 uprising that ended up being a lie , and now 20 years of mediocre economic development . 
  a far right person sees the country as a constant victim to internal and external threats , and that they need to step up and defend it . 
  ( i just want to make it clear that i do n't agree with any of this far right garbage . 
  i 'm just partly explaining why they think this way ), 
  hungary : a military alliance with byzantium that ended disastrously is cited as one of the reasons that the magyars had to abandon their settlements by the black sea and conquer the carpathian basin instead . 
  wow , i had no idea that gypsy encampments are becoming so sophisticated !, 
  somehow , this will be blamed on armenians . 
  this seems like a good idea to me . 
  both economies complement each other quite nicely and it should decrease animosity between the two . 
  ... and [ the spoof ] ( http://www.eatmedaily.com/2009/01/saturday-night-lives-snl-burger-king-whopper-challenge-parody-video/ ), 
  and what major legislation have any of those parties passed that demonstrates their power ? 
  a few seats in parliament does n't really mean squat , especially when they are all in opposition and do n't have any effective control . 
  contrast that the christian right , which has a stranglehold on the republican party ( and has indirect influence on the democrats as well ) , regularly passes terrible legislation at all levels of government , and even worse , has some measure of influence on international diplomacy . 
  far right parties in europe just do n't compare , sorry . 
  they consistently only get about 10-15 % of seats because their appeal is limited , and no major parties ever pick them for a coalition because of their toxicity . 
  if they somehow manage to gain support and get into a coalition government , i might change my mind , but until then they are a joke . 
  europe 's greatest tragedy is wilson 's involvement so late in the war . 
  an entire war could have been avoided and millions saved by way of a negotiated ( and not imposed ) peace . 
  i do n't think the comparison is apt because the christian right in the us has amassed a dangerously high level of real power and influence . 
  far right parties in the eu do n't carry nearly as much influence . 
   assuming they care about catholicism , would n't they fight to keep southern and eastern europe away from northern europe ? 
  that is not at all what the catholic church preaches . 
  the church under jpii put reconciliation with eastern orthodox as a long-term goal ( and i believe it still is ) . 
  the church does not look at it as an enemy , but a sibling that split off that it now wants to work with again . 
  i think mrbubblesworth got it right : the eu is a way to prevent war and foster cooperation in europe . 
  both of those are preached by the catholic church . 
  if turkey were to join , i do n't think the church would really care for the same reason unless they were preventing from preaching or practicing there . 
  `` the proposed design for the monument - which shows an angel representing hungary being attacked by an eagle representing the third reich '' oh brother . 
  i can understand the desire for a ww2 monument , but that is just so far off the top that it 's laughable . 
  the students living on campus model is there because most families do n't live near the university that they want to go to . 
  if you live in say , chicago , and you want to go to school for engineering , you 're better off going to the engineering school hundreds of miles away because it 's ranked much higher than what you have nearby ( assuming you get admitted into it ) . 
  if there is a good school nearby , then most of the time that student will just live from home . 
  it 's definitely fun if you are somewhat responsible , but i would say it 's very bad for some of the incoming students . 
  the students who were raised in a very strict household , or ones who needed their parents on their ass to get homework done handle their new independence terribly . 
  my good friend who went to the same school i did failed out after the first year because he played video games all the time instead of classwork . 
  he just was n't responsible enough yet to live on his own . 
  unfortunately helicopter parenting is becoming more common so this will only become more widespread . 
   well at least it 's fun according to the movies . 
  like most of hollywood , a lot of it is exaggerated or made up :p, 
  unfortunately , no . 
  russia has the cards here . 
  in terms of politics , ukraine is burdened with debt , russia is supplying them with a lot and is their biggest trade partner . 
  unless the eu were to supply something in the association agreement to balance that , then there 's nothing to be done . 
  i hate to say it , but it might be better to sit this out . 
  this could easily turn into a civil war , or even a proxy war for russia . 
  that would not only embroil the eu into an expensive conflict , it would reaffirm every single terrible thing russian leadership has been saying about the eu ( they want to control and subjugate russia , we ca n't trust them to mind their own business , etc ) . 
  most move from home to go to university simply because the university they got accepted into or wanted to go to is several states away . 
  even if a family ca n't afford to pay for their child to go to university , there are no shortage of loans that you can take to afford to do so ( which is a whole different discussion with another set of problems , but regardless , it 's common to do ) . 
  i 've noticed this too with hungarian-americans , but only when they get really old ( in their 70s or older ) . 
  it was basically an alternative to putting them in a nursing home or paying someone to take care of them . 
  it works out pretty well : you get someone to babysit the kids , cook food , etc instead of paying a lot of money or sacrificing a lot of time . 
  the adult children basically just sectioned off a part of the house and made that `` theirs '' and then there was n't an issue of them getting in each other 's way . 
  i heard our american friends are experiencing a bit of a culture shock due to the shaky employment market and sky-high rent that do not enable them to move out from their parents ' houses . 
  the term used in the us is `` boomerang generation '' . 
  they move out to go to college , and then end up coming right back because of unemployment or just not bring prepared for the real world . 
  previously they would get a job and never move back . 
   when i was 20 my greatest achievement was not passing out during parties . 
  i think you 're being too hard on yourself . 
  i obviously do n't know you or what your situation , but i know people your age whose lives are just a mess . 
  if you 're not on drugs and can hold down a job for more than a month or two without being fired , you 're already in the top 50 % . 
   hell , alexander the great conquered the world by his 20th birthday well , that 's made a bit easier when you 're the son of a king and privately tutored by the greatest mind of your day :p also , i think i read somewhere that it 's expected for young adults to live with their parents for a while in russia . 
  as in you are n't expected to be on your own until you are 25-30 . 
  is there any truth to that ? 
  serious question : so do they actually know where the slavs originated from , or is this an unsettled question ? 
  i did n't pass judgement on it , i was just making an observation . 
  i personally did n't find it attractive but that 's because i 'm not used to it at all . 
  americans think all germans love david hasselhoff . 
  to be clear , you can not accidentally be in an hoa . 
  it will be very obvious that you are buying in an hoa area when you are looking around . 
  they also give you a rulebook so you know what you have to do and what the consequences are . 
  a lot of people want to live in hoas because they 've had a terrible neighbor ( who leaves trash and car parts all over their yard , for example ) which hurts your home value and looks awful . 
  hoa neighborhoods tend to be extremely clean and well kept . 
  the problem is a lot of times the hoa board gets overrun with petty douchebags who decide to hyperactively enforce rules against people they do n't like . 
  they will do things like go out with a ruler and measure how far your car tires are from the edge of your driveway and give you a fine because it was parked half an inch too close . 
  they can also create new rules to follow that are absurd and clearly directed at you . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  some are run well and are just there to make sure your property value does n't goes down , others are nothing more than little fiefdoms with a few people controlling everything . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  i was just pointing out that it 's not just the european russia that is ignored , it 's quite literally the entire eastern bloc . 
   if i tried to line dry my clothes anytime between october and march , they would get soaked and then freeze into ice sheets . 
  well , yeah , that 's why you do n't dry line during that time . 
  we do it in the summer because the alternative has us paying for gas for the dryer , as well as electricity to cool down the house that 's made warmer by said dryer . 
  it 's only minimal extra effort and saves a couple of dollars . 
  hmmm . . a quick search just seems to find some window clothes hangers that attach with suction cups ( not terribly reliable ) .
