  it makes our capitol building interior look like the inside of a train station bathroom . 
   disputes between companies is a legal problem regarding international law , that 's not what ftas handle with . 
  if i sell something to a business in canada that satisfies my country 's legal definition of an apple , but it 's not considered an apple in canada , and they want to sue me , who is going to decide who is right ? 
  you could leave it to canada 's system , or to the host country 's , but then that 's no different what we have now ( outside of tariffs , etc ) , and that 's not conducive to trade . 
  there needs to be some entity to enforce contract law , hence the harmonization . 
  this is n't even touching things like origin certification ( what if a device made for export to canada is made of 30 % foreign origin parts , is that considered a freely tradeable device ? ), 
   whatever is or is not legally a cheese , let it be traded freely , consumers will decide . 
  because a consumer has no recourse outside of going to the other country and suing , and likely losing because of the disparity between regulations . 
   we do n't need government agencies saying that x bananas are too short to be considered bananas i 'm not talking about bananas . 
  i 'm talking about chemicals . 
  some additives are legal in one country , but not in another . 
  food labeling laws are different between each . 
  this might not matter much to you or me , but if you 're allergic to something , and one side is n't required by law to list it , or they have very lax quality control , that could be a deadly incident , just to name one example . 
  the rest of your comment is about problems in implementation or granting of special favors , which i 'm against as well . 
  but even an `` ideal '' fta with no special favors or lobbying is not going to be a short document . 
   you do n't get free trade in thousands and thousands of pages filled with rules and regulations . 
   you do n't require ftas for free trade you ca n't just have a one page document saying that goods can pass back and forth without some kind of harmonization of laws or regulations between countries with a history of different legal precedent . 
  disputes between companies of two different countries need to be settled somehow . 
  heck , you could have long negotiations over what actually constitutes a cheese ( because one country 's version of it might be different from another 's ) . 
  chemicals used in one country for food are banned in another . 
  all of this takes up a lot of legal language , hence why they are hundreds of pages or longer . 
  ever been involved in a court case over something small ? 
  imagine how much paper was generated from that . 
  now imagine how much is needed for a trade agreement between two powers with millions of people and trillions of dollars at stake . 
  you want to make fucking sure that nothing unexpected is going to happen . 
  this is where the bulk of negotiation happens . 
   ftas are written and lobbied for by corporate interests in a sneaky way of reducing their competition while seemingly supporting free trade or , you know , because it expands their markets beyond what they had before . 
  that might be self-serving , but it 's not nefarious . 
  this is not to say that there is n't anything questionable in these treaties . 
  there might be , and they should rightfully be questioned and criticized , but it 's naive to just point out the length and say `` well , that 's too long so obviously it 's not free trade '' . 
   yes , but we need professional health workers to do that . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.thespainreport.com/10252/spanish-catholic-missionary/ ) seems to say that he was working for a hospital foundation there , or working in some capacity for medical support . 
  whether he was just an administrator , or an actual medical worker is unclear , but either case sounds perfectly rational to have in an area with dangerous diseases . 
  christ , what 's with all the anti-russian statements in here ? 
  the comments here seem to indicate that these people are stalin 's kgb agents and are murdering infants or something . 
  these are people on vacation who got screwed over and stuck in other countries because of a political situation that have no control over , and which they may or may not support ( and quite frankly , it 's immaterial anyway ) . 
  they need a place to stay until the situation is resolved , not your righteous indignation . 
  edit : better words . 
  yes , because these people on vacation clearly have everything to do with putin . 
  just speculating : offering comfort , support , and aid to sick people , or just the population in general who are living in terrible poverty and instability , or running a school , etc. 
  catholic aid missions are prevalent all over africa . 
  why do jews have such big noses ? 
  because air is free . 
  ( `` i do n't understand '' in hungarian ) just a minor nitpick : this actually mean `` i do n't know '' . 
  what you really want is `` nem \u00e9rtem '' , which means `` i do n't understand '' . 
  additional note : `` targu mures '' is a city in romania that was majority hungarian for a long time , and still has a huge hungarian minority today . 
  i do n't defend us policy or any experiences they 've had with them . 
  i only note that without the us , russia would be fucking around with all of them right now . 
  they know this too . 
  in any case , i 'd guess there 's something different about the people you work with , because the us obviously placed reasonably high in this survey , and i would surmise that other eastern bloc countries would be similar for the most part . 
  i 'm hungarian and i lolled . 
  a bit topical perhaps : a frenchman , a german , and a russian go on a safari and are captured by cannibals . 
  they are brought to the chief , who says , `` we are going to eat you right now . 
  but i am a civilized man , i studied human rights at the patrice lumumba university in moscow , so i 'll grant each of you a last request . '', 
  the german asks for a mug of beer and a bratwurst . 
  he gets it and the cannibals eat him . 
  the frenchman asks for three girls . 
  he has crazy sex with them , and then follows the german . 
  the russian asks : `` hit me hard , right on my nose . '', 
  the chief is surprised , but hits him . 
  the russian pulls out a kalashnikov and shoots all the cannibals . 
  the mortally wounded chief asks him : `` why did n't you do this before we ate the german ? 
  '' , the russian proudly replies : `` russians are not aggressors ! '', 
  although not all about other nations , i highly recommend reading the [ russian jokes wiki article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_jokes ) . 
  they are very clever and hilarious . 
  wow , my great great grandmother was irish so we 're practically brothers !, 
  ... you do n't write like an irishman . 
  are you sure ? 
  this is correct . 
  i 've never had any issues myself . 
  however , i have known foreigners that have assumed cops were the same as theirs and have done monumentally stupid things that almost got them shot or arrested . 
  once you know how to interact with the police properly , it 's not a problem to talk to them . 
  protip : say you would love to drink , but you are taking medication that makes it dangerous to drink alcohol . 
  yeah , i remember : /, 
  those are already pet names for my wife . 
  i can understand why , but you have to understand that us education really only talks about europe in terms uk , france , germany , italy , and maybe some spain and netherlands . 
  that 's about it . 
  all the other small countries are either mentioned in a footnote or ignored completely . 
  tv and news do n't talk about them either . 
  they are simply ignorant on the subject and do n't know any better . 
  use it as an opportunity to teach them about your country . 
  belarus is n't going anywhere . 
  they are dependent on russian gas and subsidies to keep the economy going as it is now . 
  any change now would be disastrous . 
  lots of parts of formerly communist countries look like shit . 
  poland and slovakia are no different . 
  i would n't write off a whole country over it , though . 
  this was really helpful and insightful . 
  thanks !, 
  the big one with guns . 
  in my experience ( and take mine with a grain of salt , i 've never lived there ) , you can ask about them and let them explain , but expressing an opinion or mentioning it out of nowhere will likely not bode well . 
  except the `` hungry '' puns . 
  those are just annoying as hell , and everyone has heard them about 5 million times . 
  it 's hard to convey unless you 've experienced it , but mormons and southerners come off as so polite and nice that it 's creepy at times . 
  so let 's say you 're at a southerner 's house for dinner . 
  first thing , table manners are important , and they will passively judge you for them . 
  you should thank the host for every little thing , compliment their house , dress , children , furniture , etc and be engaging without bringing up anything at all controversial . 
  there 's actual etiquette school parents will send their kids to learn these skills . 
  you wo n't ever need to go to that far into it , but there 's definitely more social rules that you 'll have to pick up on . 
  does this make sense ?
