  now if it 's challenged in court , it would probably be struck down , but that takes years and lots of money . 
  the article does n't quite make it clear : does this mean that if you can not afford a lawyer , they will provide one for you ? 
  or does this just mean that you can not be denied access to one if you wish to have one ? 
  ahhhh ... yes , the american system . 
  one of the reasons why american prisoners are overwhelmingly poor . 
  i 've always thought this was crazy when i first about it . 
  you could get accused of anything by an overzealous prosecutor , get locked up for a year for the trial , be found innocent , and then walk out with no job , a ruined reputation that prevents you from getting another , loss of friends and family , and a huge debt on top of it , and nothing at all happens to the people who did it to you . 
  it 's terrible . 
  what kind of structural problems , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  so here 's a dumb question : why ca n't greece just repudiate the debt ? 
  i understand that there are big repercussions for this , such as the inability to get loans in the future for a long time , but seeing how long it will take greece to recover , it does n't seem like a completely crazy idea . 
  is there a ecb mechanism that prevents them from doing so ? 
  would this negatively affect the rest of the eurozone so the rest of them would implement sanctions ? 
  well , i say it because my family is originally from the east , and i want to move there , and i 'm a research scientist . 
  i 'm unemployable there unless i 'm willing to take technician-type jobs . 
  yes , of course . 
  i 'm not taking sides in the conflict , btw , for exactly the reasons you described . 
  here 's my understanding ( and perhaps a serb or kosovar could correct me if i 'm wrong ? ), 
  the current area of kosovo was historically serb going back several centuries . 
  for whatever reason , albanians started to move in , and serbs moved out ( whether forcefully or just as a general demographics change , i have no idea ) . 
  this got the point where was very clearly majority albanian after yugoslavia broke apart . 
  insert nato and their bombing , and most of the serbs left flee for safety , making it almost completely albanian now . 
  so in short , no , they do n't share a heritage with the artifacts and sites there , at least not for the really old stuff . 
  i 'm not so sure , mostly because the hungarians had n't even arrived yet , and even if they had been there , they were using their [ own alphabet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rovas ) . 
  unless they 're talking about the slavs/avars who lived in the area previous to their arrival ( i have no idea if they actually used cyrillic ) , but then that 's just ridiculous , because then how far back do you go for it to count ? 
  this is n't helped by the fact that they use modern national borders . 
  it 's just not a good map without context or citations . 
  it 's a shame that there is so much talent in the east and they just move to the west . 
  the governments there really need to get their shit together . 
  there is no way israel would ever join the eu anyway , simply for the fact that there is no way in hell that they would ever join schengen , nor would they agree to the fact that eu citizens could just live and work wherever they wanted in israel . 
  muslims would immediately leap to the opportunity and just move en masse to israel . 
  the best israel would realistically agree to is some sort of free trade agreement . 
  here 's my suggestion ( and i 'm assuming here that you 're also an american ) : pick one , and just one . 
  two if the cities are really close ( like a few hour train-ride close ) , or if you are really bored quickly . 
  here 's why : your first day or two , you 're going to be jetlagged to all hell and you 're just going to be a zombie . 
  then you 're going to be rushing to see everything you possibly can in each city , and you 're not going to enjoy much of it since you 'll be in a constant rush . 
  you 're not really going to absorb the essence of the city/country . 
  you 're not going to get the nuance that each of them has . 
  and each trip to another city is basically a whole day lost to logistics . 
  if you pick one , you 'll see all the touristy crap off the bat , and then afterwards you can see the stuff that most tourists miss or that are n't as well known . 
  some historic church or building , or even just some natural features nearby . 
  after a few days you start to notice the cultural differences between you and everyone else since you 're not in a rush and you can actually observe things . 
  take a day or two and just make no other plan than wander around the city . 
  oh , and your biggest bonus is that it ends up much cheaper since your logistics are simple . 
  seriously . 
  the whole quantity over quality thing is shit . 
  you 're going to be exhausted and all you 'll have for it is pictures of the same stuff that 's in every tour book everywhere . 
  edit : oh , and one lame reason to stay in one place is you learn it 's layout decently well and if you ever return with friends , you 'll look like a genius by knowing where everything is . 
  this is n't as true anymore . 
  it 's really expensive to do business there so many are headquartering elsewhere . 
  texas has been picking up a lot lately since it 's much cheaper and it has a better business climate . 
  hmmm ... yeah , i guess i 'd bring a credit card then ? 
  i just tip the change so i do n't have to carry it . 
  if you 're carrying cash in your pant pocket in a situation like that , you 're an idiot . 
  there 's tons of places to hide cash/id that a pick pocket just would n't bother with . 
  here 's one example : your socks . 
  phone is more difficult , i suppose , but still not impossible . 
  can strip a house in a single visit !, 
  can pick your pocket in a single swipe !, 
  if i am going out in public to get completely shitfaced , i 'm not bringing anything except id and cash to get shitfaced with . 
  there just would n't be anything to steal . 
  my local microbrewery is of the super-hoppy variety . 
  i really ca n't understand how people can like it . 
  it 's so extremely bitter that any flavor is overwhelmed . 
  yes , we do . 
  no one would know what l meant otherwise . 
  what i do n't get is why he renounced the british one . 
  it 's not like they were incompatible or anything . 
  germany 's laws are just set up so that their turks ca n't have dual citizenship . 
  i 'm sure if it was n't for that , they would be much more liberal . 
  he probably could ( i think ) but he will lose the austrian one unless he manages to get government permission . 
  a lot of countries do n't let you keep more than one . 
  [ here 's a handy map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dcxtksa.png ) showing how countries handle multiple citizenship . 
   well , america will default if the debt ceiling is not raised . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  they want you to think this so they can say there 's political pressure to raise it . 
  [ here 's a great write-up ] ( http://reason.com/archives/2011/02/03/the-truth-about-the-debt-ceili ) on exactly why this is n't true . 
   it will spook the markets , damage the economy , lower the country  credit rating , increase the cost of borrowing , lower america 's standing  in the world , but most important , probably it will trigger a new  recession . 
  this is only true because they themselves make a big deal about it and use the word default . 
  so of course the markets panic . 
  if you 'll read the story posted above , there were several times where the ceiling was reached and was n't raised until months afterwards . 
  the markets did not react . 
  you 're going to get raped hard on shipping the car . 
  what i 'd suggest is this : buy a mercedes . 
  a lot of the german car makers have programs ( i ca n't remember which makers , you 'll have to check ) where you can buy a car in europe and drive it around all you want , and then when you 're done , you can bring it back to the factory and they 'll ship it to the us for you along with their normal export stock . 
  this way if you change your mind about staying , you only pay a low shipping cost for one way , instead of an expensive cost both ways . 
  or you can sell it easily and not have to worry about it . 
  also remember : if you bring your chevy/ford/gm / whatever to europe , getting parts and maintenance is going to be really expensive , just as parts and maintenance for a bmw/mercedes is really expensive in the states . 
  just a small correction : most cars in the us in the past 5 years have electronic dials on the dash that let you easily switch between miles/h and km/h . 
  i imagine this was so a car production line in canada or the us does n't need to have separate parts for two different markets . 
  although not because of this incident , the politics here are pretty much why i 'm dead set on moving to the eu at some point . 
  the political and economic attitude of the us can be summed up as `` history does n't apply to us and we can do whatever we want '' . 
  i do n't see it as a good place to permanently raise my kids over the next generation . 
  the next financial crisis might quite literally tear up the whole system in place right now , and i do n't really care to be around when it does . 
  no , it 's because it 's a classic ( and much overused ) tool in american politics . 
  you see this everywhere ( states , cities , etc ) anytime there is talk of budget cuts or the inability to raise taxes . 
  what do the politicians insist on cutting first ? 
  their salary ? 
  perhaps cut back on some of the more egregious , expensive pension plans ?
