  seems like someone could make a bit of money figuring out a way to do this cheaply . 
   periodically , the exhaust pipe of the drier becomes filled with water ( condensation ? 
  water it 's dried from the clothes ? 
  i do n't know ) i know nothing about dryers , but i have never had to do this , nor have heard of anyone doing it . 
  maybe there 's something wrong with the dryer or the way it 's connected to the exhaust ? 
  americans do n't usually include anything east of austria ( except greece and maybe czech republic/prague ) when they talk about europe because they literally know nothing about it . 
  they do n't learn anything about eastern europe in school except for maybe a brief mention of the cold war , and it 's never mentioned or talked about in any popular culture . 
  you can always find references to italy/germany/greece / uk , but never bulgaria/slovakia/etc . 
  edit : just to avoid any confusion - i 'm not saying that americans think the eastern bloc is n't a part of europe . 
  they do , unless they are particularly geographically challenged . 
  it 's just that when they are talking about europe in a general sense or say that they 've been to europe , they are almost always talking about the western countries because those are the ones that they 've at least seen pictures of or heard about in the media . 
  the only stereotype that americans have of the eastern bloc is that they are poor and rustic and are 20 years behind on pop culture . 
  drain the exhaust ? 
  what ? 
  why could n't you do outdoor drying ? 
  as long as you have a window , you can find all sorts of ways to put them outside . 
  this is exactly why it was so popular . 
  it literally took every stupid stereotype and misconception that americans had and put it into a movie . 
  edit : words . 
  not the french , but a lot of young women in eastern europe definitely did not shave their armpits until like 10 years ago . 
  many older women did n't bother with their legs either . 
  as long as you do n't live in a homeowner 's association , you would probably never have to deal with it . 
  homeowner 's associations are notorious for being very controlling of their neighborhood . 
  this may change over time with the huge cost of electricity there now . 
  things like the nest thermostat are very popular there for exactly that reason . 
  i live in the midwest and as far as i can tell , we are the only ones in the neighborhood who line dry their clothes when it 's nice out . 
  most people just prefer the convenience of the dryer and do n't really consider the cost . 
  so how ingrained is the mafia in everyday activities over there ? 
  would you only really deal with them if you want something illegal , or are they pervasive in everyday life ? 
  hah , you know , i did n't think about this . 
  i guess i should qualify my statement to account for that . 
  but what does this have to do with the guy from nantucket ? 
  i admittedly do n't have a really principled stance on this . 
  any kind of national hero is usually a villain to someone else . 
  i just think that columbus is a terrible choice to put on there compared to other people with much less controversial places in history . 
  i did some research and it turns out that columbus was on the spanish peseta before the euro adoption , so i guess it was n't as big of a deal as i thought it would be . 
  hah , good point . 
  it 's admittedly not something i really thought about ( and i 've never heard black people comment about it ) . 
  the only reason they keep the design similar after every revision is because us currency is kind of a brand and they do n't want it too different . 
  i would n't mind a new design , though . 
  i 'm not saying to erase him or otherwise not teach about him . 
  obviously he has his place in history , good or bad , and deserves credit for doing what no one else was willing to do ( sail across an unknown ocean ) . 
  the problem is that his attitude ( which is admittedly as you described , endemic to most of europe and even asia at that time ) that led to conquest of a defenseless people , and whose land was being blatantly stolen . 
  i just do n't think someone like that should be on a currency , which is usually reserved as a place of honor or pride . 
  putting him on a bill is basically endorsing the worst of europe did to the americas , and it 's something that indigenous people are still really bitter about . 
  columbus day has slowly been turned from a celebration to a more somber holiday , partially due to the activism of indigenous groups . 
  i ca n't really fault them for doing so . 
  `` for the sake of argument '' is an [ expression ] ( http://forum.wordreference.com/showthread.php?t=1186677 ) yep , this is basically what i was curious about . 
  a religious doctor is basically exempt from the rules if it for saving a life if i 'm reading this correctly . 
  it was just an example i was using to find an answer . 
  i do n't know any observant jews so i was musing publicly . 
  the obvious solution : [ eternal copyright !, 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/technology/adrianhon/100007156/infinite-copyright-a-modest-proposal ), 
  you 're describing fractional reserve banking . 
  i do not believe that is against islam , is it ? 
  i was under the impression that it was really just interest that was the problem . 
  right , but lets just say for the sake of argument that the entire hospital was staffed by orthodox people . 
  do they get a pass because lives are at stake or are they reliant on non-observant people to do some of the `` forbidden '' work ? 
   aristotle tutored alexander the great and therefor , is n't aristotle also somewhat responsible for the atrocities committed by alexander the great , at least to a significant extent ? 
  likewise nietzsche 's philosophy became a justification for nazism and wider varieties of fascism . 
  i think it 's a stretch to say that either endorsed or were otherwise responsible for the terrible things done by others . 
  they are also much more widely known for their other work . 
   we should n't only celebrate our pacifist role models . 
  i agree , and i do n't advocate for such . 
  for me the main difference with columbus ( compared to say , churchill ) was that the people he fought and enslaved were quite literally defenseless against him , he did it for nothing more than greed , and it set a legacy of oppression for centuries . 
  it 's always made me wonder how hospitals in israel work on the sabbath . 
  are they just considered exempt from some of the rules because of the work they do , or do they have non-jews operate some of the equipment during this time ? 
  wait , this comes out to less than 5 cents/kwh . 
  that seems very low . 
  are these wholesale prices or something ? 
  i 'm not czech , but all my family in hungary raves about skodas . 
  they love those things . 
  apparently they 're known to be specially reliable ? 
  i do n't really agree , at least in terms of putting people on your currency , which is basically an endorsement of that person from the government . 
  i think it would be similar to russia ( or georgia ) putting stalin on the banknote , because he turned a backward farming country into a feared superpower . 
  it 's definitely impressive , but i do n't think it 's praiseworthy in light of everything else he 'd done . 
  i agree that no person is a saint , and you will inevitably find faults with everyone , even aristotle or beethoven , but i think the key difference is this : aristotle/beethoven did not hurt anyone at all in creating what they are most known for . 
  columbus very much did , and even did so himself maliciously . 
  more pragmatically : a lot of south american countries would lose their collective shit . 
  it would be a huge diplomatic mess . 
  edit : i would also request that people not downvote slyrachet . 
  i do n't agree with his opinion but this is on topic and he is not being disrespectful at all . 
  jewish sabbath law is hilarious in the same way . 
  you 're not supposed to flip a switch to turn something on on the sabbath , so instead they came up with devices that work through convoluted means so you 're not technically breaking the law while still using the device . 
  one oven i saw had a `` sabbath mode '' so that it would automatically turn on all day during the sabbath so you could still cook without pressing anything . 
  it 's especially amusing to me given that the rules were supposed to be for a day for rest , and it seems that you end up doing a lot more work and worrying because of them . 
  i believe the current design was done so that the architecture represented the most common styles without alluding to specific buildings . 
  i think it was so that a country would n't feel left out if its specific building was n't featured . 
  i agree with what you said , but i think columbus is a terrible choice . 
  he is everything that represents the worst of european imperialism . 
  he was a torturer , murderer , and had no qualms about enslaving indigenous people to do what he wanted . 
  columbus day in the new world is slowly being erased because of this legacy . 
  i personally think a good compromise would be that each country that uses the euro gets to put their own selection on the notes they make , just like the coins . 
  is there a reason why croatia is in the eu but not the eea ? 
  i thought the eu superceded the eea ? 
   interestingly , if i remember correctly , iceland is a country that has no army and relies solely on nato 's forces . 
  it 's because during the cold war , iceland 's position in the atlantic was considered so critical that it was beneficial for them to join nato even if they did n't contribute anything . 
  pretty easy : reasonable copyright length . 
  seriously , 70 + years is just ridiculous . 
  10 to 20 years max if you have to have copyright .
