  but yeah , nothing about them searching mail . 
  were n't they also searching large diplomatic bags from the ecuadorian embassy ? 
  it was to prevent julian assange from veing smuggled out . 
  `` oh , these are better than legos ! '', 
  i imagine also calling them legos instead of just lego really upsets them as well . 
  hmmm . . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  over here the marriage is easy to get , but getting residency because of it is a long process that takes months or years . 
  they ask all sorts of personal questions to make sure that it 's not a sham . 
  yes , but it seems that most have a long lead time . 
  is just bureaucracy or are there laws preventing it from happening immediately ? 
  it 's great that russia is improving , but i seriously doubt it 's going to come close to western europe or even parts of central europe for a while . 
  if oil prices suddenly collapse , the entire country is screwed ( almost half of all gdp is just from oil . 
  that 's bad ) . 
  the amount of corruption tied to that part of the economy is also stunting growth from what it could be . 
  i also do n't think the birth rate will stay where it is for a long time . 
  no country has managed to permanently bring back a large birth rate after it 's fallen . 
  to expect that rate to continue for the decades needed to catch up is unrealistic . 
  i do n't disagree that they will see much more growth for a while than most of europe , though . 
  the eu will be stagnant for quite some time . 
  so something new i 've been learning about europe is that getting a marriage license takes a while . 
  why is this ? 
  i live in america and i could meet a girl tonight and we could just decide to get married tomorrow morning and that would all be legally fine . 
  so why the delay ? 
  oh man , can you share some of these slurs ? 
  i would love to hear what russians call other ethnic groups behind their back . 
  or are they all interchangable so it does n't matter ? 
  this is n't limited to just britain . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole continent , but central/eastern europe are exactly the same way . 
  i just assumed it was because electricity is too expensive to waste on something frivolous like ice . 
   as for eu citizenship , i do not recall where i mentioned that , but that is not the case . 
  you did n't mention it , but you already replied earlier that you checked , so nevermind . 
   i want to study within the social sciences discipline ... international relations , european studies , development ... ect as others have said here , i would really really check on the job market for this . 
  my wife was told much of the same shit with her social science degree , and it ended up being completely worthless . 
  getting a master 's in her area would only really qualify her for some crappy social work type jobs that do n't pay very well . 
  if your internship was paid , then that 's usually a good sign . 
  an unpaid internship usually means that the job market is heavily saturated . 
  also , if the job is in demand , it should be easy to find an organization that would pay for your tuition for an employment commitment . 
  that would be the better way to go than paying out of pocket . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot who ca n't read usernames . 
  so can someone who is qualified talk about the antibiotics for livestock problem ? 
  i know that antibiotics for people are heavily overused and bacteria are adapting , but are livestock bacteria adapting as well and is it a serious issue ? 
  i do n't know how it is in europe , but in america you 're not allowed to go to a cattle farm in one part of the country in the morning , then hop on a plane and go to another farm in a different part . 
  so it seems that this problem ca n't be as widespread there since there is de facto quarantine and little movement of cattle between farms . 
  this would be a lot easier to answer if we knew what you were studying and why you are wanting to go to europe rather than america . 
  as mentioned in the thread , your family history may qualify you for eu citizenship which would make things much easier as well . 
  this really is the heart of the problem . 
  get rid of the subsidies and i think most of the overfishing problems would disappear . 
  it just would n't be commercially viable for so many to do it . 
  edit : i do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
  hungary is also similar in this regard from my observations , though perhaps not as extreme . 
  women are expected to do the housework , cook , raise the kids , and generally have a job as well . 
  and yeah , the men do not give a single fuck about their appearance . 
  buying residency is one thing , but buying citizenship is stupid . 
  you are making it clear that your history and culture are not as important as money . 
  you also do n't really get a chance to vet who you 're giving it to , unlike if there was a residency requirement . 
  edit : sorry , meant selling citizenship is bad for your culture and history . 
  obviously if you 're buying it , you do n't care . 
  heh , fair enough . 
  i just thought it waa an interesting discussion and just added my own two cents to add . 
  for a long-term military conflict , yes , you 're right in that russia would probably win . 
  the costs would be enormous though , and the mass killings that would be required to subdue to the whole country would could them dearly internationally . 
  invading an eu country will immediately bring swift diplomatic retribution , the allies do n't even need to bring a single soldier . 
  russia 's economy is almost exclusively dependent on oil . 
  eu/north america would do an immediate embargo , and likely many others would join as well . 
  their economic crash would be so fast and devastating that the russians would have no choice but to overthrow the government . 
  anyway , russia likes to talk a lot with regards to poland but i do n't think that they are really that stupid . 
  it 's just sabre-rattling just to show that they can still cause some anxiety with the west and bring in some votes at home . 
  yeah i 'd like to know this as well . 
  i 'm guessing it 's because they were close , were n't behind the iron curtain , and were n't culturally alien like north africa . 
  i thought it sounded like a forced west-coast american english . 
  whoop , sorry , i was talking 1871-ww1 . 
  oh please , like france , uk , or russia did n't do the same exact crap . 
  germany just happened to be at the losing end when everything exploded into ww1 and then the us went to the allied side . 
  great to see the hungarians going back to siberia !, 
  damn it , i hate it when my cat walks all over my keyboard . 
  correct . 
  i do not defend him attacking other countries at all , and he should rightly be criticized about that . 
  even his foreign minister saw what a huge mistake it was and killed himself the night they invaded yugoslavia . 
  that 's still quite a bit different than saying that he was a nazi collaborator . 
  he constantly imprisoned the head of the hungarian nazi party ( arrow cross ) , just as one example . 
  apparently the americans agreed since he was never charged with anything . 
  heck , even stalin said he should n't be charged with anything . 
  the replies further down the comments sum up everything pretty well : he made some catastrophically bad decisions at critical times , but he was not a follower of hitler ( and tried to do what he could to preserve independence ) . 
  he was authoritarian , but i would n't say he had `` close ties '' with hitler . 
  he realized early on that another war was coming and that he was going to be forced to pick a side . 
  hungary was in a very difficult geopolitical position and there was no easy way out of it while preserving autonomy . 
  do n't forget that at the time , it really did look like germany was going to win the war outright . 
  it 's also arguable that if it was n't for him , the jews in hungary would have been expelled much earlier , before the germans installed their puppet government . 
  he did made some downright awful decisions , especially with regard to supposed allies like yugoslavia and czechoslovakia , and he should rightfully be criticized for it , but i think it 's a bit extreme to say that he himself was a nazi . 
  in the end , i do n't think he 's particularly praiseworthy nor terrible . 
   the far-right credits him with saving hungary after the disaster of world war i , while leftists consider him a nazi collaborator . 
  like usual , the truth is somewhere in between . 
  this is a great time to plug the movie [ the lives of others ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_lives_of_others ) . 
  good luck with that . 
  yes , but the number coming to the us was much bigger than the rest . 
  there were 4 million that came in the span of 2 decades . 
  that 's about 4-5 % of the then-us population . 
  no other country send that many in that short of a time .
