  last thursday, 
  i would love to see the fallout if there were an attempt to do this for the hungarian national anthem ( himnusz ) . 
  the whole song is a plea to god to stop being invaded . 
  everything else has already been said . 
  to me , it looks like there will be another war in the near future . 
  the nagorno-karabakh conflict is unresolved , azerbaijan is really sore about it , they have a much larger population ( and is still growing while armenia 's has remained flat ) , and armenia is poorer and has fewer resources . 
  unless i 'm missing something here , that 's a recipe for a another war . 
  well , except for that whole trianon thing :p, 
  there is now . 
  danish people really like eggs . 
  albanians sing during sex . 
  things overheard during an nsa eavesdrop . 
  that 's not the point i 'm making . 
  whatever our relations with our neighbors , if mexico suddenly joined a military alliance with russia ( or china ) , there is no way the us government would be ok with it just for the fact that it 's right at their border . 
  i 'm not saying that the baltics are wrong , because they are n't . 
  i 'm just saying that russia 's attitude is completely understandable . 
  oh , i 'm not disparaging the decision . 
  i 'd be doing exactly the same thing if i were in the baltics . 
  i 'm just saying that to russia eyes , they see an obviously us-dominated military alliance right at their border , who has already been unfriendly to their interests ( serbia ) when their were most vulnerable . 
  of course they are n't going to be ok with it . 
  i do n't trust russia , but i completely understand russia 's position here . 
  it would be like canada or mexico deciding to join russia 's military alliance . 
  the us just would n't let it fly . 
  my question is would russia care about this as much if nato did n't have the us . 
  probably not . 
  yep , and that is n't going to suddenly disappear on a higher level of government . 
  the us government is enormous , bloated , and stupid . 
  it 's spending is currently about 25 % of gdp and has enormous power to intervene in the average citizens life . 
  this is the same government that is prosecuting an inane drug war and killing people abroad . 
  any large government is going to be like this . 
  and despite this enormous size and power , not even the federal government has the ability to remove a sitting governor or corrupt state legislature , unless the corruption involved breaking federal law . 
  hey , dumb american here , but are all phones on a per minute basis , and data charges on a per mb basis ? 
  can you even do a phone contract like the us if you wanted to ? 
  and why are the charges different across the eu ? 
  does each country have its own phone provider that has its own rate ? 
  a strong central government is not immune to corruption ( and just based on several examples in the us , tends to be amenable to it ) . 
  creating an entity that 's strong enough to go in and `` fix '' a member country 's problems invites far more problems than it will solve . 
  concentrating power tends to attract power-hungry people . 
  i do n't know what the solution is , but it 's culturally engrained there and does n't seem to be simple to solve . 
  edit : btw , i 'm not suggesting that the eu ca n't do things to help , but forcing out a nation 's leadership unilaterally is a very bad precedent . 
  because to be able to do that , you need a central government with a huge amount of power , and that 's more dangerous than the corruption . 
  do people not use air conditioning in hungary because it 's too expensive or for some other reason ? 
  i feel like i 'm going to die there in the summers . 
  also , great news about the water polo . 
  they made me look like an idiot during the olympics when i told people they were going to win and they did n't even place . 
  well , that 's a shitty attitude . 
  it left out ww2 and some smaller invasions like the romanians , but basically accurate . 
  this happens often enough that some think the land is cursed ( look up curse of turan ) also the national anthem ( himnusz ) is different from most others because it 's a plea to god to stop invasions . 
  it was written in 1823 . 
  igen , de nem nagyon jo :( if it was possible , i 'd really like to live there for at least a while to finish learning the language . 
  it 's just a joke about cheating because most of the posters of facts are not hungarian :p, 
  fun fact : a family friend we know in budapest was the school teacher to a lot of those people 's kids . 
  we was pointing out a bunch by name without reading the tags . 
  i think `` successfully '' is a bit of an exaggeration :p, 
  that 's an amazing story . 
  this . 
  i 'm an american , so admittedly , i 'm not familiar with a lot of the workings of the eu , so i ca n't comment on much of [ / u/cameron94 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/cameron94 ) criticisms . 
  i do however , feel qualified to say that this analysis is correct . 
  sorry , but compared to america , the uk ( and every eu country by itself ) just does n't matter on a global scale . 
  the uk/nato follow american foreign policy because the us demands it . 
  and until they provide an alternative to nato ( or at least becomes unified enough that they do n't care what the us says ) , they are going to continue to be puppets . 
  examples : * julian assange . 
  nowhere else in the world would i be able to find an example of a country threatening to storm an embassy for someone wanted for a domestic crime , and you have the us to thank for that . 
  * british guantanamo detainees . 
  ~ ~ do you think the us would have even dared to take a chinese or russian citizen as a detainee ? 
  and how many uk detainees were and there and how long did it take to release them ? ~ ~ yeah , this is wrong , as i 've discovered . 
  there were chinese and russian nationals . 
  * the whole incident with evo morales ' plane getting grounded is scary , quite frankly . 
  it clearly illustrated that the power the us has on other countries , and it also clearly showed that the us does not care that it will cause political fallout for them . 
  edit : formatting and another example, 
  - best hospitality in the world - gorgeous women - spicy food - has one of the worst geopolitical locations and terrain on earth - siberian nomad language that is n't indo-european - really like polish people - pessimistic about everything admittedly , i cheated . 
  i 'm american but both my parents are hungarian . 
  i think the commonality depends on your economic status ( neighborhood ) . 
  i 'm in a `` poorer '' area and i 've yet to see anyone use a leaf blower outside of a landscaping company . 
  the lawns in my areas also are n't terribly well kept ( they 're mowed regularly , and maybe some fertilizer/weed pulling , but otherwise are n't maintained ) . 
  no one i know owns a leaf blower . 
  they just are n't that practical unless you 're a landscaper since you 'll only use it 2-3 times every year . 
  i myself just do n't give a damn about my lawn as long as it is n't barren . 
  i do n't even rake . 
  i just let the leaves cover the lawn and it gets chopped up when i mow the lawn anyway . 
  maybe we should have an `` ask an american '' thread ? 
  it 's also not like there is a great alternative at this moment . 
  i do n't really have a choice in what i can put in my car to get it to go , and electric cars are either terribly expensive , or have such low range as to make them impractical in my case . 
  i try to drive as little as possible , but that 's about all i can do until something that does n't use oil is practical . 
  this is more true than you realize : /, 
  this sadly took me a few minutes to get : /, 
  please tell me there is video of this . 
  while what you said it true , it really just is n't assad . 
  * anyone * who would be running the country would do the same thing . 
  all of the middle eastern borders are artificial with many ethnic and religious groups that hate each other in the same country . 
  you need a terrible strongman to hold something like that together ( also incidentally why almost all middle eastern dictatorships are secular ) . 
  the whole `` bring democracy to the middle east '' idea was a non-starter from the beginning . 
  it had no hope exactly because of this . 
  in terms of middle eastern policy , you can pick any two , but not all : stability , democracy/free society , or current borders . 
  historically the west has chosen stability and the same borders . 
  it was w that threw democracy in there and upset the whole thing . 
  i do n't think the genie can be put back in the bottle at this point so we 're going to have to accept new governments and borders there . 
  just wanted to add in a separate post that [ this article ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/fearful-of-refugees-hungarian-leader-says-europeans-may-soon-be-overrun/2015/09/04/84fe55ea-5271-11e5-b225-90edbd49f362_story.html ) explains a lot more of the situation behind the video and offers a bit more perspective . 
   still , people in the video show no respect . 
  if i needed help how could i expect someone to do something for me when i did n't respect them ?
