  it 's really nothing to be concerned about . 
  i hope you know hungarian or german , btw . 
  english is actually not that great to get around with outside of the touristy areas . 
  they still had their fair share of ethnic cleansing . 
  it was said that some baltic ss divisions were more ruthless to the jews than the actual germans were . 
  this is also a great time to mention something that i usually never get the chance to : my next door neighbor growing up in indiana turned out to be a lithuanian war criminal and got deported for war crimes . 
  that was neat . 
  if the purpose of the eu is to prevent future wars , then involving it in unresolved conflicts defeats the purpose . 
  this does not look like it will be resolved peacefully . 
  it 's also not like they are suddenly being invaded . 
  this has been ongoing for over 20 years . 
  even so , it really should be a requirement that any potential member has to be free of unresolved conflicts . 
  it can lead to entanglement in some wars otherwise , regardless of how long the process takes . 
  uhhhh ... am i the only one who thinks this is a bad idea right now ? 
  the nagorno-karabakh conflict is not resolved , and in fact could flare up again soon given the current power shift in azerbaijan 's favor . 
  that could potentially draw the eu into it as well . 
  generally the rule is that you have to apply for asylum in person . 
  this is just so you do n't get hundreds of thousands of applications . 
  why the system is that way , i have no idea , that 's just the way it is . 
  this . 
  the us is n't going to give a visa to someone they suspect is going to ask for asylum , and it 's not exactly easy to sneak in illegally . 
  edit : downvote me all you want , but it 's completely true . 
  the eu is significantly easier to get into than the us if you 're in africa or the middle east . 
  share some ? 
  any good east german jokes ? 
  i lolled at this one . 
  i got ta say , germans must have immeasurable patience or guilt to put up with being constantly associated with nazis even today . 
  edit : accidentally a phrase, 
  hungary so i can finally be fluent in their nomadic siberian language . 
  we happened to be involved in conflicts that we did n't handle very well ( peace treaties in the first one , handing half of europe off to the soviets in the second ) . 
  just because our motives for doing so were not entirely selfish does not mean we were `` saving the world '' . 
  why have the mods do it ? 
  unless there is some reason they would n't approve , just do it . 
  i quite frankly hate most mainstream american movies and am always on the lookout for new things . 
  i 've never seen this particular movie so thanks for the info . 
  if you are learning the intricacies of our legal system through our movies , i really hope you never end up in a courtroom . 
  it will end badly . 
  well , we upset a balance of power in the first war , basically lied to the central powers to get them to surrender , and then let harsh treaty terms get imposed on them , thereby unknowingly causing a second war . 
  as for the second one ... 
  i think any average russian would vehemently disagree about the `` single-handedly '' part . 
  well , except those two times ... 
  imagine that kid you knew in school who was pretty smart but was a total dick about it because his parents convinced him he was a genius . 
  that 's edward teller . 
  uhhh ... because not every person is the same ? 
  it 's also because the type of person motivated enough to escape probably hates everything about the system . 
  you 're forgetting about the others that have n't madr any attempt to escape : many of them are supportive of the system in some way . 
  yes , but if you are born into that cell , and are indoctrinated everyday that everything outside of that cell is bad , and they provide you with everything you need , and then suddenly you are thrust out into a world that is completely alien and scary to you , after a while a prison cell does n't look so bad . 
  it 's also because he was strong , feared , and he transformed a backwards peasant society into an industrialized superpower in the span of two decades . 
  the cost was enormous , but some people are willing to overlook it . 
  or to look at it another way : many eastern block residents see it ( and russia in particular ) as weak . 
  it could not even prevent the bombing of serbia or stop the expansion of nato . 
  stalin would n't have put up with it and would have projected power to do it . 
  it 's exactly the same reason why putin is fairly popular : he does n't put up with us bullshit and is willing to stand up to it . 
  for comparison , the us homicide rate is 4.8 per 100,000, 
  even communism had some popular qualities to it , especially in terms of job security . 
  no political figure is ever perfect , and i agree that allies during ww2 committed war crimes ( for instance ) , but even then i think the crimes of churchill are not on the same plane as stalin . 
  source : both my parents lived under stalinist rule . 
  i do n't really accept that premise because it does n't seem to be based on any evidence . 
  but then this begs the question : so then no country can ever legalize because of this ? 
  oh sure , no disagreement there . 
  there needs to be punishment for crimes . 
  i just hate the general us attitude of `` lock them up and forget about them '' without even trying to help prevent it again in the future . 
  you mean like after alcohol prohibition ended in the us ? 
  it just means that `` drug gangs '' are going to buy it in spain and smuggle it elsewhere . 
  you 'll still see a large decrease in violence since now the state is involved in property protection or to settle disputes . 
  you are correct though that unless there is a large eu consensus , the borders would end up closed very quickly . 
  based on context , it sounds like a suspended sentence . 
  we also have that in the us , though it 's used rarely or for first-time offenses . 
  that 's pretty messed up if they can get off that easily . 
  regardless , i 'm not sure that locking people in a jail is really a solution either . 
  evidence seems to indicate that most criminals can be reformed , but jail seems to be the worst way to do that . 
  yeah , it 's truly awful what it 's going to the average black american family . 
  many grow up with no father since he 's in jail , creating a cycle of incarceration . 
  it 's also almost impossible to get a respectable job after you are in prison . 
  no one wants to hire an ex-felon , so they end up doing menial work for low pay , so the poverty cycle continues . 
  it 's shameful , and the only political will right now is to incarcerate more or get `` tougher on crime '' . 
  possibly . 
  denmark does do jus sanguis : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_nationality_law it appears that you would need to prove your parent is a citizen and then yourself . 
  it also appears they are currently discouraging dual citizenship at the moment so you just might be out of luck right now . 
  i would double check to be sure though . 
  it 's also not a life change at all . 
  you submit paperwork and get a passport in the mail a short while later . 
  that 's it . 
  that is one way to put it ( that most are not criminals ) . 
  if you are put into a court , much of the system is stacked against you . 
  prosecutors have enormous power in the courtroom . 
  they will bully and intimidate you into accepting a plea ( normally by charging you with felonies with absurd prison time ) . 
  the lawmakers do n't help either : us law is so vast that average citizens are literally committing felonies without even realizing it until they are charged with something . 
  now that 's not to say china or russia have better legal systems ( i really do n't know ) , but i just would n't call the comparison completely absurd . 
  other than absorbing loan words and idioms , this is n't really a problem until parents stop speaking to their kids in their native language . 
  so far , that does n't seem to be a problem anywhere . 
  maybe conditions are n't as bad , but the us imprisons far more of its population than either of them , so there is some truth to it . 
  no , [ they do n't ] ( http://www.famm.org/repository/files/chart%20all%20fed%20mms%202.25.13.pdf ) . 
  and their use is expanding because politicians are finding that implementing them makes them look `` tough on crime '' and helps them get elected . 
  even if what you said were the case , the government has other methods to keep you in for a long time . 
  they can decide to charge you with hundreds of counts of a crime so that you 'll plea , otherwise you will get a sentence for each single count you are convicted with . 
  even people who are not doing anything wrong are finding that they have inadvertently [ broken federal laws ] ( http://kottke.org/13/06/you-commit-three-felonies-a-day ) . 
  at least in a latvian prison , i would have some hope of getting out . 
  many crimes have absurdly high minimum sentences that the judge must impose by law . 
  the whole us prison system is horribly corrupt and broken .
