  i think that might be because i 'd say we probably have more in common with germans than any other nation in europe . 
  whether i 'd enjoy it more than the uk i 'm not sure . 
  dead link . 
  yeah or km or track per capita or something . 
  could n't believe it when i found out about this . 
  i was there literally the day before it happened . 
  very sad indeed . 
  this is bs . 
  i went to china over the summer and felt extremely welcome . 
  maybe because i 'm white though , because they seemed to love seeing white people over there . 
  - eu membership - whether we will leave . 
  - scottish independence . 
  - muslims . 
  - the usual suspects - nhs , education , economy . 
  you have a british patriotic song played at your graduation ceremonies over there ? 
  well i too , find that funny :d, 
  i 'm not quite a citizen , but i think i 'm like one level below citizenship for canada or something like that . 
  basically i lived there when i was younger because my dad is an engineer and had a job out there , and apparently i can just move there any time if i so wish . 
  british people love to just take the piss out of themselves , and not take life too seriously i 'd say . 
  i do n't really know why we are this way though . 
  we love to annoy the germans too , but we like them deep down . 
  the first ones i think of are : - [ i vow to thee , my country ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feuxgazda-g ) - [ jerusalem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8vh0sbeu20 ) - [ rule britannia ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xphl4q86t4 ) - [ land of the hope and glory ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpewpk_dl7m ) - [ there 'll always be an england ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfsd7q5qas4 ) . 
  ah , a bit of churchill , some footage of the raf kicking the luftwaffe 's arse , and then there 'll always be an england . 
  what more could i want ?!, 
  for those that do n't know , england does n't actually have a national anthem . 
  god save the queen is just the national anthem of the united kingdom , but then england just use it at sporting events etc. 
  personally though i 'd like to see land of the hope and glory to be made england 's national anthem , it 'd certainly be infinitely more patriotic than the tripe that is god save the queen . 
  there 's a difference between ` nothing special ' and ` really ugly ' . 
  the millenium dome , really ? 
  excuse my ignorance , but what is the area in the south west of england ? 
  i guess it 's just because holding your money in the form of btc may be seen as safer than keeping your money in a greek bank account right now . 
  then once this mess is over you can sell the btc back again . 
  you can buy 0.00001 btc if you like . 
  you do n't have to buy 1 btc . 
  so either way you 're going to be happy to see innocent people suffer in poverty ? 
  well what a lovely chap you are , 
  what do you mean ? 
  people choose to want to live in poverty ? 
  are you high ? 
  yeah lololol lets watch innocent people suffer in poverty for the good of the eu , wo n't that be great ?!??!!, 
  now they just need to get themselves to the winchester , have a pint , and wait until all this blows over . 
  it 's easy to say that when your country does n't have migration problems that result directly from being in the eu . 
  what annoys me is how the major fas of the world do n't work together more . 
  if say 8 major countries pulled out of a world cup and hosted their own tournament , it would make a complete mockery of the tournament . 
  they have more power than fifa if they just work together ... 
  except america probably has the most diverse landscapes of any country in the entire world , certainly more diverse than even the whole of europe . 
  so there is that . 
   yet another proof that bulgaria is the greatest country to live in . 
  is this guy trolling ?!, 
  how does this prove how good bulgaria is as a country in any way at all lol ? 
  mate this is a subreddit for europe , not the eurozone , 
  we 're no . 
  we 're no . 
  why would n't they ? 
  i see no problem with using the word if it 's a selfie . 
  this photo is n't even a selfie though , but if it was i would n't see an issue . 
  i mean it is a legitimate official word of the english language that is now in the dictionary , after all . 
  well this will just play right into farages tactic of playing the victim and being anti establishment . 
  [ and second place is awarded to ... 
  the leader of is !, 
  ca n't wait for the awards ceremony and the brilliant acceptance speeches we have to look forward to !, 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35048796 ), 
  i take it you 're unaware who came second ? 
  exactly to number 1 . 
  i mean second place went to the leader of is . 
  if anything i would n't want to come first place on a list where the leader of is is placed second, 
  second most popular according to what measure ? 
  a google search is telling me its the 9th most popular sport, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i think it could make it harder for the tories to win a majority ever . 
  if you have 2 labour parties which each appeal more to separate sets of people they may combined get more votes than the current labour party and thus make a majority for the tories less likely . 
  it 's why we need pr . 
  the main argument against pr seems to be ` oh well you would never get a majority government ' . 
  fucking good . 
  the lib dem/tory coalition was much better than this monstrosity . 
  having 2 or 3 parties in power instead of 1 would mean a broader range of policies which represents the wishes of the wider general public , and yet people use this as a reason to not use a pr type system ? 
  it baffles me . 
  but the candidates can only stand if they are nominated by mps ( as corbyn was ) . 
  so he , or someone like him , would be relying on the backing of mps initially before they could even run . 
  there seems to be some debate currently though as to whether corbyn could run in the next leadership contest even if no mps back him as he 'd be the current leader so may automatically be able to run that way without backing . 
  it 's still a daft point to make . 
  if people are n't bothered to turn up to vote then they obviously do n't give much of a fuck either way . 
  if they did then they 'd have voted . 
   this is n't `` betrayal '' , it 's compromise , and it 's fundamental to coalition government . 
  yes this is very true . 
  but i think to many people would say they should have said ` well okay we understand that tuition fees cant be scrapped in the current economic climate , but as a compromise we will allow them to be kept at the current level . ', 
  i think where it crosses the line from compromise to betrayal is when they do the total opposite of * their flagship policy * whilst in government . 
  it would have been like ukip going into a coalition and then agreeing to a policy of supporting membership of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure at least in the uk studies have shown that tax brought in from cigarette sales raise more money that the additional cost to the nhs of smoking-related illnesses . 
  edit : it 's actually by quite a huge margin as well ( # 14bn brought in by tax vs # 2bn cost to the nhs ) . 
  most other costs come from loss of productivity due to premature deaths and cost to businesses of smoking breaks . 
  do n't you have any flood defence systems like how we have the [ thames barrier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thames_barrier ) in london ? 
  monty python references make everything better, 
  well i see what you mean , but just when you compare it to * landing humans on the fucking moon * it kind of seems minor in comparison . 
  but yeah of course it 's still a great achievement and it 's good that we 're progressing , even if much much more slowly now than the 60s/70s . 
  great news !, 
  it makes me very sad indeed that being born in 1993 , i have never seen anything spectacular happen in my lifetime in terms of space exploration . 
  really , if the cold war had never happened , i wonder if man would have gone to the moon at all even by now . 
  i hope this is the start of taking space exploration more seriously . 
  i mean i can see why people see it as a waste of money compared to healthcare , education etc , but i see it as this : you are * always * going to have problems that can possibly be fixed by money , so there is * never * a ` good ' time in that sense to spend money on ` space ' , but i just see it as such an important thing for humans to try and discover all of the wonders of the universe , and of course the absolute ultimate goal of finding others like this .
