what did i miss ? 
  dat east/west germany divide . 
  well * technically * we just had a 99 year lease for hong kong and that lease simply expired . 
  we always knew it would return to china . 
  ... exactly , he supports conservatives so scotland breaking away will only make them stronger in what is left of the uk . 
  the % of seats that they have will jump up . 
  spain ? 
  with the shit their economy is in you think they 'd host a world cup ? 
  we would be an obvious choice . 
  there are n't a large number of countries that can host such a large event on such short notice , but we are certainly one of them . 
  i wish i was better at talking to strangers !, 
  was it not awkward ? 
  in my experience it 's hard to actually make it happen though . 
  it is technically but i thought many still consider themselves eastern european ? 
  we can be angry at politicians giving us no say whatsoever in our future thus far . 
  are you really arguing with me when i believe we should have the right to vote on whether we should be in the eu or not ? 
  i would have thought most people would be in favour of that unless you 're anti democratic . 
  because times change and priorities change ... 
  the anger has been growing more and more over the years and has reached a point where the public wo n't accept no for an answer to have a referendum . 
  why on earth would we protest in the streets ? 
  we are n't stupid , we have tried that before . 
  look at the * millions * of people that protested against the iraq wall . 
  look at the * hundreds of thousands * of people who protested against the rise in university tuition fees . 
  what difference did that make ? 
  exactly , fuck all difference . 
  why exactly do you think this would be different ? 
  let us not forget either , that the protests against the iraq war , * were the largest in history * and still made absolutely no difference whatsoever . 
  it 's a shame if other people got caught up in it , but do n't blame the people of the uk , blame our scum politicians . 
  it 's an absolute disgrace that we 've had to wait so long for a referendum , and a disgrace that we 've had to resort to this to try and force their hand at giving one . 
  it does n't guarantee it , no , but it makes it far far far more likely . 
  let 's just see for example if it makes ed miliband change his stance ... 
  it does n't mean they 're pro-eu themselves though . 
  in 2017 ... why not have one now ? 
  typical politician bullshit using stupid fucking tricks to try and get back into office . 
  they 're right slimy bastards . 
  the message is that we want a referendum on our membership of the eu , and we want it now . 
  are you against having a referendum ? 
  that 's not going to happen though . 
  most people do n't understand why they are against ukip other than because the bbc has told them that they are racist . 
  you do n't understand . 
  ukip voters do n't want a bigger say in the eu , they want out of the eu . 
  it 's absolutely fucking horrific that we still have n't had a referendum on our future membership of the eu , and only one party is promising to have one ( our of the big 3 ) , and even that is n't until 2017 . 
  the big parties are really taking the piss and laughing at everyone in the country who still just abides by their shit . 
  the rise of ukip in this election will be great for the country , as it is going to force a referendum to definitely happen , and then once and for all the issue of our membership in the eu can be dealt with . 
  it 's an absolute disgrace that we have had no say . 
  we call ourselves a democracy ... 
  yes you ca n't have a referendum on everything of course , but it seems a no brainer to have one for something this major , which decides our future and decides 75 % of our laws . 
  well personally i want democracy back . 
  being part of the uk without us having any say whatsoever is anti-democratic , and then when you consider the majority of our laws come from the eu you realise just how wrong it is . 
  the rise of ukip is very healthy for the country . 
  it is probably going to see nick clegg resign , and force ed milliband to change his stance and also promise a referendum on the membership of eu . 
  how is that not a good thing ? 
  i really do n't understand how anyone who supports having a democracy can in their right mind not support having a referendum . 
  they did n't . 
  their new pm came into power in a similar way when gordon brown did here , without an election . 
  we had the same situation in the uk when gordon brown took over as pm from tony blair . 
  absolutely love this band since i discovered them a year or so ago . 
  panda and the rabbit are my favourites from them . 
  that video seems a bit off . 
  germany 's control of europe increases massively between 1945 and 1950 . 
  i hope that 's not what they 're teaching in school these days . 
  disliking islam is n't racist . 
  personally i dislike all religions except for maybe hinduism and buddhism ( if you want to class it as a religion , as technically you could be an atheist buddhist ) . 
  by your logic i guess i must be pretty damn racist . 
  the fact that she does n't know where budapest is is n't bad at all imo , i mean to compare i could n't say what the capitals are for many of the us states , however the fact that she thought europe was a country and some of the other things she said is just dumb . 
  whilst i agree with this , i still think it is polite to tip . 
  it just should n't be ` expected ' that 's all . 
  i deliver pizzas and i do n't mind too much if people do n't tip , but i am always very appreciative for when people do and i think it 's a very polite thing to do , especially if you 've had the food delivered quick too . 
  the only thing that pisses me off is when people order food then do n't answer their door or phone . 
  well there are quite a lot of other places to tip too i think . 
  i always tip the person that cuts my hair , the taxi driver , any take aways i get delivered . 
  i 'd agree with you though that a restaurant is the only place people usually tip for definite , unless they 're either super stingy or have had an awful service . 
  a lot of people were going for a double kill . 
  better stay away from the baltic states lol . 
  muslims . 
  [ awww thanks . 
  i do n't want to leave too !, 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-hhvcdhowtq0/trvguvlpdei/aaaaaaaagxw/inewtjlocx0/s1600/bear_hugs_after_long_separation_wallpaper_gelnz.jpg ), 
   predicting a majority win for conservatives in 2015 ? 
  it 's very tough to call . 
  with ukip potentially getting quite a bit of the popular vote in the next election it 's going to make it more unpredictable than usual . 
  and yes i agree i really ca n't see ukip getting votes anywhere near that high in the general election . 
  even so , i can see them potentially getting more than the lib dems . 
  i hope we stay in , and i think in the end we will - the eu will only get more and more powerful and i hope the uk will be a part of it , rather than competing with it . 
  however , as things look at the minute it seems to be right in the balance , it 's quite evenly split in opinion polls as to whether we should stay or not . 
  we used to have fucking brown bears ? 
  ... yes , but 100 years ago it was n't known that co2 is harmful to the atmosphere so what need was there in their eyes to develop electric cars ? 
  plus i do n't know if electric cars would be any better today even if they had pursued the technology more over the years . 
  it 's really hard to say for sure . 
  sucks to be me . 
  maybe so , but there are no better alternatives currently imo . 
  nuclear power is absolutely the way to go until other sources of energy become more viable . 
  honestly i thought the nightlife in berlin was shit , at least when i was there . 
  i was there from a monday till a thursday , so i 'm not sure if it 's much quieter during the week , but at least where i live ( newcastle ) there 's a lot happening pretty much every night of the week . 
  i 've been to berlin twice and i think it 's quite boring for a capital ( understandable given its history ) . 
  if i were to live in germany i 'd certainly live in a different city like stuttgart or munich perhaps . 
  ah thanks - that 's better !, 
  oh , i 'm english . 
  how do you get a flair on this subreddit ? 
  if i could speak fluent german , i think i 'd possibly like living there a lot .
