  even tho my grandma was a strong person and tried to be a `` pseudo father figure '' ( kinda masculine woman who forced her husband and her father into accepting her decision to work and who studied law and practiced as a lawyer ) i never had a real father figure . 
  and i did n't realize that i would 've needed one until i was in my mid 20 's . 
  you 're either a mom or a dad . 
  you ca n't be a mom thats trying to be a dad . 
  sorry i ca n't read russian . 
   unlike , for example , how merkel stepped down and allowed the persecution of b\u00f6hmermann . 
  what ? 
  she allowed the courts to decide , i mean wtf ? 
  why would she decide in a matter of the law ? 
  that 's not her job , this is actually the only decision of her that i support , since its a democratic one , not a dictatorial decision , trust me erdogan would 've decided himself . 
  the cause b\u00f6hmermann is a thing for itself , since its basically two huge egos colliding , b\u00f6hmermann is in no way better than erdogan . 
  i would n't take it too seriously though . 
  since when are germans a race ? 
  do n't tell me you 're buying into the 1930 arian bullshit ... like dude , cmon , do n't embarrass me here . 
  are n't we doing that right now ? 
  we 're not holding up our part of the deal , like nothing of it and we 're complaining that they threaten to do the same . 
  what would be a bigger `` fuck you '' than that ? 
   we should n't allow ourselves to be blackmailed . 
  i 'm not a erdogan fan . 
  but in all honesty , how is this blackmail ? 
  the deal was they get visa free travel , money and in return they keep the migrants . 
  did we pay them yet ? 
  nope . 
  did we grant them visa free travel yet ? 
  nope . 
  from a objective point of view , we 're not holding up our part of the agreement . 
  why should they stick to it ? 
  because `` morals '' ? 
  because they have to love us ? 
  seriously , why should they if we 're screwing them over . 
   the polls are somewhat confused by the fact that she still has some popularity among people who would never vote for her party , but just share her love for moralist bullying attitude and policies . 
  what are they voting ? 
  you started this by taking my words and twisting them , now you 're wondering why i 'm going off on you . 
  i think you might have the problems , but thanks , 
  against germans ? 
  that would be scelerophobia . 
   yeah , on reddit maybe . 
  you 'll grow up . 
  no , i mean in austria . 
  germany 's popularity ratings are in free fall . 
   what exactly did she do in austria that you 'd consider her your chancellor or a figure that rules in your country ? 
  she basically bullied our chancellor into conforming with her politics which made his population hate him , which forced him to resign . 
  in every freakin issue she 's taking jabs at us at fucking us , we have quotas ? 
  wow how dare we . 
  we force the closing of the balkan-route ? 
  omg , why would we do that , we 're terrible people . 
  2 seconds later de maizi\u00e8re goes on tv being all like `` yey , less refugees this month , a wonder '' ( lets not mention that austria did that for us and we 're fucking them left and right for it ) . 
  or the newest one , austrians are trying to close the brenner ? 
  better side with the italians , so the austrians have to take more people , lets not say that we 've closed the walserberg months ago , haha . 
  why would we ever talk about that . 
  you really have a lot of people here who want to see your country burn . 
  holy shit dude how does  which means the rest of europe has to suffer under that terrible woman . 
  become  i 'm suffering by living in europe like whats going on in your head that you 're twisting the meaning so much ? 
  i said we ( the people of europe ) suffering under her , which mean her politics because in the last couple of years she has proven to be not only your chancellor , apparently she 's ours too . 
  i mean , i could go into detail on why i think she 's a two faced bitch who flip flops on issues as soon as things do n't seem too pretty , or why she 's an absolute hypocrite , but i do n't know what your brain would make out of those sentences , since you 've been unable to read my original statement . 
   how hard you 're suffering by living in europe ? 
  comprehensive reading . 
  take some classes . 
   you are comparing two different systems . 
  i literally said the german system is fucked up , how are you not reading my comment and still answering ? 
   where do you find that information ? 
  i even linked it to you ? 
  _____ tldr : questioning started 15.02 , ended 15.04 , across germany , the form was downloadable , but only for authorized personal and to stop people from abusing the system ( filling it out twice , etc ) the process was supervised , also something that i did n't quote , they hired translators . 
   i found that over 60k christians applied for asylum in germany in 2015 how many were denied ? 
  those people applied , how many are still there ? 
   you 'll rarely have a candidate that will attract more than 50 % of the votes , what are we supposed to do while we are waiting for the right fit ? 
  i said , same format as the french , austrian or american presidential ( slightly different ) vote . 
  2 ballots , ~ 5 or how many parties you want for the first and then let the people vote for one of the biggest at a final ballot . 
  this way the people get to elect their leader , not some shady backroom deals aka we give you the chancellor if you give us the financial ressort , and what not . 
  and yes , shit like that literally happened here in austria , the most incompetent party got the financial ressort because the other one greeded for the chancellor . 
  dark and terrible times aka the government of 2000-2008 . 
  btw , the way germany elects its president is the weirdest . 
  you do n't even get to vote ? 
  the bundestag decides who becomes president , so much horse trading in germany . 
   that the sample is not random how is it not random if you do it across germany in random refugee camps , ask people if they 're christian and ask if they 've experienced any assaults ? 
  like how fucking random shall it be ? 
  do n't tell me `` because of the converts '' , guess what , converts have more reasons to flee , thats why they 're more likely to end up in germany . 
   data on religious denomination is not collected http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/452202/umfrage/asylbewerber-in-deutschland-nach-religionszugehoerigkeit/ there are no stats for that , those stats are totally not visible for everyone. ,  the number of 40k was actually mentioned by a guy working for a completely different organization . 
  100 % accurate , but the 40k are based on s t a t i s t i c s.  your stats only work if their sample is random , which according to the very limited information they put in the report it is not . 
  okay , you know what , you 're right , its totally not random and there are no statistics involved , there are no stats about religion and everything is actually a fake cooked up by the illuminati . 
  \\ #christianconspiracy . 
  guess you did n't read the article in german , the number of christian asylum seekers is ~ 44k . 
  and statistically a significant number of the questioned christians ( up to 90 % ) were assaulted in one way or another , so they came up with a potential of 40k victims . 
  i rather take my arrogance and kick your butt with it . 
  for people who do n't know how statistics work it is . 
  actually , no . . it 's not even a random number . 
  they had only 30 % , ofc they have no say . 
  our system would be like sarkozy and hollande making deals so sarkozy would 've ended up president again . 
  thats our `` democracy '' . 
  i shit you not , if you had our system your current president would be nicolas sarkozy . 
   merkel will get reelected 2017 , regardless of what she does until then . 
  and at the end of the day the german people are fine with that , which means the rest of europe has to suffer under that terrible woman . 
  til that statistics are useless . 
   so i do n't see a major tendency here . 
  it 's leaking . 
  35 % for the fp\u00d6 in austria , `` no major tendency detected '' . 
  hell , my own country is divided between the extreme left and the extreme right . 
  the political middle went into the forest to die . 
  edit : afd now polling 15 % in germany , its not happening , i dont want to see this lalala nothing is changing here no new tendencies . 
   in what ?
