  are you taking this shit from the exit polls ? 
  because our polling institutes are so great ... / s, 
   so hofer gets president not going to happen . 
  he got so many votes because the polls were favored for vdb and people started tactical voting . 
  the polls pretty much blew up in our faces . 
  now we have to choose between two evils , i ca n't really tell which one is the lesser evil , the guy showing his true dark , grimm face or the old man hiding behind his lies and deceptions . 
   especially in vienna , the base knew exactly , why people were voting for the fpoe . 
  as a viennese : we were n't . 
  the fp\u00d6 ( hofer ) only won in 4 districts , all the others were either griss or greens ( vdb , do n't give me the he 's independent shit , he lied enough for now , might be time for him to stick to the truth ) . 
  hell if we go by districts like the mine ( 6th ) or the 7th there would be no second election because the greens got over 50 % . 
   appart from the unimportant student orgnaisation you 're wrong . 
   spoe 's pro-immigration course had at best the backing of 1/5th of its voters . 
  does n't matter tho , the group that screams the loudest wins . 
  well , one party is full of backstabbing animals and the other party is good at covering their tracks . 
  nope , its the party . 
  they lynched fayman because he started doing his job . 
  weird people . 
  yup , that would be [ wiederbet\u00e4tigung ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/verbotsgesetz_1947 ) . 
  uhm . . this was actually normal media fucking everything up . 
  the papers called him a nazi , the papers made up most of the shit . . 
   its just a prank bro . 
  who cares , 25 to life . 
  yeah , . . spanish ... `` learning '' ... okay . . 
  thats actually alot , german has alot of low skilled and cheap labour , thats why their unemployment rates are lower than the average in the eu . 
   catholic prayers are latin are n't they ? 
  i 'm theoretically catholic ( one of those decisions your parents make for you , yeaahh ) , but i 've never heard a latin prayer . 
  only german . 
   young muslims in germany who do n't really feel strongly about their religion or are even atheists and agnostics . 
  where ? 
  in my experience the younger generation is far more radical . 
  shh , do n't say that , thats not an issue , stop being racist . . 
  sweden , yes . 
  [ sweden , yes . 
   he has said that muslims fighting for isis should n't come back . 
  that muslims that reject the western european lifestyle should `` fuck of to a place that is better suited for them ''  we had a turkish muslim in our green party that said similar things . 
  needless to say : he lost every position of power . 
   how the heck is being jewish a choice any less than being muslim or being christian ? 
  seriously ? 
  1 thing is not like the others . . hint : 2 of those are religions , one is n't exclusively a religion . 
   likely identify as a christian when they grow up nobody cares about religion around here . 
  we have no `` christians '' if someone under the age of 50 is going to church regularly then he/she is considered a weird person . 
   ee agreed to this decision making process when they joined . 
  but now they simply ignore the decision because they dont like it . 
   sounds like other countries that simply ignore stuff because they do n't like it . 
  * cough * dublin3 * cough * germany is hated for one reason , you chose which agreements you honor and which you violate and in the same sentence you condemn countries who do the same . 
  lets look at austria and the `` brenner '' border fence , your chancellor actually dares to speak up ? 
  i mean you 've closed the fucking walserberg months ago . 
  go fuck yourself 2faced germany . 
  europe is sick of your `` do as we say not as we do '' mentallity . 
   why there are so many `` part time '' europeans : because i ca n't be a non european if i live here , i have to show solidarity sometimes . 
  it 's not that i `` want '' to be european , i 'd be fine with being an austrian . 
   ... at least 2 places ... 
  in sweden . 
   the teacher would 've told him to check his privilege . 
  this was 10 yrs ago , `` check your privilege '' was n't common back then , 
   i cant wear a cap or a beanie and they can go fully covered by that thing that actually bothered me , we had one kid in class who always wore a cap and got shit from the teachers for it , yet the chick covering her complete head was fine . 
  wtf ? 
  yeah , fix your self so you can fix others . 
   they still have n't managed to get back to 2010 levels . 
  because rutte took the wind out of their sails with [ his comments ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/01/23/dutch-pm-tells-immigrants-act-normal-or-go-away/ ) prior the election , he basically became a right-wing populist himself to defeat them , when you as a right-center party have to adapt i would n't say that right-wing populism is past its peak . 
  if the others have to adapt i would go even so far and say it 's in its prime . 
  by the way , rutte is n't the only one adapting his policies to right-wing populism , i can see happening right here in my country , our `` great coalition '' does the same right now . 
  so the statement that right-wing populism is past it 's prime is either very very very short sighted or made out of pure stupidity . 
  mark rutte won the election with right-wing populism ... uhm . . so much about that . 
  i just refuse to ignore things that are happening on the streets , now you 're going full baghdad , lmao i do n't like to pretend we did n't have nigerians vs arabs 30 people smashing their heads in at the station josefst\u00e4dter stra\u00dfe and 2 days later again at another station . 
  i do n't like to blend out the police that is patrolling the westbahnhof and the gumpendorferstrasse ( yes , sometimes with mgs ) . 
  i kinda want to see whats happening around me , even if it is n't all rainbows and puppies . 
   whereas in some other districts you can get stabbed for wearing the wrong football scarf . 
  actually ... we do have that . 
   or take paris , if you take the train from the city centre to the airport at night , you are accompanied by lots of police with machine guns to keep you safe while going through the banlieues . 
  police goes in squads of 4-6 people arround the station gumpendorfer strasse and others . 
  also alot of police officers with aug 's at westbahnhof . 
  i 've been to almost every major european city , have n't seen much worse yet . 
  we 're talking about extended small talk in a city that is n't really known for it . 
  pretty safe bet that she liked him . 
  he wanted to go from a good street to a bad street . 
  1 corner . 
  i have plenty other examples too , dw . 
  edit : actually you do n't even have to take the corner , just keep walking straight on the mariahilfer stra\u00dfe and watch it turn into a slump , taking the corner just removes the `` turning into '' part , from 0 to 100 by taking one corner . 
  cuz i live there ... kinda no choice lmao and those `` hobos '' were n't there 3 years ago . 
   as an example , when i arrived at the airport and went to buy a train ticket , the woman at the booth talked to me for a couple minutes about totally irrelevant stuff . 
  i loved it !, 
  so friendly . 
   maybe she was into you ? 
   only country in the world that i have been to where i can round a corner form a good street onto a bad street and instantly feel distinctly threatened simply by being there . 
  come to vienna , visit a couple of streets with me , i know exactly how to recreate that feeling . 
  one of the best parts of the city is the 15th district , where they decided to build the aids house next to the youth job center and next to the drug help center . 
   citycenter pretty nice but sometimes it 's kinda sad . 
  if you 've never walked across the mariahilferstra\u00dfe after 2 am you really should , kinda eye opening how many people are sleeping in the house entrances . 
   maybe someone who lives/has lived there can give their opinions ? 
  25 years in vienna , you 're spot on . 
  libyans would n't be granted asylum anyways , so there 's that civil war alone is n't enough . 
  i mean , malta even wants the eu to strike a deal with the libyan government . 
  something like : open camps , keep the refugees there and moneyz, 
  so is the us , or germany , or austria ... we actually all started like that lmao . 
   so how is the government that pushed for `` leave will be great ! '', 
  who did that ? 
  cameron was remain , may was remain , ... wat ? 
  are you talking about some fringe elements inside the tory party like johnson ? 
   if it is true , it implies that a man who ca n't find a woman to fuck would necessarly ( or more likely ) be a rapist .
