  basically everything , the east is drifting towards nationalism , the west towards globalism and you want to unite them . 
  good fuel for a civil war . 
  you heard the man , pack it up guys , you 're all talking the same language . 
  25 pages ? 
  where is the tldr ? 
  how can you be sure that those are n't random samples ? 
  \\ #christianconspiracy ? 
  honestly ? 
  at this pace ? 
  we 're more likely to end up at war with each other . 
  i mean , we already have the western vs the eastern european front at various topics . 
   i think you are too passionate to understand my point . 
  no your point is flawed . 
   because they are helping biggest party win . 
  but they do n't , they 're helping every party to get where they are , the same amount . 
  so they would help her to 33 % and the spd to 20 % , which means they 're to 33 % okay with her , but 67 % not . 
  you could say they 're helping to win the biggest party if there was actually a final ballot between 2 parties . 
   so if they do n't vote they have no say and need to be by definition okay with winner of the elections because they helped them in . 
  they did n't , they helped every party the same way , it 's just your weird way of looking at it . 
  granted , i did n't read the headline , only the part you quoted , but it 's still a mathematically relevant sample size . 
  if you ask 231 people out of 40000 you 'll roughly have an error rate of 5-8 % , which is low enough to publish . 
   and most of them are iranian and afghan converts , which are pretty exotic . 
  true . 
  it 's still statistically relevant tho , because they did n't target converts and only asked them , they asked random christian refugees across germany , maybe germany has a lot of converts ? 
  i read the most important stuff about how and what they asked , seems pretty normal to me . 
  https://www.opendoors.de/downloads/berichte/open_doors_bericht_religioes_motivierte_uebergriffe_gegen_christliche_fluechlinge_in_deutschland.pdf tbh , the point is that they 're being threatened in germany . 
   they have a chance to vote . 
  its either you vote for a party that would be in coalition with merkel or you vote for the extreme right wing afd shitshow . 
  so people who do n't want to vote the `` nazis '' into parliament but who also hate merkel do n't have a vote . 
  why ? 
  because every single other party would trade their vote on and help merkel to become chancellor one again . 
  we 're back to horse trading . 
   as ca n't i say that they are okay with whoever will be in charge . 
  okay fuck it , decide now . 
  either they 're okay with who wins or they are n't you ca n't flip flop and say , yeah , they 're okay with merkel , but i ca n't say that they would be okay if someone else would win , blabla . 
  at the end , if you stop flip flopping we 're back at , 66 % did n't vote for her , why ? 
  because you can count the people that did n't vote for anything , in your eyes they do n't care . 
  so they 're irrelevant . 
  it 's that easy , you do n't vote ? 
  you 're irrelevant . 
   so people that are not voting can be seen as they are okay with whoever wins the elections . 
  that is your assumption that you make , which is based on another assumption of you , of a fact that can be interpreted either way . 
  let me give you a analogy to your assumption , granted a very extreme analogy : every slave that did n't speak out against slavery was fine with it . 
  would that be right ? 
  no it would n't most of them did n't have a chance , because they were n't granted a voice , a platform , or the had to face repercussions . 
  i mean , what about the people that do n't vote because , in their eyes , non of the parties would be able to lead the country ? 
  they 're becoming more and more with every election . 
  the people that do n't have a voice and do n't have a platform . 
  how are they `` okay with merkel '' ? 
   so you ca n't really say 33 % people wanted her in the office that ca n't be right . 
  yes , i can , that i 'm not exactly speaking out against you does n't mean i 'm with you . 
  i mean , how do the current politics work right now ? 
  if i give my vote to the spd , even tho i hate merkel , but i agree with most of their politics and for the sake of an argument lets assume i like sigmar gabriel ( haha ) , does that mean the spd has the right to take my vote and trade it for other benefits ? 
  are they allowed to sell my vote to merkel so she can be chancellor ? 
  what exactly is democratic about that ? 
  that 's horsetrading !, 
  is it untrue ? 
  the sample size was big enough to go mathematically into the thousands , they 're not saying tens of thousands , this is a simple statistic . 
  do n't you guys have math in germany ? 
   `` that as many as 40,000 christian refugees ** could be ** affected overall '' this is the point . 
  they took the number and said that it is possible . 
  not that it 's happening . 
  mh , maybe that 66 % of the people do n't want her anymore ? 
  it 's a fucked up system . 
  i rather have something like france where you elect a president and at the end you have a final ballot between the two strongest , this system is like horse trading . 
  never change a running system ? 
   i would be careful with this report . 
  i would n't i remember reading something similar in `` der spiegel '' , about a pastor that took christian refugees into the church because they we 're being threatened and hurt in the camps by fellow refugees . 
  one of them even said that they forced him to wake up and pray with them even tho he 's christian and not muslim . 
  if he did n't they spit in his face and called him kufar . 
  i feel like this shit has gone too far . 
  i do n't want to wake up in the united states of europe . 
  that means one 3rd wants her , so if we go by our great democratic system she stays . 
  if 33 % vote cdu she can still make a coalition with the 2nd largest party ( which would probably be the spd with polling arround 20 % ) and stay chancellor . 
  thats how the world works folks . 
   you may be right , but is n't merkel the de facto leader of europe ? 
  i did n't elect her . 
  the last half year made me realize one thing : fuck germany . 
  you make it sound like a disease . 
  stop being earthist , everything you say only happens on earth . 
  \\ #otherplanetsmatter, 
  yes . 
  i mean he has a fucking communist tattoo and the picture of lenin about his bed . 
  it 's as fucking unreasonable as it gets to call that guy nazi . 
  he had fun with some dark humor . . so fkin what . 
  on the other hand . . germans are n't really know for their humor so u might not understand that . 
   are there large celebrations in your countries for this day ? 
  yeah , i heard the uk is holding a big celebration , called a `` referendum '' in a couple of months . 
  maybe he 's a doctor . 
  it was all for science . 
  yeah , the difference is that hitlerjungend was good integrated !, 
  belgium 's immigration policies failed this guy tho ;( , poor soul . 
   / r/europe has a strong anti-decapitation bias . 
  yeah man , we should really learn to embrace the foreign culture . 
  maybe decapitate him instead of arresting him , seems culturally appropriate . 
  can we leave the eu now ? 
  belgium and sweden seem like a danger to all of us . . 
   what is sure that ostermayer is gone too . 
  thank god . 
   ( literally 25 % of the voters in the pre-elections voted for him based on the fact that he 's younger than the other candidates ) .
