  no , everyone reacts differently to this , but there are people who would 've definitely be triggered over that and start to rape , others , the majority , would just start to sink into depression because they do n't feel appreciated , since they 're unable to find companionship , which in their culture means they 're not worth anything . 
  so you 're provoking reactions by changing the demography , some react violent , some react self destructive and a slight minority does n't care . 
   yes and no . 
   you my friend , are a born politician . 
   but there is still that 5 % that causes problems like violence , gangs , rapes etc. 
  probably native swedes , i mean that 's why sweden , as only country , does n't record the nationality of the offenders . 
  i mean , even if you were right , brexit and trump are pretty new phenomenons which were basically caused by the overrepresented left . 
  le pen is n't elected and putin ... well honestly is commrade putin right ? 
  or left ? 
  or just power hungry ? 
  far left would tear down the whole country and make it a communist state ... no we 're talking normal left here . 
  why would n't the pepper spray sales go up ? 
  in austria there are even political parties who give out pepper spray as goodies . 
  just yesterday ( or 2 days ago ? ), 
  for `` world woman day '' they gave out ~ 2k in vienna , the demand was pretty fucking high . 
  my mom 's actually kinda sad that she did n't get one . 
  times change . 
  sweden also has a demographical problem . 
  i mean , you let in a couple of thousand young men so that there like 1.5 men for every woman and you wonder why those horny bastards , who do n't get any because there are n't enough chicks , start sexual assaulting people . 
  yeah , but those are n't necessarily libyans . 
  those are the people from the whole african continent that traveled to libya . 
  20 % of the refugees are fleeing that war ... so whats up with the 80 %, 
  govern ? 
  they wan na be a dictator and decide what happens and maybe bone some hotties . 
  not much to govern there , the 7 billion can rot if they want . 
  fuck no . 
   the problem is telling them apart totally not a problem , just open up some camps near the syrian border where you pick up refugees and maybe even transport them to countries in europe . 
  if people come by sea bring them back to the coast they came from . 
   and i do n't think any of us want to go to europe anyway you 're already browsing and posting in a european subreddit ... this is how it begins ... 
  oh we 're gon na do a lot worse , ww3 is right around the corner and the irony is , neither trump nor putin will trigger it . 
  boko haram is a joke and only present in small parts ... 
  so bring them back and do n't escort them to your coast ? 
  lmao, 
  at the moment we 're more likely to kill each other and the brown people . 
  i like how everyone thinks about hot nurses but in reality there are male nurses , ugly nurses , old nurses , ... 
  the hotties are a minority . 
  save hot nurses, 
  it was hypocrisy , bitch face merkel was actually thinking about closing the german [ borders ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000053681264/fluechtlinge-merkel-wollte-grenze-zu-oesterreich-schliessen ) . 
  italy and greece would 've had borders and no one stopping them from building borders if they did n't . 
  they would 've let a couple of people drown and most refugees would 've stopped coming , because a : fucking dangerous and b : unable to get to the rich staates . 
  are n't portuguese people brownish ? 
  the problem would n't have occurred in the first place . 
  take more refugees than 90 % of the union - get shit on by the countries that did n't take any because you did n't take all refugees . 
  feelsbadman, 
   i offer carinthia . 
  yeah , i think gas prices would be on the rise again . 
   mass immigration from eastern europe shall not be questions but muslims are literally the devil so you oppose the eu and its core values ? 
   then do n't take in a lot ? 
  not like we wanted to take them in , our politicians did . 
  not exactly the same politicians that now want to get rid of them . 
  it 's not like `` the austrian hivemind '' just changed it 's stance on refugees ... 
  coming from the czech republic ... lmao, 
   i am not sure if you 've actually done that sadly we did n't, 
  well , they 're not the ones causing the most trouble , are they ? 
  those are some nice refugees . 
  i like how your country quietly removed the need for visas for people from the uk . 
  wan na travel the the us as a uk citizen ? 
  no problemo , just jump onto an airplane , now thats a fucking relationship . 
   the us and europe are allies . 
  nah , the us and the uk are allies . 
  tbh we are our real enemy . 
  they 're not wrong , the uk is n't the country that has the least favorable views of the eu . 
  that 's why there like 80 % taxes on cigarettes and i die earlier so no pension problems . 
  why should i pay for your shit tho ? 
  not me . 
   no , because people get addicted . 
  i 'm not addicted , i smoke occasionally when i drink or when i feel like it . 
  i can smoke a pack a day , or do n't smoke for months , i bought like 5 packs in my whole life . 
   people know smoking is bad . 
  yet everyday people start smoking . 
  because its my choice ? 
  if i do n't want to make it to 99 that 's my fucking business . 
  but , maybe i 'm more liberal towards smoking because i 'm from austria and most people here do n't give a shit . 
  i bet you 10 bucks that people would riot if u banned smoking in bars/pubs . 
  so , we need reconstruction camps ? 
  nice , the dutch pm is literally hitler . 
  oh so you want war , i get it or do you think the 300 mil will just quietly go along ? 
  yup , disenfranchising 300 millions who worked to keep everything together for 500 millions who did n't do that totally does n't put anyone above each other and is totally not racist . 
  oh wait , by your logic it is . 
   ok , there is climate change , but it 's not man-made  ok , there is climate change , it 's man-made , but it 's not harmful ok , there is climate change , it 's man-made , but it 's less harmful than trying to fix it with taxes ok , there is climate change , it 's man-made and it 's more harmful than fixing it , but the free-market will take care of it automatically  that 's not denial and climate change is n't entirely man made ... 
  i think there is a difference between `` man made climate change '' and `` climate change '' , no one can deny that climate change is real , that 's like saying `` there never was an ice age '' , i think most people just argue about our influence . 
  i hate you . 
  the forecast for next week predicts 36 degrees ... i 'm gon na move to ireland now . 
  actually , they had a left leaning narrative ~ 6 months ago , but it kinda changed to center-right , just as most things now a days seem to . 
  we can totally have that , but we would have to give up social welfare , universal health care , pensions and unemployment benefits to achieve this dream . 
  do you really want that ? 
   the only argument against this is some kind of delusional sense of superiority of `` your '' native population . 
  nope , the argument is that our system is very fragile as it is and that we could n't afford open borders without giving up almost every social benefit we have . 
  but it 's not xenophobia ? 
  try again , maybe you find the right word this time, 
  ] ( http://static2.fjcdn.com/comments/you+know+what+is+the+fastest+way+to+heal+after+_1fe8a0e0dfb6cef72cf1a5a38600f2c6.jpg ), 
  i could go into detail and explain why the electorate collage is actually better . 
  but its late , i 'm drunk , so fuck it, 
  i think it was about 39 %, 
  it is true , since the 80 's we do n't have real politicians anymore , just empty suits shelling out empty promises and imitating germany . 
  well , duh , we 're always doing what germany does . 
  mainly because we do n't have a fucking clue what to do on our own . 
  basically you and you dolls having a tea party in your basement . 
  it 's not because sadly , the majority of the german people agree with her . 
   i think at least for the uk it has been an issue that has until now not been highlighted tell me a european country where it has been highlighted .
