   and not ethnicity . 
  oohhhh snap , are you saying there 's a german ethnicity ? 
  masterrace , here we come . 
  tbh , the faz just interpreted bullshit . 
  you could say that he was shia and targeted turks and arabs who 're mostly sunni because the sunni mobbed him in school . 
  the hitler crap is just . . lmfao . 
  sorry , but a 2,8 k sample size for a country of turkeys size , that only includes the streetbees turkish app and webpage users does n't seem to ... stand for anything really , i mean i could pull some stats out of my ass and they 'd be just as accurate . 
  i doubt the credibility of [ streetbees ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.streetbees&amp;hl=en ) and you did n't present it like that , you presented it like a complete new source , which it is n't . 
  sorry , but a 2,8 k sample size for a country of turkeys size , that only includes their turkish app and webpage users does n't seem to ... stand for anything really , i mean i could pull some stats out of my ass and they 'd be just as accurate . 
  literally the same source , both streetbees . 
  ft colored the graphs differently and used another style so it fits their homepage , yet it 's still the same source . 
  truth hurts yeye, 
  he also hired the first female architect for a skycraper , but hey , he 's a misogynistic money hungry evil ... wait thats actually a description barroso and other former eu politicians like strau\u00df-kahn ... fuck . . atleast he 's known to be a heavy drinker and has been seen drunk on the job many times , ... aw no that was juncker . . fuuuuck ... like . . but he 's bad and literally hitler he 's like the only facist in power right now aw thats erdogan . . jesus ... just ... hes bad okay , trust me , he is the devil . 
  i mean goldman-sachs literally paid him half a million for a 20 minute speak , they obviously bought hi ... no that was clinton . . shit he did use his connections with the media to give his daughter a job that pays 600k a year , straight from college without any work experience ... aw no thats the clintons again , crap . 
  but he desecrated the oval office and has many rape accusations against him ... no thats clintons husband . . 
  but !, 
  now this is really something here !, 
  he has a foundation that is financed by the saudis , it 's called the clinton found . . aw come on ... 
  okay i do n't know he 's just worse than all of them because of reasons , trust me . 
  it 's just a fact , i do n't need a logical argument . 
  eh , so does merkel , big deal . 
  oecd suggests otherwise . 
  edit : also what the fuck is up with your [ gdp ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/graphs/2014-10-06_poland_success_story_en.htm ) ? 
  poland has basically the highest living standard of the former bloc countries , exceeding many non bloc countries , you 're bitching on a very very high niveau . 
   there 's little academic evidence to think immigration is the cause also almost nothing that proves the contrary . 
  it 's kind of a `` migration might be fucking with us , let 's try to stop it and see how that goes '' . 
  i thought they were anti gay ? 
  so if you locked them into one room they would fight to the death ? 
  is that guy related to farage ? 
  you 're just pissed that this is about how europeans view other europeans and nobody gives a crap about ` murica . 
  he 's such a joke , got elected with the referendum promise , said himself that he wants to remain and now since his referendum did n't turn out the way he wanted he refuses to work . 
  cmon , rly ? 
  would n't that make it polish ? 
  yes !, 
  yes , got ta love the american education system . 
  yeah , i did n't make that association , i thought of a priest , the kkk , or smthin , lol . 
  uhm , i was being serious , because that does n't sound normal , i my 20 yrs on the net i 've told maybe 3 people that their behaviour sounds abnormal , you 're one of them . 
  i do n't even care , if you 're fine with it you 're fine with it , but do n't call it humanism . 
  you lost me , what has that to do with merkel or refugees , lmao . 
  yeah , but on reddit it 's always associated with the hitler `` nein , nein , nein '' rant . 
  everyone is the same to you ? 
   edit : this is called humanism , i think . 
  sounds more like a mental disorder . 
  some sort of sociopathic disorder maybe , since you do n't have attachments to the people who are the closest to you . 
  be real , would the uk give a shit ? 
  1,6 million scots voted for remain and 1 million for brexit . 
  compare that to the 53 million people in england . 
  [ i can only say one thing . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa6c3otr6ya ), 
  idk why , but this is always kinda hurtful . 
  but they 're special , their national animal is a unicorn . 
  lets play a math game , scotland has 5.3 million people , if we assume that the voter turnout was 72 ( it was across the whole uk ) , then 3.8 million people voted , of those 3.8 people 62 % voted to remain , so we 're down to roughly 2.35 million people . 
  compared to england . . thats nothing , that 's maybe a quarter of the population of london . 
  you should be , there are 53 million people in england and the other 10 million ( ni , wales , scottland ) are trying to overthrow the majority , it 's hilarious . 
  this sub is a weird echochamber . 
  how is it not broken ? 
  i mean , letting a refugee crisis destabilize the continent for 1,5 years till ~ 5 member states force the others to close the balkan route does n't sound like a working system . 
  btw , we still do n't have a solution , lmao . 
  neither for greece nor for the refugee crisis , those band aids in greece wo n't last forever . 
  actually , mostly old people , who saw how the uk was doing before the eu , voted for brexit . 
  the younger generation , who has no idea how life without the eu was or how it could work , voted remain . 
   you do n't need to be an expert to understand what the european union is about . 
  honestly ? 
  did you see merkels speech regarding the brexit ? 
  it sounds like she sees the eu as the only thing that keeps us from butchering each other , lol . 
   it might be beneficial to the greater good to let experts make the decision 50 % of the time experts turn out the be fkin morons . 
  everyone 's against him , even his own people !, 
  yet the people are more out going ? 
  i mean cmon how do you talk to a stranger in finland . 
  `` oh a beautiful stunning woman , better look away '' , lmfao . 
   i find it interesting , as a non-white person , that most whites seem not to care : well the last decade was all about rights of minorities , maybe they want those rights too ? 
  although its kinda naive to believe that another majority would still care about minority rights . 
  you are and will , your children or grandchildren wo n't . 
   the nativists want to magically return to the all-white , all-christian culture of the 1950s . 
   okay , call me a racist or what ever , i do n't care , this is a genuine question , if we 're going trough on the complete diversity train in europe and america , where exactly will the white people be in the majority ? 
  it 's not like the origin countries of our immigrants are going the diversity route , or like a lot of white people are trying to immigrate to those countries . 
  are we trying to put white people as a minority on every continent ? 
  like , whats the point ? 
  whats the diversity end game ? 
  i mean , this does n't apply to me , i wo n't get old enough to see that and i do n't have children , so i personally do n't give a fk , but i am curious . 
  you 're on the internet , you should learn that sarcasm does n't translate very well to writing and that it 's usual to mark it with a / s or indicate it with a smiley , 
   because they are n't white you see . 
  there are no white muslims ? 
  haha okay , yea right . 
  they do n't exist then . 
  so uhm what , are you saying that islam is basically nazism ? 
  either the joke flew over my head or . . idk, 
  just like we do n't blame all muslims for orlando , right ? 
  yup . 
  yeah , paul joseph watson and stefan molyneux support brexit ... who would 've thought that . 
  again and we want to make deals with them . 
  wow you took the austrian kaiser hym and put merkel into it ? 
  you americunt . 
  but why ? 
  i hope they do n't . 
  not like zuckerberg bowed down to merkel and agreed to censor everything , 
  here i thought them blowing you into pieces gives them a feeling of winning . 
  guess why he 's not in a active function anymore . 
  tbh they 've restructured the party pretty good and they 're always trying to filter out the most extreme . 
  i do n't frequent the sub , i was there like 3 times , thats why i was asking .
