  aw , compared to those clowns the fp\u00d6 is a moderate centre party . 
  wait , / r/worldnews is right wing now ? 
   they added that the muslim community in slovakia is well integrated , financially self - supporting and virtually trouble-free . 
  friday prayers are in slovak -- which is not common even in western-european countries . 
  soo being anti muslim helps them to integrate/assimilate ? 
  interesting ... can we try that ? 
  yeah , of germany . 
   they should n't worry , the wages are shit compared to theirs . 
  like i said in another comment , 3rd of the wages , yet 7 times cheaper strawberries . 
  relation my friend , higher wages do n't mean shit if you ca n't even pay your rent with them . 
  yeah , you pay like 6-7 times less for them , but your average salary is only 3 times less . 
  so 0.66 euro is pretty fucking insanely cheap . 
  wait , you germans do n't get a `` staatsb\u00fcrgerschaftsnachweis '' ? 
  everyone in my family has one , we get that at birth , ofc your parents have to keep yours for you and should give it you when you 're 18 . 
  but even if you lose it you can always order a new certificate . . 
   for a disturbing number of germans , the answer is culture , including religion . 
  so , your own culture and religion are shit and bad , so import good stuff . 
   or abroad who share german ethnicity , culture or language i do n't like you . 
  now thats some serious horseshit . 
  nice , so they 're trying to imply that the white mans opinion is still enslaving them . 
  holy shit . 
  second guy from the right ... 
  really ? ... 
   `` this is a message about democracy , not a message about race . 
  whichever community you 're from , it hits home . '', 
  so why is there only one poster ? 
  where is the huge black thug threatening the poor middle eastern woman ? 
  yes . 
  yeah , but its not like leftist would care about those points , they can `` interpret '' statistics their way . 
  lets take a austrian newspaper for example , derstandard , they actually titled `` three times as many austrians convicted of sexcrimes than foreigners . 
  '' , keep in mind that we 're about 7 million austrians and 1 million foreigners . 
  it does n't count that we 're 7 times the people , 
  are they ? 
  afaik the french prisons are flooded with non white people , not sure about the other states . 
   we ( germany ) even collect taxes from christians for the church . 
  if you 're reffering to `` kirchensteuer '' , which we have in austria aswell , then this is n't a real `` tax '' its like a membership fee , the money goes to the church . 
  edit : apparently it 's almost the [ same ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/kirchensteuer_ ( deutschland ) ) , with the difference that , in germany , the institute of finance is collecting the money for the church and keeping a little fee for their work . 
  in austria the church is collecting it , so there is no fee . 
  yeah , it 's basically a membership , not a tax . 
   but a lot of what he said definitely came to pass . 
  but not only in the us , its happening in europe as well , so either the kgb infiltrated every western country , or he predicted some society trends . 
  well , van der bellen was both , communist and freemason , 
   turns out yuri bezmenov was right after all . 
  you went from `` kinda making sense '' to conspiracy theory in under 10 seconds . 
  had to come from a german , i mean some of you people still consider the cdu right leaning , haha . 
  what a lovely couple , they have so much in common . 
   that would be akin to saying tony blair was far left . 
  was he a member of the communist party ? 
  is he a freemason ? 
   i have that hofer is `` far right , '' i suppose . 
  hofer was n't a member to the nsdap or the npd . 
  but van der bellen was a member of the communist party . 
  hofer is a member of a `` burschenschaft '' which is/can be considered right . 
  van der bellen was a member of the `` freimaurer '' . 
  i guess the previous membership of the communist party is n't prove , same with the membership to the `` freimaurer '' . 
  george . 
  soros, 
   hofer would have been able to call an early parliamentary election , which the fpo likely would have won - as part of a coalition , not alone fuck no , they would 've lost that like crazy . 
  if he pulled shit like that nobody would 've voted for the fp\u00d6 . 
  what is this dream scenario of yours ? 
  do you have visions of straches wetdreams ? 
   they cant do that either , yup , their current polling results ( 20.05.2016 / gallup ) are 33 % , which is still 10 % above the second , sp\u00d6 at 23 % . 
  yes , if the government would harm austria or would stop working . 
  which was actually a huge issue since both coaltion parties were fighting against each other instead of working together . 
  aw hell , one party is still fighting internally . 
   stick to his promise ? 
  he never fucking promised it . 
  whats wrong with people ? 
  why can we take everything someone says out of context and miss use it against him ? 
  he even said , in many interviews , that he would n't release the current government , his statements were in context of the refugeecrisis and our government not working . 
  which they did n't , they waited months and let things escalate . 
  they 're lucky that our president back then was from their party . 
  if you take his statements out of context and interpret them so they fit your view , then yes , he was likely to do it . 
   he would n't want to sign in strache in his current form i 'm trying very hard to suppress any dragonball , frieza and final form jokes . 
   and hofer said he wanted to do that . 
  during the prime of refugee crisis , when everything was collapsing and our government was doing nothing except awaiting directions from angela . 
  only when it became crystal clear that angela had no plan they started doing , you know , their jobs . 
  but yeah , just take something out of context to scare the people . 
  totally not populism , because its left . 
   do you believe hungary or italy could have handeld several million refugees ? 
  dw , they would n't have tried anyways , hungarians are still smuggling refugees across our border . 
  he also had statements about ngos deciding as first instance who gets to stay or who does n't , which seems kinda . . weird . 
  but , at the end of the day it really does n't matter who became president , him or hofer , nothing will change till at least 2018 . 
   will this mean any change in austrian foreign policy he 's the president , not our new chancellor , so i highly doubt it . 
  go away . 
  or we 'll send you another painter . 
  apparently they 're alot of `` wahlkarten '' arround 800k , so the results of tomorrow are basically worthless ;(, 
  that your manhunt is useless if someone grabs a kid , walking home from school , on the street and drags it into his van . 
  the police would be focusing on the family , on family members , friends of the family , waiting for ransom . 
  which would be statistically correct , because most kidnappings are done by persons close to the kid or the family . 
  meanwhile the kid is probably already sliced up and the organs are moving . 
  no real difference between german kids and poorer countries , sorry . 
  but she is n't , there was a manhunt , the police was working 24/7 . 
  they just could n't find her . 
  i do n't want to talk about it . 
  i dont even wan na know how much the press lies to me . 
  i just accept it . 
  i mean when they interpret statistics like that : [ click ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000036027978/sexualdelikte-dreimal-so-viele-oesterreicher-verurteilt-wie-auslaender ) or the standard balanty blames our unions for refugee sexcrimes . 
  then i know whats up . . 
  yeah , tell that to [ her ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natascha_kampusch ) .
