eu citizens were allowed to vote in scotland if it was the place they called home . 
  true democracy encompasses those who live in a country through choice too , not just those who happen to have been born in a place . 
  i agree to a certain extent regarding being a citizen of a country and not having the same experiences due to not growing up there , but if one moves to a country and decides to spend the rest of their life in it , not having a say in politics in said country can be rather frustrating , particularly as much of the debate is where the money is going - i do n't pay taxes in my home country , i pay them here . 
  i think if you live there for a short period and intend to go , then you are n't within your right to say much . 
  but if such a decision will also affect your future as a person living in the country , why should n't you have your say ? 
  edit : i also did n't say i want to vote or influence , i said i wanted to voice my opinion and have a discussion about it without being dismissed as just a foreigner . 
  if i 'm not a part of the nation , where am i ? 
  how can i be expected to integrate if people dismiss your opinion so ? 
  yeah , it 's hard to look at another point of view when you agree with one side ( particularly when it 's a strong opinion ) . 
  i , as an outsider , do not share either sentiment strongly as it 's not my war , but as a person living in catalonia , it affects me , so i 'd love to have a exchange of ideas with separatists - but am always met with ` you are n't from here , you do n't understand ' . 
  so it 's difficult to have a discussion with supporters , too . 
  the discussion with catalan separatists never really leads anywhere , either ... 
  i worked in a wetherspoons in a normal town centre , not london or anywhere like that ... and heard this at least 5 times a night . 
  you missed the obligatory `` how much ? '', 
  remark when the person serving you tots it all up . 
  yes , but wert is a fucking idiot , to put it lightly . 
  the next elections will see if the pp stay in power , which i believe is where the majority of problems come from . 
  yes , it always amazes me that that amount of people voted for them . 
  people who i meet from around the country wildly dislike the current government , but i suppose the people who voted for them are not the ones that move to another city and mix with others !, 
  i think the whole ` spain despises us ' thing is very blown out of proportion . 
  the government are terrible and do n't give fair coverage of anything , and pay to make catalonia seem corrupt/all the people extremists . 
  the average person on the street does n't have such negativity - it 's mostly just pp voters ( who , sadly , make up a lot of spain ) and fachas . 
  the dislike goes the other way too , though , and some of the ways people talk about those in the south of spain is in no way pleasant . 
  80 % of 40 % of the population who voted . 
  it was n't a true referendum , as both sides were not fairly represented in the run-up ( i.e in scotland , the better together and the independent scotland campaigns both were represented in the media and on the street ) . 
  and it was decreed illegal by the spanish government . 
  it was important and a way to get voices heard , but it is n't an accurate representation of those living in catalonia . 
  i live abroad and did n't get my submission in on time because i confused the dates , so i 'm pretty irritated about that . 
  i voted lib dem in the last election and had always supported them as a party , but after what has played out over the past few years i am no longer prepared to vote for such a party . 
  i am a mix of labour/green . 
  locally i 'd vote green , but in the grand scheme of things i 'd vote labour , in a hope to keep out the parties that i really hope do n't have any large part in the next government . 
  as an immigrant myself , i feel like this issue is widely blown out of proportion - i 'm strongly pro-immigration , and while i feel things have to be changed , especially to avoid public feeling getting worse , we ca n't close the doors . 
  we certainly ca n't leave the eu . 
  what would that mean for me ? 
  labour have a bad record , sure , but i have family members who work for the party and a strong tie to it - i 'd vote for them , hoping for radical change from the last time they were in power . 
  it 's really hard to condition yourself into thinking another way when you believe yours is the right way , after so many years living like that with no problems coming of it . 
  i come up against problems even from moving from one european country to another , so for these people to change and accept , it must be even harder . 
  how often do these classes take place/how long do they have to do them for ? 
  i do n't remember reading it in the article . 
  spain ( but i 'm originally from the uk so this is my experience ) : - prescriptions vary , there 's no set price , but medicines are highly subsidised . 
  do n't expect to pay a lot for standard medicines . 
  you can get over the counter medicine which is n't too expensive , but prescription medicine is generally affordable . 
  - doctors are very good and professional . 
  it depends on the doctor , but the ones i 've dealt with have been friendly and thorough . 
  from my experience , anyway . 
  if going to the cap ( basically your day-to-day doctor 's surgery ) expect a long wait , even if you have an appointment , to see your doctor . 
  appointments are generally booked up tightly together , and if the person before you runs over , and the person before that did ... well . 
  bring a book . 
  however , generally the service is of good quality and i 've never had to wait an insane amount of time . 
  the dentist equivalent is also really good , i had my wisdom teeth taken out using the public services , and everything was done very quickly and more than satisfactorily . 
  - i would never even consider living in a place that did n't provide universal health care . 
  to me , it 's a basic right , and whilst my taxes are higher , i like the fact that i can go to the doctor and not have to worry about money or treatment . 
  i also like the fact that nobody else will have to worry about that - should anything ever happen to me , i know at least that i will be able to receive excellent medical care even if i am jobless . 
  - i ca n't speak about american health care as i have no experience . 
  york would definitely be the winner for me . 
  you 're right !, 
  i should do another non-napkin one , as i thought of lots i wanted to add :( disculpe valencianos !, 
  on mobile and on lunch break , so did this on a napkin . 
  [ i 'm an english person living in barcelona . 
  please do n't hurt me for this . 
  here in catalunya , many people regard them as right-wing . 
  my boyfriend says they are ` fachas ' ( fascists ) , mostly because they do n't support independence for catalunya . 
  definitely one to watch . 
  it really is n't taking up space . 
  it hardly has any space as it stands . 
  i live and work abroad , and the majority of my colleagues ( who are english/irish/american ) have learned another language , and sincerely enjoyed doing so . 
  some speak more than one second language . 
  just because you have n't met anyone that enjoys language learning , does n't mean these people do n't exist . 
  in fact , you probably have n't met many of them , considering they 're most likely in another country , using that language they learnt . 
  i 'm all for extra history and especially philosophy , as that is something i 'd really enjoy . 
  but it is n't one or the other - more stress needs to be placed on languages as we are very ignorant to them as a country . 
  by languages i do n't even mean just foreign languages , i mean our own , too . 
  our knowledge of english grammar is shocking . 
  i train some english teachers who ca n't even tell me what the past tense is , or what an adverb is . 
  you may argue that 's useless , but again , it depends on what sector you go into . 
  it 's hardly useless in the english language teaching world - which , as you rightly say , with english being the language of business , is a popular career choice for many nowadays . 
  just because you 're lucky enough to have english as your mother tongue does n't mean you should n't learn another language . 
  for some people languages open doors - there are different career paths that can be followed using them and we are at a disadvantage if we have to study them as adults , like i had to . 
  languages are one of the most important things people can learn - you need communication . 
  plus , did you ever think that some people * actually like learning a language * ? 
  really hope that was / s. 
  but we do n't really study languages , which is why you remember basically nothing . 
  i know a lot of people who really would care about languages , and have said the same as me - that they were n't really given much opportunity with it unless choosing to do it at as level , because gcse is pretty basic when it comes to languages . 
  i got an a and remember almost nothing . 
  they drill you with words , and do n't teach you to speak . 
  maths and science were pointless for me , but i still had to do them . 
  uk here - and someone who wanted to be a teacher . 
  i decided to move to spain to teach english as the demands for teachers in the uk ( in my particular area , northern england ) were becoming increasingly more ridiculous . 
  my friend , who did an education degree , could n't find a job and was doing two teaching jobs at the same time , which just meant double the work and double the stress for less pay . 
  teachers are becoming more and more stretched . 
  as someone educated in the system , i think it 's pretty good - i find it to be better than spain 's , for example , but i think we are awful at languages and not enough stress is placed on language teaching . 
  i struggled for years through difficult maths and science exams because i had to do them , but languages are optional , and not taught half as well - but that 's the way my brain works , so with poorer teaching and not enough opportunity i did n't really get to learn a language to the extent i 'd have liked . 
  not enough english grammar is taught either . 
  spanish kids here are hot on their grammar and it 's just embarrassing for us that we know how to speak our language but we do n't have a clue how it 's put together or evolved ... but we had to repeat soh cah toa until the cows came home . 
  i love all these places . 
  will be returning to catalunya soon after a year away , and i ca n't wait . 
  it will be like seeing things with new eyes , which is always great !, 
  thanks for posting . 
  what 's brexit ? 
  i 've forgotten .
