  that does seem wildly excessive and baseless ban . 
  can any mod chime in with their opinion ? 
  it 's not random , it 's a video of the actual demonstration !, 
  that 's a primary source , whereas a news report is only a secondary source !, 
  when the media is as biased as it is now , it is important that we use primary sources to form our worldviews ourselves , so that we are susceptible to manipulation . 
  it 's in the slovakian capital city , bratislava , and it appears to be quite large for such a small country . 
  and the police that is supposed to always be impartial and apolitical has joined the demonstration . 
  that is pretty rare and serious event . 
  it * will * be in the news tomorrow in v4 countries at least . 
  and notice that this is n't my post . 
  i 'm simply defending an unjust de-listation in my view . 
  the op could have written that it was in the capital city , that is true . 
  i still completely disagree that articles ( secondary sources ) are better than videos and other primary sources . 
  ** we need to work with primary sources to avoid bias and manipulation by the media . 
  again , i * did not post this * . 
  and that does n't take care of the bias and manipulation . 
  the media can simply not cover that event because it does n't suit their agenda , yet you want to remove all posts without an article ? 
  everything can be biased , but a continuous video with no cuts or edits of the event happening right before the camera is as unbiased as it gets . 
  i think this crisis showed that there are really no `` good media sources '' . 
  practically all media have an unacceptable bias in a wrold of person-to-person internet communication . 
  we should take news back into our hands . 
  the context is actually all there in the video title and description , it 's just in slovak ( which i can read ) . 
  translation should have been provided , but rules say that posts should not be taken down due to lack of translation . 
  you can chose not to trust that source , and that 's perfectly all right . 
  but we should not make that choice for other people . 
  not really , they 're out to push their agenda . 
  there 's no proof that op has any sort of agenda . 
  stop unsubstantiated ad hominem attacks . 
  and if you actually paid attention to the video and the comments , you 'd see it explained that the police take down their helmets as a sign that they are joining the protest , not guarding it . 
  all that is clearly visible in the video . 
  immigration is n't really a left-wing/right-wing issue in europe . 
  in slovakia for example all parties are anti-immigration . 
  but again , why do we have to rely only on secondary sources ? 
  if * you * want to rely on them , that 's perfectly fine . 
  but let other people make their own decision if they want to rely on primary sources as well !, 
  it 's not your choice !, 
  well , since i understand slovak , i can confirm the context is accurate . 
  is it really that horrible to let a primary source onto the subreddit ? 
  if it 's fraudulent , people will most likely point it out anyhow . 
  internet is bringing a revolution in spreading news and this is part of that . 
  if one can not trust the bbc , i do n't think the responsibility is really practiced . 
  i feel like i 'm talking to a bunch of 60-year-olds that think i want to steal their broadsheet newspapers . 
  it 's in the comments . 
  the police decided to take down their helmets , thus indicating they are joining the protest , not guarding it . 
  true . 
  and i think you * are * `` wrong people '' in this question . 
  hehehe . 
  so you 're saying that you know yourself so well that you just * know * you 're not `` wrong '' . 
  so , they are extremists just because you say so ? 
  because i do n't think the normal users of / r/europe that do n't get downvoted to hell are really extremists . 
  some might say * you * are the extremist ( though i would n't , cos i do n't know you at all ) . 
  like you said , it 's all in the eye of the beholder . 
  so saying what you said is just extremely narcissistic and completely wrong . 
  i am a * very old guard * user ( 5 year club ) . 
  the sub has changed by becoming default , but it 's not extremist at all . 
  i believe it represents the attitudes of general europeans . 
  the `` extremist '' label just gets shouted by the former old guard that was very left-leaning . 
  they do n't like the sub was taken over by the general population which has different views than they do . 
  i feel with them , their favourite subreddit is not theirs anymore , but that 's how things go . 
  also , i have been pretty much * completely glued * to the sub for the past several months . 
  and while there are some racists , they are very few , and they get almost always heavily downvoted . 
  there were practically no people that wanted to shoot people on the boats . 
  there were just two categories : 1 . 
  those who wanted to destroy the boats without people , but were misunderstood ( often on purpose ) , and 2 . 
  those who warned that attitudes in europe might get so bad , that someone might actually condone shooting of the people on the boats ( aka new hitler rising from this crisis ) . 
   and i know myself better than you do , thus think you are wrong . 
  irregardless of any what happened on this sub , this is just completely narcissistic thing to say . 
  you think there 's some objective definition of a `` moderate '' . 
  well , there is n't . 
  moderates are just defined as more moderate than extremists . 
  it 's all relative . 
  that 's why * you * ca n't objectively judge yourself to be `` moderate '' or `` not wrong '' , because you have no objectivity when speaking about yourself . 
  not really . 
  those policemen in the picture just * do n't * have helmets , as evidenced by the caps they wear . 
  if they put down their caps , then they would indicate joining the protest . 
   literally no idea why you attack me with all this ad hominem garbage , but apparantly you consider it useful in some way or another . 
  ad hominem is attacking your person . 
  i am attacking what you said . 
  thus by definition * not * an ad hominem attack . 
  and you have completely failed to understand my arguments , so i do n't feel further discussion would be in any way productive . 
  calling someone a narcissist and saying what he said was narcissistic are two very different things . 
  i do n't wish to insult you , i 'm hoping to show you that what you said ca n't really be true and is very presumptive . 
  anyway , ad failed understanding : there was something that really pissed me off because you completely misunderstood what i said in your original comment , but since you edited it i do n't remember what it was . 
  anyway , honestly , i did n't read further , because your comment is really * way too long * and i do n't have time for that . 
  i 'm sorry that you have probably spent so much time on it and i wo n't read it . 
  i feel bad about that . 
  i 'm contemplating of announcing a word limit on responses i 'm willing to respond to in advance so this does n't happen again . 
  i feel like on the internet , there 's a presumption that the other guy is always an asshole and it subconsciously influences us to get more and more pissed of with each comment even when they do n't really warrant it . 
  i think it might be the informal nature of the communication coupled with the fact that face expressions and such ca n't be properly conveyed . 
  thank you for taking the time as well , and have a nice day !, 
  i feel like the moderation problems are completely hopeless . 
  so many times reform was tried , but it still ends up like 1984 . 
  can we done anything about it , really ? 
  this is pretty funny :, 
   i mod that [ / r/european ] subreddit . 
  i enjoy it , but we 've been getting so many cuckservatives [ = conservatives ] lately . 
  ** we used to be such a nationalist userbase before the / r/europe mods started banning anyone mildly concerned about the migrant crisis . 
  and then here :, 
   the reason why [ / r/european is ] getting blue pilled is because ** we get around 100 new subscribers a day due to rampant banning in / r/europe . 
  it 's so bad in / r/europe that even cuckservatives are considered to be racist bigots , and they send all of their cuckservatives over here .
