  can you get a source on this ? 
  i believe that 's a false explanation . 
  it 's probably someone trying to rationalize the fact that the south korean border guards are taller . 
  which they are , since south koreans are all on average taller than north koreans due to better nutrition . 
  thanks . 
  sadly `` the uploader has not made this video available in your country . '', 
  is there some system to the madness that is the road/highway system pictured ? 
  it scares me a little , 
  just a thought , i 've read that problems with trash pickup can cause mass exodus of citizens . 
  they actually ride bikes on the paths in my game . 
  zoom up close . 
  a dutchman ... uh ... finds a way , 
   two ( ! ), 
  methalox engines are in development, 
   even better , there 's 3 of them, 
  even better , i just read the wiki page on [ liquid methane rocket fuel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/methane#liquid_methane_rocket_fuel ) and apart from the 3 mentioned , they list these :, 
  * china aerospace science and technology corporation - completed a first ignition test on a new lox methane rocket engine, 
  * nasa 's project morpheus - developed a small restartable lox methane rocket engine with 5,000 pounds-force ( 22 kn ) thrust and a specific impulse of 321 seconds suitable for inspace applications including landers . 
  small lox methane thrusters 5 -- 15 pounds-force ( 22 -- 67 n ) were also developed suitable for use in a reaction control system ( rcs ) . 
  * french space agency cnes is working with germany and a few other governments and will propose a lox/methane engine on a reusable launch vehicle by mid-2015 , with flight testing unlikely before approximately 2026 . 
  not enough asexuals on tv , i say bring it on !, 
  well , she does n't know ian . 
  beautiful !, 
  my favourite view in the game , absolutely stunning !, 
  the europa universalis 4 dlc packs are about 2 times more expensive then i 'm willing to give for them , but i always wait for some steam sale and get them . 
  they are indeed really fun !, 
  maybe the crs missions are under more thorough scrutiny , so the problem would have been discovered had it been there . 
  whereas turkmensat falcon was n't inspected as thoroughly . 
  spacex should use some of that cutting-edge blimp technology . 
  hence the '' :-d '' part . 
  look at it from a side , it 's a smiley face . 
  your point being ? 
  i love the subplot of the last two or three seasons : someone finds about mike not being lawyer . 
  everyone gasps . 
  they find a way to keep that someone quiet . 
  all is well . 
  repeat once every two episodes . 
  you really do n't . 
  i keep watching only because i ca n't keep my eyes away . 
  it 's like watching a train wreck in slow motion . 
  except when showing muhammed . 
  i absolutely agree , in other discussions i expressed my opinion that he 's overall a good president , kinda like fdr , forceful , but what america needs right now , certainly better than dunbar . 
  though , i 'd still be a bit afraid of voting for him , knowing what i know . 
  because he * is * evil . 
  it 's just a good coincidence that as potus his goals align with america 's , mostly . 
  i do n't think it 's stupid at all . 
  it 's just impractical , because people have trouble with that much weight . 
  it 's basically the same idea behind a tank : * needs more armour . 
  absolutely not , are you mad ? 
  the first aeroplane ever made by the wright brothers was very impractical . 
  but if you claim it 's stupid , then you 're probably retarded . 
  the * idea * is great , it 's just the current rendering that is impractical . 
  from this basic idea we have both tanks and bulletproof vests today . 
  i 'd ascribe it to the lack of preview image , i usually hover over the preview image and hoverzoom browser extension shows me the full picture , and if i like it i go into the link . 
  third time in the last 20 years . 
  you need to put it into perspective . 
  plus , fine money !, 
  no , they wanted the soviet-bloc republics to join , which they did . 
  there was never talk of russia joining . 
  honest question : where are you from , and how has the joining of the new eu members inconvenienced you ? 
  which country ( ies ) and cities can you yourself speak to , specifically ? 
  and how has it affected you personally ? 
  well , the short-term effects are n't positive , that is true . 
  though remittance is n't as high as you think . 
  but think of it in the long term . 
  what you have just described would be almost the exact opinion of any conservative american between 1776 and now . 
  yet it turns out , in long term , all those migrants create even more jobs , more opportunities and more wealth . 
  and by having an influx of migrants which are generally younger than the aging population , you 're also avoiding the problems of newer generations being below the replacement levels of the old ones . 
  america is now the wealthiest economy in the world , even with all its problems . 
  overall , it might hurt you somewhat in the present , but it is positive for your country and you too in the long term . 
  or 16 story buildings with a [ highway inside them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gate_tower_building ) !, 
  osaka be crazy !, 
  i 'm not sure where you 're coming from ( since you decided not to share your country ) , but from the news i 'm getting , i 'm not worried about the eu in the long term . 
  the euro might dissolve , but the eu has proved very positive for practically everyone . 
  even britain wo n't part ways since it would have strong negative impact on their economy , trade and financial markets . 
  and politicians would lose a scapegoat they 've been relying on for decades . 
  plus studies show that the intra-eu migration to the uk has quite positive effect on the uk already , which is what allowed it to keep the effect of the global economic downturn to a minimum . 
  actually you ca n't . 
  you can absolutely remain in efta , but efta is n't nearly as integrated as and with the eu common market . 
  you 'd suffer from leaving the eu due to it in terms of trade . 
  and since you would n't have the advantages of being an eu country , your banking and financial system would take a hit too . 
  international companies would no longer set up hq in the uk , but move somewhere else . 
  and since financial services are the lifeblood of london , it would be pretty bad for the city . 
  i 'm not gon na go into political and financial part of it , since i do n't have that much time . 
  but i 'm pretty sure on the economic aspect . 
  and what i described is just a part of the economic ramifications that would come . 
  can i presume i met my first ukip voter ? 
  :-) i would n't , it would seriously fuck them up . 
  and there 's a real chance they 'd provoke scotland into a second referendum , which would * definitely * end in a yes this time . 
  the politicians lied through their teeth the last time to win it , and everyone realized it now , since nothing of what was promised materialized . 
  and on the matter of sovereignty , if the uk left the eu but wanted to keep at least some integration into the eu internal market so as to not implode completely , they would still have the pass the very same eu laws to be allowed to do so !, 
  and now without being able to vote and veto them !, 
  the ultimate fuck you to their citizens , 
  and the last widow of a civil war veteran died in 2008 !, 
  [ maudie hopkins ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maudie_hopkins ), 
  eh , they 'll just allow the number to be bigger around 2030 , the only people having problems with it in 2038 will be those persistent windows xp users . 
  he already had a segment on it a few episodes back . 
  and there 's not that much new evidence , just mostly hearsay if i recall correctly . 
  plus , this is an american show . 
  100 % yes .
