  or would it continue as it did before film ? 
  this implies there was n't porn before film . 
  conscience is not a flimsy thing . 
  most people are n't murderers , rapists or criminals . 
  only a select few are . 
  * be realistic , ( sic ) here . 
  no problem . 
  next time though , please think it through before shunning and jailing entire section of the populace . 
  pedophiles did n't chose to be that way so let 's try to make their life as ok as it possibly can be without endangering any more kids . 
  it * is * inhumane to deny people something they crave for their entire life that has * already been made * and can not be unmade !, 
  many normal porn videos are done with victims of human trafficking . 
  yet that does n't stop the majority of the planet from watching porn . 
  urges are * powerful !, 
  * , they need to be managed . 
  producing kiddie porn is an action . 
  watching is passive . 
  i do n't doubt there are people strong enough to survive without porn , but i believe not everyone has that power . 
  if legalizing already made materials saves even 1 child from being abused , because the perpetrator could n't find any porn to satisfy themself , it 's worth it . 
  nope . 
  i 'm saying possession should not be criminalized , only production . 
  world is a fucked up place , i think we all know that . 
  it 's about making it as ok as possible . 
  not porn , access to some kind of sexual release should be a human right . 
  and since for these unfortunate people , anything real * has * to be illegal , they have to rely on porn . 
  that is just one small group of pedophiles . 
  as i said , there are plenty of people with strong will that can go `` cold turkey '' on their sexuality . 
  but that 's only a small fraction of the population . 
  if you really want to stop child abuse , legalize child porn . 
  i actually did n't come up with the decriminalization suggestion , it 's based on articles and studies i 've come across . 
  http://phys.org/news/2010-11-legalizing-child-pornography-linked-sex.html . 
  considering there are [ venus figurines ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venus_figurines ) as old as 28.000 years , and cave paintings even older than that , whereas history ( = written records , as opposed to prehistory = before written records ) is about 6000 years old , i 'm pretty sure there was porn throughout the * entire * human history !, 
  it makes perfect sense - i 'd wager that more often than not people are returning by the same route as they came in . 
  lol . 
  that 's of course absolutely unrealistic and nobody could have conceivably thought otherwise . 
  except dolls are clearly not enough . 
  i could n't masturbate to an adult woman doll , so i do n't think it would work for pedophiles either . 
  and remember , when they ca n't get `` off '' anywhere else , they might be desperate enough to go abuse real kids . 
  desperation is the true evil . 
  photoshop . 
  i do keep expecting him to come up with greek default and switch back to drachmas , but so far nothing . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  the third person has no obligation to limit its sexual partners . 
  it 's only the husband or the wife that has taken the vow to not have sex with other people . 
  extramarital sex is only amoral because the person has vowed to the other to not have sex with other people . 
  so only breaking of that vow is the problem . 
  the only reason the wife or husband will divorce the cheating partner is because of that promise having been broken . 
  not because of the sex that occurred !, 
  if the married couple agreed beforehand to have sex with other people , there is no problem . 
  therefore , it would be wrong to accuse the third person of any wrongdoing . 
  no , sex with children was normal for 20,000 years . 
  remember greece 's man-boy love relationships ? 
  and she * is * asian . 
  which is in asia . 
  when china moves to the americas , you 'll know , do n't worry about that !, 
  that 's a very generalizing statement . 
  for instance , the issue of traffic is a technological limitation : housing scales in 3 dimensions whereas streets scale only in 2 dimensions . 
  that leads to impossible traffic problems in all cities over time . 
  flying autonomous car technology would alleviate that problem at once . 
  some current problems could be solved with policy , but not nearly all . 
  could have . 
  always could have . 
  exactly . 
  technological limitations . 
  why are you so angry at an economics oriented paper for not predicting exactly what will happen next in one of the most difficult to predict geopolitical squabbles in the history of humanity ? 
  i read it for economic insights , and they 're great for that . 
  the hint is in the name . 
  they can express their opinion , especially from the economics point of view , which is very valuable . 
  but you as a critical reader must remember what point of view they are writing from . 
  if you feel like not reading probably the best economics paper there is just because they 're not overall infallible in other non-economics fields , that 's your loss . 
  how about the government of the united kingdom ? 
  https://steamloader.com/ transfer money from bitcoin to steam wallet !, 
  i like it !, 
  sheep need no electricity !, 
  i believe it 's got more to do with belarus itself . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong , but i hear the country is rather closed off and still very russian oriented . 
  so a western company would n't have it easy there . 
  also , being richer than ukraine , moldova and bulgaria * really is n't all that impressive * . 
  from wiki :, 
   in 2000 , belarus and russia signed a treaty for greater cooperation , with some hints of forming a union state . 
  belarus 's democracy index rating continuously ranks the lowest in europe , the country is labelled as `` not free '' by freedom house , `` repressed '' in the index of economic freedom , and is rated as by far the worst country for press freedom in europe in the 2013 -- 14 press freedom index published by reporters without borders , where belarus is ranked 157th out of an overall total of 180 nations . 
  nope . 
  more like density of human population , so maybe very indirectly with the rhine . 
  superchargers are n't meant for cities , more like for travelling between cities . 
  so it makes sense to put it between tallinn and riga . 
  sorry , but 3rd city in romania really is n't anything close to priority . 
  i would go even further and say that moldova * is * a third-world country . 
  they put them in cities when they want to cover more than one direction . 
  talinn-riga is a highly travelled corridor as opposed to most other directions , whereas it makes sense to put a charger say in dublin , because dublin connects to a lot of other places , not just in one direction . 
  yes , because most capitals connect in multiple directions , so to cover them all you have to put it in the city . 
  whereas traffic from tallinn goes mainly in the direction of riga , mainly because tallinn is a port city and the tallinn-riga route connects baltics and finland to central europe . 
  yes , but the blue banana is about economic output , and it mostly relates to the density of population . 
  so the blue banana is connected to the rhine only indirectly through population . 
  students do n't have money for teslas . 
  but my point was different - sorry , but romania is pretty unimportant for tesla right now . 
  so they * really * do n't care about the 3rd biggest city . 
  i think you misunderstand what `` priority '' means . 
  sure , when they 've installed superchargers in the more important places , they 'll eventually get to xth romanian city too . 
  frankly , i am disillusioned so much , that i honestly think that because bernie is * white * , the gop will like him more . 
  it 's sad , but that 's the kind of world i believe we live in . 
  it 's almost like reddit is n't just one fucking person !,
