  hydrogen power being potentially perfectly clean , i think it 's best to have some competition in the zero emission market !, 
  in the end , we might benefit !, 
  edit : to make myself clear , it 's a clean energy carrier in the sense that it wo n't cause pollution where the car drives . 
  whether it 's completely clean or not depends on its manufacture , but it definitively has the potential to be perfectly clean . 
  and while i personally do n't believe hydrogen cars will catch on , the tech might be used in trucks , ships , planes , maybe even rockets , thanks to its higher fuel density . 
  in cars i believe you 're right . 
  but if they push this technology forward , it might be used in other things , i 'm thinking planes and rockets . 
  those are still far off being ev capable . 
  maybe ships too , because i ca n't fathom a battery so large it could take a huge transport ship across the globe . 
  what i understand is that most hydrogen is manufactured . 
  so if you use water as the carrier then it 's as clean as evs since both are using grid electricity to produce a `` charge '' . 
  good point . 
  i personally do n't think it will be used in cars , but it might be used in trucks , ships , planes , maybe rockets , since it has , as of today , higher energy density while still being ( potentially ) cleaner than fossil fuels . 
  did n't know that , thanks !, 
  that would explain it . 
  i can not imagine me thinking that though , 
  well , toyota could make some breakthrough in containment tech that would benefit there !, 
  that being your mindset , did you fantasize about having sex with some of your teachers , or did that just not happen to you ? 
  why does it require double the power ? 
  then it 's a question of what will improve at a faster rate . 
  first off , going to space is n't a `` gimmick '' but a very interesting experience . 
  secondly , they are developing the technology hoping the next iteration could serve as extremely fast commercial intercontinental travel , which is a good idea . 
  according to all the definitions , reaching above 100km in altitude you are in space . 
  on a sub-orbital trajectory , but in space . 
  your considerations aside , i 'll stick to international definitions if you wo n't mind . 
  why would you need to convert hydrogen energy into electricity and then motion ? 
  ca n't hydrogen engine be developed ? 
  and still , we 're working with several energy conversions of unknown efficiencies , i do n't think we can be certain what the relative efficiency will be when the tech develops a little more . 
  since rockets do n't run on li-ion batteries but do ron on hydrogen , let 's say you 're over generalizing . 
  hydrogen can be compressed , li-ion batteries less so . 
  yes there are several problems with compressing hydrogen , but that technology can be perfected . 
  my argument is , we should n't make fun of them just because they 're trying to make a breakthrough in a different field . 
  it could turn out very beneficial . 
  probably not though . 
  interesting that toyota thinks it can deliver a practical car !, 
  i 'm looking forward to their results !, 
  why ? 
  toyota did the math and they think they can do it . 
  let 's see !, 
  are you implying we wo n't ever have flying cars ? 
  that 's pretty cool !, 
  i think so too . 
  however , they do get referred to as president still . 
  i guess president emeritus does n't sound cool enough . 
  i 've heard this argument before but do n't know what do you really mean by interior ? 
  more cup holders ? 
  what are some examples where model s is lacking ? 
  he looks like he can suppress pain for a while . 
  is there more ? 
  i love it , that 's how you destroy an enemy !, 
  i call it * making highways * through their territory . 
  i always thought those were the same thing . 
  are they not ? 
  here 's what wiki articles say about both :, 
   transvestism ( also called transvestitism ) is the practice of dressing and acting in a style or manner traditionally associated with the other sex . 
   drag is used for any clothing carrying symbolic significance but usually referring to the clothing associated with one gender role when worn by a person of another gender . 
  to my untrained eye that sound like the same thing . 
  what am i missing ? 
  interesting read !, 
  yes , wordreference.com all the way . 
  but be sure to use the collins dictionary on the site , not the in-house one . 
  collins is way better since it has more layered definitions . 
  click on the tab `` collins '' on the site and then underneath `` show this tab by default '' . 
  you can do the same in their android app as well . 
  altruism is a thing . 
  i do n't think you 'd recover a dime . 
  they wanted to be just a little altruistic , they underestimated the demand which was explained above . 
  it is . 
  let me guess , are you from the british isles or outside europe ? 
  i think it 's more like 70 % or more . 
  yes , let 's get a kickstarter going and let 's send a dog to space !, 
  seven at the same time ? 
  what is your progress in the respective languages if i may ask ? 
  how do you keep the different languages separate and not mixed ? 
  when i learned french i completely overwrote what little i have learned in spanish . 
  cool !, 
  samurais served in world war 2 ? 
  this song is one of the reasons i 'm currently learning mandarin . 
  it 's magnificent . 
  [ wanting qu - you exist in my song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0dmz8rbg7g ), 
  i 've changed my mind on spanish as well after learning french . 
  french just flows so nicely , the sounds are beautiful to the ear . 
  but since spanish is a close language , it starts to sound really raw in comparison . 
  but that applies just to some dialects , european and mexican one for me certainly . 
  but cuban , oh man , that 's [ music to my ears !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yp6h6ey7xou ), 
  as a czech i have to admit , czech english is a really ugly language . 
  i bet it 's exactly that , a connection with the language and culture . 
  i tried learning spanish for 3 years , nobody was forcing me , but i still resented it , it was n't fun . 
  i found i 'm not really attracted to the culture , even the part of spain i really like actually speaks catalan , 
  then i took a bit of a hiatus , and then out of the blue thought , hey , let 's try french . 
  i blasted through french in such speed that people hardly believe it , and in just under 2 years i 'm on b2 . 
  there 's some ... * je ne sais quoi * about the language for me , 
  it 's ok , sarcasm and internet are a match made in hell . 
  i was n't trying to offend , just a little joke . 
  i can actually get behind that . 
  spain is a country that i do n't care about ever since hemingway left it three quarters of a century ago . 
  but south america , yeah that 's something i 'm interested in . 
  garc\u00eda m\u00e1rquez is one of my favourite writers , and i have a weird crush on cuba too , 
  as a man , charlize theron is incredibly sexy to me .
