  and a country that calls itself that has it coming anyway . 
  and i was raised to forget my childhood imaginary friends :-), 
  when i think about it , there 's something to it !, 
  from all the people in the world , i love that you attributed it to lenin :d, 
  i respectfully disagree on all counts . 
  that wo n't work , he wo n't get to this , because he 'll never jump out of the loop above . 
  meaning my friend who had issues with his computer being too slow sometimes wo n't play at all now . 
  great !, 
  well apart from the acceleration the powered rail gives you there 's also gravity at play pulling the cart forward . 
  i think it could be used during hypnotic sessions to great extent !, 
  i checked the video , yes , unoccupied minecart from 8 normal rails on a slope was 10m , but the difference between 8 powered rails and 8 powered rails on a slope was 19 vs. 22 . 
  so the difference is actually way less . 
  i think it might be a bit more complex . 
  is n't there a rule that the added speed of a powered rail is decreasing as your current speed goes up ? 
  meaning that first powered rail that boosts you from a halt gives you 100 % , but the 8th gives you only 40 % or something like that ( not counting that it will not go faster than 8m/s , it adds to the hidden momentum , so it does n't matter ) . 
  in that case one could argue ( before someone tests it to be sure ) that it is probably about the same to have 8 normal rails on slope and 8 powered after that and to have 8 powered rails on a slope . 
  and where 's some love for iddqd the mighties of them all ? 
  who defines the right way for stairs to face ? 
  irc is not a fan of good data organization !, 
  although i think this kind of errors should be mentioned to the person so he can learn the right way , i upvoted you for a great video !, 
  and each episode they have to save the space queen !, 
  blacula !, 
  disagreed, 
  the attic was already full of jews probably ... 
  meh , i 'll rather spend the gold to not have to do 2 pre-climbs to get out of my mine . 
  wait , i already did . 
  it is the point . 
  i 'll gladly pay the time up front by digging more gold than pay it every time i move upwards by having to do pre-climbs . 
  it was lengthy digging , but the trains run on time . 
  no , it needs you to use your imagination !, 
  source ? 
  from my experience spawn is in a near vicinity of 0 \u00d7 0 x \u00d7 y coordinates . 
  i absolutelly agree , i hope they are out there listening to us ... 
  amazing !, 
  i 'd just like a little elaboration on why you made the delay so huge ? 
  thank you !, 
  how many brightly yellow circles have you noticed passing through the sky with your peripheral vision while you were making this ? 
  so you see ... 
  puppies, 
  no it is n't . 
  if you really think so , please provide source to a proof . 
  yes i agree that in case you 're distributing huge amounts of drugs to the outside world than yes , but local consumption is i think alright , you do n't even have to be on sea : [ christiania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freetown_christiania ), 
  as for the taxes , i do n't think so . 
  companies are already using tax heavens , and i do n't think you can operate a company from nowhere , they have to be registered in some country . 
  that . 
  awesome . 
  gran . 
  you might want to read about [ jante law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jante_law ) a little . 
  what isp is that ? 
  is it even legal to block sites for isps ? 
  i do n't think it is here in the eu , but then again i 'm not a lawyer . 
  what isp , what country ? 
  i thought it was n't legal to do that ... 
  i do n't believe so . 
  do you have a source ? 
  uh , alright . 
  citing from the top results from your lmgtfy : `` in fact , it seems that filtering traffic to the pirate bay is actually illegal according to european law . '', 
  while danish courts allowed the blockade , i honestly do n't think it will fly under european court , this is essentially censorship of speech , european courts have a good grip on the de facto constitution . 
  as i pointed out in a different thread , danish tele2 was taken to court and lost and had to block tpb too , but they appealed to the european court , according to which it is actually illegal to censor internet . 
  it will take some years for the eu court , but i believe they will uphold freedom , which would mean irish isps would stop the censorship also . 
  that ... was unexpected ... 
  thank ... you ? 
  downvoting for very old content . 
  wow , that 's pretty interesting ... 
  `` but '' ? 
  funny usually involves unexpected . 
  the [ wiki article ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/hrfcp ) is also worth a read !, 
  there 's also an interesting [ video ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/hrfcc ) . 
  there 's also an interesting [ video ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/hrfcc ) . 
  the [ wiki article ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/hrfcp ) is also worth a read . 
  the czech republic is looking forward to building new blocks to our nuclear power plants !, 
  it was used like this centuries before euro . 
  why 3 minecarts , and how do you put them together ? 
  to be honest , if it killed people , it would n't have been cia 's fault , it 'd been the russians ' who stole the software and did n't have the decency to read the code or properly test it . 
  edit : grammar, 
  if i 'm stealing an operating system for something that can be very dangerous to my own people , i 'm being very irresponsible , if i do n't make sure it is n't dangerous for christ 's sake . 
  they just said to themselves `` hey , canadians are not dumb , it 'll work '' . 
  that 's not really responsible argument when deploying something that can cause the greatest non-atomic detonation on earth . 
  you 're deliberately steering the argument to emotions so as to avoid logic . 
  the detonation did not occur in populated area , so why do you propose they specifically intended it to ? 
  and you might want to reread your post . 
  while the original argument implies they risked harming people , you imply they intended to . 
  please , while editing your post , indicate that you edited it and what you changed by using the edit keyword , so as not to confuse people reading the arguments after your edit . 
  argument after you edited your post :, 
  if it was actually the police who stole the car ( since it was the government operated kgb that stole the system ) and used it as a police vehicle ( since they used it to operate state-controlled pipeline ) , then hell yes . 
  that would be awesome !, 
  i hate moving chests . 
  uh , come on people . 
  i really do n't think it 's that great sacrifice to program into minecraft something you happen not to think up yourself . 
   the reason * ancients * invented the television, 
  ftfy, 
  what risk ? 
  the dollar is going nowhere but down , so you have even the benefit of foreign currency appreciation . 
  we can leave your friends behind, 
  yeah , but i think it is calculated by observing the now retired , since we can not see into the future . 
  and also i think the life expectancy that matters to you is the one that is when you 're old , since young people survive easily , it 's the care for old people that really stretches the life expectancy . 
  edit : people , i 'm talking developed nations , not 3rd world countries . 
  the context is us retirement plans , i thought it was obvious . 
  suicide is de facto also a retirement plan , true . 
  for god 's sakes , of course i meant developed nations like the us and those in the eu .
