  that is disputable . 
  for instance here in czech republic , germany , and many or most european states , the driving regulations stipulate that you should merge using the zipper method at the very end . 
  among other reasons because doing so before causes the line to get longer and thus obstruct a longer portion of the road . 
  actually i think you do n't know what it means ... 
  he is perplexed . 
  why would it be a synonym for not pleased ? 
  huh ? 
  the op could have easily been perplexed as well . 
  and why do n't you err on the side of caution before inferring that people do n't use words properly ? 
  you just need to be a bit more polite is all . 
  good night ;-), 
  why ? 
  we have here a pretty nice community on reddit ( well , in most subreddits anyhow ) . 
  let 's just stop implying people are stupid so much , and it 'll be even nicer !, 
  backing down ? 
  that was my argument from the start . 
  when i see someone being a ... non-nice person on here , i react if i have time , 
  how do you switch ? 
  almost all wes anderson 's movies for that matter . 
  true dat . 
  just started with gnucash , if you 're still interested in a solution , you can do this way better with a split !, 
  just name the transaction `` day trip on date '' , click split , and underneath list each expense on its line - each can be categorized under different account , such as expenses : transport , expenses : food , etc. 
  and then on the last line put transaction type accounts : type-of-acount-you-paid-with ( such as accounts : cash ) , which will balance it all !, 
  if you want , you can even put in multiple payment methods , if you paid something with cash and something with a card , 
  it is quite late , but if you 'd still like an option to enter transactions on the go and then import , it is easily doable , at least on android . 
  download the gnucash client : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.gnucash.android, 
  import to it your accounts from the desktop app , and then add transactions on the go . 
  each day/week/month you can export those transactions , send the file to your desktop ( using email , dropbox , what have you ) and import to the desktop app . 
  i 'm doing it fine , 
  glad to have helped !, 
  apart from the hardware stuff others have pointed out , there 's an important software point . 
  if you keep it charging longer then needed , it will charge to 100 % and then stop charging , and will actually slowly discharge . 
  this is a software decision that greatly improves the battery life over long term . 
  but , it has the negative effect that if you unplug it long after it has been charged to 100 % it can have actual charge of only 90 % or a bit less . 
  of course if the chrage drops below some treshhold , it will again charge to 100 % , so you do n't need to worry you 'll unplug it , and it 'll be just 50 % charged . 
  it is very likely device dependent . 
  for n4 it is somewhere around 90 % from my experience i think . 
  i got reminded of it too , it 's really well made and thought out !, 
  good point . 
  that 's why god gave us these !, 
  check if one of these works with your box !, 
  wow , completely forgot i subscribed here !, 
  but my bbb is going strong , great little server using arch linux arm , 
  the connotation seem to be an educated guess gone wrong . 
  one other important things is filenames . 
  linux accepts almost any char in a filename , so it lets you name files with a colon for example even on a ntfs partition . 
  but windows will freak out and delete the file ( well , it 'll be in missing files ) . 
  found out the hard way . 
  other than that , i also found the hard way about windows hibernating not being good . 
  and even after that i got a few missing files etc. 
  in the end , i realized i have n't used windows for much other than gaming , and now i have my data on ext4s . 
  in windows , i have the ext4 drives mounted in read-only through ext2fs and that works for me . 
  well , the program says you * can * ... 
  but it 'll probably destroy all humanity and stuff . 
  very experimental . 
  i would n't dare . 
  well , not completely . 
  hence this thread . 
  wow , that should certainly be default . 
  really ? 
  ext4 stable was released in 2008 , that 's 6 years ago . 
  maybe you mounted ext3 partition in windows ? 
  that has more support , yes . 
  ext4 is very experimental , at least when mounting it as a disk . 
  there are some programs that will allow you write access to it through the program . 
  love the rescue shell . 
  such a great way to absolutely freak the fuck out casual users , 
  looks like a pretty awesome update . 
  i 'll finally give it a try !, 
  mind showing off your scripts ? 
  weird , i like them all , and mallrats is probably my favourite . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_hobbit_ ( south_park ), 
  you just won the editor wars !, 
  which was obviously his intention and definitively outweighs all the deaths he caused . 
  so , america 's rise from the great depression , the development of rockets and nuclear power outweigh over 70 million violent deaths in the span of 6 years ? 
  how exactly do you use tmux ? 
  i use tmux for connecting to rtorrent session on my server . 
  i 'm asking what workflow he uses it with , because i do n't really see what else to do with it . 
  well , i personally find europe quite exciting as a tourist , but personal preferences aside ... do you think se asia is really safe for a solo young woman to travel ? 
  i honestly do n't think so . 
  given this factor , i can only recommend europe , and skipping balkan countries too . 
  also , thailand has just declared martial law ... not a good holiday . 
  and speaking of mexico and south america ... again , absolutely not safe for a single female . 
  even though most of those people are nice upstanding citizens , it only takes one . 
  if you disagree by claiming i provide no sources , can you provide one then ? 
  because you do n't pay for opensource software , so they do n't have to refund you in case it does n't work . 
  paid programs have to cover their ass . 
  bloggers are anecdotal evidence , that is certainly not a good source . 
  now , onto wikipedia , if you notice , european murder rate averages somewhere around 1-1 .5 . 
  whereas cambodia 3.4 , laos 4.6 and thailand a whopping 4.8 . 
  what you might know is that the us is a rather very violent country as compared to the eu average , so do n't judge eu based on the us . 
  again with the rape rates , eu is quite safer than the us . 
  and the coup de gr\u00e2ce , you felt it necessary to call me a racist . 
  though i can not judge myself on that front , know that my opinions on violence are based on statistics . 
  unfortunately , poorer countries have a strong tendency to be more violent . 
  it is true today , and it was true throughout history . 
  the us being the exception , with all your 2nd amendment rights , and likely the historically unparalleled level of populations mixing . 
  have a good day , and a safe trip to op . 
  some sources :, 
  http://diegobasch.com/more-charts-murders-gdp-inequality - gdp vs. crime rate nicely illustrated,
