  the third one is for the dog , so you can look him in the eyes in the morning . 
  well , yes , each absorbs half of total , but total is twice as big when there 's two cars , so it 's actually the same as hitting a wall . 
  why the flash blocker ? 
  nope , not really . 
  oh i thought there was some relevance . 
  i 'll give hotspot shield a try . 
  i rly like pandora.com, 
  also , why the downvotes ? 
  i 'm lovin ' it :-), 
  1351/548715/1515 / 01/18487/the / owls/are/not / what/they/seem / 154/879/46848 / 4186/48687, 
  that 's fucking awesome !, 
  also torrents . 
  as a european i feel weird for donating to us schools , but you know , here in europe schools actually get funding , so , let 's help the poor us :-), 
  no , the one on top is more subtle :-p, 
  i think you mean htc , not google . 
  have you seen armageddon ? 
  they need to refuel somewhere , god damned !, 
  czech republic :, 
  maternity leave : 6 months at 90 % pay, 
  with possible additional `` parent 's leave '' , of * upto 4 years * paid by state ( not in % of wage , but fixed amount , not really much , something like 1/3rd of avarage wage of the country ), 
  have you seen a globe ? 
  it 's not in europe :-), 
  anyhow , they have a lot of history common with europeans , so they are thinking of joining anyway in a few years . 
  it 's about distances . 
  british isles are about 40km from the continent . 
  island is much farther . 
  with avarage size of say 7mb a piece , that 'd be roughly 85 gigabytes of music . 
  i , for one , got way more than that . 
  this !, 
  they did it . 
  that is the single best music player out there !, 
  the folder/library settings so easily switched , the album art so unbelievably quicky automatically downloaded , the equalizer with option to make it very loud for phone speaker !, 
  everything , absolutely everything !, 
  and i ca n't even buy it yet !, 
  what for ? 
  1 . it 's not yet on android market ( it 's beta ), 
  2 . chrome-to-phone is oh so better than scanning qrcodes, 
  someone posted a link to the newest version , grab it , it 's awesome . 
  is n't that picture an atreidos icon in dune 2000 ? 
  seconded . 
  i just could n't believe you drive so damn slow with twice the distances to cover than we here in europe . 
  that 's what she said !, 
  becouse if they have money , they 'll make it even more fucking awesome !, 
  bust your ass-door to-door ? 
  what 's so great about blindtype ? 
  i feel it will have the same problems as swype , only far greater ... 
  my guess is that when you pressure , more skin on your finger comes in contact with the screen , thus making bigger `` inprint '' . 
  i 'm a czech , and i have to say , these ads are very funny :-), 
  a ) there 's some jokes you do n't get becouse you 're not czech, 
  b ) our ads are generally not really awesome :-), 
  not really . 
  i 'm not gon na root and ruin my 2 year warranty . 
  1 ) nope , in all of eu the warranty is 2 years minimum, 
  2 ) unfortunately no , if you have czech t-mobile rom , that 's my bad for wanting the phone cheaper : - /, 
  3 ) i 'm just not taking the chances with device i 've been saving so log for . . 
  fucking batshit crazy us , i 'm getting tired of hearing how much unnecessary and stupid things you do, 
  downloading ... 
  it seems to me that the free version is view only , and full version is rather costly . 
  go and buy yourself a 16gb card , they 're very cheap now . 
  i had similar issue with stock card that came with htc desire , and heard a lot similar stories . 
  i think htc just does n't care about the quality of those sd cards . 
  and then make a left, 
  contacts on paper is not missing contacts on lcd , it 's a feature :-), 
  you mean ( 1 ) disregard women , ( 2 ) acquire currency ? 
  i actually liked this ad . 
  it 's one of those that appeal to my inteligence , instead of my dick and other senses . 
  of course , the red head-mounted dildo . 
  it 's called subreddits , and you 're doing it wrong . 
  oh , sorry , i 'll fap the other way next time ... 
  awesome :-), 
  i 'm on htc desire with 2.2 , and there is no edit button for me . 
  wtf ? 
  way to go , little green robot !, 
  what do you do to not get bored ? 
  i just started lifting , but i watch tv , otherwise i 'd be bored as hell , and would n't return to lifting the next day . 
  music does n't help . 
  what do you do to not get bored ? 
  i just started lifting , but i watch tv , otherwise i 'd be bored as hell , and would n't return to lifting the next day . 
  music does n't help . 
  or wes anderson 's shot moving from one room to some other like they have no front wall , ala doll house . 
  also true . 
  unimaginative ? 
  i just love his cinematography , it 's got a touch of something that always gets me in the situation . 
  very true . 
  i always wanted to be a tenenbaum . 
  would it be possible to throw the link which you 're spoofing by this to the comments somewhere ? 
  i love circlejerk , but i do n't want to follow stupid subreddits ... 
  :-) ) ) quite good :d, 
  seconded . 
  i believe that it will be overruled in the end . 
  supreme courts in europe have a firm grip on the constitution , which gives us freedoms that cover this . 
  pirate bay is just like a post office that does n't censor letters . 
  that 's constitutional . 
  it 's because the ruling of european courts is not applicable until all the possibilities of an appeal have been exhausted . 
  nope , the court will likely go as high as swedish supreme court , where they 'll , i think , find it constitutional right to not censor your website . 
  supreme courts in europe are quite reasonable . 
  fucking interested !, 
  then wait no more , poweramp is the one . 
  what ? 
  android uses java .
