  / r/europe mods on a banning spree are ruining / r/european !, 
  maybe that was the whole point all along ? 
  if i may voice my opinion , i think hiding ban appeals into modmail is not a good decision for the sub . 
  it promotes bad modding without any accountability to the community . 
  i 'd like to propose that a new subreddit / r/europebanappeal be created exclusively for this . 
  it would provide a bit of oversight that the users so yearn for and would be much appreciated by the community . 
  there could also be a sort of `` jury of your peers '' element to it , where users would be instructed to downvote if the appeal should not be even considered and upvote if they support considering the appeal . 
  thus the mods would n't even have to deal with large numbers of appeals in the first place . 
  i have reserved the subreddit so nobody can hijack it and i 'll transfer it to the mods should they favor the idea . 
  in some countries , the government * is * on the internet . 
   i do n't know why someone would organize a brigade to downvote someone 's ban appeal , but i guess it could happen . 
  and organized upvoting would n't mean anything anyway . 
  but if you feel that way , you could go the other way : ban voting , ban comments from anyone but the op and the mods . 
  then it would simply serve as a useful ledger of bans . 
  well , i think it 's likely they just do n't want to respond to you . 
  and without any form of oversight they do n't really have to . 
  well , you can completely disregard it then . 
  i think some form of a public ledger for ban appeals is really important for the relationship between the mods and the community . 
  i consider it very relevant to the refugee crisis which is the supreme european issue right now . 
  looking in those discussions , quite a lot to discuss it seems . 
  my guess would be * stop freaking out about it every two days for crying out loud * . 
  i like it . 
  exactly . 
  it 's more important to look hot for space babes . 
  wow , perfectly in sync !, 
  one suggestion : never keep money in a paypal account . 
  they can confiscate all of it on some vague pretense and you 'll never get the money back . 
  oh , i must have confused the shades of green then . 
  never heard of counter , brilliant solution !, 
  yeah , but do it on the dl . 
  usually government mandated . 
  and possibly it reassures the buyers who could be confused when no date was offered . 
  well , it * is * silly . 
  it 's like gymnastics while running . 
  but it 's awesome as hell . 
  in a world where subreddits and similar communities are becoming the primary news source of many , i feel it is very important . 
  then i would became corrupt and started acting oppressive and secretive -- such is human nature . 
  it solves nothing . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm not sure what your age is , but as time progresses and old people die out , it wo n't be long till the majority of the population gets their news from communities like / r/europe . 
  i have tried talking to the mods . 
  i have tried suggesting an open ban appeal ledger several times and each time got shot down . 
  and their shameless banning of hundreds for very poor reasons continues as you can see here on / r/europemeta before ban appeals were forbidden ( too much openness i guess ) . 
  i have suggested this before and got shot down , but : would n't it be great to create a public ban appeal ledger ? 
  there people could read for what comments people were banned and read the response of the mods . 
  because i agree with these posts , the mods here * are * somewhat secretive and they * do * ban overzealously . 
  at least from the evidence i 've seen . 
  i think an open ledger would help bring the mods and the people back together . 
   at least from the evidence i 've seen . 
  i should have been more precise , * i believe * you are highly overzealous from the evidence i 've seen . 
  there are people complaining about their bans here and there if they manage to avoid another ban for a second or two , and they usually appears to have been banned quite wrongly . 
  my claim to your `` somewhat secretive '' streak comes from the omnipresent push not to allow these ban appeals in the open ( hence the recent rule against ban appeals here ) , resistance to any form of open ledger , and your personal banning of people and posts leaking your mod stats . 
  among other things . 
  lol . 
  do you mean slow cosby and hot cosby ? 
  there does n't have to be , but i like to think it 's possible . 
  i read the article , and they managed to connect it quite seamlessly . 
  damn , that would be awesome . 
  the graphics in babylon 5 are just preventing me from going into it . 
  potatoes are good for you . 
  after all , it was * [ baltarstar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubnj7d27y94 ) galactica !, 
  um , then why did it dissolve ? 
  can anybody point me to some article/documentary ? 
  that 's a nice rolling death trap !, 
  this kills joke . 
  knots per hour, 
  leave it as it is , it 'll only be funny if it gets to a ridiculous delay . 
  since he did n't mention it : south african , canadian and us citizenships i believe . 
  well , there 's a plenty of space to put a spare tire if you really need it . 
  yeah , the term drifted a lot . 
  so what suv gets the 3.2 seconds ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  how do you figure ? 
  czechoslovakia , yugoslavia , the soviet union and sudan appear to have had split a bit earlier than i remember ... 
  do n't put it down , `` that 's cute '' is one of the best survival mechanisms that exist in the age of the zoo !, 
  look at pandas , they are * completely * unfit for survival in every way , but they 're * so damn cute * , we do every silly thing possible to keep those buggers alive !, 
  the whole non-hispanic white vs. hispanic white distinction is pretty meaningless . 
  i mean , the * data * are kinda interesting , but the 1970 map is really fucking shitty , man !, 
  well , you 're clearly in on the conspiracy if you claim to have lived in `` finland '' since birth !, 
  next you 'll start claiming you 're from bielefeld !, 
  that would make it kind of a shitty map , would n't it ? 
  that 's pretty hilarious , and * very shitty * too !, 
  that makes it shitty !, 
  so say we all !, 
  well , if op just made the title up , sure . 
  but i think he just used the title that someone used with it , which makes it totally a shitty map !, 
  my belief in humanity . 
  i shall persevere . 
  latvia has sunk into the seas !, 
  sorry , russia needs a ( nother ) warm water port !, 
  the moonsoon came too soon this afternoon . 
  could you share with the class ? 
  3d printing still has a lot of catching up to do . 
  like your balls . 
  this needs to be higher , all the above comments are part of the title , dammit !, 
  i did , do n't worry !, 
  it was my understanding that constantinople fed itself by fishing in the closed off harbour when under siege . 
  is this incorrect ? 
  one borough per continent !, 
  exactly one half of the building burns down .
