  there was a lot more miscalculated yelling and intimidation that quickly turned against him . 
  s1/2 frank would never do that . 
  but i 'm not sure if we can ascribe that to the writing . 
  on frank 's part it is the result of him gaining such immense power . 
  he began to think he was invincible . 
  and as for claire , all she strived for was frank 's presidency . 
  she thought it was going to change things for her drastically . 
  yet when it came , a different reality set in . 
  and she is cracking knowing that there 's little for her there . 
  it 's really not that crazy . 
  these three release dates are a strong indication of intent , otherwise it would be a huge coincidence . 
  that was on purpose . 
  this season his job got extremely more complicated . 
  he was n't , and could n't have been , so self-assured anymore . 
  he could n't anticipate others so much this season as he did in the past . 
  well , the name of the show is * house of cards * . 
  by the end of season 2 he had finished building it . 
  only a fall must come next . 
  he kinda looks like the combination of the two of them . 
  future generations will look back and wonder , what was this mythical , never-heard-of windows phone ? 
  he was a great human being , a great guy . 
  but a terrible president . 
  no he did n't , i went back and his hair goes lighter throughout the season . 
  this episode was a bigger jump than before though , that 's for sure . 
  i disagree . 
  tesla should focus on making personal cars . 
  through that they will develop the tech and the infrastructure enough so that someone else can make trucks . 
  elon himself said that even electric planes will be possible in the future . 
  the only thing that probably wo n't ever go electric is - you guessted it - rockets !, 
  exactly . 
  the world is n't going back to trains , it 's just not convenient . 
  way to have a friendly conversation . 
  you 're vastly oversimplifying what goes into making trucks and how different it is from making personal cars . 
  a company can do two things or one thing good . 
  especially one so young as tesla that is still working out kicks and trying to expand . 
  there 's no way tesla could start churning out trucks in the next 7-10 years . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in the last few years gas prices were higher than at any point in recorded history . 
  in both nominal and * real * prices . 
  and yet trucks are still the undisputed kings of transportation on land without any sings of it changing . 
  they might try , though i have doubts about it - plenty of car makers do personal cars and do n't do trucks . 
  but if they try , it 'll be a long time from now i believe . 
  their mission is personal cars , since they pollute the most . 
  and by the time tesla might get into trucks , other makers will already be there . 
  as someone that 's not extremely knowledgeable , you should n't be a spacex insider , 
  oh , i guess that 's a problem of language then . 
  i was talking about [ a truck ] ( http://www.hallmarkvanandtruckhire.co.uk/images/truck-hire.jpg ) , or even [ a truck ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2c/kenworth_w900_semi_in_red.jpg/1280px-kenworth_w900_semi_in_red.jpg ) . 
  a pickup is still a personal car . 
  and it 's not really that different to make from say model s. 
  and note on language : notice that in the article you provided there 's not one mention of the word `` truck '' . 
  i always hear it referred to as a pickup . 
  well , maybe it should n't have . 
  absolutely . 
  and trucks will switch to electricity and batteries . 
  but it absolutely wo n't be a resurgence of trains . 
  if anything , when in a few decades computers will be able to drive trucks , there 'll be even more trucks on the road in comparison to trains . 
  trains are extremely energy efficient even now and it does n't lead to them being used more than trucks . 
  the logistics with trains are just too complicated . 
  you have to have a truck pick up the cargo at point a , drive it to the train yard , then you have to reload the cargo onto the train . 
  then the train goes some distance , and then you repeat it all in reverse at the other end . 
  in the meantime you have to have 3 contracts , with truck drivers at both ends and with the train company . 
  now imagine how complex the scheduling gets . 
  and you have to pay those truck drivers while they wait too . 
  for these and many more reason i 'm not able to sufficiently describe here , we are definitely * not * going back to trains . 
  why , thank you !, 
  i find your lack of faith in evs disturbing given the subreddit we 're in . 
  the tech is absolutely there , already today there 's an article about across town trucks going electric . 
  the only real problem with long distance ev transportation is infrastructure right now , but given the * huge * cost savings by going electric , i believe in 10 years ev long distance cargo transport will be a thing , a serious contender . 
  on select routes , yes , but it will be scaring everybody else who 's still going on gas . 
  and that 's 10 years . 
  oil going really , * really * high wo n't happen in that time frame , not even close . 
  new technologies in extracting oil have just been picking up steam , if you pardon the pun . 
  turns out there 's plenty of oil where previously was none . 
  in all , there 's enough oil to go around for the next 40 years at least . 
  especially since the supply will be prolonged a lot by people going electric . 
  i feel you , trains are cool . 
  but they are a relic of the past . 
  if you do n't believe me , care for a long-term bet ? 
  can i ask where are you from then ? 
  can i ask where are you from then ? 
  as a european i have to object . 
  99 % of cars here have manual transmission  and you vastly overestimate the speed of the switch to evs . 
  in 10 years , if we 're lucky , more than 1/2 of new personal cars bought will be full evs . 
  if we 're lucky . 
  horse and the buggy were replaced because incredible amount of disadvantages over the car . 
  ev has mostly just long-term running costs and less maintenance going for it . 
  ice are still more versatile and cheaper to buy , and will be in 10 years time probably still . 
  and not that many car owners do enough driving to offset initial buying costs and such . 
  home charging is also an issue in plenty of places - in cities , apartment buildings , when renting , etc. 
  and 10 years is n't enough time to build infrastructure in all of those . 
  it will be very gradual . 
  ad semi-trucks full of weight : they actually did the math , check it out [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/2da221/how_does_the_math_work_out_for_semitrucks_using/cjo2lrl ) . 
  it 's way more optimistic than you think . 
  the main hubris people make is thinking that if truck has 20 times the weight it needs 20 times the power to keep going . 
  that 's absolutely false . 
  ad oil : you seriously underestimate the amount of oil that 's still left to utilize . 
  i 'm heading to bed , but i 'm certain if you do a bit of googling you 'll find there 's a decades worth still . 
  there 's no shortage we 'll be facing in the next 2 decades at all . 
  and do n't worry about us shale oil production , some companies will go bankrupt , but the investments are still there , they will get bought out by bigger fish and utilized whenever the possibility arises . 
  oil producers are n't idiots , and they 've been through this a few times already .
