  you have presumably 16:9 or 16:10 monitor , so horizontal strip is very expensive , however vertical strip is quite cheap . 
  when i have you here - i always wondered why did the rome fall from its capital position ? 
  i heard about the third capital being ravenna due to defensive purposes , but why did they move from rome to milan ? 
  i searched wikipedia for an answer , but found nothing . 
  seems weird that roman empire would abandon rome as a capital . 
  assuming harddrive size doubles every 2 years , it 'll be in 2203 ... 
  however , from an article about singularity i read in time , we 'll have the computing power of a human brain sometime around 2050-60 . 
  that 's why i put those two into contrast . 
  i wish i could . 
  i 'm from the frikking [ czech republic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_beer_consumption_per_capita ) : - /, 
  it 's not about comfortable in those places , you just ca n't do it , you would rest your leg on those people . 
  however , it is more comfortable when you have space to do it . 
  on the contrary , build up your resistance !, 
  yet it 's very lovely . 
  i visited the us from europe , been to many great cities , and i have to say new orleans was one of the best . 
  i have to say it 's pretty hard to choose between ny , chicago and nola , however , i can definitively say it is in the top three , and of those three , it is the loveliest , the homeliest city . 
  + the jazz . 
  unforgettable . 
  great post , thanks . 
  thank you for a great post . 
  i have just one question :, 
  how is it with non-named accounts ? 
  is it possible today to open an account without an id , secured just by a password ? 
  it would be a very powerful tool for tax evaders , and especially today would seem like a logical option . 
  you 're doing it wrong , it 's year-month-day !, 
  day-month-year is as logical as this . 
  this way or the reverse does n't matter , it 's the proper sequence that 's important . 
  or new version of minecraft where you can finally craft beds from coloured wool , 
  i read the whole paper you listed as source , and wow , that was a fascinatingly frustrating read . 
  thanks !, 
  you 're writing 30-page scientific papers often ? 
  i did only once , my thesis : - o, 
  wow . 
  can i get somewhere a fullhd resoluton for screen background ? 
  i have no idea what that is , but it 's funny , 
  do n't humans need some bacteria to live ? 
  like in our stomachs to deal with food or something like that ? 
  however i agree that we might be soon powerful enough to only let live pleasant bacteria . 
  can you recommend a good one ? 
  well , mine wo n't . 
  my youtube stops video if i switch to some other app , but not when i turn off the screen ( i.e. 
  the sound is still heard ) . 
  cm 7.1 , it 's 2.3.4 i think, 
  so did i. 
  best house moment !, 
  maybe the speed of light applies ? 
  i mean not angular , but at the furthest point from the rotation axis . 
  that would be actually pretty cool , his insides would be aging normally due to being at halt , but his extremities would not age due to going at the speed of light !, 
  the spacetime continuum would tear him apart !, 
  yes , it 's could n't * have * known , but do n't be a dick about it . 
  jyper might not be a native speaker , there are lots of us non native speakers . 
  well i 'm not ok with anyone being a dick . 
  point out the error , that 's absolutely alright , but do n't berate the person . 
  absolutely yes , probably his best by every standard ( even [ his own ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurt_vonnegut#self-assessment ) ) . 
  it 's a little more accessible than slaughterhouse-five , and very beautiful . 
  so ... like the titanic ? 
  as an economist who read marx 's theories , no , marx was very far from it . 
  i might have boasted a little , i 'm just a economics student , so i 'm not fond of this corrupt oligarchy . 
  also , i live in a country with one of the world 's highest economic equality ( czech republic ) . 
  i 've just read some marx 's theories and they are sound only for their time - the 19th century . 
  they 've been overcome and disproven on probably every level . 
  i hope with all my soul the show will continue . 
  on the other hand , hugh laurie is all around talented , and he might want to continue with something else . 
  the long awaited sequel to the awesome gun seller perhaps . 
  awwww , jimmy it 's gon na be all good, 
  children rape victims ? 
  the best target of all , you are correct !, 
  he and louis c.k. 
  have a different styles , you might like louis ' better , but it 's just your opinion . 
  i think he is brilliant . 
  however , upvoted to compensate for those arseholes that downvote somebody for his opinion . 
  that 's a pretty valid point . 
  however , the right of free speech trumps their feelings in my book . 
  as long as he does not lie and defame them , it 's just talking . 
  it absolutely is not in a good taste . 
  however , humour in bad taste is probably the best kind of humour . 
  there 's even bastardos - bastards, 
  solid science !, 
  come on , act like a human being . 
  i liked this post , i do n't follow 4chan . 
  keep calm and carry on . 
  :d would you please answer me a few questions about the process of sucking bags of dicks ? 
  i 'm not american , so i might have to learn a bit before ... :d, 
  oh my , that 's quite the task :d, 
  how ? 
  nice . 
  damn wifi, 
  damn people who are also using the same router, 
  i mailed the admins a reddit gold postcard and on it i asked them to capitalize the first 2 letters of my nickname . 
  they did , 
  best is :, 
  mathematics - university/nursery school level . 
  mathematics come a full circle . 
  first , let 's deal with either the us or the `` world citizens '' . 
  those are quite different groups with different sets of solutions to their problems . 
  so on the account of the us 's 99 % : what 's wrong with the `` old economic model '' ? 
  taxing the rich and supporting the working class will bring about what you want - more equality like in the 70 's . 
  look at europe . 
  i know it has it 's problems , but the social order is quite fine , people are pretty much equal ( compared to the us ) , and there are n't people living in poverty in such great numbers . 
  or do you suppose it wo n't work for some reason ?
