  you , sir , are a philistine !, 
  i thought that to myself as well . 
  then i remembered that i use and love it myself ... 
  that depends . 
  war tourism goes up , every other component of gdp goes down or disappears . 
  i blame the tourists . 
  scotland is the shit . 
  honestly , for me one of the best things about simplenote is that there is a vim plugin for it . 
  so it 's not just siplenote , it 's how well it fits in my workflow . 
  i 'm not sure who said it , and i 'm paraphrasing , but : a good sci-fi can break exactly one law of physics . 
  let 's get schwifty !, 
  truly amazing !, 
  i actually understood that !, 
  yet i still ca n't use the damn subjunctive !, 
  lovely !, 
  well , start building a cave / submarine / rocket !, 
   in germany , i pay 9.95 $ ( ~ $ 11 ) per month , and all audio books cost no more than $ 9.95 , regardless of how many i buy . 
  do you mean that you can get 1 audio book per month for free for paying your $ 9.95 subscription ? 
  or can you buy literally all audiobooks for $ 9.95 or less right now ? 
  how this audio book , infinite jest ? 
  here in czech republic i see it as `` member price : $ 64.01 or 1 credit, 
  if it 's due to a law , the subscription should be more expensive to cover the cost of having to offer all books that cheaply . 
  but in fact , the subscription is 25 % cheaper even though the german sales tax is at least twice the american one . 
  what the fuck . 
  the fact remains that for users of dedicated mp3 players it is far easier to pirate audiobooks than to use audible . 
  heck , you 're saying it 's even illegal for them to use it . 
  that 's something audible should bloody think about . 
  itunes had a huge marketshare and thus could force rights-holders to make that step . 
  sadly with books there 's no big shark to do that yet , here 's hoping though !, 
  and seriously , the fact that the drm can be broken is the only reason i 'm even buying shit at audible . 
  if shit hits the fan , as it so often does , i 'm not losing all my books !, 
  as a guy in czech republic with metric shitton of new greek colleagues since a few years ago : i do n't think there 's a reason for any apology . 
  that 's why it 's funny . 
  well then , take up the maintenance of the project if it means so much to you . 
  that is how free software is supposed to work !, 
  i believe the original was :, 
  `` be the change you wish to see in the world . 
  now guys , how are we doing on those nukes ? '', 
  move to a sane country . 
  like literally every other country in the western world . 
  as a red hat guy that works on fedora , you could n't be further from the truth . 
  everyone is running fedora . 
  heck , even the few people that have a mac have fedora on it . 
  edit : by the way , it 's actually really hard to even get a mac , new employees automatically get a thinkpad . 
  you either have to have a good reason and arrange it during your hiring process to get a mac , or you have to wait years for your notebook warranty to run out and then ask for a mac . 
  on the other hand , i think proprietary drivers are better than keeping a windows partition and rebooting to that for games . 
  lesser evil and all that . 
  yes : [ xwayland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wayland_\\ ( display_server_protocol \\ ) #compatibility _ with_x ), 
  and by making things easier for developers , much more cool stuff will be able to get implemented . 
  not only a cleaner architecture , but if developers do n't have to fight against x , they 'll be able to implement faster and cooler stuff than ever before . 
  no , idiots have always been here and will always be here . 
  the problem is , it 's more acceptable to be an idiot today , you could say it 's mainstream . 
  see : fox `` news '' . 
  well , from our 7 member team it 's 1 guy . 
  but sadly i ca n't say much beyond that . 
  most people are on gnome , and a lot of people ( like me ) are using wms like i3 . 
  kde is n't that wide spread i think . 
  and it would be faster and cooler than the yacht you have now , i 'm sure !, 
  thank you , tried it and it 's * awesome !, 
  romania is very cheap . 
  you talked about fedora `` offices '' . 
  the only way that term makes sense is if you were talking about red hat teams working on fedora . 
  no it 's not . 
  the airplane ticket is about $ 400 , and the money from their last month 's paycheck will carry them half a year in romania . 
  in europe they wo n't even need a car , since we have actually working public transport . 
  sell the car and you have money for the plane ticket . 
  no you do n't , i have hundreds of games , many of which are really good ( kerbal space program , cs : go , cities skylines , europa universalis iv are just some of my favourites ) on my linux and i 've played exclusively on linux for the past 2 years . 
   there are racetracks where you can pay to go this fast . 
  apart from runways which are much shorter , no there are n't -- typical racetracks curve . 
  you wo n't achieve this kind of sustained speed anywhere else but public highways or maybe that high speed testing track in the desert . 
  well , he ca n't now that oliver spelled it out . 
  i feel the same , i still run kde on my desktop at home . 
  however , have you ever tried using kde on a laptop with a docking station ? 
  the appearance and disappearance of the extra monitor is just completely broken on kde , so there 's almost no chance to use it . 
  well , most people run gnome , so yeah it handles it better . 
  but i was not about to sink that low , so i switched to the i3 window manager and wrote myself a handy xrandr script , 
  i checked and the same problem persists . 
  i started noticing it on my own , actually . 
  i 'm seriously contemplating unsubscribing -- i do n't mind paying more for the us version , but paying more for less books ? 
  anyone with similar experience ? 
  but it is !, 
  if they allowed you to `` merge '' your libraries ( between audible.com and e.g. 
  audible.co.uk ) , that is allow you to view all your books at once in your mobile phone or elsewhere , the issue would be mostly eliminated . 
  and they 're not under any contractual obligation not to do that , they just chose not to !, 
  that 's like saying you would n't save a child because he might grow up to be a killer . 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  used to be , but dna processing technology is leaping forward year by year . 
  you 'll be the last to go , but you 'll go too . 
  there are people who think they have job security , and there are people who know how general ai is advancing every day . 
  you hyped it too much . 
  a plugin with which you can edit wikipedia pages from inside of vim . 
  it 's always such a pain to edit in that little text editor they have . 
  so which city is next , paris , brussels or berlin ? 
  yeah , seen that . 
  but afaik it ca n't use your . vimrc settings and of course no plugins . 
   so while the human race as a whole is not doing as well as star trek envisioned [ ... ], 
  i beg to disagree with that :, 
   rising from the ashes of the eugenics wars of the mid-1990s , the era of world war iii was a period of global conflict on earth that eventually escalated into a nuclear cataclysm and genocidal war over issues including genetic manipulation and human genome enhancement . 
  world war iii itself ultimately lasted from 2026 through 2053 , and resulted in the death of some 600 million humans . 
  by that time , many of the planet 's major cities and governments had been destroyed .
