  austria seems small , but usually has a marvellous army . 
  because in defensive wars there is an automatic call to arms , so if they are n't at war on your side already , they refused . 
  sadly no way to integrate them , believe me i tried . 
  but you can stop them from forming , so you can do [ this ] ( http://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/showthread.php?748204-please-dont-hate-me/page2 ) and then load up a save before the colonies formed . 
  i know you 'll be losing some game time , but believe me , it 's * so * worth it . 
  in case you really do n't want to go back , i had a thought that i maybe could just raise taxes on them to max , let them declare independence and then conquer them back . 
  i do n't know if it would work though , i never ended up trying it . 
  it would n't be fun without a challenge !, 
  not really , i just finished a england game , and thanks to my staggering amount of light ships i could afford i had such extreme income i could afford enormous army . 
  that 's a very important aspect of navy that directly transfers to power . 
  afaik all coalition members are automatically involved in a defensive war , regardless of truces . 
  if a member of a coalition is attacking , they all have a choice , and disregarding a truce gives you the usual stab hit . 
  ehm ... good relations ... 
  i just vassalized over a half and quickly passed the reform making all hre vassals not count towards the diplomatic relations cap , 
  the starts are always from historical dates , so blame history for france being that way . 
  if you feel like something else , try the randomized new world , or maybe import a world from ck2 , 
  pro tip : do n't do that , 
  as you say . 
  and it 's pretty nifty !, 
  in my last game i was so powerful that i wanted to expand fast , so i declared right after one war ended on someone new who just joined the coalition , and i was again at war with france , to get them down some more , 
  exactly , does anyone know how ? 
  remove the `` for nothing '' . 
  lingua franca does n't take its root from `` french '' . 
  instead , from frankish , and old extinct tongue spoken by germanic franks , it 's closest living relative would be the germanic language dutch . 
  to quote wikipedia :, 
  frankish or old franconian ( or , less correctly , old frankish ) was the language spoken by the germanic franks in the low countries and adjacent parts of contemporary france and germany between the 4th and 8th century . 
  it belongs to the west germanic language group and is thought to have given rise to the modern franconian languages . 
  the franks descended from germanic tribes that settled parts of the netherlands and western germany during the early iron age . 
  from the 4th century , they are attested as extending into what is now the southern netherlands and northern belgium . 
  in the 5th and 6th centuries , they expanded their realm and conquered roman gaul completely as well as client states such as bavaria and thuringia . 
  how is it not ? 
  lingua franca literally means frankish language . 
  in europe , it 's the other way around , 95 % of cars , or probably more , have manual . 
  it makes the necessary skill for driving considerably higher , which i think we europeans do n't mind , because driving is not a universal thing as in the us . 
  kids usually do n't drive untill their 20s , and generally do n't own cars until they moved out . 
  i think it is considerably harder , person that 's always driven automatic will have be adjusting for a long time . 
  and no , i did n't make that argument at all . 
  i 'm saying europeans do n't mind manual , because they accept driving should be difficult , because it can be extremely dangerous and can cost lives . 
  especially since you consider europeans drive faster , and in more cramped conditions too . 
  i drive too , and it 's not harder when you 've been using it for years . 
  for newcomers , it is . 
  you americans and your never ending love for 9th of november . 
  my understanding is that only the administration has changed , i.e. 
  patients are not conscious and do n't feel pain . 
  but the actual effects are n't very predictable and are as possibly harming as they were back then . 
  if i am mistaken , can you speak more about the subject ? 
  thank you !, 
  what if you 're not hungry ? 
  not accepting an offer does not appear as a start of hostilities even if you add all the propaganda you want . 
  what i 'm saying is that i do n't think this is spinnable at all . 
  you need some other element to make it justifiable with heavy dose of propaganda . 
  they have an international code too , but it 's like 2 times longer . 
  you should n't be using it for wiping anyhow . 
  because putin is in power thanks to those people , they deserve what they chose . 
  why not ? 
  there are evils in this world you can do to deserve much harsher things . 
  and in my opinion voting for a blood thirsty warmongerer is deserving of its logical conclusions . 
  i 'll be downvoted because nobody follows reddiquette , but that 's not an excuse . 
  if you get your rights to elect your leaders taken away from you , you deserve the results as well . 
  democracy is not given , it has to be fought for . 
  i 've seen it happen to ai after he was put down a bit . 
  probably giving into rebels i think . 
  and if the government does what he is suggesting , tax gas like in europe , you wo n't be driving it anywhere as often . 
  go ahead , google gas prices in europe . 
  that is exactly the thing arguing here . 
  if the us taxed oil at a normal rate in the world , there would n't be such problems . 
  but it 's starting to reverse as stated above , which i think is good , about time . 
  i do n't think you can say there is n't room for growth within cities . 
  with slowly adding public transportation the city can swallow areas nearby . 
  european cities are less compact then the us ones and it works fine . 
  but yeah , the problem is a catch-22 with the unavailability of public transportation outside of ny/chicago . 
  i call impossible . 
  in case your a wizard though , please take lots of pictures !, 
  yeah , just what i thought . 
  that 's too much enemies at the same time . 
  i say let europe be for a while , you ca n't take gb or france , just try to beat up novgorod and russia . 
  i do n't get why you 're interested in scotland at all at this point . 
  it will be a long time since the england will be able to secure the whole island , so you have time . 
  sending troops there takes a lot of time and will distract you from early dominance on the continent . 
  plus england is weak , you can take it whenever you please , even late game . 
  well , leave england for the late game when you can take austria , and poland is a breeze . 
  if you swallow russia and northern mainland coast , you 're all set . 
  england itself is utterly impotent . 
  their only strength is north american colonization . 
  but if you 're going for european hegemony , you do n't care about that , that would just slow you down and overextend you over too much territory . 
  well , you can read about reducing revolt risk , usually it comes down to beating them down though . 
  advisor helps , keeping stab at +1 does too , and stationing up to 20 regiments on a province lowers its revolt risk . 
  the main thing though is having everywhere a land connection . 
  if you take an island such as a part of great britain , you have to keep a separate army for rebels there , and it just gets impossible . 
  do n't do it . 
  also do as much vassal feeding as you possibly can . 
  diplo points are the cheapest of the three . 
  about coalitions : important is having big allies , because you do n't get almost any ae with your allies . 
  and another thing is cultures . 
  if you break some eastern culture like russia , western culture states do n't get as much ae , if you beat up hordes and such , it 's even less . 
  so that helps too . 
  yeah , why is that ? 
  the ai does it to humans too . 
  do you have european holdings ? 
  otherwise why do you need an ally on the old continent ?
