  yeah , however referenced today by the `` let 's have don hertzfeldt do an ama '' post , so i got here , and i thought this needed a second opinion . 
  or with gregor samsa, 
  very light , like it . 
  thank you for reminding me that i have n't read the trial yet !, 
  problem is , it 's never been rigorously tested . 
  now the test is in progress . 
  i , for one , think he 'll get at least very close . 
  it says that the video was removed by the user . 
  in the eu it 's the same , humans are considered physical persons , and firms and corporations legal persons . 
  is it possible to download it all ? 
  me too , worst part is , i 'm in norway : - /, 
  no pandora : - /, 
  wow , that 's magic . 
  i like touching up afterwards ... 
  yup , works without a hitch from central europe . 
  jobs are always a time-delayed indicator . 
  anyhow , have you noticed that they started hiring again ? 
  than again , gdp is really not perfect . 
  the us has one of the highest gdp 's in the world , and you can pick an eu country almost at random and you 'll be living at a higher standard of living . 
  i think the real question is - is it possible ? 
  i 'm actually from czech republic , eu , and i have stayed and have friends in a few of other eu states . 
  i travelled most of the eu and i 've spent some time in the us , although not very long . 
  it depends on how you see it . 
  for one , there is n't a country that does n't have universal heath care , for another every little place in the eu has public transport , the social states we hold here may not be extremely efficient , but you do n't be scared shitless about being out of a job . 
  it is a little hyperbole , yes the newly acquired states are a little worse , however if we were to compare the average living standard between the eu and the us , the eu is going to win . 
  thank you very much :-), 
  might be so , true . 
  i was also a little exaggerating . 
  i meant western europe , i said eu because i do n't think a lot of the us guys realize the eastern block countries are now in the eu also . 
  why does he have the glass dome there ? 
  is it useful for something ? 
  creepers will still spawn inside it in the night if it 's not lit properly , wo n't they ? 
  thanks , exactly what i was looking for !, 
  i 'm running cm instead of sense because it just has better capabilities , it 's awesome . 
  to the missing apps : dialer and contacts - youlu address book , calendar - jorte , mail - google gmail , alarm - alarmdroid . 
  all free , all better or at least the same as sense . 
  i can name plenty :, 
  * on the top bar in the notifications sliding drawer you usually have a big bar that displays your operator ( t-mobile ) , i have there controls of wifi , 3g , brightness , tilt and gps ( customizable ), 
  * when you have a notification , you can dismiss it by sliding it sideways , you do n't have to click it, 
  * gestures on the lock screen ( i 'm especially proud of the musical g-clef that opens up music player , also f switches on/off the light ), 
  * mute and app organizer icons on the lock screen, 
  * phone goggles ( drunk dialing and such ) , if you need those, 
  * the screen-off animation that looks like old tv is just gorgeous, 
  * battery icon in the status bar displays a percentage number , which is brilliant, 
  * trackball wake, 
  those are just the ones i 'm using daily . 
  i do n't think i 'd be able to work with sense again . 
  ad apps : jorte is in my opinion better than the sence calendar , i used it even on sense , google gmail is unbeatable , and alarmdroid is just my personal preference , there 's literally a hundred of alarm apps . 
  i 'd say an android number of at most 2 is fair game , which this is , so no problem !, 
  why ? 
  same here , opened it up in the bookshop , and not to take it home after reading this was just impossible for me :-), 
  looks like an indie musician way before it was cool . 
  indeed, 
  why ? 
  what 's better about 640 ? 
  although it seems interesting , reaching for shift and control from esdf is very uncomfortable for me , so after cheerfully upvoting you both , i 'm saddened . 
  i wanted to put here the opening line of we by yevgeny zamyatin , the alleged inspiration of the first two , but heck , i have it here in another language . 
  i personally think so too . 
  it 's a catch , you can open it , you 'll just not be a human a split second later . 
  true , i actually have n't read it yet , it 's the next book in line . 
  i think so too about myself , but than again , maybe i 'm kidding myself . 
  yeah , go and ruin my joke . 
  thank you . 
  there might be exception to that , but spanish abbreviations double each letter if the term it 's describing is plural , so ue is indeed the eu , but usa is ee . 
  [ estados unidos on spanish wiki ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/estados_unidos ), 
  oh , you 're that fucking guy !, 
  i think the drunken bet was a little higher up the ladder . 
   he was presented to the regiment by queen elizabeth ii in 2001, 
  have you heard of a concept named `` joke '' ? 
  it 's relatively new , check out til subreddit or wikipedia . 
  as was said about the famous paul erd\u00f6s , `` a mathematician is a machine for turning coffee into theorems . '', 
  [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( http://www-history.mcs.st-andrews.ac.uk/biographies/renyi.html ), 
  and she 's still smokin ' !, 
  where ? 
  i loved him on friends , studio 60 , the ron clark story , numb and birds of america . 
  i think he 's brilliant . 
  well , you just quoted a large portion of the article we all read ... 
  i would n't say it was that relevant . 
  that is brilliant , with two sings next to the two little confusing buttons it will be amazingly useful !, 
  thanks !, 
  sexy spins . 
  i 'm late but , this movie has the best soundtrack i 've ever heard . 
  yes , that is true . 
  from now on beaver means vagina !, 
  i 'm in europe and i can tell you , nobody would speak about you as `` the home of the brave '' , at least not with a straight face . 
  it 's been a long time since the wwii when you last deserved it . 
  the czech republic . 
  i 'm not saying we despise americans , we certainly do not , we 're pretty pro-american country . 
  however , `` the home of the brave '' ? 
  you must be kidding me :-), 
  also , we 're about 70 % atheist nation , so you can stick it up your buttocks ; i hope you have the pocket version :-), 
  yeah , in the last century , we had a habit of prompt surrender without delay , i give you that :-), 
  when almost none of the people participating in the wwii lives , i think they do n't deserve it much . 
  a little yes . 
  but it 's been almost 70 years . 
  and for germany , absolutely no . 
  that 's what happened after wwi , they made germany pay deerly , and it led to a wwii . 
  what needs to happen after such a horrific war is to shake hands and try to become friends again . 
  that 's the only solution . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microdot ) ?
