  with 100 % more barbed wire !, 
  that would be if i said with 200 % barbed wire . 
  i said with 100 % * more * . 
  now 0 % of the wall is covered , add 100 % and it 's 100 % of the wall covered in barbed wire , 
  as a random european i 'm not sure . 
  but i think a good start would be building more wind turbines next to donald trump 's golf courses , 
   i received an invite from the national library of scotland to a post-referendum debrief at 9am on 19 september . 
  anybody sober at 9am on 19 september ( unless having medical excuse ) is not part of the new scotland . 
  hehe , 
  it 's getting downvoted because of a repost :, 
  well , it depends on what you take as the base number i guess . 
  i took the wall , you took the current amount of barbed wire . 
  counter argument : in 1979 scots voted for devolution . 
  this was the headline in the newspapers back when.http : / / pbs.twimg.com/media/bw9gqtdiiaegy52.jpg, 
  scots voted yes , but failed the 40 % turnout requirement , so in effect no . 
  and there was no more devolution . 
  why do you think this time will be different in case of a no ? 
  is cameron that more trustworthy ? 
  i personally do n't see why all the research funding and innovation has to stop with separation . 
  is n't it the uk 's argument against eu that more diverse conditions lead to more innovation ? 
  i personally agree . 
  same with exports , the two countries will be so intertwined so i do n't think it would pose much problems to exporters , especially not long term . 
  for scotland , independence will bring jobs just by setting up the apparatus of government , your own military , etc. , so it 'll offset the losses at least in part . 
  and last part , world getting richer is not a problem for scotland at all . 
  the more richer countries there are the more investors exist willing to invest . 
  investments are not a absolute resource , but grow with the world economy . 
  and the same way ireland did pretty well in this area , scotland will do the same i think . 
  so in all , i can agree that life within the uk was not bad at all , it has all these merits you indicated . 
  but i do n't see reason why these merits would go away . 
  both scotland and ruk will continue to prosper in the long term and benefit from each other . 
  as a foreigner , what is `` pulling a sky one '' ? 
  but weaker currency is good for exporters !, 
  say you 're making a widget in uk and selling it in europe for $ 100 . 
  today the exchange rate is # 1 = $ 1.25 , which means you get ~ # 80 . 
  if the exchange rate weakens , you get less euros for a pound , let 's say you get only # 1 = $ 1.1 . 
  then the exporter gets # 90 !, 
  remember that this is a field poll , they started collecting data on 27th of august , which means it 's 1-2 week old data . 
  the big shift over 50 % came only in recent days . 
  labour government ? 
  bloody cunts . 
  but they wo n't because they prefer you are scared of what will happen . 
  the first slash is ugly though and almost nobody uses it when talking about subreddits while not linking to them . 
  not bad ... apart from gordon brown . 
  this yes video is way better though : [ our time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yz5melbcnxi ) . 
  gives me the chills !, 
  yeah , gb 's been completely impotent in all my games . 
  which is this most advanced , `` civilized '' country in the world ? 
  double commander is the last piece of the software puzzle that got me to go linux full time . 
  praise that russian-written delphi app , 
  this are transactions between banks and the central bank , which are quite complicated and a bit divorced from bank-people transactions . 
  what this will prompt is cheaper loans to people , i.e. 
  lower interest rate on mortgages . 
  but as a secondary effect , the interest rate paid on savings could go as far down as 0 , because thanks to the negative interbank interest rate , banks will have tons of money and wo n't need your savings . 
  but it would n't ever go lower , because banks really do n't * mind * if you store their cash with them . 
  it 's been a super interesting case for close to two decades . 
  it 's the economic enigma i 'd say . 
  also known as macroeconomics . 
  how many percent were registered before the referendum was planned . 
  i 'm interested in that figure too . 
  no matter how many people you can never ever be 100 % sure that all numbers will be taken . 
  mmm , i 'm working on a similar app . 
  so , pm me your credit card number and the pin and i 'll tell you how suitable it is !, 
  nicely summarized !, 
  it is a little obfuscated because they did n't mention price/kg , but i think the rocket they talked about is larger then f9 , so it might be competitive , depending on its mass to leo . 
  overall , i found it was just a pr article with serious lack of concrete information . 
  unfortunately i was not able to find french subtitles for it when i did a thorough search 6 months ago , so i believe there are none . 
  there are unfortunately very few french subtitles for french-language tv and films . 
  my only hope is that when netflix enters the french market as it has announced a few months ago , it will bring its policy of providing same-language subtitles it has on the american netflix . 
  let 's hope . 
  he said informal ... 
  best pronounced with a scottish accent !, 
  no there was , they had a bug that allowed to brute force the passwords . 
  you could try say 1000 different passwords each second . 
  so they just went through them all . 
  every sane internet company makes a limit on number of inquires . 
  so you can try maybe 1 password each 5 seconds . 
  many even limit number of consecutive wrong guesses that slows you down so much it 's not a realistic approach . 
  yep , they just forgot to do it in this one login form or where was it , and bam . 
  sure , but the question was if there was an exploit . 
  there was . 
  no , the biggest flaw was that they allowed brute forcing . 
  even dictionary attack does n't help you if you do n't allow it . 
  is it really confirmed that it was n't ? 
  i might be out of the loop then . 
  any sources you can point me to ? 
  i ca n't take his word for it , though . 
  that 's like a thief defending himself by swearing he did n't do it . 
  really ? 
  then why has apple lied before ? 
  like in the case of tracking locations ? 
  well , what 's the cat 's name ? 
  but for the wrong side . 
  i really enjoyed der untergang . 
  and if you want , there are [ tons of clips ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24yuuhyljei ) from the movie on youtube with subtitles !, 
  they 'll add windows live integration which just plain not work on linux and thus we 're fucked . 
  not when they add windows live integration . 
  well then they 'll add something slightly different , what 's the difference ? 
  it wo n't run on linux , you can bet your ass on it . 
  no , they would only have to bind it to some windows-only libraries , like windows live/xbox/whatever integration would exactly cause . 
  :d when have i been `` holier-then-thou '' ?
