  shut up * !, 
  considering trains are themselves linked , i think this australian hell truck deserves the name way more than unlinked convoy of cars . 
  how much payload does a 1/2 ton pickup truck deliver to low earth orbit ? 
  falcon is the 2 stage rocket that powers the thing to space , dragon is the pressurized capsule that holds the cargo and potentially the astronauts . 
  that 's just ... so wonderfully useless . 
  i think the best one really is the [ total commander for android ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ghisler.android.totalcommander&amp;feature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5naglzbgvylmfuzhjvawquvg90ywxdb21tyw5kzxiixq . . ) . 
  can i hear it somewhere ? 
  watched it . 
  it 's absolutely amazing story . 
  thank you !, 
  absolutely yes . 
  in this form absolutely not . 
  with fiscal union , the eurozone can survive . 
  but even if the eurozone falls , the eu will stay , i have no doubts of that . 
  it does way too much good for it to go away . 
  again , eu ! = eurozone . 
  option 1 should not be eu collapse , but eurozone collapse . 
  your comment is irrelevant and a stupid meme . 
  if someone should feel bad , it 's you . 
  thank you !, 
  yup . 
  the term middle east is mostly defined by islamic religion in westerners ' eyes . 
  it makes sense when you realize the main difference between the old and new world . 
  without jus soli , there would be almost no americans today , 
  i do n't see a backlash . 
  i just see a company that 's making idiotic decisions ( adopting wp , not developing for android when their biggest strength always was hw not sw , ... ) that are driving them out of business . 
  i 'm actually kinda sorry for them . 
  it 's because [ the front fell off !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-qnawudhuq ) [ comedic australian video ! ], 
  he knows ... 
  cool story , bro . 
  exactly , bow tie is a great accessory , because it 's supposed to be imperfect , 
  i think you did well !, 
  however , i think bow tie does not go well with a button down shirt ... 
  whoa , that 's a bit more similarities than i 'd expect ... and i watch both shows thoroughly . 
  my gf once gave me a lecture how i should learn how to button a suit , that i forgot my lowest button . 
  she was quite insistent . 
  he just blue himself . 
  also the very reason you 're going to go see this movie . 
  i 'm reading 1984 for a second time right now . 
  you will not be disappointed . 
  believe you me . 
  how was gravity 's rainbow ? 
  nope , not nearly interesting enough . 
  i like you . 
  whoa , this site is awesome !, 
  thanks !, 
  anyone ? 
  i 'm having trouble understanding why she does n't mind the future being what it is . 
  i know mother instincts must be strong , but surely seeing your child is n't worth that awful a future . 
  i love your resourcefulness and dedication . 
  i hope you wo n't die because of them . 
  i had the greatest time watching that . 
  your wideo ftw !, 
  also , weed ftw !, 
  sorry guys , i 'll be all right in the morning :d, 
  even one level more than that !, 
  they do n't know it , but the unknowing masses are actually pronouncing it `` le '' because we have many ( les ) girlfriends , 
  very much this . 
  i learned over 500 words in about 8 days . 
  loving it very much . 
  i finally found a language i just love . 
  i tried german before ( due to me being close to germany ) and spanish , but i just did n't like them enough . 
  and i feel the worst is still coming . 
  louisiana ? 
  just asking ... why do you think finland deserves it more ? 
  it just seemed a bit odd , so i asked . 
  thanks for clarification . 
  but first adopt kinda hot asian daughter . 
  just a heads up , the world population is estimated to be at 7 billion on ... [ october 31 , 2011 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/day_of_7_billion ) . 
  i 'm a fairly young guy ( or at least i still consider myself that ) , and i remember cheering the world to its 6 billions . 
  i feel you . 
  i 've read that planet earth is capable of sustaining some 12 million people . 
  i believe your prediction to be spot on , but i think it 'll get to 10 or a bit more untill the population stabilizes . 
  the developed world is quite small and even with china together , most of the world is still on the other side of the equation . 
  russians go on holidays too !, 
  money well spent !, 
  i believe augustus was richer than crassus . 
  why are you all thinking of what the cop should get or not get ? 
  i think the more important part is what the douchebag that 's willing to run over a cop should pay to learn his lesson . 
  because he is a douchebag , because he did not have to learn many lessons due to being shielded by his daddy 's wealth . 
  i think taking a few mil from him would make him notice that running over cops is a bad thing . 
  in legal terms , it 's called [ punitive damages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/punitive_damages ) , and this guy deserves to hand over those 10 mils quite obviously . 
  i would never even think that a human being would contemplate running over a person that sticks their neck out for us every day . 
  i 'll second memrise.com , it 's brilliant and very fun . 
  i tried rosetta , and i recommend you stay away from it . 
  i tried all 3 you mentined , and sure enough , rosetta and pimsleur do n't even compare . 
  so , if audio is the way for you , i think michel thomas will do you good . 
  however , it 's just an audiocourse , i recommend also buying some textbook for thorough understanding of the language . 
  also , try [memrise.com ] ( http://www.memrise.com ) , you wo n't regret it . 
  i 'm not really sure if there are any . 
  the french have chanson . 
  have you heard [ zaz ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svnkh9vjgsk ) ? 
  same here !, 
  does anyone know where can i read about the `` rise and fall of nations through the perspective of logistical advantages '' ? 
  i did , thanks . 
  i see only two possibilities . 
  first they could have preserved his blood , hair , or maybe exhumed his grave for his bones , if they contain dna that is . 
  second , statistics , they know the genetic tree , they can estimate how messed up his genome was with high probability . 
  i have to say , that hair really is absolutely wonderful .
