  what part do you have problem with exactly ? 
  i mean sure there were some neutral countries , i hope you do n't take reddit comments as gospel. , i was obviously simplifying , you ca n't describe the whole ww2 in a short 4 line paragraph . 
  i guess you 'll change your view when you go through a high school history class  otherwise please point out what exactly you see as `` bollocks '' . 
  to the downvoters : i 'd appreciate if you pointed out what exactly you disagree with , thanks . 
  of course , i pointed that out in the second paragraph - i hope you read it . 
  but we both know that he only turned to russia after he conquered and secured the western front . 
  when there was no more action on the western front ( i.e. 
  operation sea lion was indefinitely postponed in 1940 ) , he turned east ( operation barbarossa started 1941 ) . 
  what is inaccurate then ? 
  i 'm honestly asking , if there 's some misunderstanding on ww2 on my part , i 'd really like to know . 
  wow , i 've never in my life heard that claim . 
  can you substantiate it with any sources ? 
  i ca n't find any . 
  to my knowledge the french-german animosity was one of the important reasons for ww2 , germany felt humiliated by the allies at the treaty of versailles , especially painful of which was the loss of the industrial region of alsace-lorraine * to france * . 
  in light of that i do n't think what you 're saying is correct . 
  so you 're saying they already use this principle ? 
  so if they divided the battery into twice as many modules ( that would be half as big ) , it would charge twice as fast ( given the necessary power input from the supercharger ) ? 
  wow , that quote indeed checks out , never heard of it , thanks !, 
  i believe his attempted friendship with the uk was genuine , though i think with france it was n't . 
  to your arguments , i believe * heim ins reich * ** does ** mention territorial annexation of parts of france :, 
   the aim of his initiative was to convince all of the ethnically german people who were living outside of the third reich ( e.g. 
  in austria and the western districts of poland ) that they should strive to bring these regions `` home '' into greater germany . 
  ** it included areas ceded after the treaty of versailles [ = alsace-lorraine from france ] ** , as well as other areas containing significant german populations such as the sudetenland . 
  as to * generalplan ost * not mentioning conflict/annexation of uk/france , well , the name is `` ost '' meaning east - this plan was for the invasion and annexation of countries east of germany . 
  the conflict and annexation of benelux , france and the uk was detailed in operation gelb , operation rot and operation sea lion respectively . 
  and i found this :, 
   hitler had always fostered dreams about major military campaigns to defeat the western european nations as a preliminary step to the conquest of territory in eastern europe , thus avoiding a two-front war . 
  however , these intentions were absent from f\u00fchrer-directive n \u00b0 6 . 
  [ 13 ] this plan was firmly based on the seemingly more realistic assumption that germany 's military strength would still have to be built up for several more years and that for the moment only limited objectives could be envisaged . 
  they were aimed at improving germany 's ability to survive a long , protracted war in the west . 
  [ 14 ] hitler ordered a conquest of the low countries to be executed at the shortest possible notice . 
  this would stop france from occupying them first , and prevent allied air power from threatening the vital german ruhr area . 
  [ 15 ] it would also provide the basis for a long-term air and sea campaign against britain . 
  ** there was no mention in the f\u00fchrer-directive of any immediate consecutive attack to conquer the whole of france , although as much as possible of the border areas in northern france should be occupied ** . 
  that includes the previously mentioned alsace-lorraine that hitler wanted back , supporting his animosity towards the french . 
  overall though , thanks for the information , i never knew he really wanted uk as an ally . 
  i know found out edward viii was even in support of that effort . 
  very interesting !, 
  obviously . 
  aha , got it !, 
  the limitation is in those individual cells , thanks !, 
  could you explain it more simply ? 
  as you can see , i know little about how batteries really work and charge . 
  no , i 'm concerned with the speed of superchargers . 
  they really are measurably slower than filling up a gas tank despite what some zealots might claim . 
  and that 's a real hindrance of the eventual sale of teslas , even if possibly not a big one . 
  thanks !, 
  wow , downvoted for saying thanks , that 's a first , 
  no , `` too x for comfort '' is a phrase meaning it 's not ideal . 
  not ideal when traveling farther than your range obviously . 
  or is long-distance travel not relevant ? 
  absolutely , but the real competition of tesla cars are ice cars . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  so , can you make , say a 240kw supercharger by combining 24 of these tesla chargers ? 
  what are the limitations here ? 
  since tesla cars have to compete with ice vehicles , it would be ideal if supercharging would be as fast as filling a gas tank when taking long trips . 
  of course . 
  but the capability of taking long trips without much problems is a big selling point , at least for me . 
  sure , i agree with the overall benefits and i 'm a big proponent of evs . 
  but time * is * money , and freedom of the road is worth a lot to people . 
  so making superchargers better is worthwhile . 
  question : could you then make the individual battery cells bigger so they can be charged faster ? 
  that 's the one problem with teslas in europe . 
  highways around here - the czech republic and most other countries - have usually 130 km/h speed limit , that 's about 80 mph , and if you drive any slower , you 're a real risk since usually everyone is speeding . 
  my preferred speed is 150 km/h ( 95 mph ) , or even higher when in germany ( mostly no speed limits ) . 
  but of course higher speed drains the battery disproportionately faster , if i understand it correctly . 
  so doing 80-90 mph will get you probably about 2-3 hours instead of 4-5 ( i 'm really guestimating here - anybody has exact numbers ? 
  ) , and at that point , that 's a big issue . 
  wow , tried to find the numbers , found some here : http://my.teslamotors.com/it_it/forum/forums/driving-range-full-speed, 
  estimates are 1 hour of driving , or 75-100 miles when doing the speed limit ( 130km/h ) . 
  that 's * completely unusable * . 
  my dreams of owning an ev in the next 5 years have just been shattered : - /, 
  ad battery swap , i do n't think tesla will roll it out widely really , it 's too complicated and expensive . 
  here in europe average speed on highways is about 130km/h ( 80 mph ) , which equates to a range of about 75-100mph ( 1 hour of driving ) by [ tesla owners on a forum i found ] ( http://my.teslamotors.com/it_it/forum/forums/driving-range-full-speed ) . 
  stopping every hour for a half hour break or more is just not usable . 
  here in the czech republic i 'm usually driving at 150 km/h ( about 95mph ) , everyone speeds on the highways . 
  that would be a range of less than 70-80 miles . 
  that 's just not usable for me at the moment sadly : - /, 
  depends on your priorities , for many people the price of gas is something they do n't care about , they care about time more . 
  i usually drive about 200-250 km/h every other weekend , doing 150km/h about 90 % of the time . 
  my daily commute is in a city , so it 's ok , but this bi-weekly trip would be a hindrance with a tesla : - /, 
  here 's hoping the gigafactory pushes it down sufficiently . 
  sadly when driving in europe ( normal speeds on highways are about 130kmh = 80mph or more ) , it 'd be 20-30 minutes every hour . 
  that 's just not acceptable . 
  tesla says it does n't , but i found testimonials from tesla users that it does . 
  so i do n't know . 
  thank you . 
  i was really a bit baffled by all the downvotes , but at least i got an answer to my battery question from the post . 
  here : http://my.teslamotors.com/it_it/forum/forums/driving-range-full-speed, 
  my bad , thanks !, 
  bloody imperialists !, 
  oh , my bad , thanks . 
  that 's not so horrible then . 
  still a noticeable loss though . 
  yeah , me too !, 
  that was the first episode that i did n't detest her . 
  she was n't needy at all , she actually helped !, 
  and those kids really do need some adult guidance . 
  no way in hell is carl becoming a police officer . 
  well , it would n't be worth watching if there was no conflict now , would it ?
