  the one time i see a post early in it 's life . 
  too soon !, 
  why not provide a [ link ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lghjfnfolmcikomdjmoiemllfnlmmoko ) ? 
  it 'd be very polite ... 
  true , he was polite , however , i consider it a common courtesy to save all people the time if i can provide the link . 
  with way more dick jokes . 
  technology marches on ... 
  how about 137 !, 
  ( and yes , in a row ), 
  finances separate is very much what i intend . 
  of course that only works if the woman does n't take care of the kids . 
  well , but they 're paying for a shorter period too then , are n't they ? 
  plus the split does n't mean much for the people anyhow . 
  we could travel between the countries just on id card even before eu , we can study freely at each others schools and universities , we still understand each others languages without much problems . 
  and on the plus side , we do n't clash on politics and `` which state gets how much money '' any more . 
  i think he did not stick around for the very reason , and the police might not be really looking for him too . 
  kim was sitting on the ethernet cable !, 
  well , i do n't agree . 
  i too had 8am all through high school , and now left to exercise my freedom i take classes rather late then early . 
  i am happier , everything works out . 
  would almost fit into r/abandonedporn ... 
  does anyone recognize the classical music ? 
  i 'd like to listen to it some more , 
  that 's what i said ... 
  they are all blue for kim . 
  buy one-way , do n't waste money on things you are n't gon na use !, 
  i happen to have a position available on my penis ... 
  i see it was filled . 
  true , but i 'd say mostly by not having a ukrainian nuclear fuzz-grunge musician as your roommate , 
  whoa , you two guys just blew my fucking mind . 
  i was always hitchhiking to amsterdam from the czech republic because the bus is so expensive and it takes almost as long . 
  but whoa !, 
  those flights are dirt cheap !, 
  i 'm booking as soon as i find a date that works for me , thanks !, 
  [ thanks for the tip !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/amsterdam/comments/nnbz9/i_miss_you_amsterdam/c3aoolm ), 
  i feel for you , i was always fascinated by ny but never could affort the huge ticket price across the pond . 
  but then came a friend who found some last minute tickets from munich to ny and back for ... a whopping aud$ 150 !, 
  ( internet is weird ; something below us$ 200 ), 
  we went for a week and had the best time , 
  thank you !, 
  this movement is just great !, 
  beyond the visible universe !, 
  the history is written by the victors . 
  the war for global culture was won by the west . 
  do n't you mean its stem cells ? 
  there are two groups of people :, 
  1 . wynyx made a hillarious joke that did n't hurt anybody ; he probably did not downvoted, 
  2 . the few idiots that downvoted because they did not read reddiquette , they probably do n't know any better and should be pointed to the aforementioned rules, 
  well of course not !, 
  the romans sure are n't the winners right now . 
  but they were , and that 's why the history from their time comes from their experience . 
  the future may bring very unexpected turns and twists , but for these few hundred years , there was an unchecked western dominance . 
  and the history will reflect that . 
  and what i remember from reddiquette , the only reason to downvote is when a comment does not bring anything to the discussion or is completely irrelevant . 
  if you do n't agree or you think i made a bad argument express yourself solely with a comment , like you did . 
  sure . 
  now go play on your xbox again ... 
  what ? 
  that 's the loveliest photo i 've seen all week ( not featuring a girl ) !, 
  in the czech republic too . 
  the fuck ? 
  seconded . 
  like you would fuck them if they forced you to be in the same room with them . 
  you never met a sexy yet very annoying and stupid girl/woman you just wanted to bend over and fuck her brains out ? 
  it is n't supposed to be just people you hate , but people you find sexy and also hate them . 
  fuck like you 'd fuck them . 
  rough . 
  to illustrate in the form of a song : [ tim minchin 's 9-minute beat poem storm ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0w7jbc_vhw ), 
  are you really a man ? 
  everything that has a vagina is a turn-on for most men i know :d, 
  i think you 're confusing love and sexual lust . 
  those are not the same . 
  that 's why i asked if you are a man , women tend to bind them together , men tend not to . 
  however , we 're not all the same , so i think we found the root of our discourse . 
  interesting , i knew one such couple here in czech republic , she wanted a three-way , he did n't  i guess you complement each other , so it works . 
  read again : `` tend to '', 
  well , it sure is euro-centric , but there 's no way around it . 
  when you 're showing history like this , you 're really showing only important milestones along the way , and those milestones tend to be made by the dominant population at that time . 
  and the west has been dominant for the past 500 hundred or so years , which in ever quickening pace of history is probably the most important part of the human events . 
  a little bit of a douche , yeah . 
  i still love his new rules though , 
  i guess the reference is to the movie [ lord of war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord_of_war ) , which is about poor people fighting and nic cage giving them guns . 
  very good movie . 
  i would love a 30 hour week so much !, 
  i have a 15 hour work week , but i do just part time with school , 
  i 'm not from the us , is $ 20k/yr liveable ? 
  brilliant !, 
  i knew he was a perv all along !, 
  exquisite . 
  anyone has a higher res ? 
  yup i do that too . 
  i encounter a name , and i do n't even think about how it would sound , i just take it as a text . 
  got ta love a good nerd slap . 
  i think you are overly sensitive to racism that you see it in places it is n't . 
  and it 's happening to so many cities all around . 
  manhattan will be only for the 1 % soon , if it is n't already . 
  i would first recommend reading the [ wiki page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_mathematician%27s_apology ) about it . 
  very interesting article . 
  i think the real reason is the selection .
