  i think you just need to vote democrats - real democrats - and in strong numbers that they do n't have to make half assed measures like obama due to obstructions from the gop . 
  / european, 
  true . 
  however , i do feel that republicans are way more influenced than democrats , and if the democrats had both houses , actually beneficial laws might start to come out of there . 
  however , the bullshit like fox news keeps that from happening unfortunately . 
  he 'd look a thousand times better if he did n't dress like a boy scout . 
  i think trousers . 
  hell no , i did not know about it , and i 'm pretty advanced user . 
  not every information propagates everywhere . 
  you just inspired my to read him , thank you . 
  you are very much overgeneralizing . 
  my country , czech republic , for example has very low public debt . 
  and even the numbers for the whole union are pretty much comparable to the us ( europe has bigger debt then the us by about 15 % when compared to gdp , which is not much - something like us 100 % , eu 115 % ), 
  you 're talking about the middle class , and yes , it can work , and not just the usa , germany or china , it has worked all over europe , in japan , canada , south korea , you name it . 
  strong middle class is basically the best state for a society to have , both socially and economically . 
  saying things like `` span and the uk do n't actually make things '' is either the greatest understatement on your part , or total lack of understanding of economics and foreign trade . 
  if they did not make things , they would be as poor as africa . 
  they do make a comparatively as much as the us per capita ( about 75 % of us per capita production ) . 
  by that logic , no foreigner should be allowed to buy even a house in luxembourg . 
  or 1 square foot in liechtenstein , 
  hell no . 
  europe wants its middle class . 
  it 's obvious that strong middle class equals happy nation . 
  look at the us vs. eu . 
  most europeans would not want to live in the us , it 's too dangerous , too uncomfortable . 
  the us economy sure is more efficient ( hence the greater gdp per capita ) , but it comes with a price of social instability . 
  we do want our welfare state . 
  i personally think europe is the best place to live in this day and age . 
  considering the deficits , that 's simply not a solution to discontinue welfare state . 
  for the reasons above , and too for the reason that it would simply not work . 
  the us has very lousy welfare state , and yet it has almost as much deficit as the eu . 
  this is a political problem - politicians like to spend , but hate to cut . 
  that needs to be solved differently . 
  look at ows , those people are deeply unhappy with the falling middle class . 
  they basically want european style equality . 
  i hope they get it , it 's a wonderful state of being . 
  the reason is , middle class is the power maker . 
  they are many , and they are reasonably rich . 
  they are listened to . 
  the top 1 % has great powers , but it has to compete for power with the middle class . 
  however , when there 's no middle class , all power is with the 1 % . 
  nobody listens to working class . 
  well , it 's been holding pretty steady for more than a hundred years now . 
  and i personally do n't think it will have many problems . 
  there is only so much you can automate and outsource . 
  the only problem on the horizon i see is the singularity - when people build an ai smarter than we are . 
  that 's either the start of the decline and fall of humanity , or the start of an utopia . 
  no , we are laughing about that even those least fortunate on this whole planet can find simple pleasures in the atrocities of their life . 
  he was abducted into a child army . 
  yet he is happy that it was at least the winning side . 
  many westerners are not happy and they live a blessed life . 
  the winning side has a strong tendency to lose fewer of its soldiers . 
  i think people around here did n't read the rediqueette and do n't know what a downvote means . 
  it absolutely is tasteless . 
  much like ricky gervais at the globes . 
  tasteless is probably the most successful form of comedy . 
  we 're laughing at the juxtaposition of people in first world not being happy and people in third world capable of being happy . 
  good to know . 
  also note , it is funny to some others . 
  that guy is anderson cooper !, 
  this meme relies on the juxtaposition of unhappy [ / r/firstworldproblems ] ( / r/firstworldproblems ) people and ability to find happiness in simple things of the third world people . 
  that too , 
  well , i did not respond to him because i did not feel his argument was relative to my point . 
  whatever atrocities are done to them , however perverted a child army is , whatever armada we 're talking about , the winning side tends to have fewer casualties . 
  even amongst all that desperation , there is this one thing that makes it not worse than it could have been . 
  so i did not reply with an argument , since i felt he did not reply with an argument either . 
  however , i felt he was one of those who downvoted me , and since i feel downvoting that comment goes against good reddiquette , i pointed it out . 
  notice , however , that i did not downvote him . 
  even though i do n't think his argument was relevant to my point , therefore had no place in being a reply to it , it was relevant to the broad discussion . 
  why did they ? 
  well , people in neutral countries ( switzerland , sweeden , spain , portugal , ireland ) could , also people in occupied territories from before the start of war could ( czech republic ) , also hitler-sympathetic states did n't get much warring ( slovakia , hungary , ... ) . 
  however those latter did get nazi persecution - jews , roma and persons of interests were pretty much in trouble . 
  as for the rest , i 'm not sure , it was probably illegal escaping conscription , and unbrotherly escaping work . 
  no , not at all whatsoever . 
  what 's a neutral state occupied by germany ? 
  neutral states were those not occupied by germany nor allied with the allies . 
  kinda itchy , yes , i hate wrong terminology . 
  it adds very much confusion to discussions , which i am quite fond of . 
  hence i try to establish basic terms . 
  nothing personal . 
  as a czech , i find it odd when watching it . 
  however , when you 've cleared your day just for the event , and you 're already there waiting for the opening and you see a big building there ... who would have thought it was not actually a building , really ? 
  and in retrospect , it adds to the absurdity and comicality of the situation , 
  edit : why would you people downvote the original comment ? 
  i think it 's actually a good question . 
  and what 's most important , it 's not irrelevant to the discussion , have you read rediquette ? 
  well , to be fair , it was not just ireland . 
  all countries were refusing jews before and perhaps even after the war . 
  the nationalist thinking was high everywhere , and the news of german atrocities on jews was unveiled and fully understood slowly . 
  well , the whole of institutionalized church is not a very ethical entity . 
  even more evident now with the touching-boys thing . 
  and most of europe too . 
  yay to that . 
  while you are viewing the world little too narrowly , i do agree with some of it . 
  most definitively i think the next steve jobs wo n't be a woman , i think men are more screwed up and need to show off how genius they are , which drives them to greatness . 
  women are much more stable , which means not insane . 
  which steve jobs sure was . 
  however , i will not upvote you , since very much of your opinion is perhaps true for large portion of women , saying it applies to all of them is mysogynistic . 
  say it applies to a lot of women and we 'll be alright . 
  i like it .
