  only when you slow the population boom , citizens can enjoy the benefits of the growing economic power . 
  that 's what 's happening in china . 
  i think you 'd greatly benefit from some book on economic history . 
  since the 1989 , china has slowed boom and expanded growth in a wonderful rate and brought millions of people out of poverty . 
  they 're on the best way to became wealthy and happy people from all the emerging markets on this whole planet . 
  unions would only slow that down a little bit . 
  if you study economic theory , you 'll understand , that unions do mostly 1 thing : they make the unionised labourers a little richer , however , the wealth is not created by unionisation , so nonunionised labourers suffer to the extent that unionised ones gained . 
  trip-off !, 
  would be so cool if on opposing sides ... 
  i corrected it for you . 
  you 're saying hillary was the better candidate ? 
  maybe someone could code settings that automatically adds ? context = 999 to every bestof post . 
  whoa , i see it too !, 
  maybe he has a mortal enemy who downvotes everything he writes , so reddit learned to compensate for that , but this comment was so good , his mortal enemy made peace with him in his heart and retracted his automatic downvote , thus creating this bizare situation !, 
  i really should go study ... 
  why do you want menu button back ? 
  it 's going to be on the screen , so it is more noticeable and there can be multiple menus . 
  go on ... 
  we do n't eat many burgers in most european countries . 
  the only burgers you 'll find will be fastfood , mostly mcdonalds . 
  i 've travelled most of europe , but a burger as a proper main course on a regular plate i ate only in the us . 
  even though i understand your point , your behaviour in your responses is where you undercut yourself . 
  calm down . 
  alright , here 's a list of european countries i travelled : austria , belgium , croatia , czech republic ( my homeland ) , denmark , estonia , finland , france , germany , hungary , italy , latvia , liechtenstein , lithuania , luxembourg , netherlands , poland , slovakia , spain , sweden , switzerland , united kingdom . 
  total 22 . 
  i really love travelling , i embrace local culture , i eat local food , drink local beer , smoke local weed . 
   and believe you me , my statement has merit . 
  i never owned a tablet , but , i 'm curious , what is so better about the ipad ? 
  thank you , never owned a tablet for the same reasons you list . 
  however , i certainly think that when ics is fully utilized by apps , android is going to catch up to ios on tablets . 
  the show is dying without him ... 
  may those 3 beautiful seasons , and the good 4 following them rest in peace . 
  yes , but it lost something when jim and pam got together . 
  i loved the original uk version for ending right at that moment . 
  to be fair , i kinda hated and kinda loved him for the whole time , he 's a stupid funny idiot . 
  oh yes , the golden days . 
  i cherish those seasons . 
  they send those for tv shows now too ? 
  i only ever got them for movies here in eu . 
  so brave, 
  the mentor always influences us even after he 's left . 
  does n't mean chase would n't handle it without house , it just means he would always try to figure out what would house do , and consider it in his decision . 
  every mentor was once a student . 
  the student becomes the teacher . 
  which would have happened had they succeeded in putting the nukes to cuba . 
  so kennedy 's actions benefited the us by halting the missile parity for a decade or so . 
  one might see the act of putting missiles into the range of your rival as the beginning of the nuclear arms race . 
  kennedy just won the first round . 
  your point is that he pissed off the soviets , i get that . 
  but by putting the nukes into turkey he had russia in his range . 
  before that russia had the western europe in it 's range . 
  this needed to be compensated for , so the americans could retaliate for a possible attack on it 's allies . 
  and thus the nuclear deadlock was born . 
  good point if the history checks out . 
  i do n't have time right now to read into it . 
  i believe he cancelled sugarsync . 
  i actually did so too after being their customer for a long time . 
  above what tk6215 mentioned , i have to say dropbox has 2x to 3x faster upload speed , and download speeds are even faster than ( i have a 100/100 connection ) . 
  czech republic , eu . 
  100/100 is actually pretty cheap here , about $ 30 . 
  i have downloading fever , so i enjoy it quite a bit , 
  not clever , but funny . 
  first time seeing this gif for me , and i bet many others . 
  and that 's a bad thing ? 
  do you hold it against me ? 
  if he cries cure for cancer , harvest the tears god damned !, 
  is this a serious response ? 
  because i do n't understand why you would ... we all spend our time as we choose . 
  i only take offence that there is a caste of permanent inhabitants , that takes everything that was already seen as unfunny and not worthy of screen space , when there are others who have not seen it yet . 
  thus the voting system works to accommodate both groups . 
  but the permanent group is pissed they 're outnumbered and bitches about it . 
  it 's pathetic , 
  i always wondered , what do you think is the optimal time to post on reddit for maximum karma ? 
  well , i for one browse reddit in work only moderately , it 's home where i reddit full time . 
  so i 'm not sure . . 
  but , i 'm in europe , so if i post it 11am for americans , it 'll be 5pm * here , so i guess it would work out well , 
  edit : 17pm is time overflow , sorry , 
  i 've always found the us measurements weird , i mean , fahrenheit , inches , feet , yards , pounds , ounces , the date notation of month/day/year and also the time am/pm . 
  got ta love the rest of the world , 
  well , centimetre is just a great unit , you have 100 centimetres to a metre , humans love hundreds  plus , we also use millimetres for finer measurements . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  obama will marry queen liz !, 
  think of the children !, 
  i do n't talk much , but why not , ask away . 
  [ proof of identity ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/berliner-pfannkuchen.jpg ), 
  those are east berliners . 
  they have it tough over there ... 
  i do n't consider an uninitiated kiss cheating . 
  and that 's all that happened as i recall . 
  make now !, 
  one for me too , 
  compact ? 
  yo mama 's ass is compact compared to that . 
  and yo mama is fucking fat !, 
  [ limits ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limit_ ( mathematics \\ ) ) , you ca n't explain that !, 
  could i ask what is the separation between the two colours of water and why is it there ? 
  i use it in many ways :, 
  to access the internet - emailing , reading , redditing , tweeting , wikipedia , and most importantly checking out things on the go , like in what room is the class i 'm heading to - i 'd be lost without it , where is a restaurant around , etc. 
  as my personal organizer - calendar , reminders , alarm , notes , dictionary, 
  maps + gps + public transport - i never have to get directions ( i 'm bad at remembering directions ) , i just get the address and just go there , precisely without any worries .
