  a 10 year bet would be great . 
  though since we do n't know each other , and in 10 years it will be even worse , the only possibility i see is to bet some amount of bitcoins through a betting site . 
  i 'm willing if you are . 
  that 's subjective . 
  that 's why i stated it as my belief not as a fact . 
  that 's hubris on your part . 
  energy needed to keep a vehicle going is not linearly scaled with its weight . 
  here it is already [ explained ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/2da221/how_does_the_math_work_out_for_semitrucks_using/cjobu5n?context=2 ) . 
  look at the original comment too , the person very nicely calculates that yes , long-distance cargo transport in ev trucks is possible even today . 
  you missed the point of my post entirely . 
  i 'm saying monarchies and dictatorships are only great with a `` great , highly competent ruler '' . 
  they 're obviously horrible with an idiot ruler . 
  and the point i 'm making is that even though frank may reign as a tyrant , he is a very competent one . 
  and he * can * be replaced , he can only stand for 1 election and after that he * has * to step down . 
  and yes , he is ruthless , but he wants to leave a legacy . 
  a legacy of a president has to be something that is beneficial to the people . 
  his legacy seems to be reworking the entitlement system in the us , which desperately needs to be reworked . 
  so when comparing fu and dunbar , i believe frank would be overall way better for the us right now . 
  dunbar would be toothless president a la jimmy carter . 
  but i 'm not saying at all frank is the ideal choice , far from it . 
  i 'm saying he is the better choice . 
  and by the way , fdr did many of the same actions as frank . 
  he pushed the constitution to the limits and the supreme court later cancelled many of his actions for it . 
  but we see him as a great president , because that 's exactly what america needed at that time . 
  america now needs frank more than it needs dunbar . 
  i believe your opinion is more ignorant of history than mine , but i think such comments only lower the discussion . 
  if by good president you mean he did n't change much and did n't push any important laws that needed to be passed , then yeah . 
  but for me , a good president is someone like fdr . 
  professional * and drinking * success . 
  m\u00fcn or bust !, 
  yeah , if anything this directly makes fh better . 
  since falcon heavy will be able to bring 50 tonnes to orbit , and given that fh is basically a f9 with two boosters , i 'm positive there are no problems of f9 not supporting massive payloads . 
  you 've expressed it better than i could have . 
  true enough , full name not-freedom-to-die-due-to-lack-of-money-for-the-hospital . 
  fully reusable fh will get just under 7 tonnes to gto . 
  but when you fly the center core as expendable ( say a core that 's about to be retired ) , you double that - almost 14 tonnes to gto . 
  so flying expendable would certainly have its uses . 
  not now . 
  but in the future , if the fh-core modifications are n't extensive , all f9s might be flying with fh-cores so as to be prepared to the final expendable flight on fh . 
  i believe that 7t figure is for center core landing on a barge . 
  rtls for the center core is almost prohibitively inefficient . 
  seriously , i thought your comment was funny , no idea why you got so many downvotes  to not-freedom !, 
  please change your comment into a spoiler tag or delete it . 
  you ca n't put future spilers in episode discussions . 
  would n't the time spent in 5 g or something that they will experience upon de-orbiting and landing destroy them first ? 
  the prolonged time in 1 g seems mild in comparison . 
  yet it may prove to be the better option , since they would be making basically just 1 capsule with slight modifications , instead of two different capsules . 
  it 's way cheaper and easier to do . 
  yeah , i was hoping for the dreamchaser too . 
  fucking lobbying . 
  sarah palin . 
  i agree . 
  and i personally like the unexpected turns the show is taking and that they depict characters like sammy . 
  i dislike sammy , but i like she is there , because that 's what makes shameless shameless . 
  and one woman !, 
  * fingers crossed *, 
  i prefer qbittorrent on both platforms myself . 
  tv kids do n't grow up !, 
  look at the simpsons !, 
  but they ca n't get you on possession of it if it can be used for legitimate purposes , right ? 
  a * criminal possession of a baseball bat * just seems bogus . 
  looks cool . 
  but i [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fsuqjpmrx0 ) version even more . 
  how are so many commenters in here thinking that 's a current control room ?!, 
  that 's of course a historic control room from the apollo era . 
  it 's a fucking museum today . 
  maybe yours was , but i 'm sure plenty are genuine . 
  yeah , it was a bit wrongly worded , but the gist is true . 
  russia as a sovereign state ceased to exist . 
  russia under the su was just a constituent republic , kinda like a state in the us . 
  better way to word it would be the russian and ottoman empires wo n't exist in five years . 
  not really . 
  the big difference was the power structure . 
  a tsarist regime and communistic regime are quite different . 
  i said `` just a constituent republic '' , not the `` another '' part that implies equality among them . 
  it * was * just a constituent republic since it was distinctly not a sovereign country . 
  and your reasoning is dubious . 
  was it really the constituent republic of russia controlling the other republics ? 
  or was it rather moscow , the capital of the soviet union that happened to reside in the constituent republic of russia controlling all the republics and su as a whole ? 
  and all this is you missing the point . 
  the point is , if you said to someone in 1915 that the russian * empire * wo n't exist in 5 years , it would blow their mind and it would be absolutely true . 
  russian empire was a distinctly different entity from the soviet union on countless accounts . 
  there was a devaluation , from a sovereign country to just a constituent republic . 
  the whole point of our discussion . 
  american comparison was made just in case you were unaware of the general principle of how federated states function , since you were grossly glossing over that part . 
  it is a very meaningful distinction . 
  it implies different methods of organization of government . 
  you 're wildly bending things to suit your argument . 
  and you 're just using optics of today instead of how 1915 person looked at it , which is the goal of this exercise . 
  to have one of the largest empires in the world fall in a bloody revolution during the next 2 years and be replaced by an unknown bizarre concept of a * communist regime * would be completely shocking to a 1915 person . 
  thanks , that was a fun read !, 
  lol , someone should suggest it to him at the q&a to see how he 'd react :-d, 
  first off , how can somebody kidnap an armed guard ? 
  and secondly , how does standing a bit to the side help with this problem ?? 
  so , any sources on that ? 
  it seems way more probable that it 's not to get shot as easily . 
  actually , the balls are so heavy , gravity pulls the bullets to the balls . 
  but that only makes his balls * stronger * . 
  that 's a completely different situation than the one pictured of course . 
  there that can be believed .
