   `` you 're not worth the effort of typing . '', 
  when you could n't find an argument ? 
  i just can not not find that funny , sorry :-), 
  oh you 're good !, 
  a pun of the century ... or more in base 8 :d, 
  btw : i made an edit to the above post because i thought you did n't read it yet because it still was n't downvoted . 
  not now , just soon ? 
  what would be a good time for you ? 
  i 'd leave , but you have to promise me that you 'll just give a quick thought about who 's being smug here . 
  you do n't have to admit it or anything . 
  just try to think about it for a minute . 
  maybe some day you 'll get there . 
  farewell :-), 
   `` you 're not worth the effort of typing . '', 
  - stonecypher, 
  saved for posterity :-), 
  i personally find that a combination of mentioned programs is the best . 
  buy titanium backup pro , it 's really the best app for restoring apps + data, 
  and use free version of mybackup root for data ( sms , android settings , everything ) . 
  i use it somethimes when just next to the text there 's one or even more violently blinking ads , or there 's so much title-text ads in the words of the text that it 's hard to park a mouse somewhere . 
  precisely , and his plot twists are amazing . 
  book four just could be star trek : best destiny , but maybe not , check it out :, 
  no problem , enjoyed that one too :-), 
  me neither . 
  i tried both for extended periods of time , and poweramp won me over . 
  it has all the features of winamp and more . 
  i loved the winamp sliding-drawer desing though . 
  exactly . 
  i have like 200gb of music and a lot of it is untagged , i 'm just not going to tag it now . . 
  if you 'd share :, 
  * what 's the clock/weather widget ? 
  * how come the settings widget ( wifi , gps , ... ) is behind the picture ? 
  * is it launcher pro ? 
  how do you make text-icons ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  i 'm not sure about the folder support . 
  they 're always pushing thir library ( i use winamp on windows , it 's the best ! ), 
  and now the synchronization , i do n't think they will go down that way . 
  they 're just not aware of people 's needs . 
  and if they are willing to release media player with there permissions , i 'm not sure about the whole deal . 
  good ui though , it inspired me for my own app . 
  pretty much that . 
  i 'm just a student , so i have 200mb/month fup quota , i 'm not gon na stream more than an hour on that . 
  here in czech republic i pay the equivalent of $ 34 for unlimited bandwidth with 100/100mbps . 
  i honestly do n't know what 's the deal with this . 
  i think it should be the basic functionality of android . 
  however , it 's still pretty young platform and very awesome for it 's age . 
  i believe it will come shortly . 
  tablets will drive the need . 
  i 'd first like usb host and keyboards . 
  especially cos i do n't need all apps to support that format . 
  i need just one reader app . 
  i thought so too , but this is about a 6 months + old and still nothing . 
  and why should n't they ? 
  it 's an encyclopedia , i do n't need the information about unnotable people . 
  there 's just too much of them . 
  yes , but steve and jimmy has made impact upon you and a few others . 
  seth mcfarlane made such a huge impact he 's known around the globe , i 'm loving his shows here in czech republic . 
  steve and jimmy are surely awesome , but they 're just not notable . 
  there 's billions of them . 
  yup , you do that . 
  are you actually suggesting there 's article for every good friend of everybody ? 
  that 'd be swell . 
  well , that 's just a discussion about the line between notable and unnotable . 
  i totally agree that information notable just to a smaller group of people is worth staying on wikipedia , but your friend steve is just not supposed to be there no matter how good a father he might be . 
  do you have an example of what was unduly removed ? 
  the harm is that when i search for george orwell i need the geogre orwell , not the possibly thousands of george orwells that might have existed throughout history . 
  it makes looking things up significantly harder . 
  good that you went with the ellipsis , because that list would be long . 
  and if someone had just heard something about george orwell and was trying to figure out who that was , he would have no way of knowing that usually in 99,99 % of cases george orwell means that famous author of 1984 . 
  yes , i do n't know how they do it , the show keeps besting itself . 
  i love it !, 
  yup , that was awesome !, 
  i do understand it , he 's a bad boy . 
  he is in control , he is cool and most importantly he 's fun . 
  he 'd be perfect male if not for his physical/psychological pain issues . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  i love the show now more then ever . 
  house gets a lot of space outside the traditional patient setup . 
  the episodes keep surprising me this season . 
  i love it !, 
  he did change a lot before she started dating him . 
  he went off vicodin , which is a huge accomplishment for an addict , and hints to a very resourceful person , and mainly , if you remember they got together after that season finale in the fallen garage , where he showed a huge sign of dickishness-reduction . 
  he was on a good way , and she was attracted to him for that even more . 
  i do n't remember that , but i thing she stuck with him pretty long . 
  i thought she tried to make it happen with him ( cos she does n't get many suitors ) , but it just was n't her cup of tea . 
  he was sometimes fun , but creepy nonetheless . 
  i checked , it was posted a while ago into r/funny , but did n't catch on , so i thought i 'd share . 
  forever alone, 
  i was frightened that there was a possibility of a 2nd major explosion that would render half of europe inhabitable . 
  what you should do is to go teach . 
  that 's because android users base their loyalty by comparing the best products . 
  apple fanboys do n't even look anywhere else . 
  apple is just best , period . 
  can be , yes . 
  however , i find it more tolerable than worshipping iphone . 
  in all seriousness , android reddit is maybe 10 % about iphone , and it 's always `` look iphone does n't have this , and android does , and android phones cost half as much as those iphones and they ca n't even make them in more than one colour . 
  why do n't the people think for themselves and let themselves be operated as steve 's drones ? '', 
  which i think is quite valid point i never really got . 
  how can rational people do that ?
