  i 'm not questioning the example , i 'm questioning your interpretation . 
  i do n't feel like we 've hit the nail on the head yet . 
  can you provide a source for your claim ? 
  yeah , that confirms that there indeed was the example you provided , but it says nothing about the interpretation . 
  aero torque can be anything , i 'm questioning your interpretation of it . 
  i 'm questioning what 's the specific mechanism through which the atmosphere managed to impart a spin on an almost perfectly symmetrical cylinder falling down . 
  my internal skeptic says there 's some element we have n't thought of yet . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't . 
  i 'm saying the reason it does is probably not the one either of us speculated . 
  and the real reason why it needs a roll control has been the question i 've been trying to answer from the beginning . 
  huh , you are correct . 
  i 'm dead certain i read it differently somewhere in the past though !, 
  that 's true . 
  but to create a sustained roll they need to be biased towards one or the other side for a substantial amount of time , which seems unlikely barring any new pertinent information . 
  or something else we did n't think of yet . 
  probably that . 
   do n't be fooled , legally they will be required to make it as safe as possible , that 's an unquestionable reality . 
  that 's highly questionable . 
  there are no standards for these kinds of things , and i doubt someone will actually refuse to let spacex transport people in it . 
  it may not be up to nasa standards , but that 's not the planned use for the its . 
   its hubris to think its wo n't need to be as safe as possible . 
  musk has just a different ( and let 's be honest , much better ) understanding of the possible than you here . 
   ultimately its is designed to save humanity from a undefined threat , of undefined magnitude , at a undefined time , so managing to save some individual humans from threats it may pose is a good start . 
  saving an entire intelligent species from extinction and worrying about a few transport related deaths are completely disjointed ventures . 
  get on it then !, 
  ... and the continuation of people not actually reading the article . 
   it uses induction charging to top up a hybrid car 's batteries without the hassle of actually having to plug in , at roughly the same efficiency as a wired connection . 
  it 's the first god damned paragraph , dude . 
  so it 's set in today 's world ? 
   this was also why a second shuttle always had to be ready when a shuttle launched . 
  not always , that policy was created only after the second space shuttle disaster . 
  all good sci-fi movies , really . 
   i cant imagine the fear and doubt they must have had after pearl harbor knowing that it was successful but it did n't go entirely to plan ( missing all the carriers ) . 
  that presumes they believed him , which they did not . 
   remember , remember , the fifth of november ,, 
   the gunpowder treason and plot . 
   i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason, 
   should ever be forgot . 
  precisely . 
  i can see people using a car sharing service instead of public transit , but i 'm 100 % certain i wo n't give up my car . 
  until someone makes it look so that a guy is n't embarrassed to be seen in it , no dice . 
  just look out for flying nukes . 
  i 'm hoping they find some more emails and go to town on her ass . 
  any other animate or inanimate object ( like a rock or a piece of chewed gum ) would have been a better candidate than her . 
  on a positive note , at least the first female president wo n't be this corrupt sleazy disgusting human being . 
  an inanimate object could have beaten trump . 
  vote for lightly chewed gum , 2016 !, 
  you 're seeing wrong . 
  not if elon musk has anything to say about it it does n't !, 
  i would love more of that as well , but i think it must be really hard to write about and that 's why there 's very little of it . 
  and you will be in 15 years as well , sadly . 
  have an exit plan . 
  i could have sworn this pool had a ladder to get out of it !, 
  could you please find a link ? 
  i love his interviews !, 
  :( thanks for trying tho !, 
  how does that work ?? 
  absolutely , the inlaws were right , she tried to trap a teenage boy for life , that 's disgusting and inexcusable behavior . 
  can you expand on that ? 
  i do n't remember paul being dickish much . 
  can we have a support for sshfs ? 
  it should be fairly straight forward from the technical point of view . 
  i highly recommend reading this : [ why procrastinators procrastinate ] ( http://waitbutwhy.com/2013/10/why-procrastinators-procrastinate.html ), 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xke3dirribg ), 
  i thought it was supposed to be `` buck or five '' . 
  why would it be $ 1.05 ? 
  ah , but of course !, 
  sales tax on freedom , naturally . 
  thank you !, 
  i think you should have been more clear that you mean a narrator from england , not an english-language narrator . 
  oops , i misread that . 
  i agree , not really interesting . 
  false . 
  if you had twin sisters and twin brothers that married among themselves , then you could very well test it !, 
  that 's called an investment fund . 
  look at it , dst ( the months around summer ) is actually the safer timezone . 
  the blame should be on the standard time . 
  there are many people that advocate abolishing the time switch and just keeping dst all year round . 
  i was so disappointed they did n't go for it . 
  it 's the only sane way out of this mess . 
  hyperloop is supposed to be above ground . 
   the really interesting part is that the tunnels could incorporate hardware to help self-driving cars, 
  that 's called a train tunnel . 
  the point of a self-driving car is that it can go along any and all roads . 
  it would be unbelievably more expensive . 
  tunnels make sense under high density build up like cities , not under 400 miles of open space and farm land . 
  no , it would n't . 
  building a structure is by far cheaper than boring a tunnel . 
  and here you would have to line the tunnel with something that can withstand vacuum anyway , so you 're not saving anything . 
   of course , that is taking the episode for face value and believing that their consciousnesses were transferred as opposed to `` copied '' . 
  curse u black mirror . . 
  transferred or copied , what 's the difference when the physical brain dies ? 
  can i ask what `` cookie concept '' you are referring to ? 
  it 's ungoogleable . 
  ### submission statement, 
  in a fascinating take , the reason why you are always procrastinating , eating too much and not exercising , might not be a weak will but possibly because `` yourself '' is not one single personality but a community of selves expressing themselves at different times and circumstances . 
  how can you live `` organically '' on a computer chip ? 
  the brain is dead and buried . 
  i disagree with the premise . 
  `` i '' am the software , not the hardware .
