  not when speaking afrikaans though . . 
  right on !, 
  i 'd love to go on tour of south america , but i really would n't feel safe there outside of cuba or chile . 
  plus , the language is a big barrier too . 
  i once tried to bring the lyrics of one of these songs to spanish class , but the teacher completely failed to comprehend half of it , it was fun , 
  i might be a cynic , but do you honestly believe republican congress will approve this law ? 
  i 'm willing to bet you there 's no chance in hell no matter the tradition . 
  just the headlines would be massive , they wo n't do that . 
  exactly , they are starting a push to install filters on the coal plants and overall improve air quality . 
  whether that 's just empty rhetoric or not we 'll have to see though . 
  at first yes . 
  but their ultimate plan is to have solar panels as the sole source of power , with large batteries that will be charged during day for supercharger operation during the night . 
  what does it mean `` unnecessary '' ? 
  their goal is n't to provide clean energy . 
  their goal is not to pay for electricity if they can have it for free . 
  they are partnered with solar city , elon musk is a chairman there and his relative runs it . 
  atheists !, 
  there 's no reason not to achieve both if you 've got enough fuel to do so . 
  here 's to not being stuck on irrational units from the middle ages !, 
  that 's amazing !, 
  can i ask you about the details of your usage ? 
  i 'm speculating if it 's worth it for me , so i 'd like to ask about your usual week :, 
  how many hours did you pledge ? 
  how much money for hour missed did you chose ? 
  how much money did you get on average if you filled your quota ? 
  big thanks in advance , and have a great day !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  absolutely , i 'm doing the same . 
  hop on memrise.com , it 's very beginner friendly !, 
  i recommend the new hsk course . 
  nope . 
  they do n't want to be connected to the grid at all , hence the batteries and solar panels . 
  same person . 
  [ explained in this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y14lkcjd7-4 ) . 
  the reason is n't crime , but extreme conditions . 
  the runway slopes upward at a drastic angle and it leads to a giant mountain so you ca n't abort landing and go around again . 
  when the plane is taking off , on the other end of the runway is a huge cliff with hundreds of meters of void below . 
  also , did i mention the runway is record-breakingly short ? 
  but wait , that 's not enough - add in totally unpredictable weather !, 
  and to top it all off due to hight above sea level , add in reduced power of the airplane engines !, 
  overall it 's incredible , monstrously dangerous airport . 
  i 'd love to visit it one day , 
  and forming a band too !, 
  well , it was typical bloated tv program , but i like it because of those marvellous shots of the airport . 
  always leaves me amazed . 
  but what about john green ? 
  absolutely . 
  but if they were in the us there 's no chance they 'd get anything less than 10 or 15 years . 
  they wanted to fly those drones in international waters . 
  oh god yes . 
  in 21st century , dubbing should be classified as a crime against humanity . 
  yes . 
  based on my personal estimation of the workings of the us judicial system . 
  absolutely feel free to disagree . 
  but even if you 're american as i suspect , you can see that the sentences given for nonviolent offenses in the us have been pretty harsh in the past decades . 
  i 'd say it depends more on mandatory minimums , hollywood lobby pushing for high sentences , as well as the eternal war on drugs for other types of nonviolent offenses . 
  the whole concept of mandatory minimums is the stupidest thing ever . 
  couple that with jury nullification being almost unlawful , and you get an unjust system . 
  i thought like the first half of the first season of studio 60 was * absolutely awesome * . 
  but the second half , with all that iraq plot or what was it , was sorkin trying to do a west wing with studio 60 ? 
  it was weird and absolutely did n't fit . 
  weeeeeeell , i 'm mostly against capital punishment . 
  judicial errors happen on too large a scale to implement this . 
  i 'd be willing to use it only on mass murderers ( 10 + people ) proven 100 % . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  there * are * people that need to be locked up for 20 + years . 
  it 's not drug users , or tpb people , but it * is * violent murderers . 
  but you ca n't kill them by lethal injection , since our courts are quite faulty structures . 
  in 5 years it can come to light that this person actually did * not * commit these murders . 
  in that case , you can let the prisoner go , but you can not revive a dead man . 
  myself , i 'm praising my lucky angels for having been born in the eu every day . 
  i did n't , it 's all the stuff you read over the years it piles up your brain , but it 's hard to point to individual articles you read after time passes . 
  but this took 15 seconds of googling : a mississippi man sentenced to over 15 years for selling 5 dvds and 1 cd . 
  absolutely , in my humble opinion tpb guys would get way more . 
  this shows you the general sentences that are given for copyright violations in the us , for more specific judgments you 'll have to look yourself , sorry . 
  in any case , can i ask where you are from and what you think the hypothetical judgment would be ? 
  good precedent . 
  $ 110 million is basically a life sentence . 
  however , since the lawyers can come up with several causes to sue them for , i think they would still get years in prison on top of incredibly high damages . 
  especially in such politically charged case such is tpb . 
  as i said it was complete estimation on my part . 
  why are you so angry ? 
  :-) do you need to reassure yourself usa is a sane country ? 
  because it is n't , 
  am i the only one to whom that photo looks really disgusting ? 
  my first thought was why am i looking at a photo of a vomit bucket . 
  no disrespect to op , i wish you great end result !, 
  well , whether my assessment is accurate or not can be only proven by having tpb sentenced in the us , so cool down there buddy . 
  besides at least 55 people agreed with my assessment . 
  on the antagonation , well , you ignored my polite chat and even downvoted me all the while almost yelling . 
  but i was n't really trying to antagonize you . 
  you seem to me like an american optimistic about the system , which i honestly feel is a bit delusional by this point . 
  so what is your reaction to this thought ? 
  i can not be wrong until they are indeed sentenced in the us , which your brain is somehow incapable of comprehending  you might believe the sentence would be different , and there might be things suggesting one or other sentencing , but until the sentencing is done , you can never be sure !, 
  comprende ? 
  now , to the precedent . 
  i fully agree that is a good precedent for this case . 
  however , you can sue people behind tpb for several offenses , spin it thousand different ways , thus fully or partially avoiding this precedent . 
  and you can pay off the judge , as has been several times the case in the us where after sentencing the judge turned out to be on the payroll of the hollywood lobby . 
  so while i might be a little too cynical , you are certainly too na\u00efve .
