  i feel like the show that i was so excited about just ended the moment the second melissa showed up and he lost the beard . 
  actually , if mars is what we 're collectively after , and if we can really trust musk that he truly wants to get us there , monopoly would be the best way to go . 
  i know this wo n't be a popular comment , so downvote if you must , but it 's true if you think it through . 
  monopoly is the optimal way for a single company to extract the most wealth from the market . 
  so monopoly would get spacex the most capital to get us to mars soonest . 
  monopolies generally cause problems because the companies stop * needing * to altruistic motivations . 
  but if we believe musk is for real , he will innovate because of his altruistic motivations , not because of market forces pushing him . 
  well , generally , the transition to a monopoly leads to higher prices , which leads to lower amount of service provided . 
  so if `` collapse '' means significantly reduce , than that would generally be true . 
  but since we believe musk has altruistic motivations to get us to mars , i do n't believe the market would collapse in this instance . 
  if musk dies , than spacex becomes just another rocket company , and over some time competition catches up to them . 
  and remember , monopolies are never permanent , what i 'm talking about here is a temporary monopoly . 
  and yes , it would be the best thing to get us to mars given the current circumstances . 
  i 'm using [ duckduckgo ] ( https://duckduckgo.com/ ) . 
  edit : why would anyone downvote this is * completely beyond me * . 
  what an idiot you must be to do that . 
  then a spacex monopoly would probably be a bad thing , but there 's no way to tell , monopolies are only as bad as their intentions . 
  my comment only applies if we think getting to mars is the best thing to do . 
   but only if, 
  i agree that what you said is an example of an optimal monopoly , but it 's not the only one , as you presume . 
  consider a company in a competitive market , i.e. 
  not what you describe . 
  that company if it 's truly altruistic can provide better services at better price than all of the competition if it has an advantage the other companies do n't - in this case , elon himself . 
  if this company does n't stoop to rising prices or lowering quality , which is the case with selfish monopolies , they can form a monopoly that 's truly optimal . 
  well , this type of monopoly does n't require :, 
   the cost of starting a competing business is greater than the cost of continuing to use the monopolious ( ? ), 
  your wording made me think you were describing the case of a * natural monopoly * , example of which would be a utility company in a city . 
  where it would be better to have a monopoly than to have two companies that have to build two separate plumbing systems underneath the city . 
  btw : it 's * monopolistic * i believe , 
  no , i was describing what you might call an * altruistic advantaged monopoly * . 
  a natural monopoly does n't require the company to be altruistic . 
  very well could be , true . 
  it would n't end , no . 
  it would just probably be less and less exceptional over time . 
  like a jobsless apple . 
  absolutely implement the one way streets . 
  that 's the easiest speed up there is . 
  new york uses it too . 
  but beyond that , i do n't think there 's much you can do , synchronized lights would be needed , which the game does n't do so far . 
  making avenues into highways * could * speed it up , yeah . 
  good idea . 
  op report back please how it worked . 
  if you 're a millionaire , $ 20 is like a cent to you . 
  only in the distant future when oil is not used on a grand scale any more . 
  the chances of a fusion reactor in a truck in the next 50 years are incredibly small . 
  what we * will * see is battery-powered trucks in the next 20 years . 
  well , in that case , i do n't think the size matters that much . 
  any size fusion reactor would be a revolution . 
  printing money . 
  it is the opposite of what you should do in a recession * according to some economists * . 
  notably it goes directly against the keynesian school of economics . 
  however , they have been going out of style in the past decades , and in came other schools of economic thought . 
  edit : to avoid confusion , a reformed neo-keynesian school of economics appears to be dominant in later years , and it too opposes austerity . 
  austerity in europe has probably much to do with the political situation , and also with the fact that an uncoordinated stimulus package has lower effect in the generally more open ( in terms of export/gdp ) european economies . 
  can you put your question into a full sentence ? 
  they were going out of style most importantly since the 1973 oil crisis , because keynesian economics can not explain what happened then - stagflation . 
  i do n't know . 
  but if they are , they can simply do more of it . 
  staving off deflation is n't that hard i think . 
  i formulated my post carefully so as to not overstate it , take a look at it again . 
  i myself am not convinced austerity is the right way to go . 
  to quote your link :, 
   influence of keynes 's theories waned in the 1970s , due to stagflation and critiques from milton friedman , robert lucas , jr. , friedrich hayek and other economists who were less optimistic about the ability of interventionist government policy to positively regulate the economy . 
  from the early 1980s to 2008 , the normative consensus among economists was that attempts at fiscal stimulus would be ineffective even in a recession , and such policies were only occasionally employed by the governments of advanced nations . 
  so , my assertion is accurate that since 1973 keynesian economics were going out of style . 
  i personally have n't heard of this resurgence in the years 2008-9 , but i believe it does n't compromise what i stated . 
  thanks for the info though . 
  plus there might be others i believe . 
  * slightly faster clap *, 
  could you explain what you mean specifically ? 
  it is , but it 's still relevant i think and taught at schools . 
  the age does n't really matter if the ideas are sound . 
  i was n't talking about neo-keynesian economics , which is distinct from keynesian economics . 
  it 's reformed and mixed with neo-classical economics . 
  does any school ? 
  indeed, 
   if we assume cars follow each other at such speed that they can stop if the car in front suddenly stops dead , then that implies following distances of ~ 160 feet at 55 mph but only 20 feet at 20 mph ( i 'm using the same deceleration rate , 0.63 g , for both calculations ) . 
  add in 20 feet for car length . 
  this gives us 1613 cars/hour at 55 mph but 2640 cars/hour at 20 mph . 
  if you want to add 0.5 second reaction time to the calculations then we get 1318 cars/hour at 55 mph and 1931 cars/hour at 20 mph . 
   that said , unless there 's a really good reason to slow cars down to 20 mph , like many vulnerable users who ca n't be totally physically separated , it makes more sense to go with higher design speeds . 
  modern cars are actually most efficient in the 45 to 55 mph speed range . 
  the exception is evs whose efficiency peaks at ~ 5 mph ( if we ignore heating/cooling power in the passenger compartment ) . 
  moreover , in the interests of transportation efficiency , combined with modern car design , it seems 75 to 100 mph is probably most optimal if you have total physical separation , . 
  obviously this means limited access highways , not urban surface streets . 
  anyway , the larger point is capacities per lane continue to increase as speed decreases , at least down to about 20 mph . 
  below 20 mph they decrease . 
  besides that , there are few safety benefits slowing motor traffic to less than about 20 mph . 
  at 20 mph it 's possible to avoid most collisions with vulnerable users , or to brake down to a low enough speed that a collision is highly unlikely to cause injury . 
  that 's not so if we allow 30 to 50 mph speeds on urban surface streets . 
  oh , wow , i did n't know one person was able to know the curricula of all the economics faculties in the whole world . 
  sorry for the sarcasm , but that comment just * begs for it * . 
  yes , please !, 
  can you source the most economists claim ? 
  my belief was that most economists today fall in the neo-classical , monetarist and similar schools . 
  well than , that 's just bad journalism . 
  unless the author checked all the faculties teaching economics in the world . 
  they sure did n't check mine . 
  i 'd love it if you provided some source . 
  in the czech republic , eu .
