  why did you pack it in so soon ? 
  venice and serbia are begging to get civilized !, 
  not really , i 'm more of a land combat kind of guy ( when i 'm not playing england ) . 
  i consider having non-continuous territory too much of a hassle , too much troop ferrying . 
  looks great !, 
  since i 'm not on facebook , is there some email list i can subscribe to to be informed when it comes online ? 
  or perhaps a future url ? 
  thanks to you too !, 
  [ geoid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geoid ) is n't precisely a sphere , but it is n't a cube much more . 
  i 've been at that level in spanish . 
  i disagree , you can also forget everything you know , sliding back to the never-even-conceived level , 
  yeah , if people see a tall white/black person speaking in a weird accent , they 're not gon na guess you 're from a different province , 
  but i do n't really think you need to sound like a native . 
  language is for communication , getting myself understood is the key point . 
  try french netflix , it has french subtitles for everything . 
  not word-for-word perfect though . 
  you wo n't find that anywhere , since subtitles are always shortened for ease of reading . 
  for a tv series : les revenants ( 2012 ) has good pronunciation and people speak relatively slowly to be well understood . 
  and there are french subtitles available . 
  one of the reasons i 'm studying mandarin . 
  afaik there are way more than 2 operational ones in the uk . 
  i 'm riding 2 myself semi regularly in my home town of brno , czech republic myself , 
  can i ask how do you know all this ? 
  where do you work ? 
  how did you get there ? 
  my guess is he would speak more standard version of mandarin if he was talking to you and not to another local . 
  as someone who never visited , i thought normal internet was n't really accessible from china and you had to use vpns , or is that incorrect ? 
  how is the outside internet speed through a vpn if you know ? 
  well i would think you need to live there to discover all those things for yourself . 
  and it makes sense not to leave the second you discover something you do n't like , but to wait a while if you can get accustomed to it . 
  you should n't have been spreading capitalistic propaganda in your handouts then !, 
  what 's the connectivity to hong kong/macau like ? 
  and would you know whether they have censored access to the internet or not ? 
  i 'm really not sure . 
  could n't have someone theoretically sneaked something in ? 
  i guess all package managers use checksums on all files right ? 
  where do they get the checksums though ? 
  can i ask how is/was the internet in hk ? 
  censored to the outside world ? 
  and if so , what speeds did you get with a vpn ? 
  companies probably get priority access with less restrictions . 
  what 's your job and is it related to china , if i may ask ? 
  many companies give their employees access to the company vpn , so that is n't an issue . 
  employee connects to the company vpn which is connected to a high link to the global net . 
  it is still stupid , but workable . 
  what 's a wofe ? 
  in what other aspects other than speed are getting worse ? 
  another person in this thread says hk has uncensored internet and good connectivity , that 's why my question was what the connectivity from mainland to hk was . 
  maybe it would be possible to establish a relay server there ? 
  i guess someone would have already tried it though , so probably no . 
  just saying ... the link says :, 
   a wholly foreign-owned enterprise ( wfoe , sometimes incorrectly wofe ), 
  well ... shit . 
  let 's hope google 's balloon internet gains traction !, 
  or some sort of satellite internet ? 
  is the chinese web so bad ? 
  i believe i heard vpn traffic can be disguised as http traffic , maybe try looking into that ? 
  well , they are the most populous country on the face of the earth . 
  well , for me that 's a risk i would not be willing to take based on a hunch . 
  i 've heard a lot of speculation that russia could easily slip back into communism/socialism in the future , that many people would actually welcome it . 
  what is your personal opinion on this matter and what do you think russians as a whole think of it ? 
  thanks !, 
  that 's just a good sound bite , it does n't actually mean much , there 's always something worse . 
  try telling it to the millians of ukrainians who died in [ holodomor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ) . 
  i 'm outside of france , using french netflix and * everything * has french subtitles , so you must be doing something wrong . 
  try checking if you 're really on french netflix . 
  thanks for a great reply !, 
  and on a related note , as a russian , what 's your opinion of this ? 
  sorry , but your grandpa is n't enough to undermine half a century of study by professional historians , even though he might be a nice guy , 
  as far as stalin goes , my understanding is he cared neither for georgia , nor even for his own family . 
  read about it . 
  and all that is besides the point , which is : being dead is worse than being poor . 
  right , that 's what 's called an [ anecdotal evidence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anecdotal_evidence ) and is highly unreliable source , not least because human memory distorts facts after time passes . 
  exaggeration at the time absolutely took place , the original west estimates were as high as 12 millions , but current scientific unexaggerated estimates put it squarely between 2.4 to 7.5 million . 
  so in every case it 's still millions as i put it . 
  while i agree that trying to spur interest in a language is possible , the results are in no way guaranteed . 
  some people will just find certain languages and cultures uninteresting . 
  it ca n't be forced , just nudged . 
  off topic , can i ask what does your flair mean ? 
   it used to be i would just laugh at you and call you a dancing monkey . 
  in truth , all of us here in china has to do that routine sometimes . 
  as i 'm someone interested in possibly moving to china , could you please elaborate on this ? 
  exactly , op has * no chance * to learn the proper words not to make a complete fool of himself . 
  so he either has to play it as a joke on himself , bail out or ( invent and ) sign english lyrics . 
  oh , i found out why my search led to nothing , the character \u4e40 you just used is different from \u311f in your flair . 
  the latter is a bopomofo letter , which completely threw me off , 
  the [ bottleopener ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shanghai_world_financial_center ) is only one and it 's in shanghai . 
  that does n't seem that bad . 
  and you can use a more elaborate greeting that would get rid of that reaction , could n't you ? 
  where is it ? 
  what 's that bad about a compliment ? 
  if you came to my european home country and spoke our language , i 'd compliment you as well . 
  thanks for your comment . 
  did that happen to you ? 
  did you leave ? 
  is it hard to find good work for a laowai ? 
  i would have thought for instance that a career in it would be great for foreigners there . 
  thinner means lower drag , does n't it ? 
  czech , extremely hard , very deserved . 
  well cross-sectional area is smaller in a thinner rocket , is it not ?
