  do n't get my started on my country , czech republic . 
  most people here dress in the outdoorsy style , they just do n't know better . 
  on the other hand , when you know how to dress , people do notice , and that 's just lovely , 
  yup , varsity jacket is us-only thing . 
  it comes with their completely different school and sports culture . 
  i do n't miss those in europe . 
  though i would like to see their cheerleaders and their outfits in here :d, 
  and that 's why [ we consume the most beer per capita in the whole fucking world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_beer_consumption_per_capita ) . 
  the irish and the germans can suck it . 
  depends on what roads you take , but yes , you 'll see them on many of them , 
  well , if you want to do ... rigorous science ... 
  i 'd stay away from the streets , those are really bad . 
  get into some cosy ... `` lab '' establishment , that 's where it is !, 
  they 're in almost every village near major road crossings with germany :d, 
  but , being from holland , i think you 've met czech working girls already :d, 
  i 've visited the city 3 times already , and i 'm in my mid twenties . 
  quite possibly my most favourite european city . 
  why do you hate it ? 
  and given that , why do you live there ? 
  what do you hate about it ? 
  how small everything is ? 
  that would be my only concern . 
  building things that need to be operational in space . 
  spaceships , building blocks for moon and another colonies , satellites , everything . 
  because the cost of launching from moon is negligible compared to earth . 
  if manufacturing and mining becomes mechanized enough that is ( 3d printers on the moon !, 
  could you post the . craft file here please ? 
  i 'd love to see how you did that , 
  then all is well . 
  if i may so ask , please go on ... 
  i was just thinking that $ 125/person was quite cheap . 
  i gave twice that for a broadway ticket . 
  given how rare this is ( ultimately the only place on earth , really ) , they could go way higher . 
  i must try this !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm imagining a new orleans ' jazz funeral . 
  how i 'd love to see one of those !, 
  i propose a new commenting guideline : no party poopers !, 
  place 's too expensive . 
  sure , but by using those strings , you learn a touch here and there . 
  if i may so ask , what do you value more than a unique experience for that money ? 
  i mean , i would never spend close to $ 300 for a theatre ticket on any regular basis , but i got to new york from my home in europe for the first time in my life , and broadway really is famed world wide . 
  the show was god damned good i must say . 
  i regret nothing . 
  well , some does . 
  but that kayak strikes me as just being pretentious . 
  if he did n't , it would be abhorrent . 
  and if he does , honestly , still yes . 
  he could have attached it way closer to the ceeling . 
  this gets in the way and it 's obvious he really badly wants to display it . 
  i just like subtlety and a touch of modesty . 
  i do show off myself occasionally , but i always arrange it so it is accidentally discovered , not hanging in the middle of my living room . 
  no , modesty is for people who do n't want to rub their successes and exuberant lifestyle into people 's faces . 
  but maybe that 's just a cultural difference . 
  i 'm from europe , and here , if one gets overly rich , he does try to downplay it . 
  `` yo bitch , grandma , no one fucks with my internet when i 'm playing cod '', 
  that is ridiculous . 
  a draft would mean , that being thin is a bad choice , and people would get fat , and the nation would desolve . 
  also , i think somebody would challange draft at the supreme court , because it really does discriminate by fatness . 
  because it delays tackling of bank robbers :d, 
  god bless you , sir !, 
  first off , totally agree . 
  passing one car is ok . 
  passing two cars at a blasting speed ? 
  idiotic . 
  but , it is your responsibility to stop if you know somebody might be injured and/or dying . 
  do n't be a douchebag yourself . 
  oh , thank you !, 
  that 's why , quite interesting !, 
  i 'm sorry for the spelling , i 'm dyslexic , english is my second language , and my spell check was turned to french , which i was doing exercises for at the moment because i 'm learning it as a third language . 
  yes , please !, 
  it did n't start with europe . 
  what do you think brought down the roman empire ? 
  influx of asians into europe that took land of native people 's that needed to move further west . 
  fighting for land is a concept that has been with us since the dawn of man . 
  it 's nothing new , and almost every nation on the face of the earth did it . 
  so , it is a sort of moral justification . 
  we should not keep doing that . 
  but when it happens , you can not single out the people of israel and call them the devil , because they are no worse and no better than any other people on the face of the earth . 
  a depravity must be something that only few people do and most do n't . 
  thus it can be amoral , depraved . 
  when all people do it , it 's the norm . 
  so , when do you suppose was the milestone in history , where it was normal to do it before , but not normal after ? 
  why ? 
  so , fighting for land is not good . 
  i 'm not making up reasons to do it . 
  but if some nation does it , i 'm saying it 's justified by it being the norm throughout all history . 
  i can not blame the israelis , because i also do n't blame the turks for destroying and taking land of the byzantine empire . 
  neither am i blaming the germanic tribes for destroying the roman empire . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  also take note that this is one of the smallest land grabs in history . 
  both in terms of area and of population . 
  there were just about 1.3 millions of palestinians displaced . 
  that 's very tiny compared to almost every other land struggle in history . 
  remove the word only , and you 're on the right track , 
  i like chruchill more . 
  the question is if somebody will insure them for it . 
  for instance the apollo astronauts autographed pictures before launch to be sold after a failed mission to make some money for their families , because no insurance company in america would insure people on such a mission . 
  this also is a so far not very tested mission . 
  if somebody would insure them , i bet it would not be cheap .
