  amke !, 
  or mac !, 
  that literally never happened to me . 
  actually , for * some * units the question does n't have a solution , because if the unit is larger than half the circumference of the earth , you ca n't walk that far north or south , 
  russia sends them to siberia , we 'll send them to space !, 
  you 'll be able to see better rockets going up , space shuttle was n't really that remarkable . 
  but it was so incredibly expensive and inefficient that it hampered the us space program for an entire generation . 
  compared to the one op has shown ? 
  not really . 
  for the r/floridaman . 
  does it really take that long to write delta iv heavy ? 
  i prefer d to the 4 to the h. 
  retired gif !, 
  i believe the kanji generally retain most of the sense of the original hanzi characters . 
  i believe they were the result of the humiliation that china and the chinese suffered at the hands of overpowered europeans at that time . 
  the chinese now call it the [ century of humiliation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/century_of_humiliation ) . 
  when the all mighty emperors with the [ mandate of heaven ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mandate_of_heaven ) that have been ruling the known world ( [ \u5929\u4e0b ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tianxia ) ) for thousands of years suddenly get defeated and horribly humiliated by unwashed pirates from europe , the order tends to break down . 
  the kanji are direct borrowing from the chinese hanzi , they started as exactly the same characters . 
  they have drifted a bit , but generally not enough to be much misunderstood . 
  the debate whether the distinct variants of chinese should be called dialects or languages is n't definitively settled . 
  it 's especially complicated because they all differ only in oral form , with the written form being the same for all of them . 
  yeah , japanese is really weird with pronouns and addressing people generally i hear . 
  more than video games in english would you say ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i think humans are pretty damn exceptional . 
  no other life has ever conquered and reshaped this planet like we did . 
  that 's a very narrow view of the matter . 
  we 're the only species in history that is actively trying to solve problems caused by its own enormous success and subsequent overpopulation . 
  and in a few decades we 'll be multiplanetary as well !, 
  look at it from whatever angle you can , we are * extremely exceptional * . 
  we are not immortal ( yet ) , but that 's the only measure of exceptionality . 
  it 's just sad to see these comments . 
  no support for windows phone is coming . 
  for anything . 
  all in the game , yo . 
  all in the game . 
   `` calment smoked cigarettes from the age of 21 ( 1896 ) to 117 ( 1992 ) . '', 
  made me chuckle . 
  he 's describing a personal taxi . 
  when there will be autonomous cars , taxis will be one of the first to use them . 
  the difference being precisely what we 've been discussing here . 
  not having to drive it yourself . 
  yeah , pretty much a contest of the flattest cities . 
  well , that 's like your opinion , man . 
  if it 's flat then yeah . 
  in my post i meant that hilly cities need not apply . 
  i sometimes get the feeling that the dutch especially do n't really understand that cities can have hills . 
  they have 1.6 billion potentially radical muslims to recruit from . 
  they can . 
  well , that had to be obvious from the very start . 
  as the percentage of evs grows , you ca n't offer the same benefits to everybody . 
  it 's not charity if it 's given to everyone , not just those in need . 
  basic income is a very descriptive term and it fits . 
  i honestly never understood why any known musician would even want to be in a late night show band . 
  the previous 45 % has already considerably risen after the debacle of the events after the referendum . 
  what was promised was not delivered at all . 
  and the latest general election shows that , the snp is the third biggest parliamentary party in westminster . 
  sure chinese characters have only one pronunciation , but you need to learn about 5000 characters with their pronunciation and tone for each of them to reach b2 . 
  and those `` phono-semantic '' characters you mention are a laugh , there are some , but they provide only a very vague sense of how it should be pronounced , very vague . 
  so you do have to learn each character 's pronunciation by heart . 
  not phonetic at all . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  i 'd be interested to see the lander that got the rover there !, 
  when i visited the us , the prices were usually round , like $ 1.99 , but then they make you pay something akin to $ 2.18 , making you deal with that shitty change . 
  the us system is incredibly idiotic . 
  living costs . 
  and for many - the language . 
  through stupidity to innovation !, 
  only if you pay for it . 
  edit : trading is a form of payment as well . 
  without paying or trading for it , you give absolutely no incentive for producing more content . 
  trading is a form of payment in goods . 
  and why the * fuck * would you assume i 'm doing this ? 
  i just feel sick of this vilification of non-violent people based on their sexual preferences . 
  the way we treat them now is not very different from the way homosexuals were treated just a few decades ago . 
  you 're response is a perfect example of why this issue is so taboo in today 's pc society . 
  anyone who defends these people must be a pedophile , right ? 
  for fuck 's sake , people . 
  first off , many pedophiles do n't act on their urges , and we ca n't be locking up people based on their sexuality . 
  secondly , possession of child porn does n't mean you contributed in any way to making more of it . 
  if you have downloaded without providing any payment or trade for it , you gave exactly 0 incentive for producing more content . 
  thirdly , we can not unmake porn that has already been made , so it would make sense to criminalize making of new materials , but criminalizing possession of the already made content is dangerous :, 
  all it takes currently is 5 minutes with somebody 's laptop to pretty much destroy their life . 
  if these people are unable to exercise their sexuality , we * have * to at least provide them with porn , otherwise it 's inhumane . 
  can you imagine what would happen if normal porn was criminalized ? 
  first paragraph is a wild and flimsy speculation based on which you ca n't put anybody into prison . 
  you suggested that discrimination of homosexuals and pedophiles ca n't be compared , so that 's where . 
  again , circulation of already made material does n't encourage further production . 
  on the contrary , it discourages it . 
  noncriminal pedophile would n't do the same , because music is n't child porn . 
  you 're assuming pedophiles inherently do n't have conscience for christ 's sakes !, 
  there was plenty of porn before film . 
  banning and enforcing the ban of all porn would * certainly * lead to * extreme * results . 
  governments would topple . 
  since i imagine you mostly do n't even know how many times something like this has been downloaded , it 's more likely than your theory right off the bat . 
  and your theory goes directly against incentives , which is how almost all human actions are motivated . 
  so i feel like my theory is * much * more based in fact and knowledge . 
   and , no , i ca n't imagine what the world would do without porn . 
  would it turn into a desolate wasteland filled with rape ?
