  i always liked that look , but never got around to trying it . 
  could i ask you how do you make your hair look that way ? 
  do you prepare it just each morning , or does it need adjustments during the day ? 
  actually , after writing this , i googled for why i was uncertain about the dna in bones , and it turns out there is dna in bones , but it 's very hard or sometimes impossible to get it out of there . 
  so far , that is . 
  do the individual hairs go up and then to the back , as it seems to me from the picture ? 
  when i do it like you say , i always get the hair pointing up . 
  it does n't look bad , but it just is n't as good . 
  are you very subtly referencing [ 4chan ( nsfw ) ] ( http://4chanarchive.org/images/28959095/1181079024983.jpg ) ? 
  :d :d, 
  damn , sorry , it 's 1am here . 
  also , i feel like he 's insulting him . 
  all his life spock tried to live as a full vulcan and stay away from his human part . 
  that 's even the way he died , most humans would not sacrifice themselves for the needs of many . 
  ( scotty or nobody from the engineering did n't for instance , and they were right there . ), 
  so , how was he the most human ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i have to side with ... both of you . 
  for one , the line just is very memorable , and hundreds of millions of people will know it . 
  on the other , i never understood why , because it just does n't seem very interesting , important , funny , anything . 
  i think it might be due to the lack of other more memorable quotes from that movie ( apart from hasta la vista , baby !, 
  are you crazy ? 
  absolutely . 
  i very much doubt it . 
  one was made by stanley kubrick himself !, 
  the other is kinda ok to watch . 
  not a native speaker ... could you explain that joke please ? 
  i love bad jokes , 
  you 're doing god 's work . 
  since god speaks probably only hebrew , he outsources translating . 
  that 's one of the best arguments agains any god . 
  i just wish religious people would be able to accept logical and true conclusions when confronted with them . 
  edit : i think it may come off as me calling religious people `` stupid '' or `` ignorant '' as bassnector puts it . 
  i would n't go there , and i 'm sorry for the connotations . 
  i 'd go as far as to call them topically illogical . 
  i believe it 's not a demeaning term , it 's just an accurate description . 
  nevertheless , i have to say i personally very dislike their stance , and i feel they 're being inherently arrogant by assuming their god must the right one , even if they do not wish to impose their belief on others . 
  i have made a sort of reply to you in an edit to my original comment . 
  i sure ca n't prove there is n't an afterlife , and i do n't care what gets people through the day . 
  but they are being illogical , and that was my only point . 
  and me to / r/stocks !, 
  hahahaha . 
  you 've obviously not been following the development of technology over the past ... 2 centuries . 
  :d sorry , but , just no . 
  every time someone thought there was a limit to how far some it technology , and probably technology in general , can go , every god damn time they found a solution , work around , something that broke through it . 
  for instance , did you know that your 2ghz processor actually does n't tick at 2ghz , because it is not physically feasible ? 
  instead it ticks at about 400mhz and a [ cpu multiplier ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cpu_multiplier ) is applied to it thus making it 2ghz processor . 
  then we found out that more than 4ghz is too much for one core . 
  what now ? 
  multiple cores !, 
  this just does not stop , believe me . 
  future of the world may or may not be be optimistic , but do n't think for a second that future of technology will be anything but . 
  just no . 
  this is a limit of it technology , since we 're talking about limit of medium to transmit information using technology , it is information technology mind you . 
  and just no , no there is no limit in the long term . 
  short term ? 
  sure . 
  limit on `` wireless '' meaning wifi and other today 's technologies ? 
  perhaps . 
  ultimate limit ? 
  no way jose . 
  queue quantum entanglement , and other crazy ideas nobody ca n't even think of today . 
  sorry , just no . 
  even if this theorem stands , what makes you think we ca n't use new channel ? 
  ever heard of [ alcubierre drive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcubierre_drive ) ? 
  due to the limitation of the speed of light , physicists are proclaiming that a possible work around is to create a bubble of space around a spaceship , and move the bubble of space itself with the spaceship by expanding and contracting the surrounding space . 
  the ship achieves faster than light speed while standing still in space , thus perfectly within laws of physics . 
  analogous to this , we might use different dimensions , quantum mysteries and go beyond the space itself to solve bandwidth limitations . 
  you 'd benefit from larger imagination and curiosity in science . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  and good for this mechanism , i make great use of it myself  happiness is not a state of things , it 's a state of mind . 
  this is deep . 
  as speaker of one of those myself , i applaud . 
  i want for europe to have a lingua franca . 
  i want to speak my native language , czech , at home , and with my friends . 
  but i like media produced in english , because it 's the best way . 
  i do n't like subtitles , dubbings are dredful . 
  forums , websites , chats have way bigger audience in english . 
  by having a lingua franca , we can be so much more united as a potential super nation . 
  television , films will gain wider audiences . 
  people will travel more , relocate more , intermarry more !, 
  i do n't really care if i google things in english , it 's way better , czech internet is small , by reading in english , i gain a world of knowledge !, 
  i love it . 
  i do n't believe so . 
  i think there is enough easily space for two languages in the life of any european . 
  there still will be czech literature i 'm proud of , that we 'll learn about in school , and which we 'll read in czech . 
  also there 's czech music which is actually pretty good ( if you understand the lyrics that is ) . 
  and the language will also be always taught in schools . 
  no , the language will not die out . 
  it will just gain a brother . 
  i know gaining a brother is a frustrating experience for a kid , and he might get jealous , but ultimately , we 'll be a happy little european family . 
  look at the language of ireland for instance . 
  once forcibly buried and forced out , people still retained it and are quite happy to speak it locally in not so small numbers . 
  but they still have the opportunity to both enjoy and contribute to the global culture like no non-english speaking european country can . 
  it 's hard to explain . 
  put the full suit on , and then try putting these brown and then some black shoes on . 
  see the difference for yourself . 
  seriously though , i do n't think there are any chain stores specializing in these sizes , europeans are usually thin or overweight , not so much obese and beyond . 
  any luck you might have will probably be some local specialised shop in a larger city . 
  i guess googling in swedish for it would be your best option .
