  http://www.debate.org/photos/albums/1/4/3242/21095-3242-7ddks-a.jpg - gdp vs. organized crime, 
  great idea !, 
  sure . 
  99.9 % that 's not the case though . 
  i did n't feel necessary to make that distinction then . 
  that would be bland . 
  because acknowledging that something is cool makes it less cool . 
  that 's why `` cool guys do n't look at explosions '' , because it 's completely normal to them !, 
  just one anschluss away ... 
  hmm ... am i really the only one that sees that one of those actresses is white and the other is black ? 
  that 's probably the most famous bossa nova song ever , how hard were you looking ? 
  well , you can take this version , do a diff with the previous , and just revert the changes on your own . 
  shady , but probably legal . 
  i 'm a european , but i found a great bookstore that has free shipping to all over the world , and very reasonable prices - http://bookdepository.com . 
  and they do have sizeable french selection ; these are what you want :, 
  there are 4 difficulty levels , i suggest you buy niveau 1 and move on from there . 
  http://9blague.com/ - 9gag in french . 
  that 's not really an explanation . 
  when you have an audition for such a role ( a mother of two white babies ) , i imagine the practise is to say you 're looking for a white female . 
  he obviously did n't do that , for some weird reason , 
  remove the gallicism of added `` it '' , and you got it . 
  amazon . 
  * have terrible shipping options for most parts of the world . 
  bookdepository.com will ship any book even to uganda or whereever you might be for free . 
  and it offers very competitive prices . 
  i had to look it up too , `` francisism '' is ( unlike e.g. 
  anglicism ) unfortunately not a word , 
  the american one sounds like she smokes the same !, 
  i watched it as a kid in czech dubbing where she sounds like an actual woman , so i was very surprised with the original , 
  levar gathered money for some nudity ? 
  [ le clip vid\u00e9o de sa chanson amsterdam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkz_ihsn404 ) , de loin !, 
  aussi essaie [ ces gens l\u00e0 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfww76jzvqi ) , [ les bourgeois ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dchi5apc1lq ) et [ vesoul ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdbyte3hzzw ) . 
  really ? 
  parents ca n't have friends ? 
  the kid does n't need to know they 're fucking . 
  yeah , the feel of kundera 's work fits really well !, 
  across all of eu it 's always 3 lights above each other , red-yellow-green . 
  no need for shapes , you have position . 
  how exactly does one read deeply and deliberately ? 
  i ca n't really see what you mean . 
  beware , it 's a loop !, 
  you 're completely insane . 
  love it !, 
  you 're addicted all right  i was too , but had to uninstall it , totally took all my time away , i was going to sleep at 10am :d, 
  question : ironman ? 
  and if not , how much savescumming do you do ? 
  can you link me to this incident you speak of ? 
  much obliged . 
  especially when you 're losing openness of the code , which both ff and chromium have . 
  and she 's already on a pedalstool . 
  why did someone have to have used it ? 
  there 's plenty of perfectly acceptable sentences that noone has ever said before in any language . 
  i laughed at `` quelque sauce '' :d, 
  maybe he 's comparing himself with his past self !, 
  if you want to be that literal , there 's even an astonishing number of two-word combinations that have never been said in the history of humanity , and yet are correct . 
  especially if you understand that terms of endearment are oftentimes poetic , and poetic license gives you even greater freedom of expression . 
  there 's really no reason to think that because it has not been uttered by someone on the internet so far means it 's unacceptable . 
  every two-word combination that you would find acceptable has been said for the first time somewhere in the past . 
  the problem is , you can not take heroin . 
  but you can not not eat food . 
  i disagree . 
  poetic license works within the limits of what is * understandable * by a native speaker . 
  from what i read about spakespeare , for instance , his neologisms did not sound `` right '' , but they were interesting and poetic so many of them spread among the populace . 
  though it is possible , i personally do n't think it 's a lazy word-for-word translation , that 's why we 're having this discussion . 
  and lastly , we 're not saying here to learners that it sounds right , or is normal usage . 
  any learner that comes to this thread will understand that it is weird . 
  but i want them to understand that you can bend language too . 
  rigid language is boring if you ask me . 
  just a random question , can you drink that tap water you have in your home ? 
  thanks . 
  yeah , found a really old map mod . 
  quaint is n't it ? 
  and as you can clearly see from the picture , france is bacon !, 
  who would want to ? 
  great site to help you with that !, 
  and nuclear power . 
  it is safe and reliable , even though some people are hysterical about it . 
  right , first you start with low residential , and only * then * you rezone !, 
  have you seen a french film without fucking ? 
  it 's just their cinematographic style , 
  yeah . 
  also , what mostly changed was the length of their hear and their beard . 
  but i do see a bit more of a smile in their eyes , so there 's that . 
  * the lion king, 
  can i ask why did they move it ? 
  from the video it seems a bit pointless . 
  awesome . 
  eh , honestly , fuck ironman . 
  the score system is broken , it gives too much value to past scores , so a small country that grows extra large has smaller score then a country that 's large throughout history . 
  to me it ironman is just as meaningful . 
  i really do n't need to believe the person that he is such a cool guy , i like looking at cool maps , that 's all . 
  can you give us some more tips and tricks you can think of ? 
  because this is a completely another level than anything i 've ever seen . 
  a way of avoiding death . 
  barely . 
  bastard , you fooled me !, 
  honestly , by this point you have no chance , unless you can find some really strong allies . 
  i recommend restart/load and focussing more on military tech and ideas , which france excels at . 
  and focus on keeping france down every chance you get . 
  also , check the ledger when making allies .
