  i think we 're doing just peachy , compared . 
  president bartlet approves this message . 
  why do you think a degree is necessary for it work if i may ask ? 
  it 's an interesting topic . 
  star trek is built on the assumption that all these things came * because * of the world war iii . 
  and that 's still a very valid theory : both previous world wars sped up our technological development by lightyears , and both wars were so horrible that they created a repulsion to a repetition thereof and an impulse to unify : league of nations after 1st and united nations , european union et al. 
  after 2nd . 
  no rafts or we 'll have to rescue them again like we love to do . 
  i miss him . 
  the issue with brexit is uncertainty . 
  if you activate article 50 and only then negotiate , then you have 2 years of uncertainty how the talks will end up . 
  compounding that , if juncker had his way , britain would have to negotiate from scratch trade treaties with almost every large nation or block on this planet in 24 months -- evidently impossible . 
  however , if you demonstrate that you 'll leave the eu only after you 've settled all matters satisfactorily , there 's no uncertainty . 
  everyone knows what 's ahead and you 'll smoothly sail through . 
  eu is * forcing * this uncertainty on britain by childishly refusing to discuss anything before they trigger article 50 . 
  i think high-level computer engineering is much more like architecture . 
  sure , anyone can put up a pair of shelves or maybe even build a small shed , but to create an apartment building you need to know much , much more . 
  however , you specifically said `` programming '' . 
  and i agree that to be a programmer you do n't need a cs degree . 
  nevertheless , without a cs degree you might be limiting yourself to building wooden sheds for the rest of your life . 
  edit : then again , you referred to your degree as a ` massive waste of money ' , which means you 're likely american . 
  in that case , i might just agree with you , because the tuition situation over there is outrageous . 
  in comparison , i had my studies completely free -- as i 'm european -- and i consider my university years as possibly the best time of my life . 
  oh yeah , the english tuitions is fast approaching the levels of the american insanity . 
  at least the scots got it right !, 
  um , they were quite atrocious , but the * one * thing you ca n't deny is that they indeed * worked * . 
  it 's possible at any time . 
  however , if you do a brexit and then negotiate it , you 'll have a period between exiting the eu ( which has all these trade deals already made that apply to britain as well ) and negotiating these trade deals . 
  during this period britain would have to trade under wto rules which would * seriously * damage it 's economy and set the country back for years to come . 
  it 's from [ a beautiful scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqkabewph18 ) from [ the west wing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_west_wing ) , a tv show well worth watching . 
  you 'll loose all the rush though !, 
  remember you 're towing a big ass trailer , that halves your range or worse . 
  the python 3 choice makes more sense . 
  it 's less prone to unintended , uncought mistakes . 
  i understand your argument , but i believe it 's based on incomplete knowledge :, 
  you can still order a mixed list in python 3 , but you have to explicitly define your custom comparison and use that to sort the list . 
  therefore , in the 99.9 % of cases where comparing a mixed list is a mistake , it is clearly identified as such to the programmer , and in the remaining .1 % you just explicitly declare your intention . 
  and in addition , you have better control over the sorting ( string before ints or ints before strings ? ) . 
  according to the zen of python , explicit is better than implicit . 
  [ viral marketing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzx6bba2k2a ), 
  it 's not garbage at all . 
  i own a flip but refused to go to dev/beta channel . 
  so this article is telling me i 'm getting the play store now !, 
  that is awesome news !, 
  i just updated and i 'm already playing gta vice city on my chromebook !, 
  bloody epic !, 
  i can agree the headline is a bit on the clickbait site . 
  but that does n't make the article `` just more clickbait garbage '' . 
  and cpython , a big mercurial holdover , is switching to git this year !, 
  mercurial is dead . 
  i 'm using git as a hg client when i really have to ( i.e. 
  once ) . 
  it 's spelled butters , and for anyone wondering , it 's a character from south park . 
  a beautiful quote -- south park has so much depth that many people completely miss . 
  elon musk and spacex are planning to send people to mars in 2025 , and they 'll stay there at least 2 years , so there 's that . 
  edit : i would not have expected downvotes for a comment about sending people to mars on r/space , wow . 
  it 's extremely hard to find a rocket that did n't fail at least once . 
  after all , it * is * rocket science . 
  wait , the exhaust pipe has enough thrust to control the roll of an entire falcon 1 rocket ? 
  additionally , do you need to control roll ? 
  is there something that would induce an unwanted roll that needs to be countered ? 
  because otherwise , i do n't think the atmosphere causing a rocket to roll . 
  i was actually thinking they just might do a landing on the moon to hone out some of the procedures . 
  that would be epic !, 
  mars has 1 % of earth 's atmosphere and 1/3 of earth 's gravity , which is much closer to the moon ( 0 % and 1/6th respectively ) than to earth . 
  therefore landing on the moon provides an important data point . 
  and i specifically did not limit my statement to * landing * procedures . 
  they can test many other procedures as well , for example autonomous cargo deployment in low gravity and low/no atmosphere . 
  of course . 
  i 'm not saying every single thing can be tested on the moon . 
  i 'm saying some of the things that ca n't be tested on earth can be tested on the moon . 
  the [ its ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interplanetary_transport_system ) ( formerly known as mct ) is expected to be able to put 550 tonnes into leo ( in expendable mode ) , which is about 1/4th of the space shuttle ( 2,030 tonnes ) . 
  still very impressive . 
   ( yes , nasa crewed sts-1 . 
  no , they wo n't do anything like that now ) . 
  just as a note , i recall that on the first test flights there was only a crew of 2 and theirs sets were made to be ejectable so they could bail in case of trouble . 
  so it had a safer abort sequence then subsequent flights of the full crew component of 7 , no ejector seats there . 
  if you count all the landing attempts then yes , it might be a 50 % success rate , but if you look at the progression , it 's a completely different picture . 
  they had a lot of failures in the beginning , then they landed a first one , and after that they landed all but one , i believe . 
  so the real success rate is close to 90 % , and that 's a brand new technology that humanity discovered in the last year !, 
  throttle control is one thing , but you can shut off the fuel at several points , so they can make it highly redundant . 
  nothing is 100 % , every single mode of transportation in the history of our species had fatalities . 
  even children 's tricycles . 
  elon musk bought tesla after they already released tesla roadster . 
   so logically they should include an abort system , they can always remove it in later versions if it proves unnecessary . 
  do you want people to get to mars ? 
  because if so , it will be without an abort system , there 's just not enough capacity for a redundancy of such a massive scale . 
  yes , there might be fatalities , but not everything has to be 100 % safe . 
  in fact , nothing is . 
  how does it cause a roll though ? 
  a wind blowing against a cylinder wo n't make it roll neither left nor right . 
  no they are not , but they are symmetric !, 
  the force any wind will exert will be thus symmetric as well !, 
  no way to make it roll left or right . 
  sure , but are the slight differences really enough to cause a roll to a 12 story rocket ? 
  the atmosphere * especially * ca n't impart any roll when the rocket is travelling faster than sound . 
  during that phase of the descent all the wind is coming from below , which is the exact direction you ca n't impart any roll from . 
  that 's the thing . 
  you can impart a roll only from a wind blowing sideways at the rocket . 
  actually , faster-than-sound air behaves much differently .
