  wikipedia is telling me ireland has a summer time , which would put you into gmt +1 . 
  if you 're on gmt , you should have 6pm right now . 
  ad mumble : i 'll give you an ip to connect to and that 'll be it . 
  current gmt time is 18:14 . 
  therefore you * are * on gmt +1 . 
  at least until you switch from summer time back to gmt +0 , 
  and take a look here on how to enable multiplayer on your diaspora game : http://www.hard-light.net/forums/index.php?topic=81854.0, 
  definitely john ham !, 
  i started coding on ie5 !, 
  a sadder , most horrible time . 
  the baby is a clear indication that they ca n't . 
  i think you could possibly declare them co-belligerent if they 're willing to join . 
  that would seem fair . 
  it 's the fault of these companies that they still have n't realized how useless these lawyers are after so many years , so many tries . 
  they totally deserve each other . 
  good guy manager ? 
  you , sir , do n't have a heart . 
  to add onto that , there is french netflix that has french subtitles for everything , making it way easier to get into french films and tv series !, 
  what a great problem to have !, 
  anki - i taught myself over 5000 french words with it in less than a year . 
  duolingo - good for practice, 
  unfortunately , my decks wo n't be ideal for you , since they are mostly bi - or trilingual ( czech -  french , czech + english -  french ) . 
  * i have about 2000 cards from my textbook ( half of those transcribed into anki by me ), 
  * about 1000 cards transcribed from my language lessons, 
  * about 2000 cards with words i picked up on the internet , books and films/tv, 
  * some verb conjugations and grammar rules too, 
  usually i just read on the internet , watched tv and looked up some words i did n't know on wordreference.com , and if they looked important , put them into anki . 
  i 'm currently trying to get into mandarin chinese myself . 
  would it be too much to ask you to describe what study plan you took ? 
  did you use some textbook ? 
  how did you chose what vocabulary to learn and what did you use ( pleco ? ) . 
  anything else you could share or recommend will be greatly appreciated . 
  thanks very much !, 
  i tried the game , but for people that rarely play rts like me even the easiest ai will completely wipe you out in minutes . 
  i believe it 's only when you order over the internet and if you 're not buying it for a company . 
  at least here in czech republic . 
  you 're killing me !, 
  wow , that 's a great response , really helpful , thanks !, 
  i 'll definitely get wechat , and already made a note to look into those books when i get further !, 
  i have searched anki far and wide and have n't found any deck that has characters , audio and pinyin at the same time . 
  ( the closest is * chinese core 500 * , but it does n't look to be usable standalone . ), 
  so i 'll try pleco !, 
  ( well , if the $ 10 for sr is one-time purchase . ), 
  so you 're basically saying i do n't need anything special for grammar , i can do with pleco probably for first few months ? 
  sadly , i 'm currently not in china , so if you 've seen any good pronunciation materials , pointer would be great , but i 'll probably find something on my own , 
  once again , big thanks , this was what i needed !, 
  in my experience , if you really put that much time into it , sr is the difference between going fast and super fast . 
  it 's a magically powerful tool !, 
  either manually or ctrl + c , ctrl + v with some editing . 
  it 's not that time consuming , i was already sitting on the computer and had the word opened in a dictionary , it 's extra 10 seconds to add it to anki . 
  but you have to also calculate the `` pass-through fee to cover the new vs used value difference '' , if you 're gon na update to a new car again on a lease . 
  unless you buy the new car in case a significant update happens . 
  why would n't it be financially possible ? 
  they are making profits . 
  wow , i feel for the guy , what he 's going through seems real and scarring . 
  but i honestly have no idea why , i am very certain it would be a positive experience for me personally . 
  i guess it comes down to different views on intimacy and sex . 
  and you need to stop being condescending . 
  they pack the rocket weeks in advance . 
  no fresh fruit on the iss ever . 
  edit : dated information , carry on . 
  interesting , i read the exact opposite !, 
  i guess i read a dated article . 
  the other thing that 's interesting is how you love being a dick about it . 
  cheers . 
  he could have easily done that while not being a dick too . 
  you might , i honestly think he was . 
  what he written could have been easily formulated in a polite way , instead of being sarcastic as fuck only to insult me . 
  manners and such . 
  it 's the internet , you can call people dicks whenever you please !, 
   if they deserve it , all the better !, 
  what makes you so sure new capacities wo n't spring up ? 
  memrise.com is exactly what you need . 
  check out the new hsk course especially . 
  automatic credibility for the victim if they do n't . 
  how is it going if i may ask ? 
  i 'd imagine it 's one of the hardest tasks you could set for yourself , so i 'd be interested in hearing your progress so far . 
  star trek already did it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdqzjvoh-_4, 
  do tell ? 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  exactly , people were n't paying for water , and now they are , it 's not a tax . 
  and people are already paying for the internet . 
  that was n't a protest , that was a pathetic hippie get-together . 
  when people come out to demonstrate , they actually know what they 're protesting for . 
  occupy movement 's whole plan can be summed up by `` wall street bad ! '', 
  what occupy really did was vent all the frustration of the people in such blatantly useless fashion that they practically guaranteed that no change happened . 
  at least that 's my honest to god opinion , with which you are free to disagree . 
  hehe , i can relate to that problem . 
  people in general do n't really see how incredibly interesting history is !, 
  how did you get into nuclear history ? 
  school , books or the old wiki-trip ? 
  you might be right that it helped slightly by showing the masses that there is something rotten in the air , but most of them knew it already . 
  as to what do we do now , it 's simple . 
  campaign finance and lobbying reform . 
  such an obvious thing to protest for , yet the whole occupy movement was n't able to muster enough iq points to think of it . 
  they absolutely half-assed the whole thing , that 's what i dislike about occupy . 
  please do watch this lawrence lessig talk , it 's a plan what we should do know , and i believe it 's our best way forward . 
  only if people knew about it : http://www.ted.com/talks/lawrence_lessig_we_the_people_and_the_republic_we_must_reclaim?language=en, 
  totally agree . 
  however , there is a chance that they might pull it off and create a decent hydrogen car .
