  given fiona 's track record as of late , i think it 's not her . 
  at least 35 , i wo n't accent anything less !, 
  absolutely , but look at tpb . 
  it changed the tld so many times , and you have no problem getting there . 
  you can google for it , or you can even bookmark some of the proxy addresses . 
  voat could do the same thing . 
  well , if the people actually upvoat it , than it 's deserved . 
  true , but that 's not a problem with submitters , but with voters . 
  there are tons of clickbait articles submitted on reddit , so monetization will not change that . 
  you can only educate the voters to downvote clickbait . 
  iirc the beginning is a bit slow , if you plow through it , it 's awesome . 
  though the book is absolutely not for everyone . 
  you have to be interested in its topics . 
  i do say that about those things too , exactly . 
  i believe in the democratic principle , people see what they deserve ( upvote ) . 
  if you disagree with what gets upvoted , go to a different subreddit with a community more suitable to you . 
  i believe in the democratic principle , people see what they deserve ( upvote ) . 
  if you disagree with what gets upvoted , go to a different subreddit with a community more suitable to you . 
  they sent him off in a balloon , it 's gon na be ok . 
  touch\u011b, 
  touch\u00ea, 
  not to mention jobs is dead , and the company is headless without him . 
  it 's slowly heading towards the same fate as when he left the first time . 
  that 's only due to the transitional period we 're in right now . 
  when rights holders realize renting is completely dead , they will still want to make money of their property , so they will offer it to one or more of the streaming sites . 
  it 's just some rights holders have n't yet caught on to the trend . 
  you do n't have to check all sites , there are meta searchers like * [ moreflicks ] ( http://www.moreflicks.com/ ) * . 
  you 're likely in a very tiny minority . 
  exactly . 
  this will never happen . 
  let 's put solar panels in spain and maybe sicilia instead !, 
  that 's an excellent observation !, 
  china is close in gdp ppp , but in real gdp , real dollars , it 's way way smaller . 
  so people can still tell very much . 
  the biggest economy on the planet is the us . 
  ( actually it 's the eu , but whatever , 
  huh ? 
  those are disconnected entities that do not form a singular economy . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  as for paper books - people who read them but do n't buy them will become a small niche in not so far future . 
  and the lending of e-books has been an abysmal service at my local libraries . 
  such painful experience that it 's really not worth it . 
  and due to copyright limitations i do n't think the experience can be made significantly better . 
  sadly , i believe most libraries will go extinct , only a small selection will remain . 
  you might want to have your balls checked out by a doctor ... or a nuclear scientist . 
  my library forces you to read the stuff on either a special reader of some unknown company that you have to buy , or a proprietary android/ios app of that company . 
  and the app is * really shitty * , often does n't work at all , and you ca n't customize the reading experience so it sucks . 
  also , the lending period is way too short . 
  overall , pirating is extremely easier for me . 
  exactly . 
  apple wo n't make the every man car , it 'll make the iphone of cars ( well , back when iphone was actually better than android ) . 
  probably a competitor to tesla model s. 
  well , electric cars do n't have transmissions generally , so apple has that going for them . 
  it 's all in the game , yo . 
  its all in the game . 
  then take to the seas and plunder !, 
  will it last for a thousand years ? 
  if you say so . . 
  so leslie gets blown ? 
  they would probably design and manufacture a token second stage that can land back , and never use it afterwards since it would be very inefficient . 
  but good for that $ 1b . 
  unlikely methinks , since by that time there 's a high risk someone else will make it ( brittish skyplane for instance ) . 
  and also by that time they will need the money less . 
  they can really use it now . 
  that would probably be too much weight . 
  but they could take up a small cubesat with that . 
  there 's no stipulation the rocket must be manned . 
  that 's for historical reasons because once people thought it was a paradox . 
  the name just stuck . 
  notice the article does not call it a paradox but rather `` a set of philosophical problems '' . 
  yeah i believe you 're right . 
  and i believe the talk was he was put in charge of the fcc by the cable lobby . 
  his wikipedia article supports it it seems , he worked closely with cable before being appointed . 
  i guess the guy grew conscience in realizing the monumental importance of his decision ? 
  agreed , tpp is evil and has to be stopped . 
  kinda like anything governments have to negotiate in secrecy from their own citizens . 
  the `` lifelong blood oath '' you speak of is called money . 
  the assumption was he was on cable 's payroll , like many a politician . 
  actually , it helps all the smaller isps immensely by giving them access to utility poles and such , if i recall correctly . 
  also , the good isps are n't harmed by this at all since they were n't extorting money and fucking the internet before , so they wo n't mind not doing it now . 
  no porn before 10pm !!!, 
  noooooooooooo !!!, 
  he seriously proposed fast lanes though . 
  the retirement home . 
  yep , can confirm . 
  and for anyone interested here 's leonard making fun of william shatner 's face expressions in that scene , always makes me smile : http://youtu.be/-qxprd3ii2m?t=14m27s, 
  here 's leonard nimoy making fun of william shatner 's face expressions in that scene , always puts a smile on my face : http://youtu.be/-qxprd3ii2m?t=14m27s, 
  he 's actually a love child of putin and elon musk . 
  if anyone 's gon na start the ww3 , it 's gon na be claire . 
  claire tends to fuck up her little pet projects it seems to me . 
  world peace is not proving to be an exception . 
  there 's no tomorrow . 
  claire has zero chance for 2016 . 
  absolutely no experience . 
  and doug is going to fuck dunbar over * hard * . 
  what 's going to do frank in is doug 's little pet project of `` find the only person that can implicate the president in a murder '' . 
  the reporter will sniff that out and it 'll be over . 
  hopefully next season though , after he wins the reelection !, 
  very . 
  they connected emotionally over their failing marriages .
