  it sounds very cool . 
  that 's exactly what robert moses would do , but we have learned is the wrong thing to do . 
  whatever capacity the roads have , they will be filled with cars . 
  so the modern urban planning actually follows a practice of * reducing * capacity . 
  i 'm talking about european-style or boston 's big dig style tunnels . 
  you ca n't be mugged at 80km/h . 
  no pedestrians allowed . 
  i think it 's by far the best band they had . 
  that 's judgement way too soon . 
  wait a few weeks and then you 'll see . 
  it 's literally not one street . 
  one main expressway absolutely , but hundreds of streets . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's one of the best drivers in the world , or just an * incredibly lucky idiot * . 
  in action, 
  what 's lod ? 
  well , i 'd imagine the police will also have an extraordinary savings in terms of fuel though . 
  any source on the claim that fleet cars are n't kept for 5 years or more ? 
  seems very weird to me . 
  seems really too soon . 
  thanks !, 
  their servers are improving every day . 
  what did you expect , that a small 2 person project will be able to take tens of millions on the first day of the exodus ? 
  well , we were always in the middle of europe , so it got kinda mixed up . 
  we got invaded by all kinds of people and nationalities , the romans , the french , the swedes , the germans , the russians , it all leaves its marks . 
  that was unbelievably great response !, 
  that city is a complete mystery . 
  everything does !, 
  i agree , transparency in bans is desperately needed . 
  this is n't the wild wild west . 
  i 'm sorry , but that is not proof of anything , many people are trolls , they just get off on it . 
  and looking at his account , the vast majority of his submissions are heavily downvoted proving once again that no significant brigading is happening . 
  but that is not to say this person should n't be banned again . 
  looking at his submission history , he is a bloody racist . 
  so if he posts something deserving of a ban into r/europe , by all means , report him . 
  is there any other reason then doxing for this rule ? 
  because in the vast majority of cases it is not needed in my opinion , and only promotes secrecy in delistings . 
  i thought we all agreed that transparency is the way to go . 
  i agree to ban links to doxing posts/threads , but to ban all seems machiavellian . 
  well , if you do n't explain the reason for the first ban , it 's like arresting someone for resisting arrest . 
  as an eastern european , i am strongly opposed to these quotas !, 
  i mean , seriously . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  yup . 
  just the other day someone heavily implied some user was racist just because he had the number 88 in his username . 
  the user gave absolutely no cause for this and when asked responded it was his birth year . 
  yet the accuser continued with his disgusting implication . 
  the benefits and negatives of megathreads were mulled over numerous times , and the end result is more people hate them than like them . 
  i do n't wish to go into it , but since i refuse to downvote you just for voicing an opinion , i decided for this response instead . 
   would n't it be nice to have greater room for nicer and more pleasant topics ? 
  i come to / r/europe for the news and discussion about the news . 
  the occasional repost of the map of who the fuck says pineapple differently i do not care about . 
  and since the news * is * currently completely full of migration , it only makes sense that r/europe is full of it too . 
  i do n't mind it at all , because i feel it 's probably the most important topic for europe in the 21st century . 
  hence , i strongly disagree . 
  well , upvote stuff you like , i 'll upvote stuff i like . 
  the `` friday culture '' ( sic ) thread is great for example . 
  things evolve , turns out we do n't have that many things to talk about besides news -- hence the pineapple map i 've seen like 7 times already , and similar bullshit . 
  and so most people come here for the news , like i do . 
  therefore , let 's not censor news . 
  makes sense , does n't it ? 
  and who cares that it 's depressing , it 's the fucking news . 
  either grow up and get used to the news , or find a more uplifting subreddit . 
  lastly , i think the subreddit you 're looking for is / r/yurop . 
  i 'm an old guard as well by the way . 
  when the mods acted and created the megathread , the mood of the subreddit turned into `` mods are incompetent assholes '' as i recall . 
  if they tried it again , it would be even a bigger shitstorm now . 
   you are content with the status quo , because it favours your preferred outcome . 
  i am not , so i say to the mods : change the satus quo - it is in your hands . 
  well , if there are two diametrically opposing views like that , the group that is bigger should win . 
  and it did . 
  why should the subreddit be turned into what * you * like if you are in minority ??? 
  i get that being in a minority sucks , but that 's how it is . 
  maybe follow a long standing reddit tradition and create a new / r/trueeurope subreddit . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  i would n't call / r/european `` news focused '' , more like `` racist focused '' . 
  well , / r/europe is a pan-european subreddit . 
  it distinctly is * not * a place for domestic news -- there 's even a rule against it !, 
  if you want to hear domestic news , find a specialized subreddit for your country !, 
  huh , maybe i 'm mistaken , but i 'd swear i saw a couple delisted for that . 
  anyway , i 've been on this sub a long time , and domestic news are upvoted only if they 're relevant internationally and/or really interesting . 
  the vast majority of domestic news does n't make it on this sub . 
  george irl . 
  it 'll blow up . 
  there 's a dire lack of struts . 
  well , he had demanded 37 thousand rubles from her , so she was just defending herself from a robbery . 
  but do n't worry , i 'll whoosh myself . 
  how could he not ? 
  wow , that 's really not acceptable reason for a ban in a rule based community !, 
  i 'm sorry , but this is really unacceptable . 
  your bans have clearly not always been absolutely correct , as evidenced by over rulings by other mods . 
  thus we have to allow people to appeal your decision right away , not after arbitrary and very long 30 day period . 
  baning for ban evasion when they simply try to appeal the decision is too similar to police arresting people for resisting arrest . 
  i agree , this should not have been delisted . 
  agreed . 
  seconded !, 
  i think it works best ( at least in the west ) to substitute `` jewish '' in there . 
  if they are * independently * visiting / r/europe to vote and express their opinions , that by definition rules out brigading , does n't it ? 
  that means they are just normal users of both subs . 
  but , what if * you * are `` wrong people '' ? 
  same here , very much so !,
