  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ogfuojxgnw ), 
   off the air, 
  - grammar holocaust denier, 
  scrubs ended with 8th season . 
  what came after were interns , which was kind of a spin-off . 
  scrubs were absolutely amazing and it ended with the 8th season . 
  it 's basically the old argument , would matrix be better if no sequels were made ? 
  i do n't feel the movie being any worse by having not-absolutely-mindblowing sequels . 
  poor you . 
  no , you wrote that drivel . 
  and i 'd like to see a screenshot of that . 
  i do understand you . 
  could you please make a screenshot next time it happens ? 
  from my experience , the enforcer is better for razorback snipers . 
  i used to headshot them with the ambassador , but if they 're moving , you take too much time to aim and someone takes you down . 
  now i go , get them 3 shots and leave . 
  i got 39 points in one life with 18 backstabs . 
  i was proud of myself that day , 
  oh , now i 'm disappointed ... 
  i 'm a mathematician !, 
  me too . 
  perhaps we need evil superpower to motivate us . 
  what did you do to us , soviets ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but possible , true . 
  on the contrary , i see it as a stepping stone to colonizing space by people , not by national agencies . 
  the space ship two is a bright example . 
  wonderful article . 
  what do you use ? 
  i find that torrent just has the most content . 
  i often look for very obscure films , music , tv shows and books . 
  what the fuck did i just saw ? 
  awesome :d, 
  very good !, 
  i want more !, 
  off to youtube !, 
  i love softer world . 
  not to be confused , the underlying pictures are just thematically connected to the comics , they 're mostly not part of it . 
  very true . 
  it 's usually a lot of misses . 
  but i read anyway , because when it strikes , it 's absolutely brilliant . 
  where the sign is . 
  what ? 
  you can just pencil the new border in , ca n't you ? 
  it means you travelled in time . 
  godspeed you !, 
  black emperors of south sudan, 
  is anyone else sad it did n't create a third [ doubly landlocked country ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_landlocked#doubly_landlocked_country ) ? 
  i came here to post that , 
  what ? 
  i stopped for some time too ( at least 2 months ) and i still have all my items . 
  how do you acquire items through idling ? 
  join a server and let it run in the background ? 
  why do people do this ? 
  the drops are so fast , i had almost all the guns i wanted after a short time . 
  sandler made himself an actor in that movie for me . 
  i was just amazed at his performance in that remarkable movie . 
  and then came also amazing reign over me . 
  i do n't understand how he can do this amount of shit . 
  but he is an actor when he chooses to be . 
  love the name !, 
  it stroke me instantly too . 
  yeah , sorry , second language . 
  comedy and acting are not that much related . 
  i think you 'd burn the led out or overheat the phone or something . 
  also you need a special stream of water that is n't continuous but drops in a precise interval . 
  i 'm researching the phone since i 'm gon na buy it tomorrow , and i have two things :, 
  cyanogenmod now supports o2x ( [ link ] ( http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices/lg-o2x ) ), 
  although the notification led is missing , there is an app made specially for the o2x that flashes the buttons , so it functions as notification led, 
  from what i 've read , i think this is the best phone to get today ( assuming you 're gon na use cyanogenmod ) , it 's got the absolute top hardware for very amazing price . 
  all i know is that in cyanogenmod when switching on full brightness there 's a red warning screen saying that it gets quite hot after a while and nobody tested it further . 
  i 've been using cm 7.0 rc for over a month , and i can tell you , even the nightlies on cm are pretty stable , a release candidate of cm is a very good os . 
  however , it is true it is the first release of cm for this mobile , so there might be some problems , but i would imagine it 's better than the stock for quite some time now , 
  as for the app , hope someone develops better , maybe cm people are planning on something , fingers crossed . 
  still , i was n't using the led much anyhow . 
  there is . 
  the rom manager has an option that will shoot a pop up every time a new stable ( release , or rc ) version of your current rom is available . 
  be sure to backup your previous rom , so in case you do n't like the rc , you can roll back to wait for the 7.1 stable . 
  consider donating to cm if you like it , those guys are doing an amazing work !, 
  hallelujah , brother . 
  let this ctrl + f thing die , please . 
  qwop !, 
  no , reason and compassion . 
  why everything slightly compassionate deemed socialist in the us ? 
  i have absolutely nothing against that people sharing those resources !, 
  that 's why i was just a little uneasy with you calling it `` socialism '' , which i come to understand is a dirty word in today 's america . 
  and for that matter , i do n't think it was really socialism , i would call it extremely regulated capitalism during wartime . 
  the actual problem as you can see lies with the word socialism . 
  i think that the aversion to this word in the us population is a source of many problems , for example no single-payer medical insurance , which is just unbelievable in 1st world country of the 21st century . 
  ownership . 
  not of the final product , that was regulated , but of the means of production . 
  companies , farms , etc. 
  i come from the czech republic and i can tell you , it 's a pretty huge difference . 
  actually no , my perspective is pretty much the same as yours . 
  i was born only a few years before the fall of the iron curtain , and now our little country is pretty much the best post-socialist economy around . 
  we have great schools and universities , completely free of charge , we have single-payer health care , also free of charge , we have unemployment benefits , `` minimal living salary '' and all sorts of social safety nets . 
  i always wished i 'd live in the us someday , growing up as a young boy on all the american films . 
  however , from watching the political and economical environment of the us , i do not wish that any more . 
  i think the us shuns everything that would make people 's lifes better just because it 's `` socialist '' . 
  ctually no , my perspective is pretty much the same as yours .
