  am i missing something ? 
  [ dr. tbaggin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_88rnoys8as ), 
  i 'm addicted to portugal . 
  the man !, 
  that 's incredible . 
  great work !, 
  poor gagarin , i had no idea !, 
  you can sell it . 
  the world market is * enormous * . 
  and you will undercut all other producers of salt , because you 'll sell for any price equal or higher than $ 0 . 
  * but we wo n't touch nebraska . 
  that 's a huge generalization . 
  are you speaking for all 5 billions of asians ? 
  and are you sure it 's really comparable when most asians could n't really afford to put their elders into retirement homes at all ? 
  whoever you are , you still ca n't speak for 70 % of the people on this planet - the asians . 
  that 's called dangerous generalization . 
  and you 're building that generalization of 5 billion people on some of the 14 million that live in the us ? 
  there are no such studies involving all the various asian populations . 
  ok , show me any such study that really involves all or nearly all of the existing asian populations . 
  how is wrestling gon na solve this issue ? 
  hulu aggressively blocks vpns . 
  and fuck hulu , i 'm not gon na pay to watch ads . 
  it 's the old * i just do n't want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member * . 
  but that would mean supporting with your money a business model of paying and still having to watch ads . 
  and if you support something with your money , there will ultimately be more of it . 
  i 'll never pay for hulu because of this . 
  bastards . 
  but they did suspend it for over a year afterwards . 
   `` manned apollo flights were suspended for 20 months while these problems were corrected . '', 
  could you post some pictures of the badly shaped fake shutters ? 
  as a european , i 'd love to see a few examples . 
  that looks incredibly fake and stupid . 
  thanks , 
  why oh why oh why ? 
  so fake . 
  thanks !, 
  sexist !, 
  / s of course . 
  it was . 
  can somebody tell me what `` iss phasing '' is ? 
  well , correct me if i 'm wrong , but the launch pad in florida crosses the trajectory of the iss exactly two times a day , but you can launch only one of those times because you have to launch north-east * . 
  and if i understand correctly the approach rockets take to get to the iss , they use a `` phasing orbit '' to adjust the rendez-vous with the iss , so the iss does n't have to be in an exact point when they launch . 
  i guess they wo n't launch on wednesday because the rocket would have to wait in the phasing orbit too long . 
  edit : brainfart . 
  oh , right , that drag in phasing orbit makes sense , thanks . 
  can you tell me why they ca n't launch on the descending node ? 
  my guess is that launching in the south-east ( instead of north-east ) direction from florida violates some safety regulations ? 
  brainfart , thanks . 
  i really do n't see that as relevant . 
  when looking at the map , i think it 's safety regulations . 
  there are islands in the south-east direction from the cape . 
  i just remember that when launching in ksp , i go to the right , 
  eu myself . 
  could you tell me how would i go about finding it in the night sky ? 
  well , spacex does not drop expended rocket stages , 
  can you give me source on that space shuttle ? 
  what i found says that it would return to the launch site if possible , if not , the backup airports were in europe and africa , far far away . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_shuttle_abort_modes#transoceanic_abort_landing_.28tal.29, 
  i did n't . 
  can you do that in a city ? 
  i always assumed the light pollution would be too much . 
  i always thought that with so much cheaper launches they will make cheaper satellites . 
  center core wo n't be . 
  quite impossible , do n't worry about it . 
  actually , plenty of them do . 
  but if you do n't exercise your freedom , you 're gon na lose it !, 
  if you 're referring to the mars colonial transporter , the estimation is there will be so many raptor engines ( estimates are around 30 ) engines , that deep throttling wo n't be necessary i think . 
  i * seriously * doubt the faa or any other relevant regulatory agency would ever allow control software of a flying ( and exploding ) thing to be based on machine learning . 
  real time software that 's used in flying machines needs to be checked and checked again . 
  and with machine learning , it 's more of a black box to us . 
  and spacex could forget right away about getting permission to land on land . 
  that still would n't * fly * with the faa . 
  you have no idea how strict they are on control software in planes . 
  and what you describe is very messy and overly complex . 
  it 's way better to write a good landing code . 
  the task and problems are known in advance , humans are way more ingenious than a machine learning algorithm for that at present time . 
  i have a feeling mutatron is asking for the terminal velocity of the first stage as it nears the landing pad ( before the start of the suicide burn ) . 
  would you know what that is ? 
  i believe i read it * is * true , but not to minimize engine exhaust , and instead to eliminate the chance of the rocket slamming full speed into the barge in case the engine does n't start for the suicide burn . 
  we do n't see the beginning of the landing burn * by far * . 
  i also thought they could save themselves trouble by starting the correction earlier , but as many thing in rocketry , it 's probably more complex than we think and they have a good reason to do it this way . 
  i 'm not gon na insult you back . 
  i 'm just gon na point you to the dictionary . 
  [ cambridge dictionaries online ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/you-have-no-idea ) . 
  well , various shaped objects have pretty different terminal velocities . 
  musk said that they 're reworking the landing legs to be able to deploy sooner which will lower the terminal velocity in half . 
  his words , but i 'm paraphrasing . 
  i searched the web up and down and found some estimates around 200 mph , but really uncertain . 
  well , are you at least vomit free since ' 93 ? 
  i do n't think blaming r/spacex is logical at all in the cases you outlined . 
  the videos are posted elsewhere and only linked here on reddit . 
  and why would you blame people reading about your company at all ? 
  the full blame lies with the leaker of course . 
  admins ca n't really be on top of this . 
  they can remove a post or a comment , but no video is actually placed here , so they ca n't really remove it . 
  just goes to show how idiotic it would be to blame r/spacex for any of this . 
  i do n't understand what do you mean by being careful . 
  like , not watching the videos when they get leaked ? 
  i agree that the admins should delete links to leaked content * when asked by spacex directly * , but otherwise , we * should * link to all spacex content there is , even if it 's possibly leaked . 
  that 's what the community is about , reading and watching everything spacex .
