  when we 're talking about us retirement plans , i 'm not arguing about uganda . 
  in the developed nations young really survive easily , because our care is very good . 
  there 's not even a lot of room for improvement , because the people are just healthy ( disregarding obesity and such , which are deseases of choice ) . 
  where the room is is elderly care . 
  see reply above . 
  and maybe a mc workshop , everybody is given some blocks and redstone components and has to complete a task . 
  maybe even homework !, 
  i have \u011b\u0161\u010d\u0159\u017e\u00fd\u00e1\u00ed\u00e9 on the quickrow . 
  here you go : \u010d, 
  come on , apply yourself !, 
  unicode !, 
  you can do and gate ? 
  you should find some more engaging project ... , 
  i 'd say it 's pretty much harder make it in mc . 
  and more meta anyhow , 
  i cropped it big time due to my keyboard being dirtier than i 'd like you to know , 
  it was invented by my language - czech , - but it spread across many slavic languages : [ \u010d ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%8c ), 
  and make one that shows an asterisk instead of every letter . 
  you know , for passwords !, 
  we sure are , that 's why it 's the first letter of the name of our little republic : \u010cesk\u00e1 republika !, 
  that is absolutely true . 
  however , i live in a country with what you call a `` socialist healthcare '' , so anyone needing any care is given it . 
  so you can not spend more on prolonging the life or the extending the quality of life . 
  what you however can do is find treatments to all the old people 's diseases , since old age is just mostly accumulated diseases and ailments . 
  the centre of europe is such a wide claim you can be from anywhere between germany and ukraine and still have some , at least partially , acceptable claim to being the centre of europe , 
  i personally think that when considering the eu , germany is it 's gravity and centre , when i look at the properly defined continent of europe , than it 's ukraine , but , when i look at a political map of europe and disregard russia , since it 's not you 're usual european country by distinct history and position , i find that our little czech republic might not be so pompous to claim so . 
  heh , true , but austria has a [ patent ] ( http://www.europeword.com/blog/europe/finding-the-center-of-europe/ ) for the centre of europe !, 
  you guys are really hung up on that center of europe thing , are n't you ? 
  :-) ) well , ok , i 've visited lithuania and it 's a beautiful country anyhow , so why not there . 
  and yes , it is a joke , i do n't think you can patent a fact , 
  heh , no , not legal . 
  the law is just not enforced , and the penalties are really mild anyhow . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  love it !, 
  wow, 
  i think this is the most probable reason . 
  hell no . 
  people work and people play , both is needed . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy . 
  and besides , i 'm a cs major , and redstone in minecraft taught me more about the underlying structure of computers than some professors . 
  you do n't build this in real life , because it 's a lot of non-technical details you need to do - buy materials , shape them , hook tiny wires , and you create something really useless . 
  in mc you abstract from physical details and concentrate on the logic of the thing . 
  it 's a thought exercise for you preparing you for bigger things , things that you will be able to apply at your job perhaps . 
  are you 14 ? 
  oh , than sorry for that , i should n't be condescending . 
  you have quite a good grammar for an 8 year old . 
  glad to see you interested in minecraft , it really is awesome !, 
  oh , i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  it is proven that kids who play with blocks are actually developing their mental capabilities faster and are more likely to become engineers , mathematicians , physicists , architects and many other interesting professions . 
  maybe try it again ? 
  you 're still young , at 8 you still have your development mostly in front of you . 
  yup . 
  i actually have a file on my disk where i sometimes type these , it 's quite long now , 
  i know younglings have a little shady memory , so no worries , but if you recall , this is not a toy castle - although if you 'd like one , build one ! , the sky is the limit !, 
  - this was actually a pretty cool piece of software logic displaying ascii characters on a pixel display . 
  it 's really popular game , basement losers are a minority . 
  i for instance live on a 7th floor , 
  computers are very complex , and the only thing that will make you better at understanding them is practice . 
  this is practice . 
  he 's not going to use it , but he can build it now . 
  he knows how it operates . 
  he can go on another level and learn more , and more and more , and after a while , he 'll be writing drivers for nvidia for $ 150k a year , while you hesistant to do something interesting because it 's got no use will be stuck at your average job . 
  it 's shit like this that distinguishes the best minds . 
  it really does n't matter if it 's in minecraft or on a circuit board . 
  the important thing is that he took the time and learned something new . 
  ps : please try to discuss intelligently . 
  things like `` zzzz boring . '', 
  are really not worth anyone 's time . 
  he did n't learn `` minecraft '' . 
  have you even played the game ? 
  it 's a sandbox game that has electronic components that behave just like real electronic components !, 
  whatever circuitry you can build in real life you can build in minecraft , and vice versa . 
  he just used minecraft instead of some other software that models electronic components . 
  this is reddit , i hold it and you to better standards . 
  that 's incredible . 
  i did n't think you could go so low :-), 
  anyhow , maybe you just do n't have the genes to want to construct things like this . 
  that 's ok , everybody wants to do different things . 
  berickcook , and me too , enjoy building interesting electronics . 
  you may like drawing , or whatever . 
  if you 're not into it , it 's hard to explain . 
  so , let 's agree to disagree , and not to , please , prolong this tiresome discussion . 
  that 's because you 're field of study involves interaction with physical environment . 
  you could n't very well do it in minecraft , not even approximate it . 
  however , cs does not involve that interaction . 
  it 's just software logic . 
  and we computer scientists are not keen on this `` physical environment ''  , why bother with it , when we study the logic , the mathematics . 
  it 's just a choice between minecraft and some boring modelling software , because we 're not gon na build what we engineered anyhow . 
  minecraft is just inherently more fun , 
  to be honest sense was quite updated i believe and now consumes much greater amount of memory . 
  this is however not a problem on anything newer than the vanila desire .
