  space launch companies had all kinds of arguments against reusable rockets as well , and look where we are now . 
  i 'm not absolutely certain it 's gon na be the revolution elon musk believes it will , but he does have a good track record with revolutions . 
  and misconstruing his arguments by omitting the important parts like the article did is just circle jerk . 
  i invite everyone to become a patron of this magnificent bastard on [ patreon ] ( https://www.patreon.com/exurb1r ) , because i want to see way more of these videos !, 
  the 18,000 got added exactly at stage separation . 
  some weird quirk . 
  wait , they were different ? 
  i actually love the first ( ? ), 
  theme song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8opspok6iq, 
  could you point me to the other one please ? 
  well , that is indeed awful . 
  the canada , our home and sacred land !, 
  the canada ... 
  so do i !, 
  i liked this one even better than the road not taken !, 
  you took a chance , man , good for you !, 
  it does n't work every time , but it does work some of the time !, 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm . 
  the joke is as old as civilization . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  i cringed when i realized that he did n't even put a new spin on the old cliche , just repeated it almost verbatim . 
  but if it made you smile , who am i to take it away from you . 
  i was simply asking if that was sarcasm . 
  i could n't fathom the existence of people actually enjoying the joke . 
  could you explain the joke ? 
  i did not get it . 
  aah , thanks !, 
  yes they did . 
  they went to someone 's land and established their country on it . 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm a european and i 've never been able to find out what 's this thing that seems to be attached to the earpiece of the telephone , and what it 's for . 
  [ here 's dr. kelso from scrubs holding it ] ( http://imgur.com/esukf ), 
  i 'll be thankful for an explanation . 
  edit : thank 's for all the responses , i may now rest again . 
   thanks !, 
  i seen the movie a way back , and i fell in love with the music . 
  i have all yann tiersen 's work , but i 'd love more . 
  i love the lightness of the music , and the sound of the piano and especially the beautiful accordion . 
  if i remember correctly , he based his style also on french folk music , so maybe you know something similar in that genre ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  too often i see here an awesome minecraft idea that would be easily implemented if not for the 4-bits per block limitation . 
  for example , this [ gem ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/grrzt ) , which would be easily implemented by being able to use dye on redstone , or the idea of `` togglable '' redstone , where by right clicking on it you can manually override its orientation , and many more ( if you think of some of them , please leave them in comments ) . 
  as some people pointed out , it would be neither a huge technological problem , nor necessarily a slowdown . 
  why limit the imagination just because of not entirely necessary code limitation . 
  well , about 6gb is the half life 2 engine . 
  the rest is hats . 
  edit : yes , it was a joke , 
  hi guys , i 'm using the made man and it is supposed to leave a rose on the dead bodies i kill . 
  i have n't seen it yet . 
  could someone please submit a screenshot ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm no scientologist , please help . 
  hi there , i was just watching some sci-fi , and there was a ship in orbit of a planet . 
  and they showed it as orbiting always with one side to the planet . 
  what my understanding of physics tells me is , that object in orbit does n't change orientation , that is , there 's no side that is permanently turned to the planet . 
  how is it ? 
  question answered . 
  very interesting information , thank you !, 
  anyone else is absolutely fascinated by arnold rothstein and how well he 's portrayed by michael stuhlbarg ? 
  i would love to see way more of him in season 3 . 
  maybe there could even be enough for a spin-off ? 
  the prohibition was a hell of an interesting era . 
  hi guys , first , let me thank you for this inspiring subreddit , its been helping me for a while now !, 
  i 've started losing weight by eating less . 
  i tried exercise my way to slimness a few times before , but i never stuck with it . 
  so i went to calorie counting , since i do n't want to restrict what i eat , and after a while i knew how much i should eat , so i stopped counting and just ate less food . 
  it all went well , and from 97kg i got it down to 85 ( i 'm 24yo male ) . 
  however , i 've noticed that i need to be eating less and less to sustain me ( to not gain or lose any weight ) . 
  i think it 's not proportional to how much weight i lost . 
  today i even tried complete fasting , and i ate literally nothing except i drank some tea , and it 's now 8pm , and i 'm still not really much hungry . 
  am i destroying my metabolism by this weight loss through calorie deficit and occasional fasting ? 
  should i start exercising to avoid permanent damage ? 
  i hope this is n't a stupid question , thank you for any insight !, 
  that is all . 
  carry on . 
  hey guys ,, 
  decided to try the new 1.5 version with it 's hoppers and droppers ,, 
  and right after the update i found out that my powered rail start button is unchearable when sitting in a minecart , unlike in previous versions . 
  i put my start button usually just to the side of the track on the ground level , and now that is below the reach of the player sitting in a minecart - he gets out of the minecart instead of clicking the button . 
  [ 2 photos to illustrate ] ( http://imgur.com/a/1aeg5 ) the button position ( the left button is the problem , the right one is further away and works ) . 
  what is weird that i coudl n't find anybody complaining about this . 
  i thought this was pretty usual place to put the button - do you guys not have this issue , or put the buttons elsewhere ? 
  merci !, 
  english :, 
  i downloaded the rfi app to my android phone because i like to listen to the `` journal en fran\u00e7ais facile '' , but i can not find it nowhere in the app , even though i read it is in there . 
  does anybody know where to find it ? 
  i heard it about the original beaglebone , so i 'm wondering if i should buy a special charger for it . 
  i checked and in / proc/cpuinfo it says `` bogomips : 660.76 '' , so if that is the frequency , i think it should be around the advertised 1000 . 
  for what it 's worth it seems a bit slow , but i never used it before today . 
  thank you for any info !, 
  what 's up with firefox not being in the repos ? 
  i ca n't even find an aur firefox that will compile . 
  is there no firefox for arm ? 
  french netflix opened a few days ago , and it has subtitles to all french films and tv series !, 
  the selection is n't perfect , but not bad considering it 's few days old , 
  christmas came in early this year !, 
  hi guys , i was n't really able to find the source code for diaspora , only fs2open . 
  i read that the graphics/models/etc are free to use under a free license , but i was n't able to find anything about the source code . 
  does anybody know ? 
  you just need to get a little garden going in the back yard and you 're all set !,
