  my statement defaults to `` we do not know '' . 
  analogy with the wiki example : the default state is that we do not know whether there are odd or even number of balls . 
  therefore my statement that there are odd number of balls defaults to `` we do not know whether it is true '' . 
  think it through a little more . 
  absolutely , occam 's razor works for you in this case . 
  but occam 's razor is always just a suggestion . 
  it proves nothing . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  what do you mean `` because of evidence teapot no longer applies . 
  russel 's teapot applies wherever there is insufficient evidence . 
  for instance christians have * some * evidence , namely the bible . 
  but it is completely insufficient evidence to prove the existence of god . 
  same as in this case . 
  you do n't have evidence that is enough to prove your point . 
  look here , honestly , there 's no way you 'll ever concede , is there ? 
  i mean , i have trouble admitting i was wrong , like every man , but we 're going over this for the 5th time already . 
  if you still do n't understand what i am saying , i 'll bear with you . 
  but let 's not waste our time if it 's just is n't happening . 
  oh well , i tried . 
  in the end , people are n't really logical no matter how i wish they would be  evening . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's not me who 's not grasping the concept here . 
  you completely missed the concept of unprovability . 
  you did n't comprehend the use of the russel 's teapot . 
  and you even failed to comprehend how the example you chose off wikipedia relates to our debate . 
   you said as a statement of fact that the us legal system hands out 10 - 15 years of imprisonment for hosting a torrent aggregate, 
  no i did not !, 
  i said tpb guys would get 10 - 15 years minimum !, 
  that 's different  tpb guys have huge international profile , they are the pirates , the pirate bay , they 've been defying ip laws for over a decade , laughing in their faces !, 
  and i am navigating a `` logic loop hole '' as you call it . 
  it 's called logic  my statement can not be proven wrong until tpb are sentenced in the us , so there 's nothing you could have said this entire discussion that would disprove it . 
  it 's sort of a loophole , yes , 
  and for christ , read the usage of russell 's teapot again :, 
   russell wrote that if he claims that a teapot orbits the sun somewhere in space between the earth and mars , it is nonsensical for him to expect others to believe him on the grounds that they can not prove him wrong . 
  i do not expect you to believe me , as i stated again and again !, 
  i 'm only saying you ca n't disprove it !, 
  look , no disrespect , but i think you do n't have the capacity or education to comprehend the logic behind this . 
  you do n't really grasp what it means to ( dis ) prove something . 
  a proof has to be complete , undisputable , absolutely correct , otherwise it 's insufficient proof . 
  i 'm certain that you will take this as an insult , but believe me it is n't so . 
  if you 'll ever be interested in this topic further , try coursera.org , they provide college courses online for free , and i 'm certain they have one on mathematical/formal logic . 
  best wishes . 
  lol , you are `` trying to get you to understand the importance of precedent in the us court system '' all the while not knowing that precedents can be overturned ? 
  your cockiness is amazing , 
  lol , it does n't . 
  it takes a judgment by any higher court , that 's it  sure , if it 's all the way up to the supreme court , then sc overturning itself takes ages , but that 's not this case . 
  and you 're ignoring that they can be prosecuted for different crimes , as i sad like 5 times already too . 
  but most importantly , you are completely mistaking suggestion for certainty . 
  you 're somehow completely incapable of understanding what certainty even means . 
  which you have to admit is kind of funny , 
  in the interest of civility , i 'm unilaterally ending this discussion , so i do n't turn to insults like you . 
  good day to you !, 
  amen !, 
  new york is still the most european city in america . 
  true . 
  completely unrelated , i 'd like to just ask you how many people in beijing can communicate in english ? 
  i heard the younger generation can speak well , is that correct ? 
  i do n't think it would be considered rude . 
  just ask if they speak spanish , and take it from there . 
  if they start answering in english again though , always switch back to english . 
  but of course , wait until you are at least b1 to do this . 
  one time in france i wanted to practice my french , but the young kid waiting tables kept talking in english even though i persisted with my very communicative french ( based on all previous interactions in france that week ) . 
  it was really weird , 
  well , if this was a problem , there 'd be huge unemployment getting ever worse since the 19th century . 
  which obviously did n't happen . 
  we 're just in a recession/depression , that 's why there are fewer jobs right now , but the vast majority of people in the western world are still employed . 
  i would n't see it as alarming as you describe it . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  another motivation to keep learning mandarin is always good , 
  absolutely . 
  i completely agree with you that jobs countless are disappearing . 
  so many things are now becoming available to automation . 
  however , i believe this to be a 3rd industrial revolution - the [ first ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/industrial_revolution ) happened roughly around the year 1800 with the introduction of the steam engine , and the [ second ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_industrial_revolution ) around the year 1900 with the advent of electricity , mass production and the production line . 
  in both previous industrial revolutions machines took up work previously done by people and huge number of jobs disappeared . 
  but as we 've seen , this lead to new kind of jobs being created . 
  it did n't happen right away , it took several decades , but i think we can agree we 're off now better than before . 
  this is n't guaranteed to happen during this revolution as well , but i believe it will . 
  the sad thing is , it will hurt a lot for the next 20 years during this transition . 
  one reason is that the creation of new jobs will lag behind the ending of old jobs for a decade or two . 
  and second reason is that for example a lifetime trucker will have big trouble changing careers to a completely different field . 
  but we should be a lot better off 30 years from now than we are at this moment . 
  only soup for you !, 
  even though it 's a bit simplistic , there 's a lot of truth behind the quote, 
  `` in a democracy , the people get the government they deserve . '', 
  find out how much vocabulary is requred for b1 i think it 's around 1000 wotds . 
  also , try some online test . 
  ggilf, 
  i do n't know , try google . 
  i found several when i was learning french , there ought to be some for spanish . 
  or just go by the description of the b1 level and self evaluate :, 
  * can understand the main points of clear standard input on familiar matters regularly encountered in work , school , leisure , etc. 
  * can deal with most situations likely to arise while traveling in an area where the language is spoken . 
  * can produce simple connected text on topics that are familiar or of personal interest . 
  * can describe experiences and events , dreams , hopes and ambitions and briefly give reasons and explanations for opinions and plans . 
  you 're either very lazy or have very poor searching skills . 
  i googled `` spanish proficiency online test '' ( no quotes ) and found all these in 1 minute :, 
  1 . http://www.cervantes.to/test_inicial.html, 
  2 . http://www.donquijote.org/spanishlanguage/test/, 
  3 . http://www.transparent.com/learn-spanish/proficiency-test.html, 
  4 . http://www.123teachme.com/online_spanish_test, 
  just to make things clear , degrees celsius do n't have much to do with the `` metric system '' or more properly the international system of units ( si ) .
