  i was born only a few years before the fall of the iron curtain , and now our little country is pretty much the best post-socialist economy around . 
  we have great schools and universities , completely free of charge , we have single-payer health care , also free of charge , we have unemployment benefits , `` minimal living salary '' and all sorts of social safety nets . 
  i always wished i 'd live in the us someday , growing up as a young boy on all the american films . 
  however , from watching the political and economical environment of the us , i do not wish that any more . 
  i think the us shuns everything that would make people 's lifes better just because it 's `` socialist '' . 
  judicial system rules !, 
  this is even quicker . 
  it 's like - you would n't download a car if someone parked one in front of your house and said you can drive it anytime for free . 
  what do i care ? 
  it 's better than stealing it myself . 
  it really really does . 
  you just never ask if it is stolen . 
  you are not obliged to . 
  also , you did not obtain any stolen goods . 
  you were given permission to use them , you do not own them . 
  please do , they look beautiful . 
  what ? 
  why would dean ask a student what grate to give him ? 
  and why the school did n't want him ? 
  and for what was that grate anyhow ? 
  like summary grade for the undergraduate studies ? 
  you . 
  well , it 's the theoretical maximum . 
  when the sdhc came out , it promised 32gb , which was amazing at that time too , however only recently have we lowered to price of the 32gb model to something people are willing/able to buy . 
  her ? 
  yeah , after landing that , his ass must have been truly bad . 
  it 's all kind of part of earth and it 's beauty ? 
  yes . 
  do i like looking at water porn ? 
  yes . 
  do i like looking at animal / botanical porn ? 
  that 's why i think they are separate , and why i like them as such . 
  i thoroughly liked bridge over the river kwai , but i 'm yet to see the great escape , 
  however , do see it at night , it 'll multiply the atmosphere . 
  5 , but 6th is already downloaded , 
  tarantino is popular . 
  also , it 's a good movie . 
  or at least in imax quality , if you 're watching on your phone , to compensate ... 
  gorillas are known for their glass making skills . 
  you 've got the most amazing gadget right there . 
  wow . 
  i 'm so buying that . 
  well , with the introduction of these displays , it wo n't be in a few short years . 
  seems to me like just the thing to rate empires by . 
  america is n't much of an empire in a traditional sense . 
  it does n't have massive holdings that account to tens of percents of the earth 's surface . 
  it just has great power and influence over the whole world . 
  it 's called [ pax americana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_americana ) . 
  massive international empires are n't very much possible nowadays . 
  italy did fight natives in italy proper , but that is n't what made it empire , that was conquering vast amounts of land and people under its rule . 
  the usa , appart from establishing it 's proper mainland territory annexed hawaii and controls small caribean country . 
  if it even constitutes an empire , it is a small one , not worth the list . 
  the us established something else than an empire , it established an enormous power and influence over the whole globe , it 's called [ pax americana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_americana ) . 
  the meaning of `` empire '' and what it encompasses is well established , and i think we should not force new forms of power formation onto it . 
  and considering the significance of the american world system , or pax americana , i surely have to agree on some points . 
  it is a huge power house that extended even into space . 
  however , i would not place any wagers on the relative positions of the pax americana and the pax britannica . 
  i would argue that the pax britannica directly involved more people * , more land , and more massive dominance over the world , without such powerful rivals such as the ussr or the now emerging china . 
  for what it 's worth , for most of it 's life , the pax americana involved only half the world , since the other belonged to the soviet block of ussr and communist china . 
  \\* in relative numbers compared to the world population, 
  yup , the issue is there , however , it does n't really matter . 
  it 's about those 1000 pages in between beginning and end that matter with him , 
  i was amazed this was not r/circlejerk ; if you drive like that , you 're not `` an asshole '' , you 're a completely retarded idiot that is a menace to society and should spend at least a few months in jail for creating a situation that could have easily killed a few people !, 
  i do n't know . 
  however , you could feed the output to a t-flip flop , which essentially is an on/off switch , so you could simulate sustained pulses with it , 
  that 's kinda weird , is n't it ? 
  there has to be some rule that says why is it left-to-right from your point of view , since point of view is n't really an objective thing ... 
  the current must flow !, 
  80 characters is possible in assembler and pascal , perhaps in c , but for most languages of today , especially when you 're using external libraries , it 's completely ridiculous . 
  120 is the way . 
  could anybody please explain to me how is a lamp a terrain feature ? 
  i do n't think it is . 
  terrain is hills , plains , mountains , lakes , sea and such . 
  walls and lanterns are objects that happen to stand on that terrain . 
  exactly , not a terrain feature , just a thing that stands on it . 
  is the deffinition of a terrain feature something that can be destroyed or moved ? 
  is my bed a terrain feature ? 
  is my engine room a terrain feature ? 
  where do you guys get this definition ? 
  as a python user myself , i agree that it is a little bit easier language on the length of a line , however , i do exceed the 80 characters limit even there , especially with list comprehension and such . 
  ah , there we go , that makes sense . 
  i 've been off-line for last two weeks , so i missed it . 
  thanks !, 
  ok , i missed the word of notch , thanks , 
  i think pretty much the whole eu is without trouble there , i 'm from czech republic and i 've traveled a lot of europe and even the us , and the culture is very similar , very little room for such a gross misunderstandings . 
  do n't be afraid . 
  it is , i did it with 4 vertically . 
  in the czech republic you also deal with the place you bought the product . 
  and there is a state mandated 30-day period in which they have to return the device back to you . 
  if they miss it , you can go on the 31st day to the shop and demand full price you bought the device for ( even if it 's almost 2 years old and worthless now ) . 
  here 's the [ world save ] ( http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6676768/gneps_world_save.zip ) . 
  directions : near spawn point there 's a tower , get a minecart and ride the tracks into a central station . 
  then go downstairs ( coordinates 34 \u00d7 73 \u00d7 196 ) , the door on the right is stargate command , from there you can activate the mechanism ( called blast wall ) , and the door on the left is the engine room where you 'll see it work ( there 's also a debug on/off switch ) . 
  it 's cheaper to build the scenery in russia and take a picture than to buy photoshop , so ... 
  i was thinking the same . 
  by my count , they should n't be able to tell , and you get extra security . 
  and i 'm not sure , but i 'd say getting a vpn is cheaper than tethering plan . 
  edit : forgot the `` n't '' in should n't , 
  then fucking ask everything !, 
  do n't sweat it .
