  of course they could retaliate . 
  but atomic war is something not too desirable i 'd say . 
  true . 
  true . 
  he 's [ mr. hilter ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlmgknvr_pg ) now , i know . 
  it actually made my morning today , so i thought i 'd share , 
  i got ta say i got stuck at the exact place you did , but believe me , it 's gon na get better . 
  listen to reason :d, 
  even with this boring part , i think it 's a great book . 
  the world it displays is so amazing , 
  i installed launcher pro to replace sense launcher , but i locked it to portrait also , i hate homescreen switching direction . 
  well , i 'd say they are . 
  they were forced to work ( no homeless existed ) , had to do 40 hours a week , and were paid the same money as everybody else . 
  results did n't very much matter , everybody was just having coffee breaks and pretending to work . 
  in the short-term . 
  yes , that is right , i was talking about what was called socialism , a preparatory stage for full communism implementation . 
  problem was that socialism was not very successful , and therefore communism was never implemented . 
  however , people tend to use the word `` communism '' also for socialism , and in this instance it was referenced in a sentence `` communism did n't work out '' implying it was tried . 
  communism was never even tried , so it is obvious it meant socialism in this context . 
  and in socialism people are `` paid by the hour '' . 
  they broght that on themselves by being ios exclusive . 
  that was a hyperbole , of course wages differed , but very slightly compared to nowadays . 
  for most of the people anyways , high party members of course enjoyed privileges . 
  however no , my experience is with eastern europe . 
  i like it too . 
  nice talking to you , 
  he might get the answer better or equal than the computer in 99.9999 % cases , but he wo n't `` beat '' the computer , because computer will get the answer first and that is what matters in the game of jeopardy . 
  he totally got me with the oprah bit :d, 
  wow , thank you for that . 
  there 's a [ chrome extension ] ( https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/enpodcpdpfdedhkgjdhlbjaknfkcelpp ) for that :, 
  do n't worry , i got it from the discussion here :-), 
  i really do n't know why they 're downvoting you , wtf people ? 
  the boobies are at stake !, 
  come on , how does bratislava and kazakhstan compare ? 
  or maybe he just asked her that to see what her feelings about the subject were . 
  anyhow , i 'm just messing with you , the portrait of bratislava was quite funny , but i can never watch that movie with my slovak friends :d, 
  although i agree with this in regards to most of the world , i do n't think so it 'll be that easy with africa . 
  africa is the black hole of economy , it 's the only place on earth that managed to get poorer in the past 20 years . 
  always good to hope , though . 
  on my trip to the usa i went to the 30 rock and stayed for the sunset , it really was amazing !, 
  love nyc . 
  yup , just wanted to say that when i saw this . 
  they should at least put up some wildfires or something . 
  it was already covered like a million times , it 's a legal thing , not fault of valve . 
  for me it does , i have very easy master volume control on my mouse wheel , so i do n't need that at all . 
  yeah , and you can also masturbate but not look at porn , 
  you ca n't compare it to a bug , because it 's not . 
  it 's minimalism , and i for one quite like it . 
  i 'm simply saying it 's not objective , i like it , you may not . 
  that is really interesting . 
  if you ever find the source , please let me know . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/sci/tech/2975862.stm ) . 
  best . 
  argument . 
  ever . 
  germans find it silly and nonsexual . 
  if we did indeed go extinct , what species do you think would become dominant instead of us ? 
  another descendants of monkeys ? 
  i 'd like to believe it 'd be zebras :-), 
  yes , but i think over time there would be another species to develop speech and higher brain capacity , that would become dominant , i.e. 
  rule the planet . 
  was there so many humans and neaderthals in that time that they had to compete for the same resources ? 
  i 'd think they could move a few days away and find their own territory . 
  would you say we do n't rule the planet ? 
  we may not control it entirely , as emperors could not completely control their empire , but we control a lot of it . 
  that is very interesting . 
  i always thought that as in star trek every life eventualy develops inteligent species . 
  in the world of almost endless time i guess it 's highly probable that eventually inteligent life will develop ( if a comet or something does n't cut the game short ) . 
  and considering the long term , what disadvantages do you see ? 
  i see it like this : the species will overpopulate because it will conquer every other species , which is good . 
  the disadvantages of atomic war and such are bad for all life on the planet , not just the species , so it is no disadvantage , because disadvantage in evolution is comparative , not absolute . 
  how do you see it ? 
  damn , it is true . 
  they have an army ready to take over the world at every intersection hiding in the asphalt !, 
  the earth is inanimate object that behaves according to the laws of physics without any will . 
  it 's just one tool we use , but we ca n't control entirely yet . 
  except the isps, 
  could you elaborate on what you mean by this ? 
  edit : after reading on materialism on wiki : are you saying there 's possibly some `` lifeforce '' inside of earth ? 
  i 'm using physical understanding of mecanics governing processes on earth , i.e. 
  continents shift , lava erupts from vulcaons when the pressure builds and such . 
  i do n't hold any supernatural beliefs . 
  well , we have changed a great deal of surface with our cities , roads , agriculture , dams , and even atomic bombs . 
  we have extracted precious materials from deep within the earths core . 
  we polluted the atmosphere that created deep smog in some places . 
  we even may have caused global warming . 
  i 'm not saying it 's all positive , but it 's a drastic change that no species has ever produced before . 
  we 're not in control of earth , but we control some parts . 
  and my point was that we rule the planet as in louis xiv ruled france . 
  he ruled the land , the people , the animals , not when vulcanos erupt . 
  in this sense we are ruling the earth . 
  yes , but beavers , ants , chimps combiend did n't change 1 % as much as we did . 
  rule is nothing subjective , nothing pretty either . 
  we can kill ants if we wish so , and every other species on earth . 
  we control where they may and may not live . 
  we put them in cages and look a them at zoos . 
  we may be self-appointed , but that does n't diminish our almost complete power over living organisms on earth . 
  on the contrary . 
  i do believe that consciousness is only the product of physical processes in the brain . 
  i do n't think there 's more to it .
