  the problem is , the `` economy '' is n't some entity , it 's just people living their lives , making decisions . 
  and those people are * aware * of that historical experience . 
  so they may and often do act differently each time a situation presents itself . 
  and what i said before still applies -- each situation is unique , and there are millions of little factors in play in every crisis , in everything involving the `` economy '' . 
  you ca n't ever know for sure , even with hundreds of years of data , we will be guessing for ever . 
  economics does all it can to be like physics , but by the very nature of what it studies -- people -- it can never achieve that goal . 
  economics will forever be closer to psychology and sociology than physics and thus uncertainty will be ever present . 
  that is the direct result of the fact that the field of economics can not do experiments . 
  thus economics learns only from history . 
  and as with normal history , even economic history can be interpreted very differently by which way you look at it . 
  and we * can not * ever know with absolute certainty which way is the correct one . 
  we can only estimate . 
  and so far , our data are pretty scarce , really plentiful economic data started mostly at the end of the 19th century . 
  i do n't think they do literally act more certain than physicists . 
  if you asked any economist if he was more certain of the effects of qe , or similar policies , than of the theory of gravity , they 'd certainly be more certain about gravity . 
  but i agree with you that economists * do * act very certain and not very modest . 
  i believe that is because they are the most qualified individuals to speak to the matters of economy and they usually have to argue with people that are very uneducated in the matter and do n't even know the very basics . 
  you see , the problem with economics is that an extremely large amount of people believe they know a lot about it , without actually studying it . 
  and they outright refuse to believe educated economists if the issue being discussed is counter-intuitive . 
  and thus economists get irritated by such ignorance and can become immodest and act very certain ( which they are about the basics the ignoramuses are usually disputing ) . 
  edit : just as an example of a thing economists were dead sure about -- the euro . 
  there was and is a consensus in the field that euro is an * extremely bad idea * in the way it was implemented , and it will cause huge problems . 
  yet everyone ignored them . 
  now we have greece . 
  if the largest economy in the world ( eu ) ignores the advice of people that are the most knowledgeable about the most important economic issue of the past two decades , who would n't get irritated ? 
  well , there are things we know beyond reasonable doubt . 
  even the theory of gravity is n't 100 % certain , only certain beyond reasonable doubt . 
  for all we know it might stop working exactly tomorrow at 3pm . 
  but some economists do feel irrefutably correct even about things that they can not possibly be certain beyond reasonable doubt about . 
  that 's a fault of the human ego , not specific only to economics . 
  though economics itself might inflate egos given that economic decisions determine the well being of billions of people . 
  literally life and death in many cases . 
  egos get stretched from those scales . 
  i think it goes deeper . 
  the entire tv series is a group hallucination of every subscriber to this subreddit !, 
  i heard something very similar . 
  and it 's such an enormously dangerous mindset for the populace to have when economics are the alpha and omega of the well being of billions !, 
  no need to get hypothetical , there were doctors proclaiming no adverse effects of cigarette smoking even when they had evidence to the contrary . 
  economics is n't treated as a hard science to my knowledge . 
  it 's treated as a subject threading the borderline between hard and soft science . 
  it 's not and can never be a full hard science , but it has much more `` hardness '' to it than psychology or sociology . 
  edit : to avoid confusion , some subsections of economics * are * treated as hard science , for example the law of supply and demand . 
  that is because these parts do n't deal with people , only maths . 
  do n't worry , i just open the appropriate episode discussions when i 'm behind . 
  now i finished 1.7 and holy shit !, 
  well , economics threads the line between soft and hard sciences i believe , because large chunks of it are purely maths . 
  mostly microeconomics , think of the law of supply and demand and such . 
  but overall , economics are closer to soft than to hard sciences , that much is agreed upon i believe . 
  why are you yelling ? 
  first off , economics is n't anything close to failure . 
  without economics we would be completely blind to the affairs that affect well being of billions of people . 
  economics is n't perfect , but it 's the best possible tool we can have right now . 
  and it 's very * significantly * better than nothing . 
  secondly , psychology is in further stages of development because there are billions of people you can do experiments with and new ones are born each day , and they react to the experiments in the matter of seconds to months . 
  but there are only handful of economies to do tests upon , they have been studied for roughly the last 200 years and they respond within years to decades . 
  again , they might appear so , but ask them whether they 're surer of the theory of gravity . 
  why do soft sciences scare you ? 
  notice i did n't mention econometrics , gdp et al are macroeconomics , which are very much soft science . 
  but large subsections of * micro * economics could be perceived as a hard science . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean , economic theory is entirely based on observation . 
  i believe the policy is that episode discussions have to be spoiler free of future episodes . 
  so i do n't worry , and it never failed me before . 
  did you get your own rat stick though ? 
  well , the parking garages in nyc are also * incredibly fucking expensive * though . 
  absolutely . 
  but you ca n't really expect the general population not to complain about those prices . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'm completely lost . 
  does believing that the general population is kinda stupid make me a fascist ? 
  if so , i indeed am . 
  why should n't stupid people have liberty and equality ? 
  and that 's not the implication at all . 
  i believe when you combine all the stupid together it mostly cancels each other out . 
  if you 're interested in this , i highly recommend this [ planet money podcast episode ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2015/08/07/430372183/episode-644-how-much-does-this-cow-weigh ) . 
  in the end i believe churchill had it right when he said :, 
   `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others . '', 
  how about next time you are n't so quick calling people fascist , eh ? 
  i did n't say everyone is stupid , i said that the general population is kinda stupid . 
  i provide no proof for this claim , it is my personal opinion . 
  the pm episode is about stupidity cancelling each other out . 
  and you did n't say that i have a `` stupid opinion '' , you called me a * fascist * , which is wholly different . 
  so how about you do n't do that from now on ? 
  exactly . 
  spacex is itself creating its own satellite division to boost the number of launches , why in the hell would they pay someone else to do their launches ? 
  that 's exactly what i just expressed in my comment . 
  i suggest you read it before you reply to it . 
  you seem like a lovely person . 
  i 'm not sad that you were not receptive to my opinion , not at all . 
  i 'm happy that you turned out to be so low to call me a fascist the second time , completely unprovoked , thus indicating you 're not worth my time . 
  have a good life , i 'm out . 
  good , resident parking passes completely ruin entire city boroughs , it 's incredibly stupid !, 
  the marshall plan is taught a lot , do n't worry . 
  i vote for [ i 'm my own grandpa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyljh81dsiw ) !, 
  the news organizations deal in headlines and drama , so you always got ta investigate a bit further . 
  on which of the colonies were we czechs then ? 
  touch\u00e9 :-d, 
  i do n't think he 's saying it 's inconsistent behaviour . 
  but instead that a large influential player like citigroup can announce that the world will hit recession , provide some plausible reasons for it , and thus influence the way people think -- make them less confident in the economy , and thus postpone purchases , loans , investments . 
  and thus , by announcing it , citigroup might actually create said recession in the first place . 
  it 's not a tinfoil theory at all .
