  now they 're forced to make a light version of the sence just for one quite old phone . 
  it might be wrong , but [ wikipedia says otherwise ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_wildfire ) . 
  it would n't actually make sense . 
  desire and wildfire were released during the same time roughly , and wildfire is the cheap cousin . 
  why would it get the update that way ahead ? 
  sticky piston can , watch the piston demonstration video . 
  not to me . 
  the resulting elevator will be able to move you just 12 blocks . 
  that 's too little . 
  true . 
  i do n't follow you , but here 's how it works :, 
  you build elevator by putting piston on piston on piston on piston . 
  however , the bottommost piston can push up only 12 blocks , so you can have only 13 pistons . 
  and when each piston extends , you gain height of 13 . 
  i do n't understand - how do you stagger pistons diagonally ? 
  you mean like a hidden stairs on side of a wall ? 
  cool , thanks !, 
  that 's brilliant . 
  that 's 33 % more . 
  do n't tell me it is n't quite a difference . 
  why ? 
  if it can push loot fallen from mobs , it 's a magnificent delivery system from a mob grinder for example . 
  there 's no equivalent as of yet , and it 's in great need . 
  only posibility now is water which must travel downwards . 
  to convey things on the same level , you need to be lucky to be able to develop ice under the water , or cheat . 
  and there 's no way to go up . 
  you 're being too humble !, 
  the sheep reminds me of some harvesting vehicle that could be used on arrakis :d, 
  i watched your grand piano video , and it was great !, 
  however , to the wiring problem you mentioned , how about make use of repeaters since they do n't interfere with each other . 
  you could power them by a solid block placed under the block with the pressure plate i think . 
  i would bet it would work - pressure plate powering the block beneath the block it 's on - but it really does n't . 
  sorry for that . 
  meh , i 'd like to be able to build a ship of my design , build a motor and/or sails and be able to sail the ship across wide oceans . 
  that 'd be sweet . 
  that 'd be sweet !, 
  it would make them significantly more compact . 
  and that would make it less of a challenge i feel . 
  i think this can be solved with a mod for those rare occasions where it 's necessary , like building the entire cpu . 
  there 's always hope . 
  and mods . 
  hope and mods . 
  underwater dragons ? 
  that 's why i keep a pool of water between the ceiling and the roof . 
  automatic fire extinguisher !, 
  this would make the 3-block-thick walls more friendly , for when you need a wire inside a wall !, 
  does n't to me . 
  well , i tested it so far only for use with the unprotected fireplace , and it worked like magic . 
  however i suppose if i lit the house from the side , it would burn down probably . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  i think they knew why they put him in . 
  and we 're here talking about it , so they made a good choice . 
  absolutely right . 
  this sole statistics says that bachelor degree is a more of a guarantee to success now then it was in the 70s . 
  i think ryegye24 just read it wrong by mistake . 
  i thought about that too , and while i think there might be something to that , i do n't think it 's entirely necessary . 
  the list of problems seems like an ordinary list of problems for an empire of this extent . 
  that 's one awesome topic of research !, 
  - michael scott, 
  boom goes the dynomite !, 
  i can attest to the brilliance of this program . 
  i do n't even know that i have it turned on , until i try turning it off - sudden blast to my eyes . 
  edit : gramma ' , 
  i think it was back when hl2 was released , but it is very big nowadays . 
  about a year ago , when i wanted to download hl2 deathmatch , it was roughly something like 300mb when i got some hl2 engine game , and about 6300mb when i did n't . 
  so i deduced hl2 engine must be about 6gb . 
  i play tf2 for about a year and a half . 
  true, 
  it does n't do czech , so fuck it , 
  i do n't think you 're agreeing with me here ... 
  me too , i do n't get why would anyone use the 20s option ... 
  dead ring , go back , backstab . 
  * bitch * . 
  yeah , however , if the spy on your team is a novice that does n't even make a backstab half his lives , a second , experienced , spy , that can do chain backstabs kilometers long , will be the great asset . 
  i could n't find any coal on my first 3 tries at minecraft ( i quit the world at the coming of night ) so i quit it for another half a year , when a friend got me to try again . 
  [ moustaches ? 
  ] ( http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/564322 ), 
  have you seen some american gangster films or tv series about cops ? 
  they 're not exaggerating very much ... 
  edit : that was a bit of exaggeration itself , 
  unless ... 
  planet of the apes . 
  fuck that . 
  i can attest to that . 
  no smoke from disguising while cloaked . 
  spy . 
  could i ask how is it with the enforcer and the dead ringer ? 
  i postponed buying till someone tells my if there really is the delay , since i would n't be able to play with it very well if it delayed the dead ringer . 
  and is there the 0.5 delay to open dead ringer watch , or is delayed the deployment of cloak , or is there no delay for the dead ringer caused by the enforcer ? 
  i 'm an european with state guaranteed 4 vacation weeks per year . 
  i did wish to live in the us when i was younger . 
  i do n't any longer . 
  we have to do research !, 
  poker face . 
  i 'm here over 1 year and i have n't seen this . 
  reposts are easily ignored . 
  stop bugging people . 
  i fixed this by using poweramp . 
  you may want to rethink that . 
  and plays by folders .
