  the author does n't even know how purchasing parity works for christ 's sake . 
  the article is a thorough dribble . 
  i agree in spirit , but it has a big problem : do we want the government to pick which projects get preferential treatment and which do n't ? 
  in theory that sounds great . 
  but show me any government agency that is so transparent and have n't been taken over by moneyed interest groups . 
  organizations funded by governments do what governments want or governments find a different organization to fund for that purpose . 
  i suspect you have n't been watching the news for a long time yet . 
  which next book ? 
  have n't this been done over and over and over and over and over and over and over again ? 
  most additional repositories only contain 32 and 64bit binary version of packages . 
  you either have to find a repo that has the armhf binary of neovim , or you have to compile it yourself . 
  if you do n't want to compile it by hand , you can try using [ linuxbrew ] ( http://linuxbrew.sh/ ) with this recipe : https://github.com/neovim/homebrew-neovim, 
  hm , then i 'm unsure . 
  maybe it 's for a different version of armhf or something ? 
  and did you run this line as the page says ? 
   sudo apt-get install build-essential curl git m4 ruby texinfo libbz2-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev libexpat-dev libncurses-dev zlib1g-dev, 
  hehe . 
  happens to the best of us , no worries . 
  bastards , i was waiting on that !, 
  good that i did n't buy in advance . 
  great game , terrible devs . 
  why did they use 3 engines ? 
  sounds like a bug , not a feature . 
  i guess the preferred solution is using tmux/screen on the server side . 
  if you want advanced features , install linux . 
  perfect , except i 'm imagining tony clifton as the running mate !, 
  mine was not having it . 
  i 'm now using alt + s, 
  i 'm baffled as well , / u/tankorsmash please respond !, 
  i 'm not so sure , this is the 2nd time i hear about using f/t to jump to a capital letter this week ... 
  the first time i dismissed it , but now ... 
  well , thanks for the clarification , and voil\u00e0 : https://github.com/bkad/camelcasemotion  it 's quite useful !, 
  if it was only an embrace ... 
  is it very problematic to implement ? 
  and is it on the roadmap ? 
  linuces run pretty well on arm processor afaik . 
  is caret better ( for you ) than native text editors on windows ? 
  i tried it and it looks intriguing . 
  you really do n't want a full hd display at these sizes . 
  thanks !, 
  you do remember this post is about sea level rise , right ? 
  for christ 's sake . 
  the cat would learn to drink from a bowl pretty quickly . 
  i bought my first shares this morning . 
  very happy over here !, 
  ... i had to comment to see my new flair in action . 
  i think they need a new approval for each landing , maybe even including environmental effects . 
  that could be the problem . 
  autopilots do n't grow on trees after all !, 
  i find that the underscore ( ` _ ` ) is the best separator , it 's extremely clear visually, 
  : % s _ / path/to/something _ / some/other/path _ g, 
  right back at ya !, 
  try cd ` ing to / etc and it 's subdirectories ans you 'll know . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  it 's not , people are making fun of it . 
  2016 -- the year of linux on desktop !, 
  glad to help !, 
  what ? 
  well , i think backspace is as useful if not more so . 
  and you should never be twisting your wrists !, 
  you should be hovering your hands over the keyboard , never resting them down , and when you need to reach a key , move the arm from the elbow while keeping your wrists straight . 
  could you tell me what exactly it means to `` curl one 's fingers '' in regards to typing position ? 
  i mean , i ca n't keep my fingers straight , right ? 
  that way i could n't keep them on home row , as they are all different lenghts , and i would n't be able to reach the top row at all !, 
  the fact that you should n't does n't in no way mean you do n't . 
  totally . 
  i got pretty bad rsi in my pinky after using capslock as control for a while . 
  i recommend using capslock as backspace , and remapping left alt as control so it can be pressed with the thumb . 
  if you do n't need fancy formatting , you can use [ simplenote.vim ] ( https://github.com/mrtazz/simplenote.vim ) . 
  though it probably wo n't work for simultaneous editing , but i 'm not sure . 
  same use as you . 
  but having ctrl on the capslock is just so darn convenient you end up using it a lot more . 
  also you use the pinky differently to hold the original ctrl position than the caps lock key , that is i think the reason for the problems . 
  you want to see whatever common people see ? 
  screw long and prosper !, 
  thank you !, 
  what about languages used by two or more different cultures ? 
  i kinda like esperanto , but ... yeah , it 's as made up as klingon ... 
  well , i 've learned english , french , i 'm on my way to mandarin and i dabble in german and spanish , so i 'm far from the `` monolingual english '' speaker that you feel is so patronizing . 
  but even i question your use of time . 
  you can certainly do whatever you want , but if you 've ever learned a language you know that it takes thousands of hours of training to get anywhere close to usable levels . 
  with that amount of commitment necessary you really should look into languages that have at least a semblance of some real world application , some real usage for you . 
  maybe instead of norwegian you take up swedish which has more than twice the amount of speakers and has better real world applications ? 
  is your language fetish really * that * specific that it has to be norwegian and swedish * just wo n't do * ? 
  i think you should smile less , a stern look would fit better !, 
  i think that ( at least without crossfeed ) the penalty for reusability for the falcon heavy is over 50 % due to the physics of 1 +2 core launch . 
  that 's why they are developing bfr as one single rocket . 
  i have n't heard anything about that !, 
  how is it ? 
  the entire it sector would completely break down without guides !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  we have no record of satoshi 's talk or much actions iirc , just forum posts and emails . 
  lol , very true . 
  my own theory is that satoshi nakamoto is/was/will be a time traveller from a distant future . 
  may the bitcoin jesus be with you !, 
  that 's not even close to being anything besides a hint that it might be him . 
  right . 
  gavin wants to believe so he sees all those things . 
  god damn people , are we all 5 years old ? 
  the human mind is extremely susceptible to suggestion , that 's why we do n't act on gut feelings !,
