  well , you claimed it as fact , i stated it simply as something i believe , therefore can not substantiate . 
  do you have a source on the fed ? 
  that could be proxy enough for our needs . 
  true , but boe is a governmental institution that does n't have to yield to the pressure . 
  and government itself answers to the voters of which many more are debtors than creditors . 
  interesting discussion , thanks . 
  please edit the link out so as not to dox my identity . 
  in the czech republic we speak the czech language and only a tiny fraction of classes are taught in english , which is why you did n't find anything . 
  as i argue in the other branch of this thread , he absolutely should . 
  but he 'd generate demand as well , so the industry would not collapse . 
  i believe situation in japan is more complex than just a simple deflation . 
  and if you can force inflation by qe , that will convince people to spend , since their money wo n't be worth more over time i believe . 
  is n't it taught at least in the history of economics classes ? 
  it was in my school . 
  and they were touched on , discussed and compared in other classes too . 
  it 's not like knowing about austrian economics is going to hurt your prospects . 
  the way i see it , clear success stories are hard to get . 
  since economics are n't an exact science because we ca n't perform experiments , there 's always doubt that what caused the desired results was n't the policy we thought it was , but something different . 
  that 's why i shy away of calling it success stories . 
  but i think that 's an issue of terminology . 
  can someone tell me why does the soyuz end up in * front * of the iss ? 
  it seems to me that if they did n't do the last burn , they could hit the iss . 
  like a true economist , 
  [ creed 's monologue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0cc5x_p5b8 ) was so touching , absolutely heart-warming . 
  that 's so hilariously idiotic !, 
  thanks for the laugh , 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  [ liquidity trap ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquidity_trap ) if anyone 's interested . 
  i think many sitcoms did n't have a laugh track , one example would be scrubs . 
  and by god , the laugh track in this one is horrendous . 
  incidentally ? 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  that 's an interesting point . 
  so you 're saying a car with a normal internal combustion engine would n't work on mars ? 
  interesting !, 
  how about other types of fuel ? 
  hydrogen for example ? 
  i disagree . 
  china is betting on being the next hegemon , the world superpower , what the us is today . 
  they count on having an extensive presence in space in the future , so they would n't harm themselves that way . 
  if anything , in case china really takes over in the future , the us as the descending hegemon could try doing that to level the playing field . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  world rightly in shock . 
  not an event , but pretty brutal - [ gulags ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag ) - soviet forced labour camps . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's much better than what was before . 
  well , the us government for sure . 
  americans just have trouble accepting that if the us government is completely broken , it does n't mean all others are too . 
  america # 1 . 
  i can absolutely feel this will be a very popular comment , 
  always separate cargo and passenger lines into different sets of tracks, 
  yes . 
  [ lawrence lessig : republic , lost : how money corrupts congress -- and a plan to stop it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik1ak56ftvc ), 
  there are only 160 countries in the un ? 
  yeah . 
  i find the map really confusing since it uses the same colour for countries that did n't vote but could and for countries that are not in the un at all ( taiwan , western sahara , ... ) . 
  except , is she a mom ? 
  how is this a thing you were unaware of ? 
  well , i 'm hoping they might read it here . 
  they 're obviously out of their own ideas , so they should be looking for them around . 
  risk taker , not an idiot . 
  you got those downvotes because your post seems like trolling . 
  where the hell are you from that guys do n't talk about breasts ? 
  and where do you fall on the man/woman spectrum ? 
   it gives the impression that boobs influence how much straight guys like tv series . 
  ever heard of the game of thrones ? 
  or hbo in general ? 
  kinsey scale is for sexuality not for gender . 
  [ it 's not porn ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eubioox0pxw ) :-d, 
  needs more sas , 
  i think it will also veer to the side a bit in real world so as to avoid anything flying straight . 
  why ? 
  i did n't mind him at all . 
  the question is whether they should be counted if it was even possible . 
  torrenting users do n't watch ads or pay for cable subscription . 
  and that 's the whole selling point of tv shows . 
  not really . 
  torrenting was n't really widespread until after voyager by my humble estimation . 
  so enterprise might be a bit skewed , but the rest is fine . 
  and even if torrenting was popular throughout , the graphs would still be of value , since the values would indicate the actual popularity relative between those shows still well . 
  we just would n't know the absolute popularity . 
  as i said , it only could have affected enterprise . 
  voyager ended in 2001 , and first torrent client was released in 2001 . 
  me too , i used to watch it as a kid , 
  there 's no shame in fail off !, 
  not to mention that dalai lama is part only of tibetan buddhism , which is only a small regional religion as far as i know . 
  funnily enough , `` in russia '' they launch in [ kazakhstan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baikonur_cosmodrome ) . 
  ocean or some other country , same thing , 
  i do n't think she wanted someone handsome . 
  she was looking for an emotional connection . 
  someone to share the time with , someone who understood what she 's going through . 
  and frank was at the right place at the right time . 
  i do n't like it , but i think you 're right . 
  it 's shameless , after all . 
  hm , i have n't heard the first words of gagarin or leonov . 
  do you know what they were ? 
  quick googling gives me nothing . 
  i actually like it a lot more without the `` a '' , it 's more chilling . 
  i 'm not sure i see that . 
  if it 's his first word in space , it does n't really make sense , and if it was said before launch , it seems very ordinary .
