  that 's what done her in i think , it got personal . 
  petrov has been * stellar * so far . 
  '' * your wife was right on the phone . 
  plus she was boring and tiring to watch most of the time . 
  unlike her crimelord husband . 
  but she was right , she did make him president . 
  he would n't make it there without her . 
  they are in a symbiotic relationship . 
  she was just trying to come up with some rationalization . 
  can you make a concrete accusation ? 
  because i do n't see it , really . 
  people are bitching about someone going against the protagonist of the show , that 's what this thread is for . 
  when she pushed frank to appoint her to the job of the ambassador , she said she has what it takes . 
  and now she showed how untrue those words were . 
  that action was an act of a passionate hothead , absolutely not an act of a senior diplomat . 
  i can sympathize with her feelings , but i absolutely ca n't sympathize with her actions . 
  she acted extremely inappropriately and destroyed an important peace deal that could have saved countless lives . 
  he also would n't get so close to the walkers in season 2 and literally would n't become president . 
  do n't forget that . 
  i do n't see comments calling her a bitch ( but i do n't scroll all the way down , true ) . 
  or how would you call a senior us diplomat with the un that ca n't seem to be able to not act based upon their immediate feelings and urges ? 
  for christ 's sake you ca n't put spoilers in here !, 
  and i 'm certain it can end up being good by accident , but it sure as hell was a hothead move . 
  for crying out loud , this is episode 6 , you 're putting spoilers in here !, 
  twice !, 
  anyhow , again , i 'd like to see concrete accusations instead of these empty blanket statements . 
  reddit is not a monolith , let 's argue with people , not condemn a community . 
  and edit your first spoiler post as well please !, 
  i disagree , there is intimacy between them . 
  he does n't scold her , because he respects her , he feels she is his near-equal . 
  and a burp !, 
  such a charming gentleman , 
  frank is the one man that has been always kind to him . 
  that 's the kind of perspective that does n't lend itself to seeing someone 's flaws or true side i think . 
  freddy just knows he will always be on the lower rang and is being realistic about his grandson . 
  a person can do anything , but that person is one in a million . 
  a young poor black kid without parents has some serious adversity facing him . 
  there 's one samsung floating around , i think seth 's or remy 's . 
  she 's a politician . 
  i thought the knee thing was very symbolic . 
  he was always kinda like frank 's loyal dog . 
  question : are you two native speakers ? 
  i 'm not , but it seems to me like a very common expression , turning tricks . 
  not gay , franksexual !, 
  i believe he 's a [ psychopath ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychopathy ) rather than a sociopath . 
  a psychopath is a person that does have emotions , but their empathy and remorse are diminished . 
  that 's exactly frank . 
  and i do n't think the writer will go against frank , they are kindred spirits . 
  but his relationship with the reporter will inadvertently lead to trouble . 
  and seth or remy has a samsung , i forget which . 
  i get what you 're trying to say , but i think you should reread the rules of chess , 
  lbj is the unofficial role model of the underwoods , 
  if we actually lived in the show 's universe , i think nobody would vote frank knowing what we do . 
  he * is * a tyrant . 
  but since we 're just observing , he 's * our * tyrant !, 
  and tusk would have a momentous laugh . 
  that man would never trust frank ever again . 
  i disagree , dunbar is very weak . 
  she refuses to dirty herself even a tiny bit , basically she 's too clean to play politics . 
  that 's not a trait that leads to an effective president . 
  she would n't get anything past the congress and end up being even lamer than jimmy carter . 
  * had, 
  that 's a very human thing to feel . 
  but my opinion is different . 
  let 's face the facts , america right now needs someone who can change things , improve things . 
  to make a legacy for himself . 
  that 's everything frank wants to do . 
  he wo n't murder you personally , and you 'll benefit from a strong leader guiding the country through hardship . 
  america right now needs more fd roosevelts and less jimmy carters . 
  a sociopath/psychopath/murderer poses few problems if his interests are aligned with yours . 
  one example of that would be elite units in the military . 
  it 's very harsh opinion , and very far from the image of an ideal world , but the world is what it is . 
  i understand that such realpolitik is too much for many to swallow , so do n't feel ashamed of downvoting to your heart 's content . 
  or almost every president after a few years on the job . 
  absolutely , and my belief is that monarchies and dictatorships are the best form of government with a great , highly competent ruler . 
  look at history . 
  problem is , if the ruler is n't competent , you ca n't replace him . 
  in this scenario , you can . 
  so it 's a win-win . 
  think of augustus , hadrian or marcus aurelius , think of maria theresa of austria . 
  if you study chess , they teach you that every piece except for the king is there to fight . 
  you should never be afraid to lose the queen if it gets you victory . 
   ordinary whining woman, 
  let 's not lower the discussion with comments like these please . 
  that 's a very patronizing comment . 
  must we lower the discussion such ? 
  very thought-out response . 
  evidently not , hence my comment . 
  she wants power for herself . 
  i think she should run for congress . 
  * but * , if frank loses her chances will be severely diminished . 
  if she stuck with him through the likely re-election , she could have launched her own career afterwards . 
  a real independent career , not having herself nominated to the un . 
  that depends . 
  i think both the writers of the show * and frank * appreciate not having to run for re-election twice . 
  the show ca n't be that long , and if frank was eligible for a third term and did n't run , he 'd be perceived weak , which would not leave a good legacy . 
  and we can all see how presidency and the campaign is wearing him down . 
  and her chances will diminish greatly if the world finds out she left her husband in the middle of the election . 
  doubly so if he loses because of it . 
  not just her , frank too .
