  that 's amazingly brilliant !, 
  did n't know that , cool . 
  it 's not that hot though , you can write just `` parts '' of the app in c , because you have to start it using java and in c you do n't have access to the android apis . 
  unboated for upboat . 
  why do you dislike them people ? 
  they 're boats , they 're up !, 
  the best kind of boats . 
  yeah , but they 're horrible , just quitting one for possible django development . 
  fake chomsky : in soviet russia ... 
  i miss soviet russia . 
  yup , it 's pretty standard app , but it 's not on the fresh rom . 
  i think so too . 
  i 'm too spoiled by railscasts to listen to an mp3 :-), 
  can somebody confirm this ? 
  no , i do n't see any way that would apply . 
  no year can beat 1994, 
  i do n't see any reason to write this other than posing . 
  from such quick shots of each movie you ca n't say anything about them . 
  some of them were quite awesome . 
  yeah , but you ca n't bet trio of shawshank , gump and pulp fiction , nothing beats that in my book . 
  nothing beats the trio of shawshank , gump and pulp fiction in my book . 
  i do n't understand , what 's so intereting about slicing flying fruit ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  you made me laugh . 
  thank you :-), 
  so what ? 
  600 + people liked it , what does it matter that you seen it before ? 
  problem is , they described his kill ritual very deeply . 
  he 's not a person to change a ritual , and showing it again and again is just not a possibility . 
  so they dropped it for more interesting stuff to the viewer . 
  while downvoting you to teach you good measures - i hate the useless repost comments - you seem to have missed that this comment actually provides a useful information - the original video is of much better quality than the one posted . 
  one of the best documentaries i 've ever seen . 
  very interesting and insigtful !, 
  * ** jonathan livingston seagull ** by richard bach, 
  very lovely little book , full of inspiration and awe . 
  it will uplift you to the skies :-), 
  happy birthday to you . 
  why should i switch from eclipse to this ? 
  nope . 
  i like camp jordan, 
  viz http://www.reddit.com/r/dexter/comments/emvwy/when_does_rdexter_designate_a_barrel_girls_trophy/c19azra, 
  in my country , the communist regime was overthrown by a student protest . 
  [ velvet revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/velvet_revolution ), 
  you almost killed me :d :d, 
  no , it 's just not true . 
  updates do n't move the app . 
  no they do n't , at least for my unrooted desire they do n't . 
  is that for phones that do n't run android 2.2 , or does it somehow overperform the android tether ? 
  yeah , but show me a scenario where you do n't bring your phone . 
  maybe pool + waterproof tablet ? 
  nothing else comes to mind :-), 
  the only place to leave your phone and wallet is at home . 
  and there 's wifi there :-), 
  my question was : given that i have android 2.2 with wireles tethering build into the system itself and working perfectly , is the app `` wireless tether '' somehow better , or is it aimed at phones who do n't run android 2.2 ? 
  ps : sorry not to react on your nicely typed response , but i did n't catch most of it :-), 
  ah that , that 's not an issue with me , i 'm with t-mobile here in the czech republic , i think they may have some policy about tethering , but they would n't know how to set up the android os to do the same as the us carriers , so no restrictions :-), 
  considering mac filter , i do n't know , i think i do n't need it , password protection seems to cut it for me . 
  but the gauge it has not though . 
  then it must be either cm or hero , i 'm running unrooted htc desire and nothing moves with updates , even more - apps are installing themselves on the sd card sometimes . 
  also not a partition just a folder on the sd card . 
  i have enabled that little hack that let 's you move any app to the sd card , not just those that have it enabled , it might be that . 
  also sorry for the offence there , your mileage of course may vary . 
  i 'd say in central europe - czech republic and slovakia are on the same schedule . 
  although we do n't call him santa , but saint nicolas . 
  this . 
  i just ca n't fathom this . 
  what a cruel society that lets its sick people suffer and go bankrupt . 
  i strongly believe that health care is a human right , just like breathing . 
  very delightful , thank you !, 
  well , android apps are written in java , so they were forced to rewrite vlc to java ( from c i presume ) , but the latest update of android permits the use of native c code in java applications , so they can write the app in java , but have the codecs in c , saved hell of a lot of time . 
  oh , sorry , i guess i misremembered when they released it . 
  but from beta level ? 
  can you provide a reference ? 
  i would n't call it sarcasm , just sad truth . 
  no , my guess is his daddy loved him very much :-), 
  i mean seriously , why would you cancel your card ? 
  you preordered , so it 's up to them to charge you for cancellation or not , but this is just a bad course of action . 
  also , i think you 'll be sorry for not preordering , i think it 'll sell as hell and you 'll have to wait longer for canceling . 
  yup , we do think that . 
  i 'd guess all western world except the us itself . 
  that 's exactly right , why the `` heh '' ? 
  did you type those non-latin characters ? 
  here in czech republic , the most beer drinking nation , beer is always cheaper than sprite , cola and such . 
  it 's usually even cheaper than kid 's lemonade :-), 
  is that true ? 
  why the fuck ? 
  who cares ? 
  i just do n't like restrictions on the internet . 
  i mildly remember i seen one of those once somewhere :d, 
  could i inquire how does one licence something under copyleft ? 
  do you declare it in an email to wikipedia , or put it on your website or something ? 
  interesting , thank you :-), 
  shut up , meg . 
  exactly , upvotes speak for themselves . 
  however this guy did nice research on the reposts , upvoted :-), 
  especially the dirty bomb and bomber jets scare me quite a bit . 
  especially combined . 
  they met at the big yellow joint, 
  also : majestic bananas !, 
  suit down !,
