  where can one watch the lobster ? 
  i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  to listen to bad ass-music of course . 
  well , stop talking out of your ass and ... plug-in . 
  space rockets love nights and darkness . 
  they might have daymares though . 
  she regrets it . 
  that means she 's not entirely bad . 
  damn , it 's far less awesome from this angle . 
  why ? 
  well then , why not study latin ? 
  well , call me a cold pragmatist , but i think spending thousands of hours learning a language that 's spoken only by 1 million people on a small island is time wasted unless you have some really compelling reason . 
  sure , but i 'm really baffled why you would be enjoying learning particularly sardinian , and not say , italian instead . 
  unless you have some really compelling reason to like this particular language , of course . 
  useful languages are also enjoyable to learn . 
  beautiful comment . 
  i have fascination with lesser-spoken languages all right , but absolutely not enough fascination to dedicate thousands of hours to it . 
  yes , i am learning languages for the fun of it , but also because it opens up a whole another culture to enjoy . 
  learning such a small language has very little pay off . 
  so why not study a very similar language , say italian , that has a huge pay off ? 
  the fun of learning is the same . 
  yes , i feel like it 's interesting to know why a person feels compelled to learn a language with such little pay-off comparably to other languages . 
  i 'm not criticizing op for choosing sardinian , i 'm just fascinated that he did , and thus i asked . 
  but of course , you are not required to participate in this `` circle jerk '' as you say ( many would say `` conversation '' ) , yet you chose to involve yourself anyway . 
  absolutely , but with 100 million speakers the motivation to learn that language is obvious , so the question `` why ? '', 
  does n't really have a place . 
  however , with a language of 1 million speakers , the question `` why ? '', 
  is very interesting . 
  what motivates op to chose exactly this language , instead of thousands others ? 
  what makes him so motivated to dedicate thousands of hours to it ? 
  maybe he has relatives there ? 
  maybe he thinks sardinian culture is unique in some way ? 
  there are many possible reasons , so i asked . 
  ca n't you install chrome ( ium ) , flash , skype and spotify from rpmfusion ? 
  i thought it was something like aur on arch linux , which contains basically everything you can think of . 
  i want to give fedora a chance , but that damn aur is so bloody comfortable !, 
   while there were negative impacts , american cities became resurgent even with these constructions present . 
  compare european cities and american cities to see how resurgent they could have been . 
  i was just checking if someone posted it . 
  good . 
  did you , really ? 
  i just realized that !, 
  britcoms really need to up the number of episodes per season . 
  at least to 10 !, 
   `` catastrophe '' season 2 kicked off on october 27 , 2015 , and its debut drew 1.43 million viewers , as mentioned above . 
  the following episodes have attracted 1.43 and 1.50 million viewers , respectively . 
  furthermore , the second series as well as this first series has received mostly favorable reception by critics and viewers . 
  ** taking into account impressive television ratings and quite positive reception from critics and viewers , we have every reason to believe that channel 4 intends to renew their acclaimed sitcom , and , thus , `` catastrophe '' season 3 would take place . 
  * however , we 'd prefer to wait for the official announcement * . 
  god i hope they renew it , this show is absolutely epic !, 
  if isis actually builds a real fighting army , it 's the best thing that could have happened to us . 
  we can defeat real armies with incredible ease . 
  it 's the guerilla fighting and terrorist cells that we do n't know how to effectively counter . 
  of course , they 're your relatives . 
  but would you save every person on earth that currently is in war zone ? 
  sure , if magic worked , then yeah . 
  how about in the real world though ? 
  would you bring hundreds of millions of poor people with vastly different cultures and religions into your own country right now ? 
  it would cost a lot , but it 's technically doable . 
  i think even you can be objective . 
  would you like that your dad to have immigrated to the us along with say 800 million other people poor from warzones ( many of which were the ones killing people ) and thus doom usa to the same fate as the country he emigrated from ? 
  shit !, 
  outsourcing ? 
  shit man , that 's harsh . 
  how are you doing ? 
   it 's the people that have been here for fifteen years that i feel bad for . 
  they do n't have much of a chance of getting a similar job elsewhere . 
  why do you think so ? 
  bad rep of the company ? 
  well , it could have been the other grandma !, 
  you should absolutely try [ catastrophe ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4374208/ ) !, 
  we 're humans , it 's our nature to endeavour to go further and deeper !, 
  the reasons matter not !, 
  i always wondered how they chose the dalai lama . 
  do they pick the quietest baby ? 
  or do they go by face similar to the last reincarnation ? 
  plethora of possibilities . 
  and they accept only entrants that have appeared on toddlers & tiaras . 
  rip in peace . 
  why the hell does he go around the bend with each single bullet ? 
  seems he could have lifted it a bit and put it down again much easier . 
  ah , thanks !, 
  solid shit . 
  it 's called a civil war . 
  maybe a new spin on it . 
  remember , they might have been technically `` enslaved '' , but most of them did n't realize it . 
  they were given positions of power , weapons , and a free reign to fuck shit up as they please . 
  many of them probably liked it , most of then got used to it . 
  they wo n't suddenly turn into saints when you tell them they 're now `` free '' . 
  same here . 
  it really walks the line . 
  it really does n't . 
  my guess is they do n't have the highest `` rate of failure '' . 
  large amounts of kids just do n't even try high school because they live in rural provinces . 
  india was n't polled . 
  why ? 
  10 % is pretty acceptable . 
  every battle of earth was breathtaking . 
  why did n't sgc use any vehicles ? 
  the sg teams did really a lot of pointless walking that could have been alleviated by a small jeep .
