  and by the looks of it , nobody in germany has any idea how to get rid of her , since her party is as right as you can go without being called a nazi . 
  fun times ahead . 
  i think you 're stuck with a view of the old merkel , the merkel that have n't had a sudden gust of feelings and decided to make taking care of mena immigrants her legacy . 
  has she budged on this topic at all ? 
  i 've been watching it very closely , and i believe she has not . 
  she is spending all her political capital just to see this thing through , for better or for ... 
  see ? 
  it was n't that hard . 
  have a good life !, 
  who is that ? 
  white of dover ? 
  jordan who ? 
  the validity of the message aside , i really appreciate how beautifully and clearly the idea is depicted . 
  i loved the both the content and the choice of the form as a remake of modern major general , but the performance itself was lacklustre . 
  there comes a point when a man must ask : are n't my expectation a * bit * too high ? 
  i support him on patreon as well !, 
  i agree he 's totally on a roll !, 
  cheerio !, 
  is there some better place to go ? 
  like truebooks or something ? 
  i follow r/printsf and it 's pretty good . 
  i just speed up . 
  well , it can still be o ( 1 ) for a sufficiently high value of 1 !, 
  if only there was a song we could rally behind [ . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bor38552mja ), 
  completely agree . 
  the wire is the closest show to treme , it is from the same creator after all . 
  the wire is n't great because a lot of things happen in it , if you remember they did n't even solve most of their cases . 
  what makes these two shows such cinematographic gems is their ability to take you along for the ride . 
  if you want to * know * new orleans ( and it really is worth it ) , you have only two options : go live there for several years , or watch this show . 
  thank you very much for your answer !, 
  it touches on the point i 'm confused about . 
  why ca n't you extract energy just from heat ? 
  not from the heat difference , but from the heat itself ? 
  after all , to heat something up you need to add energy . 
  and heat itself is a kinetic energy of the individual particles iirc . 
  is there some physical law that says you ca n't extract energy from heat ? 
  what do you mean by `` faces sliced open to collect saliva '' ? 
  but that only works because of the temperature difference . 
  you ca n't use it on venus for example . 
  sorry for the layman question , but why did n't / could n't you become an officer ? 
  that 's quite brutal . 
  what is exactly the requirement for officers , if i may ask ? 
  any college degree ? 
  say a bachelor in literature will do ? 
  could one , for example , get some degree from some college diploma mill and apply as an officer ? 
  well , we can use some forms of kinetic energy , e.g. 
  regenerative breaking . 
  could n't we , using some advanced technology , use/harvest thermal energy as well ? 
  of course !, 
  my questions is about this exactly . 
  can you use the thermal energy of an object to do useful work and thus cool it down in the process ? 
  thanks !, 
  so for enlisted they 'll take almost anyone , but for officer they select the best in the academy ? 
  that 's not using the thermal energy or temperature of an object . 
  that 's just normal fuel . 
  what i mean is : you have a large object that has say 100 \u00b0 c , you somehow use the kinetic energy contained in the motion of the particles that make up this object to propel a car , and the object loses temperature . 
   that is precisely how engines which run on `` normal fuel '' work !, 
  i understand that , but it 's not at all what i was asking about . 
  these engines still need some temperature difference to work . 
  thank you , that is exactly the answer i was looking for !, 
  so , the physics law that forbids this energy conversion is the second law of thermodynamics ? 
  could there possibly be any way around that in the future ? 
  something like the alcubierre drive that skirts the theory of relativity ? 
  i might have formulated myself badly , i 'm sorry . 
  i 'm still trying to find how to best formulate the problem . 
  nevertheless , this is not what i 'm asking about . 
  thank you so much !!, 
  this is * exactly * what was bugging me for the past month , and i could n't for the life of me figure out how to ask about it correctly !, 
  absolutely fascinating stuff , i 'll go read about it some more !, 
  thanks again !, 
  if you actually looked at the results instead of being mr. smart ass , you 'd realise that the none of the links actually contain a good answer to the question , except the 3rd link ... which is a link to this very thread !, 
   what about the first result ? 
  yes , i 've read it and no it does not contain the answer i was hoping for . 
  i almost gave up , because i read it all , and nothing answered my question . 
  thankfully mangoman51 finally did !, 
   i mean , based on your other posts i think you just like the attention . 
  fuck you . 
  if you 're referring to my previous posts about this very questions , i went through several iterations before i figured out how to formulate the questions i had in my mind . 
  i 'd like to reiterate point 1 . 
  maybe do n't berate others for asking questions ? 
  ok , i 'll pretend you 're not abrasive : at first i had no idea even how to formulate the question , i started with a basic `` how can we utilise this global warming heat for good '' . 
  i googled for a long time , that went absolutely nowhere . 
  then i spend a lot of time reading wikipedia and googling so i could find the core physics problem that was bugging me . 
  i still could n't find anything so i tried to ask on / r/askscience , where while discussing with people who again did n't understand what i was asking for , i finally struck upon gold and realized the question i wanted to really ask . 
  this is a culmination of several weeks of work . 
  thank you again for taking the time . 
  i was slowly going mad from not being able to find an answer to this question for weeks . 
  for anyone confused as i was , i believe this is from vichy france . 
  i think the series should be watched in reverse order , start with the finale and end with the first episode of the miniseries . 
  it makes the show a lot more like memento . 
  here 's the interactive map showing the local temperatures after a 4 degree celsius global temperature rise . 
  here 's the interactive map showing the local temperatures after a 4 degree celsius global temperature rise . 
  here 's the interactive map showing the local temperatures after a 4 degree celsius global temperature rise . 
  here 's the interactive map showing the local temperatures after a 4 degree celsius global temperature rise . 
  here 's the interactive map showing the local temperatures after a 4 degree celsius global temperature rise . 
  here 's the interactive map showing the local temperatures after a 4 degree celsius global temperature rise . 
  still not remotely in tesla 's court . 
   the moon blew up without warning and for no apparent reason . 
  the first sentence of the book .
