  and nobody is saying there wo n't be brakes , they just wo n't have to use them as heavily . 
  because to a large extent it looks too good to be true . 
  the basic tech might be there , but the ad embellishes it a lot . 
  yeah , the drop out rate is incredible . 
  makes sense . 
  fun fact : the name `` istanbul '' actually comes from the greek phrase meaning `` in the city '' . 
  it was the unofficial name for constantinople way before the turkish conquest , the turks just made it official , 
  he 's peaking of course . 
  the jews . 
  a collision with a bike is orders of magnitude less destructive though . 
  and people with headphones putting themselves in danger is also a bad argument . 
  i believe the delta v necessary would be miniscule in comparison to the delta v necessary to ascend to orbit . 
  source : the closeness of the orbits , and my ksp experience , 
  actually yes . 
  but remember that the iss is not on equatorial plane , it 's highly inclined . 
  and it 's point of inclination varies as earth rotates around the sun . 
  so they can place a few satellites there , i think . 
  you might be welsh . 
  at first i thought you were bullshitting , but sure enough , here 's an excerpt from [ www.government.nl ] ( http://www.government.nl/issues/drugs/toleration-policy-regarding-soft-drugs-and-coffee-shops ) :, 
   the netherlands has a policy of toleration regarding soft drugs . 
  this means that the sale of soft drugs in coffee shops is a criminal offence but the public prosecution service does not prosecute coffee shops for this offence . 
  seriously though , the country is the netherlands , never holland . 
  holland is just one of its provinces . 
  fuck you too , buddy ;-), 
  i think you 're joking , but i 'm not sure . 
  i really do n't think that is correct . 
  well , it * is * possible to make [ real films ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110081/ ) . 
  though the director often gets time for it . 
  for this one , thankfully , zhang yimou was only forbidden from film making for 3 years . 
  well , i loved him satirizing himself on south park !, 
  yeah , that never works , it strangles innovation making the service undesirable when the ports are opened . 
  i think you 've replied to the wrong message . 
  will they ? 
  i hardly doubt it . 
  the kind of protected environment they are currently in is famous in history at producing sub-par products . 
  russia had a protected market , and when the soviet system collapsed , do you think anybody wanted russian cars/fridges/television / etc ? 
  absolutely nobody . 
  so , what china is doing now is making it easy for these companies , they know they have no competition in china , so why would they innovate ? 
  push new things ? 
  they do n't need to . 
  they roughly cover the users needs , and they 're good with that . 
  except , outside of china , they have to compete with google , microsoft , and all the other companies , not mentioning opensource . 
  they could succeed outside of china too , if they motivate themselves to really be better than the competition . 
  sadly , that never happens , because they know they can do almost nothing and still have all of china . 
  well , this sub is primarily a circlejerk . 
  and this is great for that !, 
  corruption . 
  that 's because they 're so superior !, 
  [ yellow journalism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yellow_journalism ) . 
  an irish goodbye ? 
  i think that 's a perfect and very realistic ending for mandy . 
  i know we would have liked to see her sent off properly , but that would corrupt the show . 
  that 's exactly to point of introducing drachma - print shitloads of money so as to incur massive deflation , making the business and tourism in the country boom !, 
  do you have any sources for that ? 
  i find it hard to believe . 
  in all dimensions, 
  how do you know ? 
  for one , the yesterday dispute indicates the relationship is n't all that friendly :, 
   in 2000 mccartney asked yoko ono if she would agree to change the credit on the song to read `` mccartney -- lennon '' in the beatles anthology , but she refused . 
  actually , the article you cited reads completely differently . 
   yoko ono refused , and subsequently all 20 beatles songs appearing on mccartney 's latest live album , back in the us , were reversed to mccartney-lennon . 
  at one point yoko ono was said to be considering legal action over the issue . 
  that 's was a pretty hostile move against yoko by mccartney , indicating that they quite disliked each other at that time . 
   however , speaking to the sunday herald newspaper , mccartney said he had resigned himself to letting the original credits remain on future recordings . 
  he never said it was a stupid request - and it is n't , yesterday was written practically completely by mccartney , so why have lennon as the first name ? 
  he only said he wo n't fight it any more , because he does n't want to tarnish his image by this feud . 
   mccartney has denied that there is a deep rift between himself and lennon 's widow . 
  he said they sent christmas cards to one another , and he considered her a distant relative . 
  denying bad blood is something all celebrities do , he likely does n't want to wash his dirty laundry in public . 
  christmas cards and `` distant relative '' are a great way to avoid the question . 
  most people have relatives they dislike , and you can send a communication only through christmas cards indicates that . 
  yes , but the speed you chose to take them has great bearing on this number . 
  the faster you breathe the greater chance you have of your lungs fatiguing and/or failing , thus ending your life prematurely . 
  the faster you breathe the more breaths you will take in your life . 
  so through breathing you can influence the number of breaths you will take , but also very likely slightly shorten or prolong your life . 
  the question to `` how many breaths will i take in my life '' can only be answered after you die , because now you can still influence the answer . 
  well , that boils down to the essential question of deterministic universe . 
  if the universe is deterministic as you say , there is no free will . 
  and i refuse to live in such a universe , 
  also , if you believe in such a universe , you have worded the question very badly :, 
   but , the speed that i choose to take them has no bearing on this number . 
  the speed you take the breaths does have strong bearing on the number . 
  but in your deterministic universe there is no free will , therefore you have can not make a choice , it 's already been made . 
  i think you 're trying to have the cake and eat it too . 
  either you can chose the breathing speed , and then it has bearing , or you ca n't chose at all , and the statement makes no sense . 
  which currencies will become worthless and why ? 
  apart from rubble . 
  exactly . 
  china knows it will grow into power , why try to threaten that ? 
  there is if the `` winning '' is ruining your country . 
  is my judgment off , or did you not achieve orbit ? 
  that looks well into the atmo . 
  well i hope that 's not how spacex does it , 
  but there 's no chance it will become `` worthless '' . 
  exactly . 
  and you do n't subsidize ev cars so they are on par with ice vehicles . 
  you subsidize to get more people to buy them . 
  the relative price does n't really matter . 
  absolutely , 100 % . 
  that only disincentivises switching to cleaner alternatives .
