  only the most intelligent individuals survived and stayed with judaism . 
  edit : people , this is r/foodforthought , please at least in this last heaven of reddit , read the rediquette . 
  downvote comments only for irrelevance , not for disagreement . 
  hm , that 's surely an interesting view . 
  so you 're saying it 's not genetics , but upbringing and education ? 
  i think it might be a big contributing factor . 
  i 'm just not sure how much of a difference can it make . 
  17 iq points seems too big just from upbringing . 
  when you look at brothers of any family , you can see quite a range of capabilities and success in life . 
  the upbringing and education was the same ( until the brothers started to differ ) , so i infer genetics has to play a large part in this . 
  well , that depends . 
  the judaic gene pool now contains a large part of the `` good genes '' and a very small part of the `` bad/stupid genes '' . 
  if we consider that the people do n't tend to breed outside their group very much , then even if the selection for good genes no longer continues ( they can be farmers now , etc. ), 
  the good/bad gene proportion will very likely stay about the same . 
  so possibly another hundreds of years ? 
  however , i might be mistaken on the breeding outside their group thing , that 's just what i think is happening from anecdotal evidence , you might have a better insight , what do you think ? 
  blew my mind too . 
  the . 
  hello , how are you there ? 
  true , manhattan is god damned long . 
  it is bound to happen some day though . 
  i have res , so i know how many up/downvotes i get, 
  i edited only after the score of the comment went to -5 . 
  technically i did not complain , i merely pointed out one rediquette rule . 
  no , i mean , perhaps they were forced to hide their faith because they could n't survive on those high skill jobs , and had to farm . 
  and by hiding , their faith might have slowly disappeared and they merged with the general populace . 
  for instance . 
  i would n't rule that out either . 
  however , i do n't think it 's likely . 
  how would you explain the brothers `` paradox '' ? 
  i 'd say a parking garages , 
  and then you saw off your arm ... 
  lives can be extended , humanity can invent new learning tools that fill your head with whole medical school in minutes . 
  however , i know what you mean , but you 're using the wrong term . 
  * practically limitless * , that 's what you mean . 
  almost infinite is both an oxymoron and not what you 're referring to . 
  that 's very highly speculative . 
  in america perhaps , but in europe ? 
  sure they will . 
  the proposition of equality is held high in most countries here . 
  also , [ singularity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technological_singularity ) will completely change everything , so it 's impossible to say . 
  i have to stand up for this opinion . 
  i 'm from a rather small country of czech republic in europe , here you see a black person maybe two times a month . 
  so i 'm not bombarded with multiracial ads and culture . 
  and i do n't find black women very sexy , i just do n't . 
  the people i 've spoken to here about it generally tend to have the same opinion . 
  so , there 's that . 
  i 've even been to the us for about a month ( ny , chicago , washington , new orleans , ... ) and was n't very interested in the black women i saw . 
  i 'd argue that in the example of germany that it 's the novelty thing . 
  they do n't see black men much , so when one comes along they are fascinated , some even want to try it with a black guy at least once in a while . 
  they too watch american television , you all are supposed to have meter long members , which is how black men are so often presented . 
  than your mind is not trapped in the politically correct culture , you 're free . 
  if i find someone attractive based on his intelligence , wealth , sense of humour , position in society , etc. 
  then my opinions are morally wrong ? 
  i 'd say you did n't even think this through , and by the way , people 's attraction is none of your business whatsoever . 
  i think you should pay your taxes you owe the state which takes care of you throughout all your life , and then donate to charities of your own choosing . 
  or move to other state with lower taxes , if you 're a libertarian . 
  yours gives you wars for it . 
  sometimes more than one at the same time !, 
  give credit where credit is due . 
  you do n't live in those countries . 
  you live in a country that provides for you ( canada ) , you owe them taxes for services rendered . 
  it does n't matter that you disagree , if you do , change something , run for congress , vote differently . 
  it 's about numbers . 
  attracted to one `` weird lookin fellow '' , but being surrounded with them might not be to their liking . 
  i personally do n't care , i 've been to the diversity that is ny a few times , and loved it . 
  one vote does n't count , so no vote does n't count , right ? 
  if there 's more people that would like less spending , there 's gon na be less spending . 
  plus especially in israel , i 'd pay taxes for the army that keeps arabs off my lawn , 
  wrong subreddit . 
  i 'm curious , how much can you get if you run it on a intel i5 desktop , 4gb ram , geforce 450 for an hour ( or day/week/month whatever you can guess better ) roughly ? 
  any rough estimate you can give me will do . 
  those people also have computers ... 
  could you translate that into at least some order of magnitude of monthly pay ? 
  from what i found somewhere , it 's about 1 bitcoin/month , at which price i 'm not sure how it would be economical for people to mine . 
  i might have highjacked a comment , not a post , i believe . 
  or is top comment also considered a post ? 
  not a native speaker here . 
  i was thinking about joining , and i needed help , so i asked . 
  i do n't think it hurt anybody in any way . 
  that seems so crazy . 
  why do n't all these credit card companies , debit card issuers , paypal and such just make an option where i agree to no chargebacks ? 
  i spent this whole day searching for an easy way to buy just a few bitcoins ( around 5 btc ) , but the transaction costs are horrible + i 'm not from the us : - /, 
  is it possible to buy from your site with okpay without being verified ? 
  i really do n't want no internet site have proof of my identity , address and my mobile phone . 
  i do n't want to transfer funds there if i 'm not going to use them on your site . 
  yes , that 's the standard practise . 
  me too , i could n't have imagined a better cast for moriarty there . 
  his facial expressions and whole persona is so convoluted !, 
  i 'd say it 's far too successful for that . 
  until the singularity that is ... 
  not a cm7 thing . 
  yup , in the very brilliant sci-fi novel the forever war , unesco introduced a program on earth and turned a majority (  90 % i think ) of people into homosexuals to control the population size . 
  great book , i 'm totally with him on that one , 
  burn it !, 
  whoa , i had no idea it 's fucked up this hard ... / european, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i think it is , but i have only anecdotal evidence . 
  however , considering the usa is the land of immigrants , it seems pretty weird to treat illegals as undesirables to such extent . 
  everyone has an agenda , thinks something about the subject .
