  a heaven in a . apk file . 
  why ? 
  shareholders want their companies managed by the very best of the best . 
  and you need to pay accordingly to get those men . 
  edit : is reddiquette completely dead ? 
  this is an opinion , you do n't upvote posts because you disagree with them !, 
  you just do n't upvote . 
  if you disagree or find it factually flawed , respond !, 
  also , shareholders do n't even care much about high salary of the one ceo . 
  even if it 's sky high , it 's negligible compared to the costs of the entire business . 
  but they did look like landscape !, 
  actually no . 
  if the knot is precisely at the centre of the portal/s , it will be visible twice . 
  edit : people , please do not downvote . 
  if you do not like what i say , do n't upvote , or respond . 
  this is a factual statement . 
  if you disagree , write so . 
  rediquette is here for a reason . 
  if you would stand far away from both portals in infinity , then yes . 
  however imagine you stand exactly in between the portals . 
  you can see both knots ( and more ) . 
  when you get further away from both portals , you will see smaller parts of the knot/s , but at this distance , you can pretty much see both at the same time . 
  it is n't , see my reply below . 
  irrelevant , i was explaining how it would look if we were to stand in between them . 
  here 's an [ image ] ( http://imgur.com/lutp2 ) to illustrate why you can see the knot twice in full . 
  well , in the first gif , the girl on the right is [ mila kunis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mila_kunis ) , also known as meg from family guy . 
  you 're on a site that is ruled by a set of laws called rediquette . 
  read them or beat it . 
  they are just barely slightly off . 
  something acceptable for a hand drawing . 
  i vote for you . 
  if you do n't know something and a stranger on the internet takes the time to explain it to you , do n't be an asshole . 
  well , at the time i complained , my post had about -3 karma , which was unacceptable . 
  longer does n't mean you 're contributing better to the content and to the community . 
  no , there are n't opinions . 
  there is a fact and some misconceptions . 
  you can not disagree with a fact . 
  you do or do not understand it . 
  i was prepared for a few people not understanding it , but over 50 % was unacceptable . 
  and could you please be a big boy , and not base your identity and self worth on how long have you been on reddit ? 
  you made me laugh , thank you :d, 
  the riker lean . 
  love it !, 
  well , i 'd say it 's the algorithm for transforming binary numbers to decimal numbers . 
  til it 's a windscreen in the us . 
  edit : seemed weird to me ( european ) , what was the guy smoking ? 
  probably more . 
  however widely used is i think only one , which is based on dividing by 2 and writing the reminder down . 
  i agree . 
  there is n't enough \\ in today 's literature !, 
  a fact is a tautology that is implied by a set of axioms in a specific system . 
  in this game the axioms are the same as in the actual mathematics and physics with one addition - portals . 
  so , yes . 
  this is a factual statement in a fictional science . 
  i 'm so making this !, 
  yeah , i just did n't get the idea . 
  now i have a first blast site under a pretense of `` wait for a hidden piston entrance '' already set up !, 
  not with france , but i 'd argue it does with the french . 
  since the `` franca '' in lingua franca originates from an italian term for the frankish , since the original mediterranean lingua franca had about 80 % similarity with italian language . 
  and franks was a generic term at that time describing any western european . 
  and since most of franks later became the french , i 'd say there is a connection . 
  why is redstone magic ? 
  is electricity magic ? 
  probably some mechanism in the redstone torch . 
  maybe it chemically reacts with air to produce a current . 
  we do n't know . 
  it does n't mean it 's magic . 
  i 'm not defending it . 
  i 'm okay with how it works . 
  i just do n't think we should call it magic , when it 's basically electric circuits . 
  it lessens its value . 
  i do . 
  but i would like to push the sand 4 blocks up and down , but i can do only 2 , since i can not use more than 2 pistons since they do n't fall down : - /, 
  i did . 
  however it does not work . 
  let 's say we have 4 pistons all extended . 
  1 is on the bottom , 4 is on top . 
  then 3 , which pulls down 4 . 
  then i retract 2 , wich pulls down 3 . 
  but it does n't pull down piston 4 !, 
  it can be done with very complex rules for retracting and extending the pistons ( the problem is only on the way down ) , which i do n't think i can make an automated circuit for . 
  coincidentally , i got an idea to do this with the first circuit you mention extended to 4 slots and a special algorithm i devised using monostable circuit . 
  will see how it works , 
  pistons could conduct power to other pistons , much like powered rails do . 
  he is a tool . 
  so what ? 
  the joke was good . 
  point a repeater at each of them and power the repeaters with one line of redstone wire . 
  repeaters connect to wires automatically since 1.7, 
  you bastard !, 
  or massive multilevel underground `` machine complex '' ... 
  nice display , but the viewing angles ... :-) good work !, 
  yeah , but the kettle would n't be making the sound if it was n't boiling . 
  oh , i see ... wow , nice idea . 
  i would like that too , however , i think it 's reddit-wide limitation , not customizable by subreddits . 
  brilliant show . 
  to pick one thing , the music parodies were absolutely amazing . 
  [ america !, 
  the states !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4tdp-ymwxi&amp;feature=related ) i 'm also still wondering , [ where is the lid ?!,
