  i can listen to mp3s on my phone ( i hate carrying multiple devices ), 
  reading books - yes , it 's quite alright , the display is huge , and you do n't have to take a big reader / physical book with you , i travel light, 
  taking pictures / videos , for the small memorable moments, 
  and only then i 'd name using `` mediocre apps '' to pass the time , i do n't use much of those ( apart from reddit , heh ), 
  i honestly think smartphone has an appeal to most everybody , and the only reason you do n't think so is you have n't tried it , either because you do n't think it will have an appeal to you , or you like that you 're not mainstream . 
  you sir had me googling the town `` austria dildo '' . 
  i am disappoint . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm from the czech republic , and nope , it 's pretty safe driving here . 
  i was totally not expecting that to be a real thing . 
  well , you even learned to call them west asia & north africa . 
  i 'd have to agree with this in regards to his robot series and most other books , but i stand firmly in saying that i believe his best work are the foundation trilogy novels . 
  you just blew my mind . 
  i ca n't imagine how the stories could have worked without the introductions of psychohistorians . 
  [ he grapes kids in their mouths !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqq051bu2my ), 
  yet i somehow missed it , until today . 
  and about 1100 more people did too . 
  how do upvotes work ? 
  i 've seen that man leaking out of an anus one time ... frothy ... 
  i 'd like to know if you are retarded :d, 
  from here , it looks like you are a bit on the loony side of reddit 's populace :d, 
  upvote for the art of using semicolon !, 
  i found the music a bit off too . 
  but in a special way . 
  it 's off , because adding music to a speech makes it more powerful , as you can feel in many movies . 
  and you and i have probably never seen anyone else dare to do it to a speech of hitler before . 
  it 's very daring move . 
  from context . 
  it does . 
  but there 's something about a piss under the open sky that lifts a man 's spirit , i guess , 
  why it 's not fun ? 
  i enjoyed the read , although i do n't follow the methods . 
  i do too , and after a while , you get the hang of it , and you do n't even need to count anymore . 
  you just know roughly how much you can eat . 
  oh well , good for you . 
  though if you look at how vista was not at all widely adopted , you 'll see it 's objectively provable it was not as good as xp or 7 . 
  edit : i explained my argument two comments below . 
  you 're confusing terms . 
  multitasking in humans means focusing on two or more tasks . 
  in computers it means having two or more applications open . 
  using two or more applications on a computer simultaneously is quite important to doing useful work on it . 
  edit : corrected for misunderstood word, 
  damn , it was n't , thanks . 
  alright , on terminology , you 're right . 
  let me rephrase . 
  it 's statistically provable that vista was far less adopted than both xp and 7 . 
  and if we assume that the quality of the version strongly correlates with its adoption , we can safely say , that vista was objectively a bad os from the point of view of its users , as compared to these two versions . 
  regardless of my stance on it . 
  i was being lazy , sorry for that . 
  well , i 'm not sure all professions need this , but for instance in my line of work - computer programmer , you 'll need usually need 3 or more windows to work on one task . 
  as the easiest example , suppose you 're doing web design - you need to see the web browser and the html code . 
  good designers usually need to check 3 browsers to comply with all of them . 
  also , there are things i like to keep visible at all times , such as the music player and the im window . 
  well , of course they are . 
  but let 's presume a work scenario - you need somebody at work to do something for you , or you need to know something . 
  you can either wait for their responses , or you can work in between . 
  and music is not a distraction for everybody , for me it is n't for instance . 
  i sometimes concentrate better with it . 
  well , i actually do n't have a problem with binge eating . 
  does it make starving ok ? 
  also , what vitamins would you recommend ? 
  i think i could benefit from some . 
  :d ok , i 'll hop on to some cardio !, 
  thank you for a source !, 
  it tied the room together !, 
  too brilliant , here , have some soma . 
  her face is at least twice as sexy from the side than from the front , 
  plus , peeing on it blows up in your face !, 
  i just hate them . 
  pretty please . 
  and i think he lost some weight too !, 
  yep . 
  does not make any sense . 
  i 'm very thankful that europe still makes sense most days , 
  maybe it 's too obvious ... 
  they air wednesday evening , so when we wake up on thursday in europe , it 's already waiting for us , 
  right on !, 
  i was really tempted to downvote you . 
  but you have a right to say whatever bullshit is on your mind . 
  it 's not a problem to break encryption on one guys connection . 
  but try doing that with everybody 's . 
  no institution could do that . 
  no comma . 
  just oblivion butt . 
  it 's just the little shiny part of moscow . 
  i guess it 's not a widely experienced issue so others are putting it down , but i feel the same as you two . 
  when i run my brain lets me control my breathing , and i always wonder what the best pattern is . 
  i think another of her videos was posted then , she has about 10 i think . 
  i did watch them all a week ago , that 's true , 
  however , no repost is bad if it 's upvoted by people who did n't see it !, 
  indeed . 
  that was not scrubs , that was interns . 
  go with your heart . 
  i 'm not sure how old you are , but for me , masturbation used to have this magical feeling for about the first 5 years , then it just became very pleasurable . 
  if you 'd feel like it 's not pleasurable enough , try to abstain for a day , two , or even a week , the experience will become more intense . 
  and it 's not even ordered by the time of continuous habitation . 
  usually , however the column with the times is so badly written , it does not work . 
  try it . 
  is this a spam bot ?
