  wow !!, 
  i just ducked myself in your office . 
  let me duck it for you . 
  same thing . 
  but only if you tie them to the radiator . 
  complete bullshit , the article refers to [ this article ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/tesla-model-3-portfolio-to-include-sedan-crossover-1434378599 ) :, 
   tesla motors inc. is developing electric cars that go beyond the coming mass-market model 3 offering , and projects there will be a million teslas on the world 's roads by 2020 . 
  so those other cars will be * beyond * model 3 . 
  stupid clickbait . 
  absolutely , and after watching [ who killed the electric car ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/who_killed_the_electric_car%3f ) , i think they did it on purpose . 
  no , in that slide i can see that the `` third generation '' will contain several cars . 
  it does not say the tesla model 3 , which we very much know will be one singular car , will be multiple cars . 
  the greek public will end up with an outcome they do n't like one way or the other . 
  leaving the eurozone and defaulting would be the best outcome they could possibly get . 
  but because of exactly opposite reason . 
  i think greece would be better economically without the euro anyway . 
  they are very periferic economy and central guidance from german ecb will wreck havoc with their economy forever . 
  they are just not compatible with the euro i believe . 
  pressure from eu institutions would be good , but ultimately , the greeks need to govern themselves . 
  i 'm talking about greece not being economically compatible with the eurozone . 
  france-germany and countries around them have connected business cycles and such . 
  greece is n't really tightly connected with them , so it does n't lend itself to benefit much from continuing stay in the eurozone . 
  most economic advantages are from being in the eu . 
  eurozone is not that big of an advantage , really . 
  tourists : still gon na come even with drachmas , especially now that everyone uses debit/credit cards . 
  trade : having your own currency is very positive for trade , because you can devalue your currency and thus exporters will export more . 
  as an added bonus , imports will get more expensive and thus people will buy more local stuff , stimulating the economy even more . 
  investing : by having their own currency , they can set their own interest rates and still invite investments . 
  the main issue with the euro zone is that the ecb controls the money supply , interest rates and other things . 
  that is to guide the economy through recessions and halt it in booms . 
  but because greece is so distant from the franco-german `` center '' of the eurozone , it suffers greatly from these machinations of the ecb , which instead of smoothing booms and recessions actually amplify them . 
  the economy then gets overheated in booms , and crashes all the more severely in recessions , which the ecb amplifies yet again . 
  that is why so many of the periferic eurzone economies are n't doing so well : greece , italy , spain , ireland , etc. 
  this is a systemic issue , and ca n't be done away with . 
  that is why i think greece for its own sake should get out of the euro asap . 
  the rocket will be almost without fuel , so the only heavy part of it will be the engines on the bottom . 
  so it will have such a low centre of gravity , that it would n't really tip over . 
  but they put the shoes on just in case of really big waves . 
  the rocket would have to be really way off course to explode in hawthorne , 
  on the barge . 
  joke , obviously . 
  europe 's glory has melted africa . 
  as is tradition . 
  and that everyone has it more together than the south/bible belt . 
  like anyone needed reminder of that ever . 
  yep , it 's really naively put together . 
  it would n't work under any mild pressure . 
  that 's what 's infuriating about it for me . 
  could you point me to the polls please ? 
  big thanks . 
  oh god , jeb bush is really happening ? 
  that horse is really dead guys . 
  do n't beat it . 
  well , i really hope so . 
  but i 'm really worried that jeb is going to appeal to some primal instincts of the populace and actually might win it : - /, 
  children are terrorists !!, 
  that 's just so sad . 
  viaduct is such a great map . 
  linux mint kde edition is better . 
  linux mint kde is awesome and i have n't encountered any issues . 
  yeah , but most halloween maps do n't have the big floating eye that will kill you in 1 or 2 blasts . 
  it completely makes the game unplayable for me . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  about the ever-present eye in the sky that teleports all over the map and kills anyone near it ? 
  it 's unplayable with it !, 
  same here . 
  but the circlejerk has spoken , so what can you do . 
  ok , thanks for the input . 
  i guess my enjoyment stems from something else then most people . 
  i was thinking exactly that . 
  what are the changes of all 3 getting into trouble ? 
  nice blob there . 
  but ... how could you forget naxos ? 
  naxos is very much still europe , so you 've almost conquered the whole europe but you 're 1 province short !, 
  well , both iceland and madeira are considered `` europe '' only for weird historical reasons . 
  geographically they 're far away , so i do n't blame him for it . 
  but that naxos , that 's a wtf . 
  please do n't link to the image , but instead to the xkcd page itself . 
  this way people ca n't read the alt text . 
  but why the hell do n't they capitalize it ? 
  i was confused for half the article until i figured it out using wikipedia . 
  then they should have introduced the term properly . 
  that 's introduction of the company , not the term `` fam '' . 
  since `` fam '' is a [ dictionary word now ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/fam ) and it gives no indication of being an abbreviation ( i.e. 
  not being capitalized ) , you have to introduce the term `` fam '' in connection with fletcher asset management . 
  spot on . 
  why ca n't you rely on any gps ? 
  well , all of what you describe is relevant to basically any european city . 
  grid streets are solely an american occurance , most cities in all other parts of the world are much more like boston than ny . 
  yes , `` turn right '' might mean several roads , and instructions might be long , but we usually solve that by looking at the displayed route on the map . 
  you can see which of the roads it takes on that given intersection , and you follow that instead of the voice . 
  be resilient , you 'll find a way . 
  i was confused as hell when a vanity fair article started to use `` fam '' , 
  it 's not poorly done at all . 
  i think it 's important it 's with the text , important to convey the author 's message . 
  greece is running a primary surplus ( i.e. 
  budget without debt interest payments ) , so they would be just fine . 
  and if germans have come to terms of not seeing that 80 billion , then why not give greece the debt haircut they so desperately need ? 
  except there 's no such thing as classifiing debt as `` unforgivable '' . 
  only the debtor decides if he 's going to pay or not .
