  agree to disagree ? 
  edit : forgot to add . 
  i was digressing , but not on purpose , i thought you already understood the implications of what i was saying . 
  i was digressing because i 'm honestly interested in your optimism . 
  i 'm only an outsider observing the us , so i would be interested in how you see it as a regular citizen , presuming you 're from the us . 
  so , let 's go through it , my first comment :, 
   absolutely . 
  but if they were in the us there 's no chance they 'd get anything less than 10 or 15 years . 
  how can you prove it is n't true ? 
  really prove , not speculate . 
  and where did i claim authority in this assessment ? 
  i 'm quoting myself again ( [ source ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2lndtl/pirate_bay_is_still_online_even_though_all_of_its/clwjuq6 ) ) :, 
   yes [ i just made that up ] . 
  based on my personal estimation of the workings of the us judicial system . 
  if you can prove my statement is n't true , i will concede i was wrong . 
  i was completely unaware of the max for copyright infringement being 5 years , that seems quite sane !, 
  however , can you explain this then ? 
  a mississippi man sentenced to over 15 years for selling 5 dvds and 1 cd . 
  is the max 5 years just on federal level , but not state level or something then ? 
  there is a third option though . 
  we can * not know * whether that statement is true or not . 
  for instance the sentence `` there is a continent between europe and asia . '', 
  it * was * true even before columbus discovered america , but nobody knew that . 
  same with my statement . 
  it is or is n't true , but we do n't know which !, 
  and we can not prove it unless someone sentences tpb guys in the us . 
  so until that time , you can not say my statement is n't true . 
  i also ca n't say it * is * true , but then again i never did . 
  i said repeatedly it 's my opinion on the matter . 
  edit : thank you for bearing with me , in some of the previous reddit discussions people just screamed obscenities and stopped communicating . 
  but thanks to you i realized where lies the communication problem . 
  it took you a while to google that , 
  but you still seem confused . 
  there are some statements that are unprovable . 
  it does not matter where lies the burden of proof . 
  consider another example if the previous one was n't sufficient for you . 
  some people state `` there is life on other planets in our galaxy . '', 
  now , is this statement true or not ? 
  we do not know , and we can * not * know in our lifetimes . 
  it is called an opinion . 
  the statement is n't true , but it is n't false either . 
  it 's the same as my statement . 
  i do not claim it to be true . 
  i said repeatedly and repeatedly it is my opinion , my estimation . 
  and * nobody * can prove or disprove it . 
  it is n't possible to do so . 
  it does * not * matter where the burden of proof lies . 
  put your teapot back into the cupboard , 
  edit : maybe this might make it a bit clearer : russel 's teapot is n't saying that all religious priests are liars . 
  it 's simply pointing out that their statements are very unlikely and absolutely unprovable , and therefore we should n't believe them . 
  but it is n't saying their statements are n't true !, 
  it 's saying that we should believe such weird statements * only if * they can prove they are true . 
  and to get back to our situation , i do not care whether you believe my statement , and you really should n't if you have different opinion since i did n't provide much concrete evidence . 
  therefore russel 's teapot or the concept of burden of proof in general does not apply here . 
  why ? 
  the yellowish-green color spectrum that prevails in that picture really suggests a vomit bucket . 
  i was merely expressing my opinion about that . 
  if op took the picture with different lighting or from further distance , it would probably look ok , it 's just poor coincidence . 
  ah , that 's a great example !, 
  `` instead , the burden of proof , or the responsibility to provide evidence and reasoning for one claim or the other , lies with those seeking to persuade someone holding the default position . '', 
  my claim is that they would get 10-15 years minimum . 
  but i do * not * seek to persuade you as i said again and again !, 
  i it merely my opinion , and i do not really want you to share my opinion . 
  as the example suggests , the default position is that we * do not know * how many years they would get !, 
  you claim that they would get less than 10 years , which would mean i was wrong . 
  but the burden of proof now lies with * you * to prove they would get less than 10 years !, 
  if you can not prove that , we are stuck in the default position where we do not know how many years they would get . 
  therefore we do not know whether i am right or wrong !, 
  and we can not prove it !, 
  edit : please do not take this the wrong way , i do not wish to offend you in any way . 
  can i ask how old you are and what 's your educational background ? 
  that is evidence suggesting you are right , yes . 
  but it is not enough to prove what the outcome would be . 
  there are plenty of overturned precedents in the history of the us judicial system , and there is the possibility tpb guys would be prosecuted for ( possibly just slightly ) different things , under different statutes , etc. 
  i hope we can agree that precedent does n't mean that we can be 100 % sure how the tpb guys would we sentenced . 
  so neither of us can prove or disprove our positions . 
  we are in default mode , we can not know whether our statements are true or false . 
  first off : please do not take this the wrong way , i do not wish to offend you in any way . 
  can i ask how old you are and what 's your educational background ? 
  and onto the point : yes , in 99 % of cases the us legal system respects precedents . 
  but every precedent can be overturned/overruled . 
  even , as i just learned , precedents set by the supreme court of the united states itself !, 
  here 's a link with overturned precedents of the us supreme court if you do not believe me :, 
  first off : i `` m not asking your name , address or anything . 
  a rough age rounded to closest 5 or 10 years is pretty anonymous . 
  and ad education i 'm asking whether you went to college and if roughly what you studied - humanities , stem , etc. 
  i mean if you do n't want to tell me i 'll have to accept that , but i do n't think it really violates the rules . 
  and onto the point : you do n't have sufficient proof ( caps for emphasis ) . 
  the precedent does not prove what the outcome of a new case will be , it merely suggests it !, 
  contents or designation . 
  looks better !, 
  well , there are a few things that suggest otherwise , as i described earlier , like extreme political and monetary pressure on that decision . 
  but that does n't matter . 
  unless you can prove 100 % that the sentence would be less than 10 years , you can not prove me wrong . 
  therefore you ca n't prove my statement is false . 
  i think we reached a conclusion and understand each other now , do n't we ? 
  we do not know with certainty what the judgment will be , therefore we do not know whether your or mine statement are true or false . 
  i believe it 's a strong pressure on the court case and would prove stronger than the precedent , but that really does not matter one bit . 
  oh my god , we 've been over this several times already . 
  my statement does not default to false .
