  take advantage of france 's weak navy . 
  they 'd rather buy the handbags and the gladrags that their granddad had to sweat so they could buy . 
  there is an straight up way to actively reduce ae with any nation ... annex or vassalize them :-), 
  why ? 
  just aesthetics ? 
  because i do n't see it . 
  i think i got it as a defender too . 
  but it only sets off if you have high positive warscore for too long . 
  can not confirm it myself , but someone on reddit here mentioned that it works as follows : the defeated nation 's we is reduced by the percentage of the peace treaty you signed . 
  if you demanded 70 % worth of stuff in the peace deal , their we drops by 20 * 0.7 = 14 . 
  piejamas, 
  maybe women write jokes that appeal more to women and vice versa . 
  and since the selecting committee was probably mostly men , you get bias . 
  please do n't . 
  i tried rosetta in 2 languages , and the tool just sucks , it does n't work . 
  it wo n't teach you anything useful . 
  grab a self-teaching textbook and spend 15 minutes a day on it . 
  and/or try duolingo . 
  it 's free , somewhat similar to rosetta and better . 
  while yes , this is suboptimal , it is not often so . 
  however , duolingo explains grammar and then you learn it by heart through testing . 
  rosetta makes you guess grammar , and that 's very very bad . 
  adults learn languages differently than children because it is better for adults to learn differently then children . 
  i taught myself french from 0 to b2 in 12 months with a self-teach textbook . 
  i tried rosetta several times before , and i staid at 0 . 
  it 's not just me , i have n't met a single person who taught themselves a language from rosetta . 
  and check reviews here on r/french or r/languagelearning , most people are bashing it . 
  i feel the opposite , if someone warned me about the uselessness of rosetta before i spend so much time on it , i 'd consider it kind . 
  and why get offended by my opinion ? 
  just add yours , op is able to decide themself . 
  heh , sorry , i am blind , 
  alright then , how much have you learned ? 
  honest question . 
  if you feel up to it , parlez en fran\u00e7ais . 
  since you asked for rosetta french 1 , i naturally concluded that you have n't used it . 
  how have you managed it anyhow ? 
  i have `` borrowed '' it myself and tried it extensively . 
  then i bought a self-teach book and learned french , 
  unfortunately i suspect a czech-french self-teach book would not be all that useful to you . 
  however , i swear by the concept . 
  better than any classes or programs you can find . 
  i also used a software called anki ( pc , android , ... ) for vocabulary , which is brilliant as well . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'm a european and i give a shit from the beginning . 
  us is the breeding ground for the internet , we ca n't lose it . 
  well done judas . 
  good old judas . 
  true . 
  but they did statistical modeling , and if they stopped the medallion system , the traffic in the city would collapse and you could n't use any taxi to get anywhere . 
  the study said that one taxi is worth about 40 regular cars in the amount of traffic , since it drives nonstop all day . 
  source : http://www.ibtimes.com/why-bloombergs-plan-more-new-york-city-taxis-stupid-739241, 
  `` every additional yellow cab is tantamount in its impact on traffic to having 40 additional private cars drive in from the boroughs or the suburbs to the heart of the city , '' komanoff said . 
  the 2,000 additional taxis will decrease the time it takes to hail a cab by about one minute , but that gain in wait time will be more than offset by the increased congesting and travel time . 
  essentially , by adding 2,000 cabs to the fleet , the city is increasing the load on new york 's road network by the equivalent of 80,000 cars . 
  taxis have such an outsized impact on traffic patterns and congestion because , unlike private and commercial vehicles , they are in constant operation and when they do n't have passengers they circle looking for fares . '', 
  or a phablet . 
  70-80 % mortality ? 
  i do n't think that has ever happened in history . 
  the spanish flu , probably the deadliest flu ever had 10-20 % mortality of the people infected , which ment 3-6 % of the global population . 
  spanish flu seems to be [ la gripe espa\u00f1ola ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/gripe_espa%c3%b1ola ) , check your facts . 
  but why would they do that ? 
  they did not want people dead , originally , when designing the illness . 
  lol , no i did n't . 
  do you see the blue text there ? 
  that 's a link to spanish wikipedia , which lists it under that name . 
  so the primary name is la gripe espa\u00f1ola . 
   ** also ** known as the french flu, 
  sure , some people might call it that , but it 's not prevalent enough so the spanish wiki page does n't even mention it . 
  i too love all caps , 
  fifty five ? 
  surely that can not be true . 
  do you have any source for that claim ? 
  but should be tried first anyway . 
  well , do you write laser and taser ? 
  yes you do , at least for taser : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taser, 
  i would counter by the fact that they can capitalize it however they want , but that does n't force everybody else to capitalize it that way . 
  i know it 's late , but is there any way around the issue of having to click the lock so the buttons show after each load ? 
  thanks, 
  i have a vpn , but does n't steam limit game functionality to the region you bought the game in ? 
  well , the wall was put up pretty rapidly . 
  you can say that about anyone that has ever crossed that border . 
  maybe it was only when you were given permission by the communist state . 
  no i 'm not . 
  those moved legally , they did n't have to flee like the girl here . 
  which was the point i was making in my post , but i could have highlighted it more . 
  they are now winning both . 
  or the friend of the main character . 
  however , each author writes about just a small spectrum of the human experience . 
  kundera writes about what he writes , and he does it really well . 
  yeah , i liked the title , the book though , does not do it justice . 
  and on the same note , his latest and last :, 
  * memoria de mis putas tristes * - memories of my melancholy whores, 
  it 's a really heartwarming book . 
  words can have several meanings . 
  puta means primarily a whore , and only secondly a bitch , afaik . 
  it says `` no sessions available '' . 
  i am unable to find any information on when they might be , is it taught on some schedule ? 
  a b c d e, 
  let 's make some efforts folks !, 
  is there anything special about jij jitsu in your opinion ?
