  however , i also believe in a `` free will '' . 
  my personality is made of random events ( dna , umbringing , daily life randomness ) , which make me what i am . 
  and based on that i , a machine , will decide what i want to do when faced with a decision . 
  i will decide based on my preferences , on what i like . 
  it is my decision , and i make it freely . 
  i do n't think it makes it less free just because if the universe were to begin all over again in the exact same manner , that i would be born again and make the decision completely the same . 
  even though it 's deterministic what will i choose , the choice is still there . 
  nice catch . 
  it certainly is audacious when someone declares himself or his group as a supreme ruler , and i get that there 's a lot to animals than meets the eye . 
  the environment is extremely interesting thing combining millions of species , which are quite interesting in their own right . 
  i admit i may have put it in too much of a layman 's terms - of course no one will `` declare war on ants '' - however there is an obvious power imbalance between every other species and humanity . 
  in a fight over resources , which is how evolution decides winners and loosers , we have no competition . 
   not only can species never control their environment, 
  source ? 
  no , it 's actually very amazing . 
  every time i think how just laws of physics and evolution created this amazing world i 'm rendered speachless . 
  i guess you 're right , `` free will '' just is n't the name for it . 
  my point was that i believe in people being just brains , and yet i see myself having `` free choice '' . 
  it might not be free in the grand scheme of things , but i call it that because it apears so from my point of view . 
  that 's why i put it in parenthesis in the previous post . 
  i consider myself a fan of smith , and i see it that there 's not really so much fans of his , so even though we go to the cinema , the numbers are n't that great . 
  but when it comes to dvds , we all buy them and they 're costlier than the tickets , so they make more impact . 
  seconded , i enjoyed that movie quite a bit . 
  clever ?!, 
  i 'm a his `` fanboy '' and it 's not because his movies are `` clever '' . 
  they are just funny and have great dialoges , i just like watching them . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm capable of better grammar , but i did n't pay much attention . 
  i 'd guess it 's most obvious because of misplaced commas , and not very well-formed sentences . 
  anyhow , how do you know i 'm not a native english speaker ? 
  yeah , that 's true , when i 'm just writing something unimportant , sometimes i let the structure of my native language creep in a little bit . 
  do n't the brits use it ? 
  like a lift vs. the elevator ? 
  i 'm european and we tend to be mixed in between british and american idioms , my english teacher called it atlantic english , 
  you never go ass to mouth, 
  which is not bad if it suits him . 
  if people did n't like his submissions , they would n't vote for them . 
  but he 's a ... rocket man !, 
  err . 
  google navigation does not work in a lot of europe . 
  very cool when well tuned . 
  i actually do n't believe that . 
  swiss are very honest people . 
  we all know he did it , and they believe there 's no exception to the law . 
  switzerland is one of the most democratic countries on earth . 
  it would not go all the way , but i believe they very well might have arrested him . 
  us would of course develop so much pressure that he would be extradited . 
  but it would be a horrible pr for him and america . 
  nobody in europe would care about fucking 17 year old i presume . 
  the age of consent is mostly 15 . 
  americans are batshit crazy . 
  and since netherlands are part of shengen , he can go with that visa all over continental eu . 
  awesome :-), 
  wow , i thought for sure that was sacrastic , but i checked it out , and wow !, 
  til . 
  you got me :d, 
  did anyone else read it as eye-pooping traffic numbers ? 
  if i remember correctly , some bimbo was also sucking him off in the process . 
  there 's a good use of the second pilot for you :-), 
  oh , all you guys answered almost simultaneously , so thank you all !, 
  i was going crazy thinking what it was for :-), 
  i know it was n't much , but i just could n't stop thinking what it was . 
  i first noticed it a couple of years ago and more than one times tried googling it without any luck . 
  the plane crashed . 
  i see what you did there . 
  they have fans even here in czech republic !, 
  i rooted a week ago , using the nightlies and they are pretty fucking stable . 
  no need to worry . 
  seems to work fine . 
  it is long for someone not entirely interested . 
  i just wanted to know what was up , i 'm not much into this space story myself . 
  i 'm interested enough to read a one or two sentences summary . 
  i really do n't know why you 're so quick to downvote . 
  i guess it 's a crime to think star wars was just a somewhat cool bunch of movies . 
  i seen them like twice each . 
  i 'm more into speculative fiction , cyberpunk and historical fiction . 
  for that matter , i 'd be more of a trekkie , but i did n't want stones to be thrown . 
  yeah , i 'd like to know too ... ? 
  it 's arabic numerals , roman numerals are i , ii , iii , ... 
  what is the default string formatter if not decimal ? 
  do some populations use binary or other than decimal as their primary number system ? 
  did you pull the statistics out of your ass ? 
  i live in a country that does that , but it still is decimal , we just use different symbols . 
  my question is what locale does n't use decimal . 
  decimal means in base ten . 
  i have n't heard of a culture that does n't use base ten . 
  i suppose they might be some tribes in africa , but i would n't say they have locale set up . 
  and your stated 10 % seems way off . 
  can you support that 60 % of earth 's population do n't use the arabic numerals ? 
  because i can tell you that arabic numerals are today the most common symbolic representation of numbers in the world . 
  hence pulling out of your ass :-), 
  :-) ) dude , you made me laugh :-p, 
  you 're just assholing your way out of arguments . 
  exactly , and the way he goes about replaying about it ... 
  your way of making arguments is not legitimate criticism but a shovel of bullshit and smugness combined for better effectiveness , which i think was demonstrated in this thread you vs. everybody else pretty clearly :-), 
  i was almost about to apologize for saying that you took the numbers out of your ass , which in fact you did , but i could have said it more politely . 
  but this is just not how you argue , it 's how you make people laugh :-), 
  edit : you 're -  your, 
  :-) ) you 're the king :-p, 
  the only thing i do n't get is how is it possible for one person to stand against a crowd , be told he 's wrong by everybody and think that the truth is of course his , everybody just ca n't use google !, 
  edit : after reading the adjecent thread , do you really think you 're not the smug one after you wrote,
