  i 've been looking for a good hsk deck for a month now , and could n't find anything . 
  but today someone uploaded this gem !, 
  it is ordered , it has audio , pictures , example sentences , everything !, 
  give it a try if you 're looking for a good anki deck . 
  in case the deck gets updated in the future and the link ceases to work , it 's named `` hsk 2012 ( example sentences , audio ) '' . 
  please give it a rating on the anki site so more people can find it !, 
  why poorly insulated ? 
  actually the better insulated the house is , the less heat it gives outside and the more the snow freezes around it . 
  i do n't see it . 
  to me it seems within the european norm for outside doors , albeit below average . 
  the layout is a different issue , i 'd say it depends , houses in northern climates probably wo n't be laid out in the same way as al bundy 's house on married with children , 
  as for the doors being easily broken , that 's a completely null point . 
  there are several windows few meters from those doors . 
  what do you mean ? 
  where did it fail ? 
  it works for everybody else , maybe try a different browser . 
  i 'm not the creator , it was some unknown good samaritan . 
  that looks totally like key & peele sketch !, 
  you might if you lived in a country where trains are supposed to run on time . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i just vacationed in paris and i did n't have any complaints about the m\u00e9tro . 
  i agree that it 's not an ai , but , if you asked an average * natural * intelligence ( i.e. 
  the average voter ) for it 's thoughts on the current issues in the middle east , it also would n't be a very engaging conversation . 
  wrong captain !!, 
  that 's weird , where in the world are you ? 
  i uploaded it to these two sites :, 
  * http://www.filedropper.com/best---hsk2012examplesentencesaudio, 
  * http://www.fileconvoy.com/dfl.php?id=ge49f6edda99c41959995867130f872b7c1703f2e0, 
  afaik that syndrome only applies to the japanese who romanticise the city incessantly - are you japanese ? 
  no objections here , i was just genuinely curious , it seemed fine to me , maybe a bit too hot sometimes in the trains , but apart from that it was fine . 
  how would programming be language related ? 
  heh , that 's a great name for that book !, 
  well , i am a programmer actually . 
  i do n't want to argue about language learner 's capability to learn to program , i think the enjoyment you get from programming vs. from learning a language and communicating with people with it is completely different . 
  it 's like suggesting to him to go do mathematics , because music uses some of it . 
  indian ? 
  well , since it 's asia , i 'd say replace `` schools '' with `` countries '' and you got it . 
  what about it ? 
  yeah , i think so too , 
  that 's just bull . 
  if you have that problem , you 're not conquering fast enough . 
  it is very catchy !, 
  but i do n't know about hours on repeat though , 
  that 's just bull too . 
  i played tuscany myself and ended up owning tho whole of europe and half of asia . 
  what a brave new world !, 
  then do n't use this . 
  i think it 'll do more harm than good for highly conjugated slavic language . 
  very easy . 
  i have diagnosed dyslexia and dysorthographia , and therefore i wrote all my university thesis in english instead of czech because i make fewer mistakes that way . 
  i tried it personally for french and did n't like it . 
  it never gave me too much trouble , english word order just makes sense . 
  german is horrible though . 
  brooklyn ? 
  how do you mean ? 
  per [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dyslexia#signs_and_symptoms ) :, 
   signs and symptoms : ... commonly very poor spelling , which has been called dysorthographia, 
  have you ever seen the czech declension system ? 
  the spelling is just fucking hard . 
  have some faith instead of accusing people . 
  well , the guy obviously did n't compile 5000 example sentences by hand . 
  this is a funny confusion arousing from symbol grouping into words , it should n't happen very often , and you 'll spot it easily everywhere it happens . 
  because a common spelling error such as omitting a single letter , or , commonly a single diacritic will change the declension and render it an error ? 
  combine it with the common problem for dyslexics of spotting single-letter errors , and you 've got yourself a bloody mess . 
  let me put it this way , if czech did not have declensions , i 'd be easier for me to use it to write an extensive thesis . 
  it does have declensions , so i chose english in its stead . 
  yes , english spelling is n't obvious , but when you 've been using it for over a decade , you just know how to spell it , and the few mistakes you make are easily caught by the computer . 
  after a while each word has a distinctive look in your mind 's eye , so it just looks right if it 's correct without you really needing to examine the letters ( exceptions are though , through , thorough , etc. 
  those always give me hard time ) . 
  not so in czech , you have to look over each of those letters to check if you 've made any mistakes , because thanks to declensions , words do n't look always same , but are different each time based on the case , which is way worse for this dyslexic than the english spelling issues . 
  and on top of it , there 's no spell check for czech declensions . 
  you do n't know that . 
  if people never started to eat shrimp , in this alternate universe more cows would likely be eaten . 
  i do believe he used a script to harvest them from somewhere , why not ? 
  can i ask why ? 
  to me it seems like a joke or just plain rude . 
  it 's not like there 's more than a few dozen people in this thread , 99 % of which or more do n't live anywhere near . 
  as someone that has forced himself for several years to study 2 languages ( first german , later spanish ) i just was n't interested in , just do n't do it , it 's not worth it . 
  then i picked up a third ( french ) and i fell in love , studied it every day and now i speak it fluently after just two years . 
  motivation is the biggest and most important thing about language learning , everything else is just background noise . 
  even if you force yourself to study , it 'll go slowly which will only demotivate you further . 
  get a head start on your portuguese . 
  get a self-teaching text book , use the internet 's plentiful resources and get some practice in with your portuguese speaking friends , 
  i 'd absolutely go for a language with which you can communicate and read/watch/listen to something a bit more ... modern  but those are my preferences . 
  what 's your motivation for reading ancient greek texts ? 
  what do you study ? 
  what and how many texts in ancient greek would you like to read ? 
  and why do n't translations cut it ? 
  well you do n't have to be in college to study a subject . 
  is your fascination with classical greece and i guess rome just a hobby , or is it more connected to your possible career ? 
  anyhow , i 'd do a cost benefit analysis if i were you . 
  learning a language will take several years of hard work , more so for a dead language with few resources . 
  are you sufficiently interested in reading enough texts to offset this initial investment ? 
  compare that to your relative costs and benefits of learning russian , and you 'll have your answer . 
  good luck to you too !, 
  because incredibly stupid populism . 
  daaaamn . 
  i was sure it was some new tv series i missed and tried to download it . 
  i 'm really bummed out now : - /, 
  played tuscany as well , it 's a blast !,
