  or would other martial arts or even sports in general accomplish the same ? 
  rebels do n't count though . 
  at least [ 10,000 ] ( https://xkcd.com/1053/ ) people just in the us . 
  [ butt scratcher !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrc5zgcxwzc ), 
  i 'm just going to say that that 's a great question , i did n't even know it but i want to read about that , so thanks !, 
  but also travel times and congestion went up . 
  i 'm on mobile , so ca n't source it , but i read several times that is plainly not true . 
  and it makes sense even logically , how big and intricate a filter do you think they can put on a coal plant ? 
  and a car ? 
   realistically , the number of ports that can be assigned a single ip address is around 4000 . 
  i do n't think that 's gon na by a problem anytime soon in a nk university . 
  i would n't bet on a nk university having near or over even 100 computers . 
  yeah , i do n't like being entitled to alimony in a childless divorce . 
  that 's messed up . 
  with charlie runkle !, 
  if they ever find him . 
  presumably a guy that can get these photos knows a thing or two about computers , mind you . 
  why would you say the godfather fits here ? 
  anyone can tell me what are those passageways over the highway ? 
  and is that some form of elevated rail they are connected to ? 
  * light * breakfast, 
  so what ? 
  crush them or accept a few demands . 
  you can easily protect your capital from siege for a long while and break free . 
  do n't be a chicken . 
  you probably wo n't even have to engage their stack since ai is horrible at achieving objectives , just let them soak in that attrition . 
  yes . 
  we only ask you to keep it to yourself for the next few weeks so they do n't see it coming . 
  thanks !, 
  as a random mainland european i humbly offer my opinion : it * absolutely * is not . 
  it 's the only logical conclusion you can make from those quotes by english polititians . 
  just fyi , nova scotia was between 1629-1632 a scottish colony . 
  the article does n't touch on the fact that most of the nhs budget in scotland is determined by westminster 's nhs budget for england . 
  so if england progressively privatises , they will be spending less and less on nhs thus forcing scotland to follow suit due to lack of funds . 
  sure scotland can transfer some limited funds , but can you really take that much from education , housing and such ? 
  i 'd have to disagree with that . 
  scotland has oil reserves comparable to those of norway and similar sized population . 
  in case of independence the budget can be easily propped up by oil revenues . 
  that is the thing about scottish independence , it 's very profitable , 
  it 's the rest of the uk that will have to make hard choices , since there will be a significant problem with current account deficit . 
  that completely depends on the way the privatization progresses . 
  in the american system the state does n't pay practically anything into it for most people ( medicaid and medicare cover just a fraction of the population ) . 
  as a czech i have to say the separation of czechoslovakia was the best thing that happened to our two nations . 
  we never had better relations then now after separation . 
  you can stand together with the uk as an equal partner , no one is saying you will be enemies . 
  brothers fight less when they do n't share toys . 
  the argument is n't what 's the current proposal . 
  it 's what can come in a short while . 
  england is way too right-wing for scottish voters , therefore giving the future of nhs to people you fundamentally politically disagree with is troubling to many . 
  that 's because you beheaded the brother instead of giving him his toys . 
  very mature , 
  yeah , sorry , i was using the wrong term , i meant * england * , because that 's basically what will be left . 
  no insult to wales and n.ireland , but those are tiny minorities compared to the hunk of england . 
  and while i think it is very easily comparable to the velvet divorce , i 'll offer one even more fitting amicable divorce : [ norwegian referendom for independence in 1905 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_union_dissolution_referendum,_1905 ) is strikingly similar to the current situation , only some 100 odd years later  and let 's be honest , all that oil fared well for norway . 
  the dissolution will be similar , not the vote count . 
  a smaller oil-rich country separating from a union with larger one based on popular referendum and all ending up very well . 
  are n't you calling the results a little too early there ? 
  majority gets what majority wants that 's democracy . 
  anything over 50 % is just for show . 
  so let 's not stray away from the message , you 're saying dissolution would be bad on relations , which i provided two good examples of not happening in past separations . 
  i disagree . 
  scotland would not have a financial crisis at all because the oil revenues would leave them with plenty of money to repay debt and make a huge savings account \u00e0 la norway . 
  i love your confidence on such intricate matters that you can blatantly say `` you 're wrong i 'm afraid '' , it 's really the mark of a pensive mind , 
  i 'm quite positive you will reject any of what i 'm about to tell you , but on the hope that it might open your mind i 'll try . 
  the problem basically is how you use the oil . 
  there 's a lot of oil for a country of 5 million people , not so much for a country of 60 . 
  so right off the bat your argument that uk had oil and still had crisis goes out the window , i hope you can see that . 
  now , if you read this [ article ] ( http://www.neweconomics.org/blog/entry/scottish-independence-uk-dependency ) you 'll see that the uk has been using the oil exports to offset it 's current account deficit - that is , uk is importing more goods then exporting , and oil helped even this out a bit . 
  but in recent years that 's just not been enough and there 's been a crisis . 
  however , for a country 12 times smaller with basically the same oil reserves that would not happen . 
  and concerning the nationalized oil in norway ... 
  i hope the new government of scotland will be quick to see the parallel with norway and use the same model , thus creating the oil fund . 
  because norway has been the best success story of 20th century . 
  i would n't say you need a magic wand to avoid money problems . 
  what you need is money . 
  and oil brings money . 
  it 's not all that difficult to follow , 
  all reports i 've seen indicate that scotland is a net contributor to the uk budget . 
  and that 's when scotland gets only 10 % of uk oil . 
  so if you separate scotland you get more right away , and you get another ~ 80-90 % of the oil revenue too . 
  plenty of money to fund the services and have an oil fund !, 
  for norway it is , for scotland it will be too . 
  it is indeed quite persuasive and have not been posted here as of yet , 
  i think you closed your brain  i said already , maybe twice , that i think they will go with nationalization of oil extraction !, 
  and as far as i managed to investigate , reports indicate that scotland has something between a half and 80 % of the oil reserves norway has . 
  then someone had to have changed the youtube link , because if you search it it returns only a post in a n.ireland subreddit . 
  oh , my bad . 
  i searched the video url , not the headline , which returns 0 results . 
  as i said , i searched the url , which is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buixdbgnc4m, 
  so , search results :, 
  mine and other post in r/northernireland . 
  that 's because nobody announces nationalization in advance , especially not before a referendum !, 
  but it makes fiscal and political sense in a newly independent scotland , so i think they will do it . 
  is n't that what i just said ? 
  it is perfectly congruent with the estimates i presented . 
  a half is still a lot . 
  i believe you , i 'm simply explaining why i thought it was n't posted before , 
  no problem , my bad anyway , 
  and i suppose by the way you so assuredly convey your opinions , you 're probably an expert both on economy , politics and off shore oil drilling !,
