  we have blocked a wide selection of the internet if you 'd like : hulu , netflix , pandora , google voice , amazon , amazon app store , a lot of youtube , and many others !, 
  video please !, 
  that would be one hell of an airport inside a skyscraper , 
  czech republic working too , however , i first noticed it was working about a few weeks ago ... 
  where do you put the phone ? 
  in europe we do n't really have wide beds , so anywhere i put it i either knock it down of my bed or press it against a wall , both of which are undesirable ... 
  here in czech republic it 's the other way around , i guess you 're more into the american style . 
  i think it 's actually easier , quicker and cheaper to make it more compact , however , not as cool . 
  very insightful , thank you !, 
  great , respond to my post when it 's up , please !, 
  how old are you , and why have you never heard of [ space ship two ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_ship_two ) ? 
  wow , i was thinking that i would argue with you if you were 40 even . 
  now , you need to understand either of these 2 things , 1 . economics , 2 . accelerating technological advancement . 
  when they launch the space ship two , it will cost something about $ 200k to get to space , after 2 years they stated they would lower the price to $ 100k . 
  we 're still in the price range of very rich individuals . 
  but then comes economics of scale . 
  it is very expensive to build only one aircraft , it is relatively very cheap to build them on a large scale . 
  the demand will be constantly lowering the price and it will settle somewhere little above the price of the fuel and resources needed for construction of those machines ( which are not that much more complex than today 's planes ) . 
  i would not be surprised if in 20 to 30 years max it will be around the price of intercontinental flight ( compared to % of average wage ) . 
  so if you will really want to , you wo n't have a problem paying for it . 
  look at what we discovered in the 18th century , compare it to the 19th century and compare that to the 20th century . 
  your statement is similar to someone who was born at the end of 19 century saying mankind will never go to moon . 
  look at the [ the law of accelerating returns ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accelerating_change ) , 21st century will bring many unlikely things , and ordinary people in space will be one of the less interesting ones i think . 
  and surely within the next 40 years , so you are covered . 
  edit : i apparently do n't know what unseemly is -  changed to unlikely . 
  it is true that without metal the dead ringer can be slow to charge , however , you 're not a good spy if do n't know location of every metal on the map and how to get to it fast . 
  also the new knife in the mob spy set adds 30 % of cloak on backstab , so no , dead ringer is faster and more dangerous weapon . 
  cod can be fun too though . 
  i will totally start doing that !, 
  that seems to defeat the purpose of creepers ... 
  i usually go the other way around , first ammo , then stab and you 're ready to get safely out if needed . 
  i 've died plenty on failstabs though , 
  true words . 
  and how about the 7th spy ? 
  disclaimer : i 'm czech . 
  was the munich agreement not the most significant part of appeasement ? 
  i mean , foreign leaders gathered and handed what i 'd say was about 30-40 % of one sovereign country to another ... 
  here the agreement is known by the phrase `` about us , without us . '', 
  that 's different discussion , i think the emphasis is not there because they 're not proud of the munich agreement , and because the history is written by the winners . 
  however , when seen by an objective observer , i think there is little doubt that the agreement was the most severe act of the appeasement , so your theory about `` overestimating influence of one 's community '' does not hold water in this case . 
  nevertheless , i believe this tendency does exist , so you have my upvote there . 
  exactly , you are n't rebuilding anything , the fear of creepers is gone . 
  nobody cares if creeper kills you , you can get back and pick up your shit . 
  the real horror is in destroying something important . 
  build a protective wall or a moat and lit the inside then !, 
  i personally wound not like to stay at your server , i think creeper explosions are an important part of the experience , without them , it 's not as much fun . 
  so , i 'd say a lot of people are not happy with this , however , whatever floats your boat . 
  i think we can make an exception . 
  are you studying in some sort of an academy ? 
  [ funny noises by a tall black guy ], 
  hey , i 'm way too young to remember this one , and i 'm almost an elder of reddit , 
  it 's always amazing to see somebody being so absolutely best at what they 're doing , whatever it might be . 
  that would be an interesting experiment , i would love to see the results !, 
  any psychology/sociology students looking for a thesis ? 
  however , they have 3 ( 4 ) different language areas , so they 're not that homogenous . 
  wow , although not good for a moving pathway , it can be great for block transport !, 
  me and my friend are thinking of doing a piston transport system with which we could bring ice into our desert biome from up north . 
  this is genius !, 
  yes i can , but not this efficient , with my design , i have to use one piston every 12 blocks , which is important when passing several kilometers . 
  i do n't risk it , i built a detector for the end station that sends ice one way and cubble the other - to be destroyed . 
  it 's easy , cubble passes redstone current , ice does not . 
  i know all about self building homes and the 12 blocks limitation . 
  but we have a 3 people private server , and we 're not afraid of challenges . 
  we 've just finished a 1km long aqueduct that also houses a railway between our hq and a replica of hitler 's eagle 's nest we built on a mountain , 
  how do you go about this new map generation in 1.8 ? 
  will you stay on the old map and venture into previously not rendered places ? 
  i 'm thinking of generating a new map and mcediting our main island somewhere into one of those vast oceans that were advertised , because we have the world explored pretty far ( our ice voyage and then planes mod helped ) . 
  how do you connect the nether portal with new uncharted 1.8 chunk ? 
  super fast nether railway ? 
  true , but is it compelled to do it ? 
  is it just a coincidence that the moon 's rotation time is the same as it 's orbit time ? 
  thanks , i totally spaced out on the rotation thing . 
  can you elaborate on the tidal forces and the moon 's orbit ? 
  the orientation of the moon should n't influence tidal waves and the other way around also does n't seem to me like a possibility . 
  it 's just [ 8 blocks ] ( http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/the_nether#portals_and_fast_travel ) , but yeah , it will work . 
  i still do n't know though , newly generated map sounds adventurous , 
  seeing as this is probably the biggest update we 've ever seen , i 'd say 1.8.8 will be a better bet . 
  i 'm interested in the workaround . 
  would you share the apk ? 
  i like the concept . 
  looks legit , but does n't find a lot of the films , what 's wrong ? 
  i checked their forum , they 're moving the server over this weekend , so it should be up tomorrow or sooner . 
  2 . http://www.reddit.com/r/cordcutters/comments/g8b6x/having_trouble_with_sabnzbd_and_sick_beard/, 
   note to self - never , ever , ever , under any circumstances shake hands with a ** left handed ** person from india . 
  never . 
  ftfy, 
  yup , it amazes me that we had this great quality , then we lost it with digital and now we 're trying to get it back . 
  i just do n't know who thought it would be great to edit it on video . 
  surely that 's sufficient format for 30 + years ... 
  edit : for christ 's sake , the above comment was talking about `` film '' and when i reply i am also talking about film , what 's not to get here ? 
  how could 10 layers of 3-layered toilet paper rip ? 
  which means they wo n't do it , because given the choice , people would not be happy with a crappy choice , but choice anyway , they 'd just bitch about it . 
  i 'm not talking about tv , but rather the film , as i was reacting to the post above mine . 
  the film has almost endless quality i presume . 
  yeah ... 
  i kinda do n't know . 
  i do n't think they think there 's enough audience for another st. maybe they 'll say `` let 's make it normal people friendly '' , and than it will be just shit . 
  i reason we 've seen the best of star trek . 
  production yes , however , manufacture , distribution , marketing and promotion is not part of the value of music . 
  the only thing needed is promotion , and that can be done on the internet .
