  your intentions might be good , but your proposed rules are questionable at best . 
  if i may , it 's been over 24 hours . 
  could i ask for a response , or is it still being discussed ? 
  if he has a british citizenship , he is british . 
  no , you would n't be punjabi , but you * would * be indian . 
  the same thing here . 
  he is not * english * , but due to his citizenship he * is * british . 
  you should read a dictionary . 
  must be . 
  fyi , the full scene is like 15 minutes long and * really hot * . 
  i saw it in a cinema , it was weird . 
  every human tribe alive today migrated out of africa millions of years ago , so who gives a shit ? 
  it 's `` a '' europe , not `` an '' europe . 
  try pronouncing it . 
  you are right that germany no political allies in this matter besides sweden . 
  even france is n't willing to make another round of quotas , let alone permanent ones . 
  this mess will have to be sorted inside germany , because the rest of the eu does n't feel it 's their problem . 
  can i ask how do you know ? 
  i thought mods did n't have the option to review ip addresses , so besides that what tool can you use to identify him ? 
  lol . 
  with catalonia . 
  without it it 's $ 21,684 gdp per capita in the rest of spain based on his numbers . 
  exactly , it 's 2015 !, 
  is that the f9 capacity in fully expandable mode ? 
  hi again , hjon , it has been 3 days already . 
  for a third time , i politely ask for a reaction . 
  well , there may be plenty of words/characters that mean lazy or have the connotations of laziness . 
  showing one different word does in no way negate the possibility that it was some other . 
  there are probably hundreds of characters that are pronounced yang ( in one of the 4 tones ) , so i bet one of them can mean lazy . 
  and remember , we 're talking about ancient chinese , not modern mandarin . 
  it seems like an unhealthy obsession . 
  you are also 5 year redditor and have close to 20k comment karma . 
  i do n't see a big difference . 
  i did n't . 
  i said it * seemed * that way . 
  go to prague , win a pig !, 
  i too was hitched , sadly he 's no longer with us . 
  imho your humble opinion is shit compared to internationally recognized christopher hitchens . 
  oh , i * was * thinking of his brother . 
  i think they should jump another 100 years into the future like they did between tos and tng . 
  well , that 's utter bullshit in my opinion . 
  hi , / u/slyratchet and / u/ivashkin , as you guys seem to be the head mods around here , could i ask you to chime in on this issue when other mods are refusing to respond ? 
  big thanks . 
  well , not necessarily . 
  the chinese are very prone to language jokes due to their interesting language . 
  substituting different characters with the same pronunciation for comedic purposes . 
  it 's possible that while the official records use a dignified symbol , that the people of the time actually called him by an undignified one . 
  i did n't even need to wake up today , existence is pointless . 
  industrial strength weapons-grade autism . 
  bravo . 
  no , i think this is just tesla judging by the curve in the road what speed would be safe and then slowing to that speed . 
  big thanks for a response on the nuking . 
  can i then ask what was the reason this particular post got this treatment ? 
  has some news come to light that this supposed gang rape did not happen , or that the sentencing was different ? 
  the listed reason `` off topic '' really does n't apply in my opinion . 
  they do n't ignore jersey because it 's hard to include it in the map . 
  they ignore jersey because it 's * jersey * . 
  i do n't think it 's remembering the shape . 
  it 's seeing the shape in front of it . 
  lol . 
  my opinion is michel thomas is good if you 're going to visit the country in 3 months and you want to know some very basic phrases and sentences . 
  however , it really is n't a good basis for actually studying the language . 
  what i heard from various sources is that in china being white is all you need . 
  it 's weird , but it 's true . 
  carly fiorina is n't either and she 's polling way ahead of him afaik . 
  incredibly glad she 's dropping , i hate her with passion . 
  brilliant news . 
  watching her interviews makes me sympathetic with the `` strangle her '' remarks uttered at the clinton rally . 
  if it does n't say the ban is temporary and how long it 'll last , you 're likely permabanned . 
  not at all . 
  they differ in grammar , a lot of vocabulary and the differences in pronunciation are as vast as between distant languages . 
  it 'll be ok , buddy . 
  except blood . 
  that 's the worst asl result i 've seen to date !, 
  me too , thanks . 
  to whom ? 
  for example bulgarian and bosnian muslims , among many others , are very well integrated and have been for centuries . 
  they cause no problems . 
  lol , some mentally disturbed person killed 3 people . 
  i see no connection with islamism what so ever . 
  yes , you can downvote me to hell here in your echo-box , but if you actually want to affect positive change in europe , you have to town down your crazy a bit , or you 'll keep being disregarded as extremist and nobody reasonable will ever listen to you . 
  what did you have against abraham yelling at a zombie ? 
  plus she has a lot of starbucks lovers . 
  9 offensive 11 me . 
  nah , i was thinking about it , and i think there should be both :, 
  while yes , / r/european has too a bit too little moderation for many people 's taste ( i 'm a firm believer in very broad free speech though ) , / r/europe is clearly not a model to follow . 
  censorship here is very selective , reasons stated are too often complete bogus , and the continuing stay of dclauzel is just an offence to any rational european . 
  what ? 
  dclauzel himself clearly stated this very thing many times . 
  he said something like `` the only possible response to terrorism is to hide it '' . 
  ( i paraphrase , it 's been a while since he allowed himself to be honest on this sub . ), 
  honestly , if they do n't organically rise , they just do n't belong on the sub . 
  for example , a weekly cooking thread is just something we do n't need . 
  that would be much preferable . 
  even thursday history ( sic ) is not luring me in any more . 
  i 'm saying they 're both incomparably bad . 
  / r/european just needs more moderate users , whereas / r/europe needs to remove dclauzel and some other elements . 
  fair enough . 
  but any particular reasons you had to nuke the entire comment chain ? 
  i specifically steer clear of offensive words like calling people `` disgusting '' .
