  if someone is dressed unusually , it does not mean it 's necessarily flamboyant , and it most certainly does not mean he 's a douche bag . 
  no , it 's not . 
  anyone found one with two www . 
  i 'm a european, 
  i disagree . 
  most importantly , nobody is saying you should wear the linked outfit to a board meeting . 
  i do n't want to look like an executive . 
  can you point me to a law that states that orgies with over 100 participants in unlicensed locations are illegal ? 
  u0 is a unicode 0 . 
  are there also non ass-legs ? 
  maybe abdomen-legs ? 
  what would you like to have been mentioned specifically ? 
  i think the article was very good . 
  i was very slightly disappointed . 
  i thought the c was for cuddy . 
  cunt . 
  it 's truly an inbox module , not for sending but receiving . 
  notice the method `` def handle ( to , sender , body ) '' , that handles incoming e-mails . 
  what might have confused you is the smtp in the name , where smtp server is usually a server you send mails to , and retrieve them using pop3/imap . 
  however , [ smtp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smtp ) is protocol for both sending and delivering mail between servers . 
  pop3/imap are protocols for retrieving delivered mail from your remote email server . 
  but since this module is itself the server , the name is appropriate , no retrieving is done , just delivering . 
  glad to have helped !, 
  the link contains `` i 'm + feeling + lucky '' , so i gather it 's just googling the string, 
  '' { song title here } site : youtube.com inurl : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=%20 { 0 } '', 
  and `` clicking '' the i 'm feeling lucky button . 
  google then does the trick . 
  the last part of the query ensures that you 're taken to a site containing youtube video . 
  but be wary of using it , because if the second part ( here ` https ' ) is something evaluated to false ( false , null , '' '' i think , and so on ) , then it does not work . 
  edit : grammar, 
  what is the valency of beryllium ? 
  well played !, 
  i 'll take having the choice to do both . 
  i want it . 
  they wo n't add it to the cost of a smarthone . 
  they 'll just add a little outlet to it , that costs nearly nothing , and then you have to buy the mat and the power part to the phone if you want them . 
  if not , disregard it . 
  exactly the opposite . 
  the cost diminishes if you 're making thousands of phones . 
  of course , but we 're talking about the price . 
  that is per phone . 
  the price will go up by very slight sum , you wo n't even notice it among the normal price fluctuations of smartphones . 
  you must be a fun person ... 
  well then , why did you ? 
  `` no core '', 
  really ? 
  it 's basically a helicopter . 
  they 're extremely more expensive to operate than planes . 
  if you 're a billionaire , ok , if not , not feasible at all . 
  i 'm a thousandaire at most , 
  here 's to dreams !, 
  sure , but they still take all the fuel a helicopter would take . 
  hence the `` basically '' . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  edit : wikipedia states that the main rotor is unpowered and in autorotation . 
  i have no idea how to achieve autorotation without the craft falling , however , if it 's true , the fuel consumption is n't probably that bad . 
  there 's just something about dire straits and the lonely night drive . 
  for me it 's [ romeo and juliet ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxfjsnmn88u ) . 
  then ... who was drive ? 
  the alt text is brilliant :d, 
  `` she has a very literal interpretation of the hunger games . '', 
  you can always argue you wanted people around to have internet access , but not access to your private network . 
  yeah ... but , as we , and the law know , corporations are better people : - /, 
  they took ur jjjjbbbbs . 
  yes it does , it ... it insists upon itself . 
  did not care for it . 
  i 'm hoping for north side , that 'd be ... cool , 
  why just inflation ? 
  government spending should increase with increased productivity of the economy ( as represented by growing gdp for instance ) , as well as inflation . 
  however , if they chose not to do it , and go with a percentage of total spending , it 's just as valid . 
  it 's not a graph of total spending on programmes through times , but the relative weight of those programmes in the budget . 
  read the graph for what it tells , do n't tell us what you wish it would be . 
  sexy orwell girl !, 
  can you describe why is it such a stupid idea ? 
  why is it exactly that us europeans are such idiots to indicate when you should prepare to go ? 
  anyhow , if you 'd suspend your tone , i 'd say it 's actually a very good idea for instance for cars that have manual transmission . 
  i do n't see how yellow light before green encourages this ? 
  also , note the progressions is : green -  yellow -  red -  red & yellow at the same time -  green , so yellow before red and yellow before green can not be confused . 
  this is marvellous !, 
  just give up and get a national health care . 
  this is so utterly idiotic . 
  / european, 
  what ? 
  why singapore ? 
  how about france ? 
  britain ? 
  germany ? 
  all of the eu . 
  that 's nearly 500 million people living with free healthcare . 
  do it . 
  now . 
  / european, 
  yup . 
  some things should not be left to free enterprise . 
  but do n't worry , this is getting so ridiculous , even the americans are n't stupid enough to let it continue for very long . 
  it 's not about mirroring europe , it 's about using common sense . 
  your system is evidently not working . 
  single payer systems are . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  exactly , that 's why it 's a very strong clue .
