  [ watch and understand . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bztirdcurui ), 
  i think john actually mentioned it once in his videos that hank was getting more views . 
  probably changed over time . 
  utilise un dictionaire : http://www.wordreference.com/fren/excit%c3%a9, 
  would n't it be better to get the case only in the instance you actually drop the phone ? 
  chances are you 're not gon na break the phone itself by letting it fall on the ground , just maybe the backscreen , and the frontscreen would not be saved anyhow . 
  so , in the event it does fall and breaks something apart from the frontscreen , you can get the cover for it . 
  fucking censorship . 
  could i ask for an explanation on how pay.reddit.com works ? 
  i hereby confirm that you believe you learned that from slaughterhouse five . 
  now is that because the land is more valuable because of the high buildings , or are there high buildings because the land is so valuable ?!, 
  i feel lost . 
  amen . 
  yes , but that does n't explain why the highrises are segregated to a few areas . 
  the logic you use is very correct , but i suspect the highrises started to be built there , because the land was more costly , so they needed more space to rent to pay it off . 
  i guess it 's a positive feedback loop . 
  i think so , yes . 
  maybe that 's why the land is so valuable !, 
  for cutie ? 
  is it such an outlandish idea to you , that there is the possibility of people having different tastes in humour than you ? 
  i do n't watch cleveland since it is n't as good as fg . 
  but let me tell you , family guy is one of my most favourite shows ever created . 
  i absolutely adore the humour in it . 
  i do n't miss any overreaching story line , that 's not why i watch comedy . 
  i watch for the jokes . 
  and fg has the jokes that fit my taste best of all video material ever created . 
  so please , abstain from generalizing about `` bad writing '' . 
  i actually and sincerely love the stuff they create . 
  millions of family guy fans, 
  that is your opinion . 
  mine differs . 
  do you suppose we can peacefully coexist together ? 
  never !, 
  i will never be ashamed of my lame puns . 
  i love my lame puns !, 
  sorry , that 's just your opinion of what comedy writing should be . 
  opinion . 
  they 're `` clips '' are neither garbage nor outdated . 
  offensive they are , and i do n't mind . 
  get over yourself . 
  czech here . 
  that 's bullshit on two fronts :, 
  the person does not understand what race is , and therefore uses the term racism incorrectly . 
  there is n't much hate between our two nations . 
  golden !, 
  :d :d, 
  i use this brilliant site , it has the pronunciation of practically everything :, 
  `` hltal '' actually means '' ( he ) used to swallow '' in the czech language . 
  [ link for the lazy . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/foixtwcq8gi?t=14m42s ), 
  i believe the whole phrase was `` urdu ballsack dong '' . 
  sod cancer . 
  oslo is basically a capital village . 
  a very good one is currently at the top of this subreddit , 
  i use the semicilon when it gets too confusing : 3,7 ; 4,2, 
  i think the fact that the ussr was due east from germany played bigger role than communists being `` leftist '' . 
  well , i would imagine though that the relative price difference remains the same , does n't it ? 
  if n4 is for $ 640 , i think one will go for at least a $ 1000 . 
  i just got the nexus 4 this week . 
  still , though , not a generation behind . 
  i 'd say android phone generation is roughly between 3/4 and 1 full year . 
  n4 is 3-4 months old . 
  we 're half a generation behind at most !, 
  at least that 's what i tell to myself to sleep at night ... :d, 
  wow !, 
  never saw that !, 
  is there the button on the online version of the store somewhere , though ? 
  do n't understand why this is n't way higher . 
  it is brilliant !, 
  unbelievably smooth , and the controls are exceptionally well done !, 
  even flying helicopters is a breeze !, 
  really ? 
  bastards . 
  i hoped it was one of those things they have to enforce , but if you 're using market enabler , they do n't really care that much . 
  good morning , vietnam !, 
  why buying and not selling ? 
  would n't it be better to sell everything right when you 're sure it 's going down , and then rebuy when the market rebounces ? 
  well , not exactly . 
  yes , the dollar is worth what `` we '' decide it is , but the `` we '' here is the us government . 
  because the reason everybody has to use dollars is because taxes are payed in it . 
  you ca n't pay taxes with anything else . 
  therefore it has value . 
  because if all goes well ( for bitcoin ) , a lot of really powerful people will be really angry with it . 
  so far , governments and banks have extraordinary control of currency , and through that the whole economy . 
  with bitcoin , they basically have nothing to control it . 
  and that 's not gon na go well with any government . 
  i fully expect the us government will try and maybe even succeed in making bitcoin illegal in the next 10 years . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  is that possible , do they have the option to give out loans possibly ? 
  learn to english properly , 
  exactly . 
  it 's to be rather expected actually . 
  they are competitors . 
  well ? 
  how did he do it . 
  it is too low even for 1 hour of screen time . 
  thank you for a nice explanation . 
  i realized after my post that my plan is all peachy if only one can really tell if it 's the bubble bursting , or just a fluctuation . 
  damn , that 's just a minor detail !,
