  if you start removing `` leaked '' content without asking , people will just go outside the subreddit to get it , it 's still there , and the subreddit will be compromised . 
  yeah , the name especially . 
  or they could rename it to `` ju ... nctions '' . 
  not really , it 's supposed to be a battery for people living off solar panels ( which do n't work at night ) . 
  15 kwh is plenty for a big family for 24 hours . 
  sadly it 's very inefficient . 
  holy shit . 
  i did the calculation for a european family a while back and found it plenty . 
  i just assumed americans would be similar . 
  that 's fucking crazy amount of electricity . 
  yeah . 
  argentina has exactly zero case and they know it . 
  they 're just agry and venting . 
  do n't bring your filthy logic to his beautifully misguided drawings !, 
   the act of receiving oral sex from a caucasian zimbabwe hooker as she balances a basket of fruit on her head , for every piece of fruit that falls out of the basket , a 2 dollar discount is awarded, 
    i got this mango from the zj i got earlier , two dollars off, 
  i like your comedic style !, 
  well , he did paint on the billboard `` moved to tampa '' . 
  that was pretty wrong . 
  he could n't , because he was rescued by the new guy on the billboard . 
  maybe he could have said he was removing the second paint , but nobody would believe him . 
   could * have *, 
  plus a brick on the gas pedal . 
  can you elaborate on the end part there ? 
  and what 's ar ? 
  i think it 's more like , you refactor one small part of the code , and make it really shiny and you 're happy with yourself , and then you look around and see how shit all the rest of the code looks . 
  you 're a pleasant person . 
  please people , vote this up !, 
  i ca n't believe how poorly jo thought this through . 
  what does he thinks the children will do when they ca n't even get these jobs ? 
  many of them might seriously die of hunger in the streets !, 
  that is not true . 
  every country in the world that is rich today went through that phase . 
  non-western countries like japan , south korea , hong kong , singapore , most prominently china , and others went through it . 
  you start with a poor country , you reform laws making it easy to establish cheap factories , you start making the cheapest things you can make and sell them to the west . 
  and gradually , you start making wider variety of things and things that are more expensive , and you end up with hong kong/south korea/japan/china today . 
  jo really thought this through poorly , which makes me kinda sad . 
  what does he think the children that you throw out of the factory will do ? 
  many of them will be in serious danger of dying of hunger , because any job is better than no job , especially if you 're an orphan or your family is so poor they ca n't take care of you . 
  exactly . 
  not just china . 
  all rich countries went through the sweatshop phase . 
  starting with united kingdom in the 18th century , up to japan , south korea , hong kong , singapore , china and others today . 
  i agree that the lobby will be pushing for muddling through ( nice table btw ) , but what about greece itself ? 
  if i understand it correctly , they should be able to unilaterally end their adoption of the euro and declare bankruptcy . 
  and i believe it is in their best interest in the middle and long term - would you agree ? 
  then if varoufakis is such a no-nonsense guy , why does n't he do this ( or at least push for this ) ? 
  i fully agree with you . 
  arguing the merits of austerity again and again in every thread is just pointless . 
  and i agree austerity is bullshit . 
  but honestly , the downvotes you got you deserved . 
  your post sounded very confrontational , and there 's no need to put the other person down like that . 
  avoiding that makes for a better discussion . 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  and i do n't see any solution to this mess what so ever . 
  and that makes me sad because i liked the idea of the euro . 
  i know , i get that urge very often too . 
  i 'm trying to fight it as much as i can . 
  when it gets to a point like this , i usually just try to point to some article/previous post . 
  if the person really wants to think about it , they can read it . 
  and i ignore most of the replies to remain sane , because they most often just want to push their view . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the whole segment was against child labour in sweatshops . 
  and the crux of the matter is , those children will be severely worse off without those jobs . 
  quite possibly * literally * on the verge of death . 
  it is , they are keeping their currency very low so as to allow sweatshops to continue to operate . 
  which is n't necessarily a bad thing for them , it stimulates the economy allowing it to grow faster . 
  but yes , it delays the benefits to the regular citizens . 
  however , it is a bad thing for other poor countries , because by doing that , they are `` stealing '' sweatshop jobs from countries poorer than them that desperately need them . 
  i was talking more generally , i.e. 
  if i do n't want to discuss a given topic because it 's been beaten to death . 
  you 'll have to look for something yourself on this particular topic . 
  absolutely , 100 % agree with you . 
  they * should * first be educated . 
  but we both know , it 's not going to happen any time soon . 
  so let 's at least not take away their means of survival . 
  i might be working off some erroneous information . 
  i believe countries * can * declare bankruptcy , wikipedia has it as [ sovereign default ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_default ) . 
  maybe you were speaking hyperbolically ? 
  because it sure hurts the country for many many years , that 's true . 
  and onto the second part , if you 'll bear with me - is n't it true that greece 's budget would be in the black if you take out the interest payments on their debts ? 
  i believe i have read statements to that account . 
  that would mean greece could declare bankruptcy , and go on functioning without borrowing . 
  it might actually be a good thing in the long run , because governments would be constrained to not go into debt because of the inability to borrow . 
  then again , i 'm really speculating here , so i 'll welcome any criticism . 
  that sounds great !, 
  well , bankruptcy of an individual and a country is very different . 
  i believe country can unilaterally declare that they will not repay their debts , which i believe is called sovereign default as wikipedia puts it . 
  today , nobody can really force a country to pay up , wars over debts are n't really viable today . 
  you can freeze some assets ( e.g. 
  the argentinian battleship seized by the vulture fund ) , but not nearly enough . 
  maybe if enough countries got together they could issue an embargo , but i do n't think that would happen in case of greece . 
  as i speculated in earlier post , i believe for greece the inability to borrow might actually be welcomed by the country and its citizens . 
  it constrains the perpetually corrupt governments into sane economic policies . 
  i think greece 's name is already mud through and through . 
  and depreciation of their currency is the best thing that could happen to them . 
  it would jump start their economy . 
  more exports less imports , more jobs , more tourists . 
  for all these reasons i just can not understand why varoufakis did n't already leave the eurozone . 
  i still hope he 's preparing it .
