  in history , you could persuade them through war , but that 's no longer an option . 
  also , germany after wwi stopped paying their debt , and nobody did anything about it . 
  so the downside is he 'll be forced to save instead of spend frivolously ? 
  i call that a win-win . 
  not true , they ran a primary surplus last year ( i.e. 
  more money taken in than given out , when not counting debt interest payments ) , and they can do it again and again . 
  it 'll actually be good for them to run a balanced budget . 
  they can , but eu does n't want them to , because they would lose the money . 
  it 's extremely unlikely that eu would punish greece for declaring bankruptcy by throwing them out of the eu , since that would drive greece into the hands of russia , which eu wants to prevent . 
  and lastly , do you really think that would ever pass the congress ? 
  you are misinformed :, 
   because of the lack of reparation payments by germany , france occupied the ruhr in 1923 to enforce payments , causing an international crisis that resulted in the implementation of the dawes plan in 1924 . 
  this plan outlined a new payment method and raised international loans to help germany to meet her reparation commitments . 
  despite this , by 1928 germany called for a new payment plan , resulting in the young plan that established the german reparation requirements at 112 billion marks ( us$ 26.3 billion ) and created a schedule of payments that would see germany complete payments by 1988 . 
  ** with the collapse of the german economy in 1931 , reparations were suspended for a year and in 1932 during the lausanne conference they were cancelled altogether ** . 
  between 1919 and 1932 , germany paid less than 21 billion marks in reparations [ out of the original 132 billion ] . 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i_reparations, 
  ah , i 'm sorry , slightly old info . 
  yeah , syriza decided to placate the people with more spending , but they can return to a balanced budget when it 'll become necessary . 
  not at all . 
  eu can function quite well without a single currency . 
  eu does n't need to be fully federalized , what we have is still much better than nothing and politicians know that . 
  yes , economists believe that eu is n't an optimal currency area and that more currencies are needed for optimal coverage . 
  so why would this `` no '' which significantly rises the chanes of greece leaving the eurozone , thus leading to actual recovery of the greek economy be a pyrrhic victory ? 
  yeah , that 's a big speculation on your part . 
  of course they can if they really have to because there 's no other way . 
  and eurovision was meant to be a serious music competition . 
  what it was `` secretly '' meant to be does n't dictate what it will be . 
  and no , eu as it is now , is already very relevant globally . 
  that 's not suicidal at all , both greek and italian economies were doing exactly that successfully for half a century before they switched to the euro . 
  wow , that 's crazy development !, 
  wwvbd, 
  training for space . 
  what has n't been shitty for greeks this week . 
  bretton-woods system was n't a currency . 
  it was n't exactly an * absolute * failure , it worked acceptably over 20 years . 
  it just failed in the end . 
  well , the entirety of the field of economics has an anti-euro fetish ( in eurozone 's current form ) , so it makes perfect sense . 
  and then man makes money to buy from other man !, 
  that does n't look correct , i do n't see the huge central european time ( cet ) zone . 
  it 's basically half the continent on one time zone and it 's not here . 
  ok , my bad . 
  it 's there !, 
  it 's a helluva lot smaller than i was expecting . 
  only if the father is pussy whipped . 
  install [ wordreference dictionary app ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wordreference ) . 
  set moon reader dictionary to `` customized online dictionary '' with this url : `` http://www.wordreference.com/esen/%s '' . 
  now when you open any word in a dictionary , it will open in the wordreference app that has great conjugations . 
  you will need an internet connection though , but that 's a small price to pay . 
  edit : wordreference supports a really wide range of languages , so everyone should check it out !, 
  i 'm not trying to wise crack or something . 
  yes , real life is incredibly complex . 
  but i can say this , because if a father disowns his own son because he 's afraid of reaction of his wife , i * define * that as pussy-whipped . 
  it might not be your definition , but it is mine . 
   so yes , greece needs to get out of the ** eurozone ** as soon as they can , and proceed to stay as far away as they can from it while rebuilding their economy , and for all eternity after that . 
  ftfy, 
  the people who are downvoting him should go and look at history as he says . 
  nobody is saying it out loud , but i believe everybody knows that a grexit means defaulting on debt . 
  after all , the debt * is * unsustainable , as almost everybody has agreed by now . 
  practically every other country but germany is depressing germany 's exchange rate , because germany has the lowest internal inflation of them all . 
  germany is making money off the backs of everybody in the eurozone . 
  if that 's an honest question , then here 's milton friedman on the eurozone in 1997 : [ the euro : monetary unity to political disunity ? 
  read more at http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/the-euro--monetary-unity-to-political-disunity#szifh2wxzodayfgz.99] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/the-euro--monetary-unity-to-political-disunity ), 
  do n't crush his dreams . 
  he can be the first english teacher working in antarctica !, 
  oh god , i would hate to learn czech , so much stuff to memorize !, 
  why ? 
  that 's the worst reason for which someone has learned a language that i 've ever heard . 
  why ca n't you use the normal image search ? 
  wo n't you just think of the children !, 
  i would have thought that if you ca n't figure out the connection from the image itself , then the image is not useful . 
  currency devaluations are n't illegal , the czech republic just did a strong devaluation one or two years back , from 26 to 28czk/eur . 
  the problems with the eurozone friedman and other economists predicted will not manifest itself a few years after adoption . 
  problems such as 1 . low german internal inflation compared to all other countries are just starting to manifest themselves now -- german products are starting to push all other from the markets , and 2 . what will a monetary union without a fiscal union do in times of trouble -- greece . 
  so data suggests euro is a pretty big failure on multiple fronts . 
  yes , it 's a clearly working fiscal union . 
  [ czech republic devalued its own currency against the euro in 2013 . ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-11-27/shunning-euro-pays-off-for-czechs-favoring-koruna-currencies ) . 
  i live there , and nobody ever mentioned anything about it being illegal . 
  which we would n't do if it was of course . 
  devaluation is not illegal . 
  i think you 're responding to the wrong post . 
  i 'm not talking about any goal , i 'm talking about the reason why she picked the language in the first place , the reason being the absolutely atrocious band of cacophony known as tokio hotel . 
  i do n't think you understood the article . 
  the move was deliberate by the central bank to boost our the export and lower the imports to the country thus stimulating the economy . 
  read it carefully or find another article that 's easier to read for you . 
  well , they get paid for it handsomely . 
  [ wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hop-up_%28airsoft%29 ) if anyone 's interested . 
  a term originating in military recruit training , which refers to an intense physical training session , usually initiated as a form of punishment for minor infractions , where one or more individuals typically do rigorous physical activity until exhaustion and/or muscle failure . 
  well , you can save an hour or maybe two !, 
  the eurotunnel takes just about 30 minutes !, 
  i was wondering what the etymology was . 
  i assumed the sergeant just sat there smoking cigarettes or cigars to spite the trainee . 
  that video . 
  as they should , because gas is extremely pollutant ( causes grave negative externalities ) , and should be disincentivized . 
  what would the children in africa give for that food ? 
  -- my mother, 
  not at * all * true . 
  oil dependence is only inelastic in the short term , but it 's * very * elastic in the long term . 
  yes , short term , people are going to buy almost as much oil with taxes as without . 
  but in the long term , high cost of oil makes people shift to alternative solutions .
