  gorgeous !, 
  can i get a link for the background image pretty please ?? 
  why mint 13 may i ask ? 
  most settings sticks when upgrading , and the rest you can restore . . 
  ca n't really help you , but maybe this will point you in the right direction :, 
  i 'm not sure what a polarity mark is  could you link me to some guide ? 
  what is the tool that writes the info about the machine on the console ? 
  well , some would say it 's not an orbit , but a ballistic curve , if it 's heading into the ground . 
  can you imagine the lag though ? 
  just wondering , how would i do that ? 
  hey ... hurd is coming !, 
  assistant ** to the ** manager . 
  that 's quite inaccurate in chronological time over 10000 years . 
  no , because the us holds a large debt , and thus has to pay money to service it each month . 
  pay interest on the debt . 
  combine this with the fact that the federal budget for this year is in the red numbers , i.e. 
  the us spends more then it takes in . 
  end result , not enough money to pay the interest . 
  and if you 're not paying interest , you may as well default , because your interest rates are going to go through the fucking roof for not paying on time . 
  the us basically emits iou bonds that say that the us will repay you the debt after some time . 
  thus if the us default , and does n't pay any of its debts , and then gets into a crisis and needs money , a war for instance , it can issue a new set of ious . 
  now these ious are bought by normal people as well as banks and fonds . 
  but none of these people will be willing to lend the us anything , because they know the us would just default again . 
  in that case , the interest rate would be non-existent , because no borrowing would take place . 
  if it did take place in some small amount , the lenders would want astronomical returns for the huge risk they 're taking . 
  maybe 100 % interest and only if guaranteed by something . 
  probably from a lamp post . 
  does anyone know if the game engine renders the sound of a falling tree if no player is within sound range ? 
  this is brilliant , thank you !, 
  if you post this into r/french , you 'll milk some serious karma , i was looking for something like this for some time !, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah ... 
  i literally fell on my tooth on the pool edge when i was about 12 . 
  i saw half of one and quarter of another tooth float away . 
  i had been frequent flier of dentists all through my adolescence , they had to change my artificial tooth as my mouth evolved :d now it 's a-ok though , so , thank god , 
  yes , sometimes you have to swallow a shit sandwich or two . 
  the thing is , i always fear i 've had some sort of a system in laying out those papers ... and by stacking them then i 'm losing structure . 
  of course i probably never had any system in the first place , but ... 
  yep , i do exactly that , 
  they do n't and they know it as well as we do . 
  itt : someone posting itt thinking they 're making a funny observation . 
  because i 'm quite tired of this meme/template . 
  it adds nothing to the discussion and it 's very tiresome . 
  good to know !, 
  how appropriate domain hosting ... 
  but there 's a trend of less and less contested territories , so that would be biased too , just differently . 
  and of course the horrible pilot of us red dwarf ... oh god , the horrors i have witnessed . 
  it basically is . 
   i never had the urge so strong to break my laptop screen , reading this greentext . 
  that bitch . . 
  superfluous comma there buddy . 
  both of which are highly disputed . 
  the article states that an organization that comprises 2/3rds of the mds in denmark ( quite intelligent people i would think ) does not agree with both of those claims . 
  they specifically say that the benefits are outweighted by the negatives ( loss of sensation - which you can not compare yourself ) , and the high incidence of complications . 
  read the article please . 
  and do not cut off parts of your sons dick . 
  that just feels so unnatural . 
  how do you think he remembers it !, 
  are you 12 , or just really irresponsible ? 
  central europe , especially czechoslovakia and eastern germany were highly developed economies . 
  czechoslovakia had one of the highest gdp per capita in europe between the wars . 
  counter point , `` in 1938 czechoslovakia held a 10th place in the world industrial production . '', 
  therefore that should answer your question where was a socialist revolution in a democracy with a developed economy . 
  actually , ratting out and not being ratted upon is the best outcome . 
  he won !, 
  most headlines ending with a question mark can be simply answered by no . 
  i 'm not british and he 's right . 
  history comprises about 6 thousand years where slavoury and mindless killing was absolutely the norm , and only about 150 years where it was n't . 
  for instance , you ca n't judge romans by 21st century standards , because everybody behaved savagely in those times . 
  `` you might very well think that , i could n't possibly comment . '', 
  that was exactly the point . 
  exactly , it 's only savagely by 21st century standards . 
  we agree on this , i do n't know what 's to discuss here . 
  when you say suspend , do you mean poweroff , suspend-to-ram ( sleep ) or suspend-to-disk ( hibernate ) . 
  and if one of the latter two , what exact method are you using ? 
  what ? 
  you can turn 100 $ into 1100 $ , so that argument makes no sense . 
  and i pretty much prefer it before the number , it just looks prettier , and i 'm a mainland european . 
  yeah , it 's not that easy if you 're building up to world level , that 's a lot of blocks . 
  me and a friend , we actually made a functional * shears tower * ( we had a sheep farm inside  which contained about 28 floors and our whole base was in it , including animal farm , wheat farm , automated melon farm , tree farm , laboratory for experiments , chicken pen for leveling up , even a not very successful mob grinder  . 
  and the whole structure had a series of elevators which allowed very fast travel anywhere in the building !, 
  [ shears tower - a few screenshots i found when the tower was not yet fully furnished . 
  last year , we made also fully livable ge building replica next to it , but i do n't have any screenshots here unfortunately . 
  you just talk about pointing a gun at a police and you 'll be doing time . 
  guns do n't help you against no police . 
  yeah , that dissuaded me too . 
  however , came back a year later , and honestly , it 's all fixed up . 
  i had no complaints , and use it often !, 
  give it a second try , it 's matured a lot . 
  used it years ago , even then it worked very well !, 
  and across different platforms no less . 
  basically , skype is proprietary microsoft blob and nobody knows what it really does . 
  by running it in a container , you can safely limit what it can do . 
  i think both . 
  this only counters one , you still have to count with the other . 
  yeah , i switched to mumble and it 's pretty awesome . 
  unfortunately outside of that there is n't any good alternative to skype . 
  installed tox yesterday , they still did n't implement calling , 
  i 'll give it a try , thanks !, 
  is steam used as the desktop environment or is there gnome or something ?
