  if you copy `` me '' 9 times , there 's going to be 10 of `` me '' . 
  the stream of consciousness of every living human is interrupted every single day by sleep , so i do n't recognize that line of reasoning as valid . 
  when you wake up from sleep it matters not what hardware you are running on , you 're booting up all the same . 
  of course not . 
  i wo n't grow telepathy by being copied . 
  but what i consider `` myself '' will live on in some body in tahiti as well as in my body which i inhabit now . 
  and both these people will consider themselves to be the one who wrote this comment ( assuming you copy me tomorrow ) . 
  i wo n't even know which one inhabits the original hardware if you wo n't tell me , because my stream of consciousness will be severed by sleep anyway . 
  there is never an uninterrupted stream of consciousness through which to verify you were never copied . 
  i feel like my words are just bouncing off you . 
   sure , but the entire premise of the episode in question is that humans have created a `` heaven on earth '' in which they can continue living . 
  if it 's truly just a copy , then the goal is n't met . 
  the goal is met completely . 
  you just go to sleep in your body and wake up in the simulation . 
  it does n't matter whether you were copied or transferred ( whatever that might be when we 're talking about brains ) . 
  the result is the same , the consciousness you consider `` yourself '' went to sleep and woke up again . 
  it 's completely the same as the sleep you had last night , the only difference is someone moved you to a new hardware . 
  but `` you '' live on . 
  remember , you are software , not hardware . 
  have you ever moved a computer file between two disks ? 
  do you know how it 's done ? 
  the file is copied to the new disk and then deleted from the old one . 
  that 's what a transfer is . 
  nothing more . 
   you go to sleep , but the thing that wakes up in the simulation is not the mind that 's currently sleeping ; it 's a copy of that mind . 
  but it * is * the mind that 's currently sleeping that will wake up , it 's the exact copy of it , therefore it is the same thing as the mind is only the data , the software . 
  when the copying is done while unconscious ( sleep or death as discussed here ) , then even `` you '' ca n't tell which is the `` original '' , which is the `` copy '' . 
  not that it even matters one bit . 
  ah , thank you !, 
  it did n't occur to me to explain it in the nomenclature of the `` soul '' as i indeed do not believe in it . 
   sleeping does n't properly interrupt the stream of consciousness though , you are aware while you dream . 
  it is more like putting consciousness on standby . 
  in some cases and during parts of your sleep you might be aware , but during others you are not . 
  consciousness is interrupted . 
   now in the case of yorkie , if she 's told she 's getting transfered into the cloud when in reality they simultaneously copy her brain and kill her, 
  same thing . 
  well , if you 're not aware , it matters not if you are conscious or not , you still wo n't be able to tell if you are a `` copy '' or the `` original '' when you wake up . 
  if you 're not aware during sleep . 
  i was reacting to your argument :, 
   it could very like turn or that sleep does n't actually ever halt the stream of consciousness , just pauses our awareness . 
  we just disagree about the very definitions of the basic elements , therefore we may never reach agreement . 
  i 've been trying to point out the basic incongruities between our world views in the past comments , but i 've officially ran out of motivation to continue this discussion , sorry . 
  have a great life !, 
  san francisco is definitely furthest along . 
  for anyone confused , * lake constance * is also known as * bodensee * . 
  the thing that really bothers me is that you ca n't put it to sleep in `` tablet mode '' . 
  you either have to wait the 10 minutes for it to time out to sleep , or close the keyboard all the way down , which is a hassle to do every time . 
  wtf ? 
  but whatever , flip is awesome as fuck nonetheless . 
  the dubbers do n't have additional information beyond this movie , so they just had to make an assumption . 
  beautifully written . 
  all for naught . 
  ... kindergarten . 
  it makes you more gullible . 
   so we believe ourselves to be more moral than others , and we make these judgments irrationally . 
  what are the consequences ? 
  on the plus side , feelings of moral superiority could , in theory , protect our well-being . 
  for example , there is danger in mistakenly believing that people are more trustworthy or loyal than they really are , and approaching others with moral skepticism may reduce the likelihood that we fall prey to a liar or a cheat . 
  see ? 
  you 're very gullible . 
  they 're actually pretty moral compared to you !, 
  it 's a joke !, 
  especially that one !, 
  he 's so different than anyone else , and thoroughly refreshing !, 
   why do our nation 's english departments consistently accept several times as many graduate students as their bespoke job market can sustain ? 
  english departments are the only employers demanding the credentials that english doctoral programs produce . 
  so why do we invite young scholars to spend an average of nearly 10 years grading papers , teaching classes , writing dissertations , and training for jobs that do n't actually exist ? 
  english departments do this because graduate students are the most important element of the academy 's polarized labor market . 
  they confer departmental prestige . 
  they justify the continuation of tenure lines , and they guarantee a labor surplus that provides the cheap , flexible labor that universities want . 
  wow . 
  same here , such a great book !, 
  the governments will have the guns though . 
  well , one thing comes to mind : if you have a chance of an upgrade , you 're less likely pay for the higher tier . 
  he did n't . 
  he just showed a plane with the front pointing to the right , whereas in the link you point to the plane is pointing to the left . 
  it 's a rationalization . 
  if the books were good , you 'd read them . 
  therefore since you have n't read the author 's work , it must be bad . 
  it did n't look like it was burning up , it was actually burning up !, 
  it 's designed for it , though . 
  damn , now i 'm sad !, 
  it * is * a gag post ... 
  sandler is a great actor when given the chance . 
  that might not be the best budgetary decision ... 
  i think there is a discernible difference between * caste * and * class * . 
  class is fluent , you can move from the bottom ranks to the top ( though , granted , it 's not easy ) . 
  with caste , if you 're born aj untouchable , you 'll die an untouchable . 
  that 's why i consider it much more despicable than class-based stratification of society . 
  i was thinking the same thing !, 
  thank gods for spy satellites , we got a live telemetry of the stage 1 landing !, 
  for those confused , `` gene '' is jimmy 's identity post-bb . 
  do you find villages and smaller cities congested ? 
  congestion grows with the size of the city . 
  why ? 
  because cities grow in 3 dimensions while the road network only in 2 . 
  thus mathematics dictates that the bigger the city gets , the more it will be congested . 
  however , musk proposes adding the missing 3rd dimension to the road network . 
  you wo n't have just one layer of tunnels underground , you will have ultimately layer upon layer , ever growing with the city . 
  that will eliminate the mathematical certainty of congestion since both the population and the road network will grow in 3 dimensions , and thus it will be possible to have a metropolis the size of los angeles congested the same as a small town of 10,000 people .
