  pie control, 
  well , if you do it that way , you have to put redstone dust right underneath it , so it powers the rail . 
  and i have actually a complex redstone system , that takes which number you pressed , and turns the railway turnouts in each floor accordingly . 
  if the button was one block higher , i ca n't get the redstone signal under the floor unfortunatelly : - /, 
  if 80 % of men , and as someone commented , the women too , do it ? 
  no , it 's way better not to know . 
  that way you actually can have a relationship . 
  those remaining 20 % are already taken . 
  thanks for the response . 
  i wondered if i really was alone in this . 
  i do n't contest the cheating part at all . 
  i 'm saying 80 % of men , and high percentage of women , would cheat with a great looking person if given the opportunity . 
  i 'm saying , let 's deal with it . 
  it 's gon na happen , it 's a biological imperative . 
  and no , people are not gon na change . 
  well , we 're clashing here on the definition of a relationship . 
  i personally am not a fan of monogamous relationships . 
  i 've seen too much in this world to know that it does n't work , and i really hate to be a hypocrite so i do n't want to lie about it . 
  for me sex and love are separate . 
  and the notion of a `` cheater '' in the derogatory sense you used it just disappears . 
  i want to try something different , a relationship where we do n't have to lie to each other , and can be happy . 
  i know this is hard to implement , and probably not for everybody , but it really works for me . 
  so far that is . 
  i do n't ever want to find myself in a situation , like a friend i know who cheats on a girl he proposed to just two weeks ago . 
  i want to line in a more honest world . 
  we have these urges , and they 're not going away , whatever happens . 
  let 's deal with the problem , not hide it away . 
  most people in the world live with partners that would cheat with a really highly attractive person . 
  men and women alike . 
  those magical 20 % you 're waiting for are n't all magical honest people . 
  there may be some , but most are just ... not given that opportunity to cheat , they 're not tempted . 
  that 's the sad state of affairs . 
  what do you mean by `` allow them to '' ? 
  would you make cheating illegal , or how ? 
  i am a cynic , yes  i find it the best mindset to observe this weird world of ours . 
  to each his own . 
  good luck . 
  i just recently learned morse , and i was able to decode the message without any help !, 
  well , without the special symbols , but , i dont give a shit !, 
  `` i dont really know morse code i just used a translator i found on google i am ashamed and you should be too '', 
  no shame here . 
  i considered it , but it 's a lot of preparation each day , if you want to listen to the courrent one each day . 
  yeah , i 'm usually pro social policy , but wow , the spanish regulations on work contracts are just not a model that can work in the real world . 
  so ... a stroke of semen ? 
  try [ ** presseurop ** ] ( http://www.presseurop.eu/fr ) , a european news portal that translates all articles into 10 languages , including french and english . 
  the articles are quite good and interesting , we use them in my french conversation course . 
  try radio [ chante france ] ( http://tunein.com/radio/chante-france-909-s25832/ ) , they play only french songs . 
  and if you hear something you like , get it , 
  hey dwight , 
  :d but if not for dwight , one of the most interesting characters ever on tv , nobody would know about your obscure little comunity !, 
  this is where i got my copy of [ waiting for godot/en attendant godot ] ( http://www.bookdepository.co.uk/waiting-for-godoten-attendant-godot-samuel-beckett/9780802144638 ) , which is brilliant , because the book is written by the author himself in both languages . 
  it was n't really `` translated '' , both are originals . 
  bookdepository is your friend - free postage to the entire world . 
  there are people that visit reddit only sometimes , and not spend their lives on it . 
  for instance , i have n't seen this . 
  if you ca n't handle ignoring a link you happen to have already seen , you should just leave reddit as a whole . 
  awesome !, 
  and there 'll be a katana fight with the bride . 
  get this extension : https://proxtube.com/, 
  unblocks all of youtube for us outside the us of a. 
  i read it as `` rape tape '' . 
  i 've just learned 4200 new french words in 10 months using anki . 
  try it , it is revolutionary . 
  and free !, 
  here in europe it is at least 5 for full time students . 
  i really do n't believe those 3 . . 
  can you explain ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  netflix was using showstealer ? 
  male, 
  what do you mean by `` destroys its own market if it succeeds ? '', 
  exactly . 
  also they 'll have practically a monopoly on building big space stuff , and that 's enormous . 
  well , the thing is , governments would n't want to , because they would n't have exclusive monopoly . 
  they would just be the only company to have the resources to do it . 
  nothing the government can/wants to do with that . 
  however , should they want to , you can always order the ceo to do something , and if he does n't you put him in jail ... 
  and i can verify there are way over 50 000 people in that picture . 
  as interesting as that would be , until humanity colonizes another planet there wo n't be rougue space companies . 
  because they need to sell here on earth , which is easily blocked by governments . 
  spacex 2020s !, 
  the problem is , marx wrote his capital in the 19th century . 
  the field of economics ( which was n't then even called economics , but political economy ) was half its age than it is now . 
  and we knew less then half the things we know now . 
  he basically read the latest works of david ricardo and made his theory from it . 
  however , he understood it quite poorly in many points , and any economics master student could tell you several points where he went very wrong . 
  for this reason , i would n't give marx 's prediction much thought today . 
  it is extremely outdated work that was poorly logically constructed even at that time . 
  source : i 'm an economics student . 
  well , not major ... but i could seriously see the hungarians being dumb enough to actually invade southern parts of slovakia that have hungarian speaking population and hungarians are claiming them for several decades now . 
  and that would be very fucking interesting . 
  well , there 's a whole wiki page for that : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticisms_of_marxism#economic, 
  and for instance this article :, 
  basically , he reasoned , from his poor understanding of economics , that wages and living standard would go down because of capitalism and people would be worse off then ever . 
  and that 's exactly opposite of what had happened . 
  the 20th century was the most prosperous century for all people on the planet earth . 
  even the most destitute and poor people in africa were better off compared to anything that came before . 
  not even when they inevitably elect a fascistic government ? 
  i 'm not sure anyone can predict what happens then . 
  i 'm not saying it 's likely .
