  well you do n't know that , maybe it 's factorial !, 
  but people on the internet are bloody liars !, 
  you ca n't trust anybody !, 
  you ca n't even trust this comment !, 
  i think they 'd much prefer a domestic booster . 
  and spacex has the best price anyway . 
  it 's better not to have to rely on foreign rockets even in an emergency situation . 
  and they do have the option . 
  -- michael scott, 
  i like that they are rejoining the group , but i 'm really hoping the writers have learned and left tandy for dead . 
  if tandy comes back , i 'll probably quit the show . 
  it was truly exceptional cringe . 
  the only other work that i think is comparable is the original uk version of the office with ricky gervais . 
  but there it was much better * quality * of cringe . 
  clearly , we have no wings . 
  musk says he will make space available to the everyday joe , so they wo n't need to train people to be astronauts for them to go to space . 
  that made me smile !, 
  and i love that they cut off the video of the f9 core landing in just the right moment . 
  wild card !, 
  ted in scrubs ? 
  i 'm not sure if they accurately portrayed his depression , it was more of a comic relief . 
  boy you respond fast . 
  i recommend getting a reddit notifier extension if you have firefox or chrome . 
  it 's ingenious !, 
  dude , i 'm usually the one defending the users , seldom the mods , but / u/jebusgobson is absolutely right . 
  your people skills absolutely need a lot of work . 
  and saying that is absolutely * not * a personal attack , it 's a politely expressed opinion . 
  if you 'll try to be civil and engage in a polite discussion once in a while , you 'll get away with / pol / memes if you so desire . 
  i think you mean the rightful buttom-left corner of serbia !, 
  well , only a half . 
  ireland is still present !, 
  with your eyes !, 
  question : why are you ( and several other people ) suddenly commenting here ? 
  the post is over a week old . 
  was it linked to from somewhere ? 
  still , a week old threat and i got 3 new posters here within a 2 hour window . 
  seems suspicious . 
  aaah , thanks !, 
  maldives are there , they 're just titled in some weird script . 
  there might be a site called torrentz where you could try searching for them , hypothetically . 
  i 'd wager it was some migration news in the media and people wanted to discuss it . 
  ask and ye shall receive : https://www.flickr.com/photos/55497864@n00/4547144485, 
  no no no , she voted for gaddafi . 
  i thought white-out was what one did when black people moved into the neighbourhood ? 
  well , they were in the desert at that point . 
  now they have much better chances . 
   but even if the group did try and have 20 or 30 kids , the population would probably collapse after one or two generations . 
  there just would n't be enough generic diversity . 
  i think it would n't be catastrophic . 
  some aristocratic families have been inbreeding for centuries and they still live . 
  for like 6 or 7 seasons i thought they called him `` super hands '' . 
  i immediately thought the same thing !, 
  absolutely the same for me !, 
  the stargate program . 
  been there , it 's awesome !, 
  one can simply walk into the bulding and take a stroll on that bridge connecting the two buildings on top !, 
  alien abduction . 
  that coupled with the fact that now he just does n't have to any more , all his companies are already world famous . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt5cgx1vpek ), 
  why not from malm\u00f6 ? 
  and the map says it takes 19.5 hours to drive , so two , three days max . 
  nobody really knows how it works , but there * are * theories on how it works . 
  the drive was actually created by two teams independently , and both had different ideas of why they think it should work . 
  one theory is as of yet not disproved i believe , the other already has been . 
  that license plate seems extremely long for such a small country . 
  even with that wasteful naming scheme you have there you have a capacity for ** 1 million ** registered cars each year in each region ( such as [ d ] ublin ) . 
  for a country of 5 million , that 's bloody excessive !, 
  where the hell is that ?? 
  it looks like the `` street level '' is in the middle of the building , what gives ?!, 
  fascinating !, 
  well , i too find / r/europemeta a bit of a convenient place to move dissent out of sight to , but i still have hope for some mods . 
  namely , / u/hjongoldrake , could i ask you to comment on this topic ? 
  big thanks for your time . 
  huh ? 
  so you think it * is * off topic , or it * is n't * off topic ? 
  that post is impossible to read . 
  the vast majority of the contents of this subreddit are local stories . 
  i did n't post this , but i see it more as an indictment of the swedish judicial system more than a critique of migrants . 
  9 months in juvy for a gang rape ? 
  she was raped 6 times in a row , for christ 's sakes !, 
  do you know what that does to a person ? 
  while he should n't have editorialized the headline , i believe it is relevant information . 
  the indictment is that * because * they are migrants they get far more lenient treatment . 
   you know full well what kind of comments & discussion these kind of articles create , and very little of which pertains to the swedish judicial system . 
  the comments were actually mostly aimed at the judicial system . 
  please do n't let your prejudice blind you . 
  what ? 
  the article points out a fact and we discussed said fact . 
  unless you can show me a better article , this one was the best one available . 
  that 's actually a poignant point . 
  crimes * against * migrants are always present on the sub , but crimes * of * migrants are not really that welcome it seems . 
  come on , mods , is this really good moderation ? 
  the article claims the sentences for gang rape were 9 months in juvy for one person , and even less or nothing for others . 
  that 's the fact . 
  the discussion then was that this sentence was far too lenient . 
  the discussed explanation was that it was because the perpetrators were refugees . 
  it 's a question whether it 's true or not , but that 's why there is a discussion , to * discuss * it . 
  i can discuss whatever i wish relating to a posted article . 
  i see no reason to be bound by your weird rules .
