  ejection seat is stock or some mod ? 
  i think that misses the point . 
  again , i think that misses the point . 
  yugoslavian nationalists did n't proclaim yugoslavia a nation . 
  they fought for their own nation to have a state . 
  well which ? 
  well , i 'm not able to read much , but those look like totally different websites , hence the question . 
  by the way , installing and updating mods manually one by one sucks . 
  get [ ckan ] ( http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/100067-the-comprehensive-kerbal-archive-network-%28ckan%29-package-manager-v1-5-0-24-dec-2014 ) mod manager !, 
  we czechs love us some art !, 
  prague , czech republic . 
  renowned for being beautiful , and czechs will understand you a bit if you speak polish , though trying english or german first is always better . 
  brilliant , incredible work !, 
  i have one question though , by your estimation , how much more difficult if possible at all would it be to do it with a mk1 command pod instead of the hotseat ? 
  can you elaborate on the last sentence ? 
  that 's fascinating !, 
  are there really cases where someone was senteced for self-defence in nyc ? 
  ak as in ak-47 ? 
  that 's hardly a weapon for self-defense . 
  because a small handgun is all you need for self defense in the us . 
  if you have , carry , and shoot ak-47 , you are extremely dangerous and can kill hundreds of people in minutes . 
  i actually shot an ak-47 and yes , you can kill hundreds of people with it in minutes , you just need mags and a gathering of people . 
  you need to think before you open your mouth . 
  well , could you do it with a handgun ? 
  with ak you have big mags , with a handgun it 'd take hours . 
   where ? 
  at a gun range , they had a discount on it  i actually love shooting guns , big and small , but i am against ownership of anything past a handgun . 
  i 'm not saying it 's easy , i 'm saying that unlike with handguns , it is possible , even though hard . 
  take a trolley of mags and have it with you , you can easily carry 200 + rounds worth of mags . 
  hell 200 rounds you can carry in a small backpack . 
  take a gathering of people from where there 's no easy exit , or just a small exit , and start shooting . 
  say if you somehow got ak-47 on a 800 people plane ? 
  if there 's no air marshall , there 's no other gun but yours , and there 's no escape . 
  apart from the difficulties of shooting in a plane , you can easily kill all those people . 
  that 's why nobody outside of the army should own such a gun . 
  in self-defense you have to use appropriate force . 
  you ca n't kill someone that just pushed you , and an ak-47 is inappropriate force in my book , though you might live in a different neighbourhood than i do . 
  capability does n't imply intent , it implies capability . 
  nobody should be capable of this , that 's how you get mass shootings . 
  warning shots or not , i fully agree with the courts that firing an ak-47 in a city should be a punishable offense . 
  and `` only '' 33 deaths and 23 injured . 
  not remotely hundreds . 
  i 'm not saying it ever was higher in the us . 
  i 'm saying that unlike with a handgun , it is possible . 
  i tried the imi desert eagle , my fingers hurt the whole day :-d, 
   a handgun or rifle are equally deadly depending on the motive of the user . 
  well , that 's the thing we 're arguing . 
  i do n't think that 's right at all . 
  killing with a handgun is at least 5 times slower than with an ak-47 , giving people more time to escape , overpower you or the authorities to arrive . 
  hence given the most heinous motive - kill as many as possible - ak-47 is way deadlier . 
  well , on a trolley you can carry over 1000 rounds easy . 
  you can also shoot better . 
  i actually love shooting guns , big and small . 
  i loved shoting ak-47 when it was on discount at the gun range  but i 'm against personal ownership of such killing machine . 
  how about basic physics ? 
  am i the only one capable of using a brain to work out stuff ? 
  it feels like talking to a wall . 
  i 'm out . 
  [ trolley ] ( http://www.ashfield.nsw.gov.au/images/customer_service/shopping-trolley-hc-120l-.jpg ) , the name varies by location though so that might be the source of the confusion . 
  semi . 
  fully automatic are illegal even in the states ( i hope ) . 
  no , it 's more accurate and you need to change clips way less often , that 's what 's slowing you down , not pulling the trigger . 
  and by god , if you go fully automatic , it 's a massacre . 
  the nightman !, 
  the phrase actually goes `` pulling out a clinton '' . 
  well , they 're trading the other way . 
  i agree they are making a bank , africa has large untapped potential . 
  well , let 's be honest , people from western countries have plenty of advantages over people coming from africa . 
  better educational background on average being just one of them . 
  sure many africans are well educated . 
  but orders of magnitude less on average . 
  and westerners would be conducting business between their country and china , africa would n't be involved at all . 
  yes , africa is untapped , but actually a tiny amount of business is done there in comparison to western countries . 
  westerners have more money to spend , buy more , have more things to sell . 
  that 's what developed economy means . 
  advantages upon advantages . 
  that was never the topic , the topic is why it is considered remarkable that africans are making more than white collar chinese , whereas with white people it is considered ordinary . 
  exactly . 
  it 's got nothing to do with race , and everything to do with culture . 
  i do n't want turkey in the eu not because `` all turks are terrorists '' or whatever , but because they do n't share our european culture and values . 
  yes , but the difference between poland and portugal is vastly smaller than between poland and turkey . 
  plenty of times , one example comes to mind - `` colonization '' of the americas . 
  europeans `` set fire to the natives ' hosues '' and you got ta admit , the problem has been `` solved '' for a long time . 
  if you think violence does n't solve anything , use more violence . 
  it 's sad , but let 's not be delusional , let 's live in reality . 
  this muslim police officer died yesterday for france defending the right to free speech and the lives of writers that mocked his religion . 
  you 'll like [ game ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1848902/ ) [ change ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/game_change_%28film%29 ) !, 
  if you think war and genocide are 16th century methods , i 'm not the one who is delusional . 
  between 1972 and 1974 , the wtc was actually the tallest building in the world , so those guys were actually * on top of the whole world !, 
  world trade center was certainly a taller building than mt. 
  everest !, 
  i think i understand a closed hydraulic system , it 's a tube with hard-to-compress fluid and you push on one end of the tube and it pushes on the other . 
  i ca n't find how an `` open hydraulic system '' would work . 
  could you please eli15 ? 
  depends on the point of view . 
  really cool doc , thanks !, 
  you 're flying high !, 
  well , the question is is there a way down there ? 
  a ladder or anything , like in the episode . 
  it does n't have to be an `` elevator system '' .
