  before the creation of th continent of australia ? 
  so you are saying earth is only as old as the english language ? 
  what 's ln ? 
   i 'll go out on a limb here ... 
  ftfy, 
  also , who does n't ? 
  falcon heavy ? 
  and you can make pull requests too !, 
  here 's a remedy !, 
  same here , i 'm really hoping gta vice city/san andreas will run on my asus flip , thought deep down i know it probably wo n't . 
  sucks ass, 
  either put discovery in quotes or add `` by europeans '' . 
  you ca n't do both . 
  they conquered the north pole of course !, 
  are conference calls being replaced by something else ? 
  whereas i am usually the type to pause episodes to game or check reddit , but not here . 
  i sat there , glued to the monitor and could n't tare my eyes off . 
  the acting , oh god . 
  and the whole episode felt as real as nothing else i 've seen . 
  amazing episode !, 
  my boss is n't that funny . 
  -- communist party of china , 1978, 
  exactly , it 's rather a novel inside a ridiculously long technical description of various bizarre concepts . 
  and we love it !, 
  absolutely !, 
  though starting a book by announcing the world will end in 2 years is a bit of an easy mode on the grabbiness . 
  i think it rather underminds those production deployments . 
  one is a coin , the other is a coin factory . 
  i for one am not willing to pay money just because germany decided to invite the whole muslim world to settle in europe . 
  why ? 
  debian already has systemd installed , right ? 
  so the dependency is really just a formality . 
  systemd brings much faster boot time so we can compete with windows 's fast boot . 
  i think you 're confusing engineers and school teachers , mate . 
  i 'd say the standard is 4-5 weeks . 
  most countries have actually a mandated minimum of 4 weeks . 
  sylvia 's soul is manifesting itself as that cancer . 
  it 's not the companies ' fault . 
  companies are here to make products the best and cheapest way they can . 
  and we want them to do that , because we want the best and cheapest products . 
  the problem that robots are becoming better than humans ( what did i just write ? ), 
  is our problem , not the companies ' problem . 
  we have to deal with it politically , by establishing universal basic income , or something else . 
  they are all john cleese . 
  as an european , i shed tears for you guys . 
  this is no way to live . 
  kind of reminds me of [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a02s8omm_hi ) . 
  i think the publisher that charges hundreds of dollars for a single textbook and changes them every year so that you ca n't buy used ones is the much bigger asshole . 
  why would you return the flip ? 
  i personally love the keyboard , and higher resolution would be problematic as chromeos ( and other oss/software ) is n't fully ready for high resolutions i think . 
  grand theft auto iii / vice city / san andreas . 
  yet . 
  at that point , you should really consult your doctor . 
  then you 've obviously never lived in the us . 
  we euros get a lot of great stuff for the taxes we pay . 
  stuff like free healthcare , working welfare state , great public transport and much more . 
  you need to chill a bit . 
  life happens , everyone screws up . 
  i think that 's in the touristy places . 
  ordinary people pay different prices . 
  can you give us some links for bubka ? 
  no , i mean places , not cities . 
  see , in prague for example , if you go to the obvious bars , on squares , main avenues , around things tourists frequent , etc. , the beer/food will cost 3-4 times as much as when you visit the pubs for locals . 
  thankfully , the judge wo n't have a jurisdiction over the miners . 
  very interesting , thank you very much !, 
   is that really worth the risk of lives in the process though ? 
  yes !, 
  otherwise if you go by that logic , would n't it be safer to put a speed limiter of 30 km/h on each car ? 
  are you talking about the plane of the wright brothers or charles lindberg ? 
  and the eu can fuck right off . 
  i think societal cohesion is the difference between what you describe and european welfare states where we do n't mind distributing the wealth to the less fortunate . 
  and i think societal cohesion comes down to national homogeneity . 
  it 's somewhere deep inside of us that we feel more with people that are like us . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  he always knew he wo n't be getting into the eu . 
  everybody who was n't a raging leftists saw that clear as day . 
  of good journalism ? 
  no , it 's a binding for insert mode only . 
  source ? 
  but then the terrorists have won !, 
  though seriously , the internet had and will have vastly more significant impact on the generation than 9/11 . 
  but you do remember time when you did n't have internet . 
  that 's the difference . 
  the millenials did n't just grow up with it , they were * born * with it . 
  come on , you really do n't remember a time when you did n't have internet at home ? 
  i do n't believe you . 
  or you had a brain injury . 
  well then , do n't you think you could have mentioned that before ? 
  yes , those on the very edge of the internet revolution got access around 2 decades before everybody else , but that does n't make the aforementioned definition of the millenials bad , it just makes you the 0.1 % . 
  i think the preeminence of english started after waterloo . 
  that 's over two centuries . 
  source ? 
  also , look up what preeminence means , 
  you sound fairly certain -- what are your sources ? 
  world war 2 also shaped the entire world for centuries to come , but we still designate one generation as having been born first after the end of it . 
  i think it makes perfect sense to specify a new generation as the first generation born after the internet got widespread and ubiquitous . 
  right , which has nothing to do with the widespread usage of the internet being an excellent delimiter for a new generation . 
  though that 's an interesting theory indeed , if quite far fetched , especially with the cold war bit . 
  french held onto as a diplomatic language quite a bit longer , but i think in business and common usage it faded sooner . 
  that 's very interesting , thank you !,
