  the whole argument is about apple fanboys not beeing able to withstand arguments . 
  apple is like faith . 
  if it was about sharing arguments , i would n't say a word . 
  however not-jainbroken iphone is twice costlier and half as useful as an android , it 's a cold hearted fact . 
  oh yes you can . 
  i for one hate htc wildfire , i think that it has too damn low resolution for 2010/11 . 
  however that has nothing to do with the android platform . 
  exactly that . 
  sorry for not being more clear . 
  no new taxes !, 
  i hope it 's not gon na end up like the last season of the scrubs - scrubs : interns . 
  it was just not it . 
  actually , hugo boss made ss uniformes , so ... yes . 
  damn , alright , too subtle for me this time :-), 
  yeah , but the main link should be to android market , it 's just more convinient . 
  i hate google for stealing appbrains direct install and then banning theirs , but it 's the way it is . 
  if you 're wondering that , i 'd recommend the whole soundtrack of am\u00e9lie , it 's absolutely amazing . 
  if you like the movie , i 'd recommend france , it 's full of people speaking french like in the movie , it 's more than more than amazing . 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  although funny , english is obviously not his first language , maybe it 's his third , i do n't think i 'd like to make fun of him . 
  and i agree with him , although he said it maybe too harshly , that imaginary numbers tought in university is a little late . 
  pardon me for saying so , but do n't they ? 
  i 'm not from us , however everywhere i hear anything about us schools they 're either shit or crazy expensive . 
  neither of those makes a good school in my mind . 
  2d ca n't exist in our 3d world in it 's true meaning , it 's used just as a model . 
  true 2d ( 2d that 's not approximation ) does not have any depth at all . 
  a 2d world would have just 2d atoms . 
  hmm , do you really think you 'll be better off learning relativity and quantum theory since the 7th grade or so ? 
  they do it for a good reason . 
  well , that 's because it 's the most basic . 
  i think i more benefited from newtonian physics and electricity than i would have from quantum theory , nuclear physics . 
  i thought it would be so , i was just astounded that anderbubble chose to ridicule him instead of correcting him . 
  what i 'm arguing is that you have 2 types of schools , pretty sub-par institutions as you mention , and the top grade schools . 
  however , you 're also the one country on earth that charges for them tens or maybe hundreds of thousands of dollars , which i believe to be a very bad practice that harms the students . 
  well , i have n't used the app , however i presume it 's also used for texting , and for texting you need contacts . 
  anyhow , app has as many priviledges as it lists , and only if you 're willing to install it with such priviledges . 
  if you see media player that needs your contacts information , it 's your responsibility not to install it . 
  oh , then i see a completely different problem . 
  i think memorizing science is absolute horsecrap . 
  i think i had luck with a pretty awesome school , and it was always about understanding , hardly ever memorizing . 
  not that i 'm saying it 's not true , but how did you come to the conclusion that if china starves , rest of the world does too ? 
  eu and usa are mostly self-sufficient with food , and africa is already starving , so i 'd say it might slightly increase starvation in some asian countries and maybe south america ... 
  let 's see how it tastes !, 
  yeah , that 's pretty much the only thing they can do about it , and what i 'm saying is that they can only demand the food , the poor countries are usualy those who are heavy on agriculture , and such countries wo n't trade with chine if they do n't have food for themselves . 
  so some small states without necessary agriculture might suffer , i do n't see more . 
  they make a lot , however they do n't make all , a lot of production is actually shifting towards poorer countries , as chine grows wealthier . 
  also gobi desert is n't a sudden killer , it will be gradual change , so the rest of the production made in china will shift towards other countries . 
  you have to see it in perspective , not in broad phrases . 
  it 's as simple as putting tariffs on these products , which alters the equation making the reasonable profit-maximizing choice for a farmer to sell at home . 
  that was more than 150 years ago . 
  famine in that time was nothing extraordinary , even in europe . 
  rich people are using trains in denver ? 
  do poor people have at least bycicles ? 
  i 'm studying economy , and when i say this , i of course do n't mean they 'll do it by the sheer goodness of their hearts . 
  as i said in the thread above , export tariffs are an easy solution to incentivize any sellers to sell at home . 
  actually , to correct you a little , eu is more self sufficient than it would like to be . 
  we 're actually incentivizing farmers not to grow food . 
  if the need arose , the eu and i believe usa too would be self-sufficient in no time , which is quite faster than the progress of the gobi desert . 
  also , i 'm studying to be a mathematician , so i have to object to the price rise , it will absolutely not be exponnecial . 
  i would argue the price would rise , but less than linearly . 
  not double price , but 1.5 x the price . 
  surely not 1000x the price as exponential would make it . 
  well , he would need to be there for at least a duration of a refresh rate of a universe i think ... 
  i 'm sorry for the spelling , english is not my first language . 
  although you degraded me quite thoroughly , i still think that i might have some truth to what i said . 
  the problem is that although the short term prices could jump exponentially ( i checked dictionary not to anger you any more  ) , although as i say with gobi desert there 's no such things as sudden jumps , the economy functions such that in the long term the rise in prices is never exponential , but rather linear . 
  i am sorry i omited this information , i 'm also student of economy and i should make my explanation more thorough . 
  i 'm not a physicist , but i think this applies as a refresh rate : [ planck time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/planck_time ), 
  well , depends . 
  is it a mathematical model or real world ? 
  in a model , yes , you can die instantly , in real world you just ca n't make it in no time . 
  well , friction is something that should be and i think is tought in schools . 
  i have to disagree , i would hate to know about quantums if it replaced friction . 
  it 's way more important and applicable in real life . 
  that 's a bad curriculum . 
  i 'm familiar with ba-donka-donk , but the rest of it , no . 
  could n't it be like a description of what 's in the picture : ( it 's picture of ) me and you ? 
  and under it the text related to the picture , not necessarily directly related to the picture 's description . 
  that 's the reason to use it right there :-d, 
   admitted to the european union 15 years after the fall of the iron curtain . 
  ftfy, 
  i do n't think that the croatia accession was/is controversial . 
  eu clearly stated years ago that european union will not be complete without the balkans , and croatia itself is kissing eu 's ass quite a bit , because they really want in . 
  half life 2 ? 
  why ? 
  me too !, 
  jerk ? 
  i think you just made yourself a jerk . 
  fap fap fap ... or how do we do that here ? 
  you do n't have to apologize , you just have to live with being a jerk if you do so . 
  that 's what she said ... before first anal sex ? 
  do n't take it that way . 
  there 's always someone who will say to you that you ca n't learn it that way . 
  however , i 'd like just some steps to the beginning to try it out , and these videos are really great for that , thank you :-), 
  must be some research facility . 
  california climate ca n't match the coldness of space nor siberia ... 
  so it 's over $ 810,000,000 for the whole set ? 
  horse shit . 
  til, 
  that 's your opinion .
