  however , is calling someone `` emotional '' really that uncivilized that it merits a removal of an entire chain ? 
  besides , censoring comments critical of censorship is really tacky . 
  no relation to robert mcnamara , fyi . 
  it 's very on topic when we 're debating here the role of islam in these attacks . 
  and people wonder whether there is a bias or an agenda among some of the mods . 
  i really try to be respectful and give the mod team the benefit of the doubt , but i 'm nearing the end of my rope with this incessant censorship . 
  yes , i 've seen it on / r/european . 
  i had to start visiting it ( i now have it in a multireddit with r/europe ) because of the dangerous and pervasive censorship on / r/europe . 
  i am a proponent of a broad definition of free speech and i have utter disregard for agenda pushing through censorship . 
  thus i feel everyone should follow there as well to see the things that get censored in / r/europe . 
  i 'm perfectly all right with community policing through downvotes . 
  if something is not interesting , downvote it and let 's move on . 
  what i do not like is self-imposed elite that nobody could vote for ( the mods ) dictating what we can and can not see . 
  i feel they have too much power to sway the discourse on this sub , which gets extreme amounts of traffic from it 's simple name `` europe '' . 
  and from my observation of the mods i believe there * are * elements among them that * do * have an agenda that they actively push . 
  dclauzel is the prime example . 
  why do you feel the need to start off with such vicious statement ? 
  i signed up for reddit , because i believe the upvote/downvote system is useful . 
  if i want to see untethered discussion , i read 4chan , if i want to see strict moderation , i read standard newspapers . 
  what i do * not * want is a perversion of the upvote/downvote system , where people that are far from objective ( dclauzel ) try to push their agenda on a crowd that does not wish it so . 
   so i say to you as i say to anyone else that just wants to discuss singular issues , take them to the boards that are based around such issues . 
  i say to you as i say to anyone else that wants to stifle free discussion : let the people decide for themselves . 
  you do not speak for them . 
  i am ok with the upvote/downvote system determining what is seen on a subreddit because it is decided by the majority . 
  i do have belief in the rule of the majority . 
  i believe in democracy as well . 
  i do not believe in censorship by an unelected elite . 
  i do n't believe in monarchy and dictatorship . 
  no , it 's * not * as you said at all . 
  i stated my hate of * undemocratic * censorship from the beginning . 
  i support democratic moderation whether it supports my personal opinions & preferences or not . 
  you 're just hell bent on portraying me as a disgusting selfish extremist , but that does n't make me so . 
   islam watch : website for the scrutiny of islam by ex-muslims . 
  this is the first time i hear of this site , but from the very subtitle it seems like something to support , not demonize . 
  the tzar has never been sexier !, 
  surely we can make some allegory with premature ejaculation as well !, 
  i love free discussion , but i do n't love that . 
  i think it should be buried in downvotes . 
  yes , reuropean needs a lot more moderate users , but the concept of free discussion is not flawed . 
  please stop trying to vilify me just for supporting free debate . 
  just a fyi , grid autosport is actually a return to the roots of the grid series . 
  it 's nothing like grid 2 , and it 's a really great game !, 
  i love this fucking show !, 
  why are there so few people on this sub ? 
  i 'm not a serb , but i saw there was none around , so i had to step in to save their reputation . 
  i 'm a czech , so as a fellow slav i understood that . 
  well , add `` pivo '' and that 's all you 'll ever really need . 
  why are you studying serbian specifically ? 
  as a member of a really tiny nation , i always wonder how well spent is that time , if i 'm to be absolutely frank . 
  i love studying languages , but i wo n't open the textbook unless at least 50-100 million people speak that language . 
  so far i 've learned english and french , and i 'm working on my mandarin . 
  so , knowing how much time it takes to master a language until you can read the newspaper , or even read literature , or dare to watch movies without subtitles ... 
  i 'm doubtful whether it 's worth it or not . 
  on the other hand , if you love * learning * the language , then i guess it is . 
  well , is spending [ 1100 hours ] ( http://www.effectivelanguagelearning.com/language-guide/language-difficulty ) for a b1/b2 level ( you can communicate , but watching movies or reading books is still not really possible ) in serbian worth it for that one or two times you 're going to visit some day ? 
  if i may ask , how long have you been studying it ? 
  absolutely , but for me that fun includes the movies you can see , the books that you can read , the places you can visit . 
  let 's take french , 120 million native speakers means there 'll be 15 times more culture you can enjoy , 15 times more people you can communicate with . 
  you know how few really excellent movies and really excellent books are there in serbian ? 
  as a member of a comparably large nation i can tell you , not that many . 
  anyway , these things are very specific from person to person , if you really do have strong motivation to learn the language , more power to you . 
   i 've been studying since the summer . 
  i use memrise . 
  i used it as well , it 's an excellent site to get you started . 
  however , if you feel it lacks a bit of flexibility that you 'd appreciate , definitively look into [ anki ] ( http://ankisrs.net/ ) , it 's extremely well worth it . 
  it 's basically the same , but it gives you options so you do n't have to waste time . 
  op dropping mad humblebrags . 
  it portrays really well the complete lack of understanding people have when it comes to depression . 
  that 's absolutely fascinating and immensely fucked up !, 
  wow . 
  china or r/china ? 
  hi , hellochinese is absolutely brilliant , i love it !, 
  can i ask how you make money off it , though ? 
  i have n't seen any ads nor have i paid anything , which seems weird . 
  no problem . 
  and hulu sucks immensely . 
  that makes a bit afraid , i want you to keep on going and not go under !, 
  well , i do n't mind banner ads in apps ( as long as they do n't move !!!, 
  ) , nor do i mind paying for an app i 've already tried the free version of . 
  so combination of free + paid app seems like the best way to go . 
  best of luck !, 
  i vote for ** meta issues ** . 
  i think it 's important to air the dirty laundry in regular intervals . 
  will the mods be instituting some change so it does n't happen again ? 
  what happened to the admins ' promise of better mod tools , come to speak of it ? 
  only in places where there are chargers/filling stations . 
  yes , there are more filling stations in most places , but that does n't change the fact that both are limited . 
  or money in some cases . 
  you undersell it , scaled composites is a * huge * disappointment . 
  they won the prize in 2004 and more than a decade later still have n't achieved much . 
  very sad state for space exploration . 
  did n't stop the apollo program . 
  have you got a source on that ? 
  that the apollo program `` came really close '' to cancellation due to apollo 1 . 
  not really though . 
  a cold war race against the russians for capitalist us pride ? 
  they 'd do it no matter what . 
  they could have scolded nasa and made huge personal changes , but there really was n't a question whether they 'd do it or not i 'd say . 
  there 's still very little awareness of space rockets among the general public . 
  to them it looks similar .
