  really is great !, 
  you should post it to reddit history , it sums it awesomely !, 
  interesting point there . 
  i think the viewership of colbert and stewart might be the same as of beck , but beck 's people are much more commited , much more angry . 
  however , if 5 to 10,000 people show up , it 's not that bad i think . 
  it 's clearly a spoof , so noone 's expecting a million man march , and it sends the message . 
  `` i have no problem with that . '', 
  - czech citizen, 
  no ... you do n't . 
  ageing is accumulation of change over time . 
  without time , there is no change , 
  which comes with a nice profit ;-), 
  :d i applauded like a little kid :d, 
  i see no reason not to include it . 
  this rumour is definitively important and has the potential to shape history . 
  if you fear ground-to-air missiles in washington , then you might not try destroying it with an airplane . 
  even if it did n't motivate some rich people , there will always be someone around who will be willing to get a quarter for 30s job . 
  it 's actually awesome wage if you count time spent . 
  i 'm honoured to be your first karma-giver . 
  welcome to the bunch ;-), 
  a ) becouse they 're awesomely useful . 
  b ) iphone does n't have them, 
  i think there should be an awesome party whenever something becomes 1000 times more powerful . 
  like i started on 40 mb harddrive . 
  when i got 40 gb , there was party !, 
  everyperson . 
  all party are belong to us !, 
  true . 
  but .2 % will ask , create and post to the market . 
  and when the 99.8 % checks , there it is :-), 
  this should get into all browsers in the universe !, 
  also corporal punishment for these websites !, 
  yup . 
  the appstore would n't make much sense either . 
  i guess they use it for all the phones . 
  do n't hate him . 
  maybe he 's one of the gamers with time lag . 
  let 's march on brussels ? 
  czech republic with the same fascination :-), 
  i know , chills !, 
  i agree . 
  this is pointless . 
  i 'm going through czech republic , germany , north of luxemberg and than straight there . 
  at what part of the march are you gon na join me ? 
  yeah , but we all know what this leads to ... death panels !, 
  ad 3 ) when a friend in a pub asked me `` so what 's that meatspin about ? '', 
  what i 'd love to see would be a posibility to split the screen and have 2 ( or 4 ) apps running beside each other . 
  i would n't mock them for that . 
  i think it 's very nice and good move , for both parties imvolved . 
  updroid for ya !, 
  i beg to differ . 
  this house episode was brilliant . 
  i loved the game they were trying not to play on each other . 
  and the looks when they closed the doors at the end . 
  i need a motorcycle . 
  she 's doing a good thing . 
  we need to shoot as much fap material of her as we can ... for posterity :-), 
  it was 20 minutes . 
  20 min was ads , and 20 min the hospital story line , 
  anyhow , it 's a season premiere , it 's setting the mood for the season . 
  the show 's format will be there right next week . 
  and the drama was always there , and it 's always changing . 
  i would hate for house to be stuck in 5th season for eternity . 
  he 's not stupid , he wants to evolve to be more . 
  we 've been there , and for a time , it was good , but he needs to evolve , try avenues not yet taken . 
  he 's not stupid , when he wants someting , he 'll get it . 
  till he finds out he did n't want it in the first place :-), 
  no , the lesson is to get those kids help if they tweet about suicide . 
  how could i be angry at steve holt !, 
  like the title :-), 
  could anyone check that address if he really is there . 
  i think we could gather 20000 $ easy . 
  i 'm in !, 
  i know nobody will read this so far down ... ( this usually gets things up , right ? ), 
  i read this thread , and most of the suggestions are just awesome . 
  i say grab a collection of the best and let them circulate !, 
  sad but true . 
  - a european . 
  nice . 
  what 's google boxes ? 
  googling did n't help, 
  no , it is dead accurate . 
  misdemeanor is a thing that shows on your criminal record . 
  infraction is bad parking . 
  the fine is the same , you should n't do it anyway , but it 's not a criminal behaviour . 
  it 's just something that 's frowned upon . 
  i did too , very slightly , but yes . 
  really awesome read , or awesome read aside , i have to say , huxley was right . 
  orwell presented clearer , crazier , more depressing image , but ultimately , it was huxley who predicted 21th century . 
  without wwi and ii , we 'd be 50 years behind on technology . 
  tell your friends !, 
  if we meet aliens in the foreseable future , ** they will have to be more advanced ** . 
  considering we 're immobile species for now , if we meet them , they have to come to us - hence more advanced . 
  we could also hear them , but we 've been listening to space just for about a hundred years , hence , if we hear aliens , they have to have the same or better technology then us . 
  considering they have the same technology is very imrpobable , they have better . 
  i just hope for ancients , not goa'ulds ( vulcan/borg ;-) ) . 
  sticks and stones, 
  north ? 
  shit , this room is empty . 
  in extreme cases you need 3 .
