   problem : webtorrent clients and normal bittorrent clients can not directly connect because webrtc can not open udp/tcp sockets . 
  this is a security restriction on webrtc that is unlikely to change . 
  so , how do we get content into the webtorrent network ? 
   best solution : mainstream bittorrent clients add support for webtorrent . 
  basically , normal clients implement webrtc so that webtorrent clients can directly connect to them . 
  ( this could happen once webtorrent has a lot of users . ), 
   good solution : users who want to download torrents that are n't yet seeded by any webtorrent users need to install a `` hybrid client '' that implements webtorrent and bittorrent . 
  this can be implemented as a chrome/firefox app/extension that bridges the two networks like this :, 
  honestly , this renders it basically useless . 
  he does n't implement a bittorrent client , he implements a new system that does n't work with bittorrent . 
  great stuff . 
  but is n't oftentimes average diet and lifestyle correlated with nationality ? 
  especially in a poor country which china still is ? 
  and do not install arch as your first linux . 
  it is * not * novice friendly . 
  i recommend installing linux mint ( i personally like best the kde edition ) . 
  you have n't been to rural china where most of the population still lives , have you ? 
  well , for starters , republicans as it turns out do n't have many non crazy black members . 
  let 's build a moon base !, 
  legalize moon wedding !, 
  could you please give me example of applications that are drawn and applications that are rastered today in your usage ? 
  or moon bestiality ... just saying !, 
  [ mirror from google cache . 
  ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:xbi260spqzcj:blog.mecheye.net/2014/03/wayland-in-3-12-and-beyond/+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=cs&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=cz ), 
  may i ask how exactly you lost it ? 
  i too switched very early to arch . 
  however , you * can not * install it as your very first linux , as is op 's case i think . 
  a complete virgin just has to first boot up something to understand how it is supposed to work . 
  why ? 
  just today i set up qemu/kvm managed by libvirt , it 's been pretty easy , so i second the choice . 
  here 's a good resource on getting it working on arch , but probably helpful for other distros as well :, 
  in vlc all this works out of the box . 
  i love me some cli , but for watching videos that 's just overnerding . 
  just launch vlc and use keys to slow or increase the speed . 
  do you need two graphics cards to use the pass through , or can i make it work with just one ? 
  yes , you are awesome , 
  and i 'm simply saying that while this might work for 1 % of the people , it will fail for 99 % of them . 
  windows kids these days are not prepared to face the command line , they never used it , computer is for them fully usable gui . 
  so , advising novices to use arch is a bad strategy if you do n't know the person 's capabilities . 
  let them first install a fully-functional system like mint , so they see it can be as good and even better then windows , and then let them tinker with it . 
  if they decide to go to arch the very first day , why not . 
  but it should not be the first linux they boot , because 99 % of them will be discouraged and will go back to windows . 
  your family would hate living with his dad . 
  gorgeous . 
  google glasses ? 
  that was amazing !, 
  well , lubuntu is ubuntu + lxde , which is a light environment , but it feels a bit untidy . 
  i personally think that xfce better , it is about as light but feels whole , nice and clean . 
  you can get linux mint xfce or xubuntu , i recommend mint , it 's a bit more polished , and treats users better . 
  what 's wrong with drop ceiling ? 
  anybody found anything useful ? 
  i honestly do n't think any distro will help you in this regard . 
  windows domains are pain to make work even in windows , i spent many an hour trying to pair xps and 7s . 
  i just stopped using it at all . 
  why do you want to join a windows domain ? 
  here 's the link in case it does n't work due to heddit : https://www.bountysource.com/teams/clearskies/fundraiser, 
  oh , i was n't aware of such high markup . 
  if that is the case , i recommend donating directly through bitcoin here :, 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
   it 's about a group of british soldiers ** enjoying ** having to build a bridge in ( i think ) thailand . 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm glad zack and miri finally made a porno !, 
  in my firefox on linux the heddit bubble was overlaid directly over the reddit banner 's right part , which meant that the x button was unclickable . 
  and the link does n't show when you have the reddit banner . 
  in the end i found a solution - you have to click on the banner with right mouse button , click frame - show only this frame , and then heddit shows in the correct bottom-right corner , and x is finally clickable . 
  sincei t did n't disappear after april 1st , i 'll have to fix it somehow , here is the issue :, 
  well , this is free , opensource and self-hosted . 
  use this custom rule for adblock : ## div #headdit - box, 
  works like a charm . 
  well , i do not know the software myself , but you omitting opensource in the description kinda makes me think that 's the difference , 
  and before you say you do n't care , you might not , but many people do , and you should too . 
  because unless it is opensource , you really do n't know what it 's doing , what data it 's transmitting and where and where . 
  it could be spying on you to the nsa even when self-hosted . 
  and people do care about that . 
  i 'm quick to jump to conclusions about people , and i do tend to be arrogant sometimes . 
  you linked to the please accept my appology , i 'm genuinely sorry . 
  i 'm reading up on tahoe-lafs right now , and it seems very interesting !, 
  do you use it ? 
  edit : after about two hours of compiling , installing , and playing with it , i think the key difference is ease of use  but i will try to implement this to my workflow , it certainly is quite cool !, 
  i have found a lot of issues with tahoe-lafs upon further reading still unfortunately . 
  there are important problems reported even 4 years ago that are unresolved , especially with the sshfs mounting , which is the only way so far to get a dropbox-like folder working . 
  and the development seems to have stopped , last version is a year old already . 
  the magic folder might be interesting if they find a way around these bugs and limitations . 
  however , to me it seems like the project is * overly * complex to attract people as it is and the developers might be leaving . 
  no , the main reason are several of critical issues left unsolved for 4 years . 
  i did notice some new commits on the git repo , but they are not adressing them . 
  i have read that it was . 
  unfortunately , i would be hard pressed to find out where i read it . 
  iirc that on the left is some priceless old painting by someone famous , which some crazy lady got hold of and found out it deteriorated with time , so she restored it !, 
  literally painted over a millions dollar painting with water colours , and the result you can see on the right , 
  skype in docker so you do n't give microsoft a window to your os : https://github.com/tomparys/docker-skype-pulseaudio, 
  easily setup within half an hour , and you 'll learn a cool new thing . 
  it 's quite awesome . 
  np , i am glad it helps someone :-) if you want to help , spread the word !, 
  better than a waste of perfectly good jam !, 
  all in the game , yo . 
  i hate it , but you are right . 
  yep , it 's from hispania , not hispaniola . 
  my question exactly , ca n't figure it out !, 
  anyone can chime in ?
