  the kelvin is the only si base unit of temperature , so you can use both celsius and fahrenheit with it as a supplement , since kelvins are n't really useful for day-to-day . 
  but fluid and other ounces , feet , yards , pounds , etc. ? 
  get rid of that shit . 
  ugh , you . 
  how would that work ? 
  i believe that if shareholders of tesla wo n't sell , apple ca n't buy . 
  i bet at least musk would n't sell his shares no matter what price , that 's whopping 27 % of the company . 
  there might be many others highly motivated shareholders who would n't sell either . 
  memrise.com is great for beginners , try it . 
  can you post some youtube videos with some good chinese rock music ? 
  how ? 
  wow , that 's brilliant !, 
  that 's a * horrible * article . 
  it keeps talking about this magical equation that solves the problem without ever mentioning why the ball turned . 
  the author was absolutely clueless . 
  that sounds good !, 
  have you tried memrise.com ? 
  what 'd you think ? 
  if you 're still interested , try reading this blog called [ hacking chinese ] ( http://www.hackingchinese.com/ ) , it provides helpful tips on how to study . 
  nowhere in the article is air resistance mentioned . 
  it also is n't the correct answer i believe . 
  the answer is that spin causes pressure differential on the sides of the ball pulling it to the side . 
  the picture does n't show any force acting on the ball , thus it ca n't explain why the ball is turning , 
  good luck !, 
  i started a month ago , still at it , 
  hi there , very nice site . 
  i 'd suggest for addition pronunciation audio and perhaps a stroke order would be possible . 
  english wikitionary has them for each word , so you can scrape them there . 
  can i ask what did you use to build the site ? 
  frameworks , libraries , etc. 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i should try rails myself , it looks awesome . 
  how long did it take you ? 
  be sure to post updates again on this sub !, 
  since the site is aimed for beginners , i believe this would be insufficient . 
  i believe you are not a programmer . 
  adding a gif of strokeorder is a very easy thing to do , do n't worry . 
  and loading time will never be a problem with this kind of site today . 
  yeah , they are all available at [ wikitionary ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/%e4%bd%a0 ) under a free license so he can download them and use them for free . 
  yeah , flash would be a horrible thing , that 's true . 
  i 'm with you , brother !, 
  found it : http://www.reddit.com/tb/2mb4sp, 
  * stabbed, 
  i almost tear up when i recall that farewell scene with him on the pool table !, 
  because sarcasm . 
  absolutely . 
  i think anki could work for you . 
  it 's a spaced repetition software that you can install on your phone ( and pc too ) . 
  you can download a set of language `` cards '' , you can find them with pronunciation for several languages too . 
  so then you can go somewhere where you 'll be less distracted , and practice with it . 
  also , the whole spaced repetition aspect will greatly increase your ability to remember . 
  hit me up with any questions you might have . 
  i highly recommend learning by yourself and using the class just to practice your speaking and listening . 
  sitting in classes has ruined my interest in two languages . 
  learning on your own is honestly perfect , you set your own tempo , and you can blast forward so fast you 'll be loving your progress . 
  i second mandarin . 
  it opens you up to a whole new world you never knew was so different . 
  the first 15 seconds of that song really do kinda sound like a whale having an orgasm , 
  as someone who lives in czech republic , i.e. 
  next to germany * and * austria , i do n't think so . 
  it just really sounds that way . 
  it 's not as stark difference as the original video funnily makes it out , but it 's there . 
  are you * really * a native speaker of lojban ? 
  i strongly disagree . 
  consider this , since i just discovered it browsing on youtube :, 
  * sandra bullock speaking german : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izbrztzfcfa, 
  * jodie foster speaking french : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuwz0axmfci, 
  that 's a difference of night and day , anybody not knowing anything about germans/germany would describe the language as harder , harsher . 
  ad lojban : i have yet to encounter anyone who was n't accurate about his native language in his flair . 
  so , you are not a native i gather ? 
  i disagree . 
  huh ? 
  there certainly are speakers of lojban , i do n't understand what you mean . 
  there 's also still no way for you to disprove it . 
  that 's what subjective means , 
  exactly , so why do you claim to be a native speaker of it , especially if you do n't speak the language at all ? 
  i wanted to ask you some questions about it , based on your flair , because it looks very interesting . 
  your original statement was :, 
   i would put money that the `` truth behind the stereotype '' is simply political rather than anything in the language . 
  you ca n't prove that , as well as i ca n't prove that it is objectively harsh language . 
  you do n't need to prove anything , and you did n't . 
  you just wrote down your opinion , which i disagree with . 
  ad lojban : well , if you put lojban ( c3 ) in your flair it would make sense and point to this issue . 
  as it stands now , it 's just confusing and achieves nothing . 
  i think the door mechanism will be powerful enough to push that snow for you . 
  it 's not solving a problem . 
  it 's an image they want to project - `` the future is now '' . 
  ad lojban : maybe we misunderstand each other on this fact : there * can * be native speaker even of a language such as lojban . 
  take [ esperanto ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esperanto ) , completely invented language as well that has on the order of 1000 native speakers , so it 's perfectly conceivable that there might be a native speaker of lojban . 
  and that would be extremely cool , that 's why i asked . 
  classes are i think detrimental to language learning . 
  it makes you feel like the teacher is in charge of your learning , but if you leave it up to the teacher , you 'll learn so slowly you 'll never get anywhere . 
  i prefer self learning for languages now , and it works great . 
  that could be an issue . 
  they should do some testing on that . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  but since i 'm a poor studemt i use google as my personal tutor :-), 
  cool !, 
  how far along are you ? 
  what 's your method and routine ?
