  then you fail to apply basic reasoning . 
  if fewer people own consoles and own pcs instead then :, 
  games will be made straight for pc , thus no shitty ports . 
  there will be more people to play with on pc online gaming servers . 
  less people will be put off the fps genre due to shitty console controlers , leading to even more people to play with . 
  bruh . 
  the issue is still severely lessened by lower console adoption . 
  great , so i suggest they use a pc . 
  especially since tvs are dying out . 
  i 'm actually a programmer . 
  again with applying logic . 
  negation of `` pc is inconvenient '' is n't `` pc is more convenient '' . 
  it 's about the same . 
  good then . 
  i disagree . 
  sure if your computer does n't run the game at or over 25 fps , you 're shit out of luck , but beyond that there 's no competitive advantage from a super powerful computer over a good computer . 
  you said `` people get competitive advantage '' , which is n't the case . 
  yes , there might be less players of the very latest games . 
  but people that do n't have the money to buy a computer for dota 2 wo n't have money for xbone either . 
  it 's written using a latin script , they just need to google it and they 'll figure out it 's basque . 
  from which you can mostly guess what it meant . 
  whereas with chinese you wo n't even get to guess . 
  and how many people really know chinese in europe ? 
  so it has to be l1 ( front )  l2 ( back ) , not l2  l1 . 
  well , * exact-fucking-ly * . 
  that 's why you put the french word on the back , so you have to make your mind come up with it . 
  thus l1 ( english )  l2 ( french ) . 
  thank god , i was considering that i 'm going crazy . 
  this is not what the sub is about . 
  i think they all needed massive capital infusion , but musk chose not to go public with spacex and instead reinvest all his money he made from going public with tesla and solar city into spacex . 
  plus he got more private investors in . 
  basically , anything but going public , which would be detrimental to the mission . 
  i believe google bought shares with spacex valuation roughly at $ 10-11 billion . 
  waaaait , what the hell is google getting that they paid * 3 times * the price ??? 
  that 's very weird . 
  yeah , that 's absolutely not reason enough to pay $ 600,000,000 more than you should . 
  and her bird-like hands . 
  well , anki is by far the best flashcards program currently in existence . 
  but contrary to what you say , the anki app is * not * available for windows phone . 
  practically nothing is available for windows phone . 
   the language has a fascinating back story ( with the french in the role of villains ), 
  could you expand on that ? 
  it 's a language thing . 
  they know english , but do n't know other european tongues , so it makes sense for them to try to cross to channel . 
  whatever happens , we have got, 
  the maxim gun , and they have not . 
  -- the modern traveller, 
  they can and do have tax obligations even if they actually never visited the us at all . 
  well , right now given how dirty chinese power plants are , it would probably result in net pollution gain if they used these . 
  but considering that china is making huge investments in solar right now , it might work there in the future . 
  comparably large sums of money on both sides kept the cold war cold . 
  ok , i challenge you to a [ test ] ( http://www.alllooksame.com/exam_room.php ) , click on `` exam # 1 : faces '' and report your results . 
  you guys really need more catchy abbreviations . 
  i do n't believe that 's the case . 
  i heard it works that you 're not obligated to pay taxes on incomes up to certain limit ( say $ 100k ) and if you cross that limit ( by adding your incomes in all countries you get incomes in ) , you have to pay some taxes on it . 
  it probably is n't as much as if you made the money directly in the us , but you do have to pay it . 
  as a side note , nowhere in europe are taxes lower than the us , and i know of europeans that have to pay us taxes like this , which serves as a counter example to your theory . 
  nobody was talking genetics , we were talking about recognition of facial features . 
  your score proves the point and that 's a very above average score . 
  absolutely . 
  but because when both sides have zero budget it is better for each country individually to raise their budget , and it is * very bad * for a country to have zero budget when the other one does n't , both countries will start arming themselves . 
  this is called a nash equilibrium , even though it would be better for both countries not to arm themselves , because they ca n't trust each other ( like in a prisoner 's dilemma ) , they will both end up arming themselves instead . 
  nope , if you try to find the waldo , there 's like 4 white girls in there . 
  look closer . 
  you did very slightly better than a random choice would , congrats !, 
  well , do n't feel bad . 
  i hear most chinese/koreans/japanese do n't do much better on that test . 
  the differences really are n't there . 
  it 's like asking whether a person looks german or dutch just from their face . 
  the stew called new orleans ? 
   it started at $ 1 and doubled every day until they relented ( 1987 - late 1988 , you do the math ) . 
  by the 60th day they had to pay a fine of $ 1,152,921,504,606,846,976 . 
  that is 1 quintillion (  quadrillion  trillion  billion ) , essentially billion billions . 
  i 'm not certain they paid it in full yet . 
  i believe you 're mistaken , that 's not the anki website , but an `` ankiapp '' website , a company unknown to me up to this point . 
  this is the proper anki website : http://ankisrs.net/ , and you 'll notice that an anki app ( no capitalization ) does n't exist for windows mobile . 
  i use anki and can vouch for it , i have no idea what ankiapp is though , hopefully it 's similar . 
  edit : reviews i have encountered are n't kind to ankiapp , so beware . 
  and lastly , i contest your claim , most apps are * not * available for windows phone these days . 
  only maybe most very mainstream apps . 
  really ? 
  that might actually allow windows phone to be a serious alternative to the apple-google duopoly , good for them . 
  i was afraid for him the entire fucking time !, 
  then it applies doubly . 
  the costs/benefits of the situation are completely dumb . 
  for example , could it have been built significantly taller ( say 2 times ) with the technologies at the time ? 
  so , the positive outcome is : yay , saved a few bucks fixing a vent . 
  and the negative outcome is : 3 people dead . 
  yeah , dumb . 
  and rob schneider as the sack of potatoes . 
  why would we ever build a bridge across the atlantic ? 
  then it 's not truly intelligent yet . 
  it 's because in economics it 's extremely hard to do irrefutable experiments . 
  that 's not that easy . 
  by going with one policy in the crisis you do n't know what the results would be if you implemented any of the competing policies . 
  the results might have been better , or significantly worse . 
  that 's the problem . 
  we ca n't do experiments , because the circumstances are never the same twice . 
  they might be similar , but never the same . 
  and thus we can never know for sure , we can only estimate .
