  what ? 
  they still have n't learned to * land * the booster . 
  me too , fellow non-american ? 
  you had * one * job ... 
  and after that , powered landing on the sun !, 
  ^ ( at night , of course . ), 
  imagine if we had to destroy an aeroplane after each use , do you think you 'd use one in your lifetime ? 
  would you take a trip to europe or even asia ? 
  that 's how it is with rockets . 
  a rocket costs roughly $ 100 million , but the fuel costs only say $ 100 thousand . 
  if we are able to reuse rockets , space travel will become orders of magnitude cheaper , and a holiday on mars wo n't be much different than a holiday on a different continent a hundred years ago . 
  this is the key to opening up the solar system for humanity . 
  spacex will just land the crew directly at the top of the stairs on times square . 
  yeah , bbc taped over old doctor who episodes as well . 
  that was very misguided , but nasa doing it completely boggles any rational mind . 
  `` bed : daily '' ? 
  what 's your diet since you appear to be losing weight quite fast ? 
  hm , i 'm intrigued , can you explain ? 
  can you post a link ? 
  i 'd like to try it . 
  that 's so incredibly pointless , wasteful and decadent . 
  that must have taken ages to prepare yet it 's only for show , it does n't add any nutritional value and it 'll be eaten and forgotten in seconds . 
  maybe i 'm a grumpy old man , but i say if you 're making art , it 's best if people do n't eat it . 
  i 'm sorry , who am i speaking to ? 
   and it 's weight that will stay off, 
  not wanting to be a party pooper , but how can you be certain of that ? 
  well , there 's only a very limited range of water weight you can lose , so yes if you stop dieting you might regain say max of 5 pounds of water weight back after a prolonged diet , but that 's to be expected . 
  what happens next , though , is the same for weightloss through diet or exercise : if you do n't maintain your habits , you 're going to regain . 
  going to the gym and not overeating are both hard habits to keep up for years and years . 
  first off , the literature i read indicates that habits take roughly 60 to 70 days to get fully wired , but i can assure you it matters not with weight loss . 
  i have shed 65 pounds , kept it off for 2 years successfully and then regained it all back . 
  habit or not , if some action is draining enough on a daily basis , there 's a good chance there will come a time when you will break it for lack of momentary willpower . 
  first off , you genuinely * love * running , that is not comparable to most people 's situation . 
  if you love running or some other form of exercise for itself , it 's no question you 'll have it easy keeping weight off . 
  but i and a large percentage of other people just do n't love physical exercise of any sort , we have to push ourselves every day to do it to accomplish a goal ( weight loss , staying fit , etc. ) . 
  it * is * mentally draining if you do n't like doing it . 
  so consider yourself lucky , you 're not the norm . 
  secondly , considering your stomach hurting and feeling sick , that is also very rare . 
  have you ever been significantly overweight ? 
  overall , it 's very discouraging when lucky people like you diminish the efforts put in by people that do n't have such luck . 
   again , ask anyone who has gotten into the routine of running regularly , to take a break from it . 
  i have ran 5k regularly 3 times a week for 6 months , i got pretty good at it too . 
  i still had to push myself each time to do it , i did not enjoy it . 
  when given a choice between reading a book and going running , i 'd chose a book every time if i was n't doing it for weight loss . 
   which is why rule # 1 for adding exercise to your routine : find an exercise you love to do . 
   i 'll argue you 've just not found the exercise you enjoy . 
  honestly . 
  i have tried running , swimming , gym , walking , hiking , cycling , skiing , mountaineering , organized sports and many others . 
  i do n't like any of it . 
  you are very lucky that you do love some exercise , it is by no means guaranteed as you think . 
  remember , successful people always think their success was down to hard work , whereas studies show that luck ( such as upbringing , connections ) played usually just as important role . 
   anything worth doing is hard , and stop whining about how hard it is , and grab life by the nuts and just do it . 
  that 's one of those phrases that sounds great , but it does n't mean anything at all . 
  it 's a completely empty platitude . 
  breathing is worth doing , it 's pretty easy . 
   there 's nothing lucky about making myself go for a run in 10 deg f temps , or skipping a work-lunch . 
  it takes conscious choices . 
  but then , i just get back to to what i was doing . 
  you 're lucky because you love running . 
   there 's no luck involved . 
  it was hard work , and dedication . 
  something everyone can do , though . 
  i think one of your key issues at this time is you can not get off the mindset that other people have it easier than you , and it 's all easy-going for others . 
  i do n't care about you at all and i 've lost the weight again . 
  i just mind your incredibly condescending and misinformed attitude . 
  you have it easier than most people and you discount their struggle because you fail to see beyond your little bubble . 
   yes . 
  growing up in the projects , having the military as my only possibility of going to college , going to war , seriously damaging my knees and back , and coming back home with no support system makes me very lucky , and enabled me to succeed with weight loss goals . 
   really ? 
  are you for real ? 
  of course yes !, 
  having gone to the military hardwires you for an exercise regimen . 
  then whenever you need it later in life you can use that . 
  it does n't make you overall lucky , but regarding exercise it makes you exuberantly lucky . 
   great !, 
  you succeeded at breathing !, 
  are n't you proud of that !, 
   it 's only `` empty '' to you , because apparently , you have your standards set so low . 
  i 'm sorry , but i plainly proved the phrase does n't mean anything , you can either accept it , or bitch about it , but it wo n't change that fact . 
   i may be lucky because i love a hobby that happens to be popular , and was easy to find . 
  i used to hate running while in the military . 
  finally we 're moving in the right direction . 
  yes , you 're lucky in that regard . 
   there 's not a drop of condescension in what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying it takes hard work , but hard work that anyone can do . 
  i 'm all about people taking responsibility for their own choices , setting goals , and making them happen . 
  not wallowing in their own self-pity . 
  your entire post was completely drenched in condescension , try reading it again . 
   btw , i think i 've found the reason you find weight management difficult over the long term . 
  it boils down to taking ownership of your own life choices . 
  but you 've seriously topped the condescension with this comment . 
  bravo . 
   hmmm ... 
  so , methinks anyone can hardwire themselves into a habit of exercise , huh ? 
  as you yourself said , you did n't hardwire yourself , you were basically forced to go to the military and * they * hardwired you for an exercise regimen . 
  humans are incredibly resilient , they 'll do anything to survive . 
  but ask yourself this , if you came from a stable middle-class family and could go to college without the military , would you have enlisted ? 
   yes , i 'm lucky , i 'll admit , that it was easy to find something i happened to enjoy . 
  some people need to dig a little more to find some sort of physical activity they enjoy . 
  great .
