  those things you described are called investments . 
  they can start one offshore platform at a time and build from there , 
  assuredly not , but there 's a good relationship between then , the more reserves you 've got the more you are likely to dig up in a given year . 
  i forgot , yeah , i missed that you were talking yearly and i was talking the whole reserves , sorry , overlooked it . 
  anyhow , to the point . 
  now you have oil revenues , that 's not 100 % of what you will get when you go fully nationalized , but it 's a good chunk of money . 
  so you can use half to prop up the budget and repay a bit of debt , and invest the other half . 
  as i said , it was significant money for a population of 60 million , imagine how significant it is for a population of 5 . 
  also , now i think you 're trolling  what redundancies ? 
  the people laid off from private drilling go to nationalized drilling , you still need the same professions and roughly the same amount of people , if not more , 
  :d history , ever heard of it ? 
  first be advised that i am not suggesting this , as i said i am for investing , i.e buying the assets to extract oil . 
  but having said that , it 's not about companies * giving * to scotland , it 's about scotland * taking * . 
  nationalization in it 's most straight forward form means that the government just says `` this all is mine , and you ca n't do shit '' . 
  it happened in all soviet countries on the planet , and it happened in the west , including the us and the uk themselves !, 
  wiki link on nationalisation in the uk just under clement attlee :, 
  and neither are they promising it now . 
  they 're just spewing empty words . 
  but can you believe their word ? 
  they already said that a referendum is a once-in-a-generation thing , so if they renege on their word after a no vote , we have no power to make them . 
  can you really trust their word though ? 
  i read it . 
  my point is can you ever believe them ? 
  they said they will do nothing before the referendum , so they can only promise . 
  how ? 
  the referendum must be voted on in westminster . 
  do you think westminster is going to offer another referendum ? 
  the 10 % scottish mps there wo n't make any difference . 
  they say the margin of error in these polls is about 3 % . 
  but a climb from 39 % to 51 % is completely outside of any margin of error . 
  it 's gon na keep climbing !, 
  please someone make one with salmond !!, 
  he 'd fit perfectly !, 
  which could mean the ` uprising ' might be militarily suppressed . 
  if unilateral declaration of independence is that easy , why has n't catalonia done it already ? 
  there 's been separatist fervor with literally millions of people protesting for years now . 
  now you made me chuckle . 
  do you really think that in case you declared independence the uk military bases would join your cause ? 
  probably not . 
  and there probably wo n't be any unilateral declaration of independence , because that could lead to it . 
  see almost any secession ever , including ireland . 
  maybe in 25 years . 
  westminster has stated that it wo n't grant another referendum in a generation 's time . 
  it is on record , check it if you must . 
  and this referendum was * only * provided to shut you guys up , because nobody really even thought you could vote yes . 
  now every englishman is sorely regretting it . 
  you wo n't get the chance again for a long time to come . 
  use it or lose it !, 
  good question , let 's find out :, 
  `` both sides portrayed it as a definitive , once-in-a-generation decision . '', 
  `` it seems everyone involved in the process wants to abide by the referee 's decision and avoid the prospect of what long-suffering residents of quebec call the `` neverendum '' '', 
  this article has the deputy pm saying it too : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12498624, 
  kind of indirect , but this at least proves it 's likely his phrasing , since he used it in 2012 on a different referendum : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/9219601/referendums-on-city-mayors-offer-once-in-a-generation-chance-to-change-the-way-our-country-is-run-says-david-cameron.html, 
  so , no direct quote but several articles are pointing that it was agreed upon . 
  and here 's snp take on it :, 
  `` it is the opinion of the current scottish government that the referendum represents a `` once-in-a-generation '' opportunity , as there is no current plan for future referenda on the issue in the event of a majority no vote . '', 
  so in case of no , i do n't think there will be a new referendum for some time . 
  then we still have 1 and 2 that has * both * sides agreeing to it . 
  and as i said , no . 
  4 was just to show that cameron used the ` once-in-a-lifetime ' phrase before , so if it showed up here on scottish referendum , there 's a good chance he suggested it , i think . 
  certainly . 
  that 's the problem , words are n't legally binding , so they wo n't deliver any vaguely promised change after a no vote . 
  and really , do you think westminster would sanction another referendum after this humiliation ? 
  i mean , celebrities are signing letters , writing statements , the queen is shitless , cameron will fall if you vote yes . 
  * this will not happen again for a long long time * . 
  i 'll let you and anyone else reading this decide for themselves how naive they believe this statement to be . 
  closing 8 percent gap in a week ? 
  i would . 
  i can offer account of what happened in 1993 when my country , czechoslovakia , split into czech republic and slovakia . 
  everyone was basically given a choice which one citizenship they want . 
  analogously you might be asked if you want the scottish citizenship , or a citizenship of england , wales and norther ireland . 
  the inverted hadrian 's wall it is !, 
  now with 100 % more barb wire !, 
  not true . 
  see myths debunked : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buixdbgnc4m, 
  that 's a myth as you can see here : http://youtu.be/buixdbgnc4m?t=4m24s, 
  ha , that 's an interesting solution !, 
  find it yourself , if you do n't accept my source , 
  question : what does `` ruk '' mean ? 
  the english . 
  it 's a guy saying that he counted the data from the publicly available sources on election results anyone can find and that the scottish vote did not matter one bit . 
  do you want a video of him working it out with pen and paper ? 
  then what else do you want ? 
  the election results are public and you need no source to them , since they 're 10 seconds of googling away . 
  what this source provides is the result of the counting , i.e. 
  that scottish votes did not matter . 
  and as you just said further proof of how he did the math would not help you . 
  then what more do you want from this source ? 
  which would constitute the aforementioned further proof . 
  china has used it for decades very successfully . 
  then do something about it instead of whining how good the scots have made it for themselves . 
  yet it might be the only one if uk stays in the eu . 
  why do you call those articles propaganda ? 
  those two articles are by my opinion absolutely genuine . 
  it 's a problem of the no side that everything is turning against them , not a lie by the yes side . 
  and further , while it is in the rediquette to not downvote opinions , it 's also there to not whine about it . 
  i 'm sorry it happened to you , it happens to everyone . 
  just concentrate on the debate , not on downvotes . 
  if you 're wondering why people are n't responding , it 's not because they agree , it 's because you 're beyond talking to . 
  there 's no problem to have our currency pegged to the euro , which is pretty much the same thing , and it gives you a bit of positive wiggle room as well .
