  maybe it would not be even viable . 
  but they are as close as two languages can be . 
  italy is the huge cement block that breaks the camels back . 
  very true . 
  and i do n't expect to ever see any that does . 
  we do n't want to scare it !, 
  dude named albert after an expert sex change . 
  yes . 
  come sit down here , we 'll snip that penis right off , do n't you worry . 
  after all , we are experts !, 
  honestly , there are just two ways to go about this . 
  lower your expectations . 
  try going out and having sex with someone who you 're not `` mad '' about , but are not repulsed by . 
  you need to gain experience and confidence somehow . 
  work on yourself . 
  everyone can better themselves . 
  if you 're overweight , try / r/loseit or / r/running . 
  then you might get ripped with / r/fitness . 
  if you have no idea how to dress , go to / r/malefashionadvice . 
  work on your social skills ( yes it is possible !, 
  ) , read some motivational stuff . 
  just do n't wallow in self pity , it does n't help . 
  i speak from personal experience , you can turn your life around . 
  come on . 
  i 'm european and i both got it , and found it funny . 
  i 'd like you to know that i 'm czech and i downvoted you . 
  why could n't he be both ? 
  i suspect you might be european . 
  in the us they 're paying before pumping the gas into the car . 
  it 's really a weird system . 
  are people around ? 
  i like sex in public places , but so far only when we found a place without people around . 
  if so , please elaborate how you do it . 
  and any story you can share will be greatly appreciated , 
  hey , i 'd watch that !, 
  westboro baptist church would fit right in there !, 
  god damn , i made the same mistake as romans . 
  presuming you 're american , i do n't see a reason why anybody should downvote you . 
  you are painfully correct . 
  for christ 's sake , never button the topmost button unless you have a tie . 
  i fail to understand how anyone can not see how bad it looks . 
  visit / r/malefashionadvice for possibly getting more confidence in your appearance . 
  and what if they have a canadian accent ? 
  would we even want to establish contact then ? 
  thank you !, 
  i have my fingers crossed for occasional anal discharge !, 
  mine is :, 
  `` war is not a picnic . 
  although , obviously , soldiers do end up eating outdoors quite a lot . '', 
  that is because the space itself is expanding faster than the speed of light . 
  the maximum speed limit only applies in space . 
  but it does not limit itself . 
  and if space between two stars is expanding faster than the speed of light , their light will never reach each other . 
  it 's wikipedia , but it is explained well . 
  this is actually in my home country of czech republic , and in this case , if the driver of the vehicle can not be identified , and the owner of the vehicle is not willing to give him up , the blame automatically goes to the owner of the vehicle . 
  which makes sense . 
  unless he says that the vehicle was stolen , but that 's not very easy . 
  i 'm not native either , and i did understand . 
  educate yourself , use an online dictionary !, 
  here 's the frenglish at montrealgazette.com :, 
  well , then i 'm sorry , but do n't complain if you do n't understand . 
  we should n't have to dumb down the beauty of the language for you to understand . 
  i also know 3 foreign languages to some extent , and i 'm actively trying to better my understanding . 
  it really does n't take that much time , if you see a word you do n't know , just google it real quick , i have a shortcut for it , it takes about 3 seconds . 
  the process of learning the languages is n't super exiting for me either , but i love that it opens a whole new world to you , so i do it . 
  nope . 
  how could he blackmail him ? 
  he openly lend him some money . 
  he obviously did it to appease his conscience . 
  can i ask how often do you polish them ? 
  do you polish the ones you do n't use at that time ? 
  interesting !, 
  please oh merciful gods , here i am !, 
  did i make it ? 
  the video is pretty low res , but i think it reads `` tu ve voir ... '' . 
  thus i think it 's veux shortened into `` ve '' due to internet lingo . 
  wondering the same here , anyone ? 
  surely le la france then !, 
  i actually drive on that street weekly !, 
  never seen a train though : - /, 
  here 's [ more pictures ] ( http://www.rgbpicture.com/train-runs-on-the-street ) !, 
  actually , it 's brno !, 
  try sucking it ... 
  i have tens of gigs there , never lost a thing . 
  one guy does not make anything . 
  he might have screwed it up himself . 
  here 's the [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwjizy8snh8 ) , in case you want to reminisce . 
  wow . 
  here 's [ the whole playlist ] ( http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plqfphhimauvafcl-s0ra7badxtd5oged0 ) , there 's 13 episodes . 
  does anyone know of anything similar ? 
  first off , at some point of the learning curve , it 's best to start watching french films with french subtitles , so get the dvds and you 'll be all set . 
  and then , do n't limit yourself to the french movies well known in the anglophone world , there 's plenty of awesome french movies , but you got ta look deeper . 
  here 's my list of suggestions . 
  * les invasions barbares ( 2003 , quebec ), 
  * mesrine - l'instinct de mort ( 2008 ) + the second part, 
  * paris manhattan ( 2012 ), 
  and many many more . 
  especially go with intouchables and jeux , they 're brilliant , 
  oh and do n't forget quebecois les invasions barbares ( 2003 ) , and if you like it , the rest of the trilogy as well !, 
  il y a aussi la s\u00e9rie [ french in action ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_in_action ) .
