  amen . 
  considering he 's british and artistic , i 'd say that 's pretty unlikely . 
  take a forget-me-now !, 
  switzerland is made of 4 parts , one of which is italian . 
  so he 's most likely ethic italian of swiss nationality or with swiss citizenship at least . 
  european checking in . 
  yep , it 's insane in the us . 
  in a row ? 
  as a european i 'm completely oblivious to this - is connery unpopular in scotland or something ? 
  huh ? 
  of course it would be possible . 
  the only question , really , is - why ? 
  my solution to this problem was to abandon walking dead , honestly . 
  i deem it not worth it , there are so many better shows i do n't feel like fast forwarding . 
  it 's really unique thing to happen , but here it is !, 
  i disagree completely with everything you just said !, 
  have a good day , 
  [ for illustration . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2hqzekbaiq ), 
  as a former european kid , yep !, 
  well , phone batteries are lasting less and less , so they have that going for them . 
  [ kinsey scale ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kinsey_scale ), 
  i know about rolling version of debian . 
  but i am quite positive that redhat does n't have one ( fedup does n't count ) and never heard of rolling ubuntu . 
  any sources on those ? 
  never heard of this , wow . 
  but a no really means no . 
  i think that 's more of a malapropism though . 
  as in first half of 2015 ? 
  that 's not necessarily it . 
  they might buy long term contracts that guarantee the delivery of the meat for a given price for the next x months . 
  kinda like fixed rate mortgage . 
  everybody loves harold !, 
  and manizer !, 
  everybody loves harold . 
  wait , as a european i always thought the american dream was to get from poor to filthy rich . 
  it involves settling down too ? 
  yep , it 's all about the bus factor . 
  they know how to go down !, 
  it probably was n't broadcast there at all the first few years . 
  only the more famous shows make it over the pond . 
  do you want to put even more strain on my poor pc ? 
  i 'm from czech republic and it does n't strike me that odd , i 'm not sure about australia , but compared to the us europeans are generally more lenient on speeding . 
  ddr jake says that about everything , 
  and get you for driving while black . 
  i just finished the first season , and could n't but smile about this comment , 
  seriously though , the ark people surviving descent was completely beyond possible . 
  but whatever , it 's fun to watch , 
  11 days !, 
  honestly i think both frank and akley are so far off what really happened then you ca n't really claim they are based on anybody . 
  good drama though . 
  nobody thought it would happen , but here we are . 
  doctors with borders !, 
  no no no , that 's precisely the one that 's actually embarrassed !, 
  well , even on all those pics i like the other one better !, 
  you had to spoil it , did n't you ? 
  * pulling . 
  them . 
  off . 
  what is that `` a '' you are refering to and why did he leave it out in your opinion ? 
  exactly i prefer it a-less , what 's the deal ? 
  i 'm a random european who toured the us for a while and i have to say louisiana was my favourite place i found there . 
  such beautiful combination of breathtaking nature and the most interesting culture . 
  i 'm very sad to see louisiana 's fate ever worsening . 
  i think everyone managed to get the meaning out of that phrase , and it does indeed sound 200 % more epic without the article . 
  what 's the beef here ? 
  i 'm telling you , literally everybody on the planet earth and beyond got the contrast . 
  anyhow , so is that the argument that armstrong is somehow incompetent for forgetting one single article while under stress of stepping for the first time on a surface of another world ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  it also was n't your argument , but the one i was replying to :, 
   after screwing up the line ( no , i do n't believe `` a '' was lost in transmission ) he shoved his head in the sand and lived the life of an isolated hermit . 
  i mean , that is just ?? 
  i come from a landlocked country , so all those endless marshes and floodlands took me by surprise for one , 
  still interested ? 
  where are you located ? 
  hello britain ? 
  i 'm on gmt +2 , central european summer time . 
  i ca n't today or tomorrow , but thursday evening perhaps ? 
  do you play with keyboard/mouse/joystick ? 
  edit : changed the proposed day . 
  edit : ca n't tomorrow , is thursday possible ? 
  i think i can get one friend of mine to play with us as well . 
  it 'd be cool to play on the same team , but i 'm not sure if it 'll be possible , we tried it last time , and did n't manage to set it up appropriately . 
  maybe we can try the coop mission though . 
  get some practice in the meantime !, 
  do you have jabber or any other im ? 
  eeeeeeh , without a mic it 's kinda pointless . 
  can you borrow one ? 
  9 or 10pm gmt +2 is fine , 
  if not , maybe we could use your phone as a microphone if you have android , 
  not the earphones i do n't think . 
  but you can put the phone in front of you with [ this app ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lordmarty.mumbleclient ) active , and it will act as a microphone . 
  and on the computer you 'll run the [ program ] ( http://www.mumble.com/ ) as well so you 'll have both the communication from mumble and the game sounds in your headphones , 
  at least i managed to use it that way once , it sorta worked , 
  you have to have headphones at least though . 
  it would n't void a warranty . 
  yep , we 'll be ready . 
  when shall we begin ? 
  in an hour ? 
  are you sure you 're on gmt ?
