  literally lol , have an upboat , sir !, 
  til !, 
  i do that constantly , it 's my little vice :-), 
  yeah , this knot is too big . 
  the tits are perfect , however . 
  well , i really enjoyed the british leak of secret government documents on how to avoid leaking secret government documents on the internet :d, 
  edit : [ rly -  really ] yes , you 're speaking truth , i 'm reddit gold gentleman and should behave as such . 
  my apologies gentleredditors , a round of whiskey at the club awaits , my treat !, 
  i second this . 
  every good investor tells you to stay away from the crowd . 
  fu indeed, 
  here in czech republic we have a drug against motion-sickness / car-sickness , i think that will help you if you need to read in a car . 
  however you 'll be a little sleepy when on it , so it 's better to listen to audio book :-), 
  so much awesome in 56 lines of code !, 
  burning sign !, 
  blinking constroction workers !, 
  and music !, 
  taking all brown m&m s out of one bowl of it is a job for 5 minutes for some intern or such . 
  2 other can double and triple-check it . 
  15 minutes total . 
  if they did n't put that little effort into that , how can you be sure they paid enough effort into all the other things ? 
  of course , that 's the act of final domination of our species . 
  we are no longer eating everything that 's alive . 
  we 're now eating dead species too . 
  ownage !, 
  it 's about precedent . 
  if you trash the place , others will hear about it , and will be prepared . 
  i think they do n't like to cancel shows just out of fun , you have to drive there , take the time to organize it , and then not get paid ? 
  the mainstream is quite wide field nowadays , and this is n't in the center of it . 
  i for one did not know her , and appreciated this post . 
  for me the clause `` bringing the often unheard and neglected to new ears '' was fullfilled completely . 
  exactly , thank you . 
  there 's no point in being agry at things you ca n't change ; people can be happy in every life situation , try it . 
  if ( s ) he does n't take the jeans off , she 'll be ok . 
  well , here in europe , she 's not that famous i 'd say . 
  while browsing her repertoire today i found i know a few of her songs , however , i have n't heard her much here . 
  or perhaps i 'm just not that into soul . 
  yes , that 's one of those i know , and did n't notice it was by her . 
  actually , i always thought that song was sang by a man with little high pitched voice . . 
  as stated by my subthread i agree with your point . 
  your language , however , i strongly oppose . 
  i hope you 're not one of the gentlemans of the lounge , sir , for you would n't fit there . 
  they 're actually my local band , and i think they 're awesome . 
  what do * you * think ? 
  damn , it took me about 5 minutes to difuse the confusion in my mind . 
  it all started when i was diagnosed dislectic ... and then 5 minutes ago i read it as '' ... since 1933 '' . 
  i read the strip , the comments , the strip ... and out of utter confusion looked at the title again . 
  hooray , that 's better :-), 
  really ? 
  becouse i 'm on those forums , and i have to say i 've heard them , plus it happened to me myself too . . 
  also it looks that this problem is shared with htc evo 4g , for those guys are posting very similar problems . 
  i 'm hoping it 's botched cards they shipped , not the phones themselves . 
  for a while , i thought you upgoatsed . 
  anything that plugs the hole i say ... 
  i actually stumbled upon this about a year ago on wikipedia . 
  i love my little wikipedia trips , i never know where they 'll end up , and i love the trivia too . 
  i thought this particular trivia was very exciting , unfortunatelly after telling some of my friends , i was corrected ... still glad i know :-), 
  why be unhappy , use opera !, 
  today * he * learned , not * you * . 
  fucking awesome :d, 
  love the fucking view !, 
  hey , they say hospitals sometimes swap babies ... now we have proof , they were twins !, 
  the it crowd , a britcom , i highly recommend :-), 
  ** i do n't get it ** , can anybody please explain to me , how he was able to shoot this document of himself ? 
  i mean tripod - ok , but where did he get the endless supply of batteries for the camera ? 
  and some of the shots are of him and the camera is moving !, 
  was there somebody with him ? 
  does n't it ruin the purpose of him being alone in the wilderness ? 
  edit : anyhow , that whole documentary was perfect . 
  he was some guy !, 
  edit : so the moving camera is operated by some stranger he once met , according to wikipedia . 
  still wondering about the batteries though . . 
  then how do you get from some place south of the amazon to some place north of it ? 
  do you have to take a ferry across the river ? 
  but they say there are no roads there neither ... 
  so do you either take your car on a ship and go by sea , or do you go west and go around the river ? 
  well , actually , i 'm nod fond of laugh tracks either , however , they seem to ruin most of the comedy shows of today , good and bad , so i got used to it . 
  that is quite interesting view i had not considered . 
  thank you !, 
  i need to get to the south america and see it for myself one day . 
  are n't you just overreacting , sir ? 
  they have 3 actually :, 
  http://eggnoise.cz/en_diskografie.php - they 're discography in english, 
  fuck , please let it be photoshopped !, 
  the sexiest of all rapies . 
  i do n't trust anything that bleeds for five days and does n't die . 
  well , i dare say , it seems not to work . 
  it presents paths where the links are missing . 
  i fear that would make him even more money somehow ... 
  well said . 
  have an upsulphur-hexafluoride !, 
  it 's absolute well-writen bullshit :-d, 
  it does not !, 
  somebody please help ? 
  seconded , later . 
  ( nsfw mark ), 
  people bookmarks ftw !, 
  come on , * people bookmarks * sound adorable !, 
  * staler list * is more of a descriptive title , it takes all the fun away : - /, 
  that 's fucking briliant video :d,
