  bernie was on the right track in that regard , but a lot of his followers were n't , you know , the `` bernie or bust '' idiots . 
  german `` turks '' are n't really turks either though , and they quickly notice that when they go to turkey and suddenly are `` the germans '' . 
  it is a problem europe has to deal with , but not what the question was about . 
  what i meant was that these things work very differently in europe than they do in the us , and thus europeans are n't qualified to tell americans about american identities even if those refer to european ancestry . 
  the american model could n't ever work in europe , so it does n't really make sense to compare them . 
  in america , ethnicity and nationality are separate , and can only be separate because there are hardly any ethnic americans left , and they are usually not referred to as just `` americans '' , but tend to get an extra adjective ( `` native americans '' ) . 
  everybody is assumed to be a descendant of immigrants and thus being `` american '' as a national identity is basically defined by everybody being a n-th generation immigrant . 
  this is not the case in europe . 
  we usually have just one word for an ethnicity and a nationality . 
  while in the us it is a perfectly innocent question to ask about someone 's ancestry , it can be considered * really * racist in europe , especially by nonwhite europeans . 
  if you assume to be able to link someone 's ethnicity/nationality to their ancestors , you 're being a racist because ( even if you 're unaware ) you 're telling a black german they could never be a `` real '' german . 
  i mean if person a is some white person in the us , who is `` 100 % german '' even though they have never set foot in germany , do n't know the language and would be completely unable to navigate german society like a german , what percentage of `` german '' is person b , someone whose parents came from nigeria to germany , who has german citizenship , grew up in germany , speaks perfect german and knows and lives the social norms and customs but does have an african appearance ? 
  either you go by ancestry and go back to an ideology that we had before 1945 and say person b ca n't be german because of their race . 
  then you can call those `` 100 % germans '' like person a from the us actual germans and be a happy racist . 
  we still have some of those left , do n't worry . 
  or you ignore the `` race '' and ancestry and you will see that the person b is a lot more german than the `` 100 % '' person a ones . 
  so they really are n't , they 're more like not german at all compared to person b. 
  so however innocent it may seem in the us to think of being german ( or italian , or irish , etc. ), 
  as something you can inherit from your ancestors , in germany that idea is deeply liked with racism and nazi ideology , so do n't be surprised when you get the corresponding negative responses . 
  so you mean , you have no sources ? 
  it sounds like your argument is : `` cultural genocide against dialects would be a bad thing '' + `` mao did bad things '' = `` mao committed cultural genocide against dialects '' . 
  that 's kind of ... flawed logic . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_chinese#modern_china ) says this :  a survey conducted by the chinese ministry of education in 2007 indicated that 53.06 % of the population were able to effectively communicate orally in standard chinese . 
  does n't sound like dialects or minority languages are gone , does it ? 
  or do you have actual sources for your alleged `` cultural genocide '' against dialects ? 
   since germany itself is a federation of previously independent principalities , and there is such diversity in the culture and language ( the american image of germany is very bavarian ) , how much of the former gdr 's cultural differences from the west are a result of the historic areas that it included ? 
  ( e.g historic prussian regions , areas influenced by proximity and contact with poles and czechs ) the proximity with poles and czechs thing is probably relatively irrelevant , as all the areas that had a mixed german/polish or german/czech population are now part of poland or czechia and except for a small area around opole in silesia , there are basically no germans left . 
  the descendants of those germans who used to live there are spread over all of germany , both east and west . 
  but there were cultural differences even before the gdr . 
  the big term back then was `` ostelbien '' , which was used for all parts of germany east of the elbe river , including most of what later became the gdr and all parts of germany that were given to poland and the ussr after the war . 
  ostelbien had was about half of the area of the german empire , but was much less densely populated than the west , was much more rural , and the rural life was dominated by the `` junker '' class , low ranking nobility who owned large areas of land and employed the rural population , who usually did n't own any land . 
  contrary to that , in the western part it was common for farmers to have their own family farm without or with very little external employees . 
  so quite a few things that are now associated with the gdr , like the huge farms with large numbers of employees , and also the lower density of technology companies , are actually older . 
  afaik , the industrial centers of the gdr were also mostly in the south-western half , because that had n't been part of ostelbien . 
  the most distinct german think i can think of is the capitalized nouns . 
  it really changes the look of a printed page . 
  personally i like that feature a lot and do n't really understand why other languages never had it or even got rid of it on purpose . 
  wait what ? 
  where has there ever been a cultural genocide against chinese dialects ? 
  do you have any sources ? 
  afaik in many parts of china , children still learn standard chinese basically as a foreign language . 
  heh , i only passed through czechia once , but it made me feel right at home ... basically looks like southern germany . 
  after living in northern germany for a while it was so nice to see familiar looking towns and landscapes again . 
  sorry , i just could n't resist . 
  but in all seriousness , this would probably be a question for / r/askanamerican . 
  what you are actually asking is whether american-italian and american-sicilian are different identities or not and no european will be able to give you an answer to that , as it only makes sense inside the us . 
  neither of them would be considered italian in italy , especially if they are not speaking italian as their primary language , follow italian pop culture , had the experience of growing up in italy and going to an italian school , have an opinion on italian politics and politicians , etc. 
  preserving some parts of what italian culture was like 100 years ago wo n't be enough . 
  or would you consider someone to be truly american who has never been to the us , speaks no or only really bad english and is n't a citizen , only because one of their grandparents was born in the us and they still have thanksgiving as a family tradition ( but celebrate it differently from americans ) ? 
  having these identities is a part of american culture and as such i do n't care how you define yourselves . 
  but it has nothing to do with modern europe or how europeans define their identities , so asking us wo n't be really helpful . 
  also , when you 're online or otherwise not in a strictly american environment , please differentiate between european nationalities and american subcultures . 
  american-italian is a very different thing from italian . 
  huh ? 
  how does she look center-left ? 
  her party is ( center - ) right , she is leaning more to the center , but out of the six relevant parties , only one is to her right , and three are definitely to her left . 
  i do n't think anyone in germany , or in the rest of europe , would see her as left of the center in any way . 
  they are italians , much unlike americans of italian ancestry . 
  most people here hated bush , loved obama and hate trump . 
  so we 've known for a while that half of the us are perfectly willing to vote for a right wing crazy person while the other half are n't . 
  europeans will probably be less smug about it than back in the bush days , as we have the same kind of right wing populists too now . 
  no , not going to happen . 
  it 's possible and normal to live together and have children without getting married . 
  i do n't believe in the `` romantic '' idea behind it , eternal monogamy etc. 
  solidarity with same-sex couples who are n't allowed to would be another reason , but i still would n't marry if that were to change . 
  this exactly . 
  responsibility for the holocaust and nazi terror in general is a very important part of german identity and we take care to keep it alive . 
  it 's not about race or heritage though . 
  if you become german , you become responsible for the holocaust . 
  from 1930 . 
  i had to move to a more remote part of town because rents went up a lot . 
  previous one was late 1800s , probably but cheaply built . 
   i kinda like the idea behind the german one . 
  it 's not a song about war or conquering everyone ( hmm , i wonder why ? ), 
  but it still sounds quite upbeat . 
  the german one was originally about creating a united germany , which did n't exist when it was written . 
  the current anthem is the third stanza only , the most liberal of the three . 
  the first one includes the geographical borders of that germany to be created , which would sound very aggressive today , as he included the farthest german speaking places ( in the 19th century ) in all directions . 
  not what you would want to sing today . 
  also the easy-to-misinterpret line `` germany above all '' . 
  the second one was simply bad in every respect , so it 's good they 're both not official in any respect nowadays . 
  the east german one was actually better imho . 
  they did n't sing the lyrics after they gave up on uniting the country ( the anthem talks about germany being united ) , but the lyrics are pretty good , talking about building up a new peaceful germany from the ruins after wwii . 
  on the phone i run android , but without any proprietary google stuff and i compiled it myself . 
  most people i know run linux , windows or macos though . 
  maybe just another reminder : tourists do n't usually take different means of transportation than locals , since they generally have neither more nor less money . 
  most tourists in europe are other europeans . 
  and the general standard of living is high enough that almost everybody will be a tourist sometimes . 
  this may be different from honduras . 
  that also means we do n't have a lot of `` tourist things '' the locals ca n't afford like the buses in honduras you talked about . 
  we do have tourist traps the locals avoid because they 're not worth the money though . 
  i do n't want nation states , i want federations all the way down . 
  i could name them with help from wikipedia . 
  that 's not google . 
  keep in mind that europe is not honduras or the us . 
  the main public transport system between towns are trains , and they come in different flavors : long distance trains that go very fast and stop only in major cities - -- those are basically the equivalent of greyhound buses or planes in the us -- and regional trains that stop in ( almost ) every little town on the way -- those may be what you are looking for . 
  there are certain -- relatively cheap -- train tickets that let you go through either one state or all of germany for one day , but you are only allowed to use local trains -- no long distance trains . 
  usually even cheaper if you are a group up to 5 people.those tickets may or may not be valid for buses in some areas , too . 
  look for quer-durchs-land-ticket and l\u00e4ndertickets . 
  going through all of europe that way would be a pain in the ass thoug .
