   shchpshgzhshbzhwzhchzzzzzz pretty much true . 
  depending on the speaker , it 's a little different , for example the kind of polish i hear most often ( middle aged drunk polish alcoholics in berlin ) is more like this : sh kurwa chp kurwa shgzh kurwa shbzh kurwa wzhch kurwa zzzzzz yes , we know that they 're not representative of poland . 
  i could n't think of anything clever , so i looked around me and saw a poster of [ erich m\u00fchsam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erich_m%c3%bchsam ) . 
  somehow the name was still free . 
  in german , lade ( pl laden ) also means drawer . 
  but it 's usually used as schublade ( `` push-drawer '' ) . 
  you do n't have two votes in all states . 
  in bw you just have one . 
  i 've always liked the bavarian system better than the federal one : you have two votes , one goes to a direct candidate of your constituency , the other goes to * one candidate * on one of the party lists for your bezirk ( bavaria has seven of those ) . 
  the list always includes all direct candidates from the same bezirk , except for the one of the constituency itself . 
  for each bezirk , all votes for each party , * first and second * , are added up , and the number of seats is calculated . 
  the winners of each constituency ( first vote ) get a seat automatically , the rest are awarded by the list , where the candidates are sorted by the number of votes they got ( first and second vote added together ) . 
  if a party wins more constituencies than the number of seats they 'd get through the proportional system , the bezirk 's seat count is increased , and additional seats are awarded proportionally , until the party has enough seats for their direct mandates . 
  but since both votes count equally , that rarely happens . 
  in the current landtag there are no such additional seats . 
  the one thing i really do n't like about it is that it still has the 5 % threshold , which applies even to direct candidates ( so running without a party/list is impossible ) . 
  in no other election in bavaria ( stadtrat , kreistag , bezirkstag ) does such a threshold exist and i do n't see why the landtag should need one . 
  the system already protects from infinite splintering since a party must have regional candidates everywhere to reach its full potential . 
  however , later `` von '' was added to all sorts of last names when people were given the status of nobility . 
  goethe got awarded a `` von '' at some point , for example . 
  to be fair , i think especially `` kerngeh\u00e4use '' and `` brotanschnitt '' are not really used widely . 
  i 've heard probably a dozen names for each in germany as well . 
  the reform that got rid of ( most ) c and also th was in 1901 , so more than a hundred years ago . 
  c was not only replaced by k but also z. 
  for example circus became zirkus . 
  one grammar related thing that happened in the last 100 years , and afaik was only done in written or very formal spoken language before , was getting rid of dative e. for many ( masculine and neuter ) nouns , dative case had an additional e in the end . 
  in some fixed expressions you still hear it , but using it all the time would make you sound like 100 year old professor . 
  i 'm in a uni focused on stem , and the student organizations are pretty much all leftist , generally left of the left party , influenced by anarchism i 'd say . 
  ( yay ! ), 
  the only exception is economics , they tend to be pretty liberal . 
  but of course , in uni politics , being right wing means wanting less rights for students ' representation , so that 's a weird agenda to have as a student organization in the first place . 
   and call me crazy if you must i must . 
  you 're crazy . 
  it 's a long story . 
  there have been persecutions of jews since the middle ages . 
  jews were `` different '' ( not christian ) and therefore got blamed whenever something bad happened . 
  jews were not allowed in most `` honorable '' jobs , but they were -- unlike christians -- allowed to lend money and charge interest . 
  that led to the stereotype of them being greedy and focused on money . 
  antisemitism stayed part of european culture , which led to zionism as a counter movement . 
  jews were not considered part of any european nation , so they should have their own nation in their own country . 
  while before wwii there was an equally big movement to integrate as regular citizens of the respective countries , that pretty much stopped with the holocaust . 
  you do n't want to stay in a society that killed your relatives and wanted to kill you . 
  nowadays , you ca n't call yourself an antisemite anymore without being considered a bad person , so they use the term antizionist instead . 
  tl ; dr some people hate jews simply because they always have . 
  huh ? 
  is n't that `` was '' subjunctive , not past ? 
  they tend to look alike in english , but are very different things . 
  til thanks . 
   lol 1,0 is hard ? 
  pff gtfo [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abitur#scoring ) 's the explanation of german grades . 
  to quote the article :  the best possible grade of 1.0 can be achieved if the score ranges between 823 and 900 points ; the fraction of students achieving this score is normally only around 0.2-3 % [ 4 ] even among the already selective population of abitur candidates . 
  so yes , it 's hard , it 's only about 1 % or less of all students who are that good . 
   and where 's your source on not many people wanting to study maths experience . 
  friends who study math . 
  really ? 
  really ? 
  i 've often heard ( for example on / r/germany or here ) us students talk about it basically the other way around , that they 're trying to get into a certain school , or that they want to know which school has a good reputation , without even mentioning their subject . 
  and they seemed to be surprised that the same university may be extremely easy to get into for some subjects but near impossible for others . 
   unless you 're a fucktard you can easily get in for medicine no , you 'll basically need an 1,0 abitur ( or very close ) , which is extremely hard to do . 
  or wait for several semesters . 
  do you have any sources that suggest otherwise ? 
   and why tf should math be easy to get into ? 
  because there are n't many people who want to study it . 
   no wonder the german higher education system is so far behind the anglomurican one . 
  any sources ? 
  what do you even mean by `` behind '' ? 
  do you think , german university graduates are generally less educated than american ones ? 
   the fact that only 20 % of germans have a degree speaks for itself . 
  that 's mostly because our vocational training is working extremely well . 
  it has been a corner stone of the economy since the middle ages . 
  university is n't for job training here , so many things that would require a university degree somewhere else are done through vocational training here . 
  also , you need abitur ( which is a lot harder than most countries ' high school degrees ) to even be allowed to study in university . 
  it does n't map to systems other than the anglo-american one . 
  in germany for example , you do n't try to get into a good school first , and then pick a major , it 's the other way around . 
  you decide which subject you 're going to study , and then apply to universities * for that subject * . 
  if you want to study medicine , there will not be a single uni in germany where it 's easy to get in , while you probably wo n't have a problem getting into math at any german uni ( provided you meet the formal qualifications to study at all ) . 
  sure , some unis will be considered good * for a specific subject * , but in general , there 's not a lot of distinction between `` good '' and `` bad '' unis . 
  they 're all ( basically ) free , after all . 
  many stores have actually [ stopped selling plastic bags ] ( https://nachhaltig.rewe.de/# ) and only have paper ones or higher quality reusable ones ( cotton or sometimes recycled plastic ) . 
  i have enough cotton bags already , so i just bring two of them when i go shopping , and have to pay for a bag only very rarely . 
  yes , but the difference comes from the systems . 
  in a parliamentary system , especially one with proportional representation ( and therefore party lists ) , representatives feel a lot more pressure to support the executive leader if they 're in the ruling coalition . 
  if the senate rejecting bills could be seen as a step towards getting trump out of office and possibly the democrats in , republican senators would probably be less likely to do so . 
  if it would mean they wo n't get nominated again and therefore automatically lose their seat , the same applies . 
  there is a huge difference between the us with its presidential system and most european countries with their parliamentary systems . 
  our executive leader ( in germany : chancellor ) is elected by the parliament and thus has a majority there . 
  there 's also the vote of no confidence , which means the parliament can replace the chancellor if it wishes . 
  the way politics is done in practice is that after an election , parties start negotiations to form a coalition which would have more than 50 % of the seats ( no single party gets that many , usually ) . 
  in those negotiations , they make an agreement what they will do the next four years , which things they will vote for and which they wo n't vote for , etc. 
  after that , they usually have a comfortable majority on most things , with relatively few representatives voting against party or coalition line . 
   also , is racial categorization not as prevalent in europe as it is in the states ( examples such as marking your race down on an application ) ? 
  in germany it 's unthinkable to have a form that asks for `` race '' . 
  the term is extremely linked with the nazis , and even suggesting that such a thing exists in an objective way is considered extremely racist . 
  for example , there is this paragraph in our constitution :  no person shall be favoured or disfavoured because of sex , parentage , race , language , homeland and origin , faith , or religious or political opinions . 
  no person shall be disfavoured because of disability . 
  there is a certain push to change it because of the use of `` race '' here , which people see as racist ( because it implies that such a thing exists ) . 
  on forms you will be asked about your citizenship , your birth place , in a few cases even religion ( there are just three though : catholic , ( mainstream ) protestant , and `` others/none '' ) , but never ever about race . 
  it does n't help that in german , the word * rasse * means not only * race * but also * breed * , like a certain breed of dogs . 
  never heard of that either . 
  we have neo nazis .
