if it 's called oktoberfest and is n't the one in munich , it 's not `` authentic '' in any way , it 's just a munich oktoberfest themed festival , not related to local tradition where it takes place and in most cases not older than ten or twenty years . 
  oktoberfest is literally the name of the single festival in munich , not a german or bavarian holiday season or general tradition . 
  of course there are other volksfeste in all of germany and beyond , and they generally all have rides and beer . 
  we 've had a similar attack in berlin in december last year , where someone ran a vehicle into a crowd . 
  the difference was he had a ( hijacked ) truck and in that way could kill even more people . 
  but he was also killed in the attack , probably by the truck driver . 
  any one of those attacks is one too much . 
  these ideologies must be fought . 
  but after each of these `` terrorist '' attacks , we must also remind ourselves that there ca n't ever be total security and we ca n't give up our freedoms and our openness while trying to achieve it . 
  if we give in to our fear , the terrorists win , because that is what they really want . 
  i think you 're imagining a larger difference than what really exists . 
  being unemployed generally does n't mean being at the brink of starving or homelessness anywhere in europe , especially when you 're in your home area where you have friends and family around . 
  on the other hand , having a shitty minimum wage job in germany wo n't leave you with too much money after you 've paid your rent , food , clothes , etc. 
  surely not enough for many people to move to a colder country with often shitty and depressing weather where they do n't have any friends and do n't speak the language . 
  if you 're qualified enough to score a well paid job in germany despite not knowing the language , you 're probably not unemployed for a long time in your home country either . 
  germans are generally absolute shit in speaking foreign languages from just across the border , no matter which border it is . 
  i 've heard it 's not that bad with french in saarland , but i 'm not from that area so i do n't really know . 
  the ( weak ) defense we have is that most of those language borders are n't very old , and are mostly a result of our bad habit of starting and losing world wars . 
  [ here ] ( http://images.zeno.org/brockhaus-1911/i/big/bkklde51.jpg ) 's a language map from the the early 20th century . 
  sorry eurobro-neighbors . 
  i promise i will learn at least one of your languages well enough for basic communication at some point . 
  i do n't think anyone would put germany , austria , or czechia into any other category here . 
  somewhat . 
  if they are my ethnicity , which means first and foremost that they are german native speakers with no english accent . 
  ethnicity is not the same thing as ancestry , and for being `` german '' , language is far more important than anything else . 
  the whole refugee thing has almost nothing to do with economics , that 's the simple truth you 're refusing to acknowledge . 
  the government can be sued too if they break international law or the constitution . 
  this is not a dictatorship . 
  you do n't have to have a good opinion of someone to help them when they are in need . 
  and their religion is completely irrelevant . 
  people who are persecuted or who flee war have a * right * to be protected , to not be kicked out . 
  and people are interested in having a government respect everybody 's rights , because that makes sure their rights are also respected . 
  and merkel was n't bashed in germany a lot , at least not by a majority . 
  those who protested just did so loudly and violently . 
  many people agreed with her decisions , and she has gained respect for it even from other parties . 
  she will most likely win the elections by a big margin , while the only party that is anti-refugee polls around just 8 % . 
  speaking spanish and being able to speak english are n't mutually exclusive though , are they ? 
   teach you words like saxophone , elephant saxophon , elefant that 's the lazy way of teaching , just pick words that are identical in both languages and pronounce them with a german accent . 
  what regulation are you talking about ? 
  they are treated equally , but if they do n't have the proper qualifications they do n't have the proper qualifications . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think switzerland and austria have comparable systems , but i 'm not sure about any other country . 
  it 's mostly an internal cultural thing though . 
  too many people going to college . 
   it 's like merkel wants to deliberately kill multiculturalism and social democracy for profit by deliberately mishandling this flow of immigrants . 
  see , i do n't like merkel either , but you 're talking like a conspiracy nut . 
  it was a difficult situation , and looking at the result , it was n't handled too badly . 
  many things could have been better , but they could have also been a lot worse . 
   also , if i could get emigrate would i be viewed negatively ? 
  if you stick to your racism and looking down on people , i would view you negatively . 
  if you quit that racism and learn the language ( which is hard ) and do n't think that being american or white or christian or `` western '' entitles you to anything , no problems . 
  germany needs skilled professionals , which mostly means people who went through the german system of vocational training for certain trades . 
  not enough students do that because many chose to go to university instead since that is still considered `` better '' , and then do n't find a job . 
  it 's not something that can be solved well through immigrants from america/mena because our system does n't really exist anywhere outside of central europe . 
  no , please keep your racist lies in trumpistan where they belong . 
  they want to work but are n't allowed to until they 're granted refugee status , which takes months , sometimes years . 
  and even when they get their work permit , it 's tough getting their degrees recognized and many have to start all over . 
  while at the same time having to do mandatory integration courses , which is tough because there are n't really enough courses for everyone . 
  a lot of syrians spend a lot of time learning a lot of german , much unlike many of those us expat types who ca n't be bothered with it and instead make everybody around them speak * their * language ( i have yet to find a syrian who tries to pull that off ) . 
  you know , shittalking other immigrant populations based on a piece you once saw on fox news and mistook for reality wo n't make you more popular and wo n't make people here more inviting towards you . 
  the ue is not an \u00fc here , it 's a diphthong that 's common in all upper german dialects , where standard german has a long u. 
  i 'm not from franconia but from swabia , which is the other `` non-bavarian '' part of bavaria ( bayern but not baiern ) , directly at the border to bw . 
  i do n't think anybody there would want to not be part of bavaria , even though some get annoyed that we get forgotten about , even more so than franconians . 
  and like ( afaik ) in all of bavaria , you 'll see a lot more white and blue than black , red , and gold flags in people 's yards . 
  of course nobody wants an international border between ulm and neu-ulm , but if it 's a schengen style arrangements or an eu that is almost as integrated as germany is , i do n't think many people would mind not having the federal republic anymore . 
  maybe bavaria is really a special case , as it has been mostly the same size and shape ( except for palatinate and some minor changes ) since the vienna congress , long before the german unification . 
   smaller administrative states ( i.e catalonia , flanders , bavaria , etc ) i do n't know about catalonia and flanders , but bavaria is no more an `` administrative state '' of germany than france is an `` administrative state '' of the eu . 
  germany is a federation made up if 16 countries , and the federal level has no influence over how those countries deal with their own issues . 
  each country has its own constitution that is valid completely independent of the federal level . 
  the federal government could not ( not even with a 100 % majority ) dissolve any member country or redraw the borders , or change the voting system there . 
  to answer the actual question , i personally think dissolving germany , or reducing it to a `` collection of countries '' like the nordics , would be a great idea in a federal europe . 
  some smaller countries may want to unite , but countries like bavaria , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , and north-rhine-westphalia are easily large enough to be individual eu members , especially if it becomes a proper federation . 
  hey , gutenberg was awesome , he invented the printing press . 
  guttenberg on the other hand ... 
  pretty sure those machines are not really in public spaces then . 
  they legally have to implement age restriction , so it has to either check your id or not be accessible by unaccompanied minors in the first place . 
  85 % positive 15 % idiots . 
  it 's hard to tell , because it 's a label almost everybody can use , so you will have some idiots among them . 
  but for the most part , they 're just amazing people who work hard for generally no pay at all to keep us all save , keep our countries livable . 
  sure , a lot of media will just show a few rioters , because that 's how you get clicks . 
  but the truth is , without engaged and active antifascists , european societies would be in far worse shape now than they are . 
  it 's not likely with current polls , but schr\u00f6der was n't that long ago and cdu was out of the coalition then . 
  also under brandt and schmidt of course . 
  saying that a revolution would be necessary to get cdu out means saying germany is a dictatorship . 
  edit : note that even after the last elections , a coalition without cdu would have been possible . 
  you can end up in the opposition even as the strongest party . 
  his name is schulz . 
  and if he 's chancellor , cdu/csu is n't part of government and ca n't get their shit ideas turned into law . 
  we use chancellor on the federal level because prime minister ( ministerpr\u00e4sident ) is used in germany 's member countries . 
  like in the us there 's president and governor . 
  yes , like about half the other boys around me . 
  it 's an extremely common thing . 
  i was terrible at it but it was fun for a few years . 
  all right , but then the whole issue is pretty unrelated to trump and the last elections . 
   you who consider it a legitimate country and him a legitimate winner are , in my honest opinion , incorrect and maybe a bit naive . 
  do n't twist my words . 
  i do n't consider any form of government legitimate . 
  but if you accept the us constitution , you have to accept trump as a legitimate winner . 
  i do n't really know enough about venezuela to comment . 
  but the difference between turkey and the us is massive .
