  imho , gender ( and religion ) should be treated as a private matter and not appear on any official document . 
  but i do n't see that coming any time soon . 
  first of all , high and low are about geography : northern germany is flat and almost at sea level ( thus low ) , central and southern germany has many medium sized mountain ranges , and in the very south the alps ( thus high ) . 
  `` high german '' can mean two things : * it 's an umbrella term for all upper and central german dialects * it 's a colloquial name for standard german the reason for this is that standard german is mostly based on central eastern german dialects , but has mostly replaced the low german ones . 
  so nowadays the everyday language in the north is close to standard ( with a few quirks adopted from lower german ) . 
  what 's considered the standard pronunciation of standard german is ( mostly ) northern phonology . 
  in general you may categorize german dialects like this : * north : unless you meet one of the few low german speakers , pretty close to standard pronunciation , with some weird words and some simplified sounds ( pf often becomes p or f , for example ) , and sometimes atrocious grammar ( low german grammar was simplified , like in the related languages dutch and english ) * central east : grammar pretty close to standard , but the pronunciation is very different , their vowels seem to be in between the standard ones . 
  goofy but understandable . 
  * south ( including switzerland and austria ) : several different dialects that could be considered languages of their own , with their own phonology , grammar , and vocabulary . 
  * central west : a little of all of the above , mixed . 
  and yes , they differ a lot . 
  however everybody also speaks standard german . 
  still with a local accent but mutually understandable . 
  it 's not really a class issue . 
  you 're supposed to be able to speak standard german and use it ( at least sort of ) when talking publicly or to people from a different area , but that 's it . 
  it 's not hard to localize the accents of top politicians or business leaders . 
  the german , austrian , and swiss version of standard german are about as different from each other as formal british and american english . 
  completely understandable , but pronunciation and some words differ a little . 
  first of all , high and low are about geography : northern germany is flat and almost at sea level ( thus low ) , central and southern germany has many medium sized mountain ranges , and in the very south the alps ( thus high ) . 
  `` high german '' can mean two things : * it 's an umbrella term for all upper and central german dialects * it 's a colloquial name for standard german the reason for this is that standard german is mostly based on central eastern german dialects , but has mostly replaced the low german ones . 
  so nowadays the everyday language in the north is close to standard ( with a few quirks adopted from lower german ) . 
  what 's considered the standard pronunciation of standard german is ( mostly ) northern phonology . 
  in general you may categorize german dialects like this : * north : unless you meet one of the few low german speakers , pretty close to standard pronunciation , with some weird words and some simplified sounds ( pf often becomes p or f , for example ) , and sometimes atrocious grammar ( low german grammar was simplified , like in the related languages dutch and english ) * central east : grammar pretty close to standard , but the pronunciation is very different , their vowels seem to be in between the standard ones . 
  goofy but understandable . 
  * south ( including switzerland and austria ) : several different dialects that could be considered languages of their own , with their own phonology , grammar , and vocabulary . 
  * central west : a little of all of the above , mixed . 
  and yes , they differ a lot . 
  however everybody also speaks standard german . 
  still with a local accent but mutually understandable . 
  it 's not really a class issue . 
  you 're supposed to be able to speak standard german and use it ( at least sort of ) when talking publicly or to people from a different area , but that 's it . 
  it 's not hard to localize the accents of top politicians or business leaders . 
  the german , austrian , and swiss version of standard german are about as different from each other as formal british and american english . 
  completely understandable , but pronunciation and some words differ a little . 
  really , neither `` right '' nor `` left '' politics have a consistent definition and may mean various different things . 
  that 's why those terms are not really useful , especially outside a given frame of reference . 
  ( which country , which era , etc. ), 
  if you listen to what today 's far right , they will also claim to be `` for the masses '' and `` against the elites '' . 
  actually that is their main talking point . 
  well , i 'm just speaking from the german perspective , and even our left party ( part of gue/ngl ) pretty much says `` there are things wrong with the eu , so we must fix them , otherwise nationalist movements will rise and the eu may break apart and we must not allow this to happen '' . 
  of course the conservatives only hear the part about the eu being imperfect and therefore call them `` anti eu '' , but that clearly is n't the case . 
  it depends a lot on your definition of left and right wing . 
  but in many countries , left wing means internationalist or anti-nationalist , while right wing means nationalist . 
  i mean , most of the anti-eu parties are clearly on the right edge of the spectrum . 
  ok , let 's start  acknowledging that europe has a declining birth rate true . 
   and that africa and asia have increasing birth rates , really ? 
  do you have any numbers for that ? 
  i honestly think that you either do n't know what a birth rate is or that you do n't know what `` increase '' and `` decline '' means . 
  hint : the world 's birth rate is declining . 
   coupled with european distaste for immigration , ok , what does that have to do with anything ? 
  and is there even such a `` distaste '' ? 
  i 'm european , too , and i certainly do n't have a distaste for immigration . 
   should we not consider programmes to increase the birth rate ? 
  why would anyone want to increase the birth rate anywhere ? 
  and how do those four points even relate to each other ? 
  sure , i am . 
  i 'm very antireligious , and i did n't want to be part of that anymore . 
  i had to go to a local court building and tell them , they handed me a certificate . 
  it was free , but nowadays the state of berlin wants 20 $ or something for letting you leave church . 
  thanks , cdu . 
  for southern germany , there 's a `` ma\u00df '' , which is an old measuring unit that 's nowadays rounded to a liter ( so a pretty large beer ) , and the more common `` halbe '' ( half ) , which means half a liter . 
  smaller glasses definitely exist but are rarer and do n't have special names . 
  ok , maybe i 'll put it in a way you will understand : one thing that america got right a long time before europe did , was decimal money . 
  one dollar is the same as ten dimes or a hundred cents or a thousand mils . 
  usually only dollars and cents are used . 
  america was a forerunner for having such a simple system , while britain was one of the last places to adopt it . 
  until the 60s , a british pound was 20 shillings , and a shilling was 12 pence . 
  imagine buying 50 items of five pence each . 
  how much is that in total ? 
  well , obviously 250 pence , but what 's that in pounds and shillings ? 
  i 'll leave that to you . 
  now do the same for us currency . 
  50 items of 5 cents is 250 cents , which is the same thing as $ 2.50 , it does n't even feel like a conversion . 
  done . 
  do you see how brilliant the great american system is , how superior and successful ? 
  all european countries have adopted it because it 's clearly superior . 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  metric means making all units just as easy to use . 
   if i were ever visiting or living in a country where most people do n't or wo n't speak english i do n't even know what that means . 
  in most european countries , people are perfectly able and willing to speak english , to tourists for example . 
  english serves as a lingua franca , so if i go to a country where i do n't speak the local language , i will use english for communication . 
  but it is still rude to not learn the language if you 're going to live there for more than , say , half a year . 
  even for shorter stays , you should know at least a few phrases . 
  the thing is , speaking a foreign language ( what english is to us ) is always more exhausting , and requires more thought , than speaking your native language . 
  so it 's not like people wo n't speak english to you , they will , but you have to remember that they 're doing you a favor . 
  they 're making things harder for themselves to make it easier for you . 
  think of it this way : if your shoe got untied and you asked your friend to hold your bag for a moment so you can tie it , it 'd not be an issue at all . 
  but if you simply tell your friend `` hold this '' and hand them your bag whenever you meet , and expect them to carry it while you walk around together , they will probably not be your friend for long . 
  speaking english to you is similar : it 's a favor , we like to do favors to each other because that makes life more pleasant for everybody , so it 's no deal . 
  i mean , we make use of the same thing when they visit other countries . 
  but if you expect people to do you a favor for an extended period of time , and feel like you 're entitled to that and do n't have to give anything in return , you 're simply being rude and people wo n't think highly of you . 
  i think it might depend heavily on the generation . 
  afaik it 's mostly like this : since the revolution ( and partly even before ) , alsace ( probably partly applies to moselle , too ) had been part of france politically , but mostly remained part of the `` germanosphere '' culturally and language-wise . 
  german intellectuals and especially republicans went there , since in that way it was the most modern and liberal german speaking area . 
  during the german empire , it was part of germany again , but kind of 2nd class ( could n't vote until 1911 , for example ) . 
  basically the situation stayed that way until ww2 . 
  but then , the nazis decided that alsace-lorraine , along with luxembourg and parts of belgium , was obviously part of germany ( since it was german speaking ) , so they annexed it ( instead of just occupying ) , and young men were drafted into the german army . 
  many of those guys hated the nazis though , they also did n't identify as germans but rather german speaking frenchmen , and some had been french soldiers before the annexation , so they felt like being forced to fight for an enemy army . 
  after the war , large parts of that generation were very anti-german .
