  however , there also has to be accountability and professionalism ( you have to go through years of training to get into the police ) , and there is a certain danger those things might fall short if decentralization is done the wrong way . 
   drukarka - meaning in polish ' a printer ' and comes from german drucken - compress , put pressure and it refers to very first method of printing books . 
  * drucken * is only used for printing , * drucker * is a printer . 
  the verb for applying pressure or simply pushing is * dr\u00fccken * ( though in dialects it may be * drucken * ) . 
  both words are derived from * druck * , meaning pressure . 
   calling wood renewable or green is misleading , it also pollute the atmosphere that 's very different from co \u2082 , which i was talking about , and can be filtered . 
  but of course it has its own problems . 
   and at one point we need to stop cutting trees and let the forests grow to stock co2 sure . 
  but that does n't make it non-renewable ( new trees get planted for each one that gets cut down ) , it just does n't do the extra help to store co \u2082 that letting them grow would bring . 
  what we should be doing is expand the forests , let the current ones grow old and use the new ones as `` wood fields '' , like we are doing with almost all of our forests currently . 
   choosing renewable in countries that use more electricity in winter at night only lead to the use of coal and gas because renewable are intermittent . 
  there is currently a lot of work going into making energy storage efficient . 
  one promising thing that i heard about recently was about storing the excess energy chemically in methane ( i think ) , which can be used in the existing gas networks and can be burnt whenever solar and wind energy run low . 
  gas is perfect for that because the power output can be adjusted very quickly . 
  i 'm not an expert at all though , it just sounded very logical to me . 
  i 'm also wondering if germany actually uses a lot more electricity in winter than in summer . 
  electric heating is very rare , while air conditioning is always electric . 
  if you have numbers , i 'd be interested . 
  i think it 's the same word , actually . 
  not sure and i do n't have it right here . 
  but modern gnome does n't have a classical desktop containing files , so it might be less of an issue . 
   in any case it will hopefully be irrelevant relatively soon as nuclear fusion will hopefully come about . 
  it 's not `` relatively soon '' , it will still take a while . 
  plasma can be quite complicated . 
  but [ wendelstein 7-x ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wendelstein_7-x ) gives me at least some hope . 
  i do n't think a lot of people in germany would be opposed to fusion , but it will take at least a few more decades to get there . 
   germany ca n't be fuelled by coal forever , so that will eventually have to be replaced by another source , whether it 's nuclear or renewable . 
  the current plan ( more or less ) is replacing nuclear energy by renewables and keeping fossils steady , and then replacing the fossils after the nuclear plants are shut down . 
  since the whole process of shutting down nuclear power started in the late 90s , it has worked out that way , more or less . 
   thanks to using renewable germany emit 5 times more co2 than france per kwh , and only in winter . 
  note that france has a much larger energy consumption than germany . 
  according to your link , france consumes 79gw in total , germany only 50gw . 
  so per capita it 's 610w in germany and almost 1200w in france . 
  so if you go per capita , your 5 shrinks to a 2.5 . 
  it does n't completely though : the french consumption is only so high , because in france most heating is done via electricity , while in germany that 's pretty rare . 
  however , a lot of the heating in germany is done burning either renewable ( wood ) or non-renewable ( oil , coal , gas ) things . 
  overall , by the numbers i 've found ( https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/167877/umfrage/co-emissionen-nach-laendern-je-einwohner/ ) , per capita it 's on average a little over 2 times more for germany than for france . 
  there 's a lot to be improved , both in terms of heating and in terms of electricity ( and we should really eat a lot less animal products , those are a large factor ) , but picking relatively irrelevant numbers to make a point just does n't help anyone . 
  depends . 
  microsoft has ( at least in the past ) incorporated quite a few english words , while apple and free desktops like gnome or kde tend to translate more . 
  this ( and the added translation step in general ) lead to different terms for the same thing , which can be annoying . 
  never had non soft ones . 
  except those little ones , but i never considered those to be actual pretzels , but rather pretzel shaped * salzstangen * . 
  i know regular sized crispy ones exist too , i just never had them . 
   ( closing the nuclear plants ) her predecessor closed the nuclear plants ( or rather , set dates for them to close ) . 
  merkel changed that whole thing to keep them open longer or indefinitely . 
  after fukushima she basically went back to the previous plan ( less thought through than the previous adinistration , so now electricity companies sue the government ) . 
  i do n't understand why she gets credit for that . 
   are some things in your country a universal idea that is apart of your identity that would be viewed as unpatriotic to renounce ? 
  this may sound contradictory , but too much patriotism will be considered `` unpatriotic '' . 
  it 's ok to cheer for sports teams , but on most other occasions things like flag waving or announcing how proud you are to be german will make you look childish at best . 
  you have to differentiate between actual imperial units and local pre-metric ones . 
  the only actual imperial unit you will come across is the inch ( german : zoll ) . 
  it 's used for various technology related things like the sizes of screens , bicycle wheels , hard disks for computers , and vinyl records . 
  the pre-metric units were a little different in different cities or principalities before introduction of the metric system , so they are never used to mean an exact value . 
  they are however used in certain phrases . 
  the only two clearly defined ones are based on the metric system : a pound ( pfund ) is exactly 500g , and a hundredweight ( zentner ) is exactly 50kg . 
  those were defined in the 19th century to ease trade and customs within germany . 
  depending on the region , it may still be very common to use pounds that way , but note that they are not the same as pounds in america . 
  another unit in usage is ma\u00df for beer , but that was standardized to exactly one liter ( used to be slightly more ) , so it 's not usually thought of as a traditional measurement anymore . 
  some common usage of old units in fixed expressions includes zollstock ( inch stick ) for ruler ( no , it usually wo n't have inches on it ) , meilenweit ( miles long/far , as in `` it 's miles away '' ; note that a mile was usually about 7km in germany , so much longer than in the us ) , ellenlang ( ells long ) . 
  while not strictly a different writing system , fraktur had some specific rules to it and was mixed with `` standard '' latin fonts , so german words were usually kept in fraktur while latin , french and other foreign words were usually written in latin fonts . 
  german reporting in . 
  i do n't own a car , but i live in a city , so i use my bike or public transportation to get around . 
  i walk to supermarkets and things like pharmacies , doctors , etc. 
  when i travel with my family , we take the train . 
  however , if i would move to a more rural area , i would probably be forced to get a car , public transportation is n't great there , and while most things can be done by bike , some things ca n't . 
  hitchhiking in germany is somewhat common ( i used to do it and lots of my friends , but probably  90 % of the people our age would n't ) . 
  the trick is to go from one autobahn gas station to another one . 
  you 'll need a map that has them . 
  you have time to talk to the drivers that way , and there are lots of them . 
  other places than autobahn gas stations work as well but it may be harder . 
  france is as easy as germany with that strategy , although in germany the gas stations seem to be stretched out more and are thus busier , which is good for you . 
  i had no luck at all in spain . 
  it varies a lot , since education is explicitly not something the federal government can do , so basically you have 16 different systems which are similar in some respects but different in others . 
  the `` classical '' system is that after four years of primary school , you can choose between hauptschule ( 5 years ) , which is pretty practical and means you can start learning a specific trade or craft early on , realschule ( 6 years ) , which is a little more theoretical and was supposed to prepare you mostly for office jobs and the like , and gymnasium ( 8 or 9 years ) , which was supposed to prepare you for higher education in university . 
  but in most states ( especially in the cities and notably less in bavaria ) the hauptschule ( which was by intention and by name the `` main school '' ) turned more into a place where mostly the unteachable kids would end up , and nowadays many , if not most , kids go to gymnasium . 
  for some reason it seems to work better in bavaria . 
  they extended the hauptschule so their diploma is now basically the same as the realschule one ( just with a different focus , but not `` lesser '' ) , and made it relatively easy to get the abitur ( basically gymnasium diploma , needed to go to university ) on the secondary way , after learning a trade , or going to some other school after haupt - / realschule . 
  at least in gymnasium and realschule , there are more choices you can do during your school time , for example i had the choice between french and latin as a 2nd foreign language , and a choice between a math/science track and an economics track . 
  but those things vary by school , even within the same state . 
  makedonien for the province of greece , mazedonien for the country . 
  sure , but they did n't force people to speak a different language and they did n't throw people out of the country for not speaking the right one . 
   do n't say `` wroc\u0142aw '' or `` gda\u0144sk '' if the rest of your sentence is in german . 
  believe me , i could n't even if i tried . 
  and i do n't think `` frotzwaff '' could in any way sound less offensive to you guys than breslau . 
  honestly i do n't think they mind . 
  it was all part of the hre anyway and there was no notion of a `` german nation '' in those days anyway . 
  people spoke the languages they spoke , rulers ruled the areas they ruled , there was no connection between the two . 
  honestly i think that 's a lot better than having all the nation state identity bullshit that the last few centuries brought . 
  other than most of europe , belgium is doing it the right way . 
  keep up the good work , belgium !, 
  ( switzerland too ), 
  almost the same here . 
  forgot most though and would like to relearn . 
  yes , the radical left is mostly against religion and against capitalism . 
  that does n't mean that religious people ( christians , muslims , etc. ), 
  are for capitalism . 
   suspicion of large central governments , nationalism pick one . 
  no , that 's not true .
