  if you 're talking of libertarian socialism , there are grassroots movements everywhere , but not many large organizations . 
  i guess the anarcho-syndicalist unions in spain would be the largest ones . 
  no , germany is not very religious . 
  but the largest ruling party , the conservative cdu ( angela merkel 's party ) is against gay marriage , probably mostly to pander to grumpy old people and to not piss of the few very religious voters . 
  i 'm pretty sure a majority of the population would be in favor of marriage equality , but to most of them , the issue is not important enough to make it a deal breaker in elections . 
  and since many people in germany are generally conservative , many will vote cdu/csu nevertheless . 
  but generally there wo n't be a lot of talk about religion in the political discourse , and those opposed to gay marriage wo n't bring in religion to justify their viewpoint . 
  but that one does n't depend on which state . 
  in all of them , both the catholic and the protestant churches have privileges , like receiving church taxes and other funding . 
  bavaria is not a good example for a state tied to a specific church , as it has both catholic and protestant areas . 
  also , i have n't witnessed the kind of exclusion of atheists that you mention when growing up in rural bavaria . 
  the only thing that i can think of is that working in a kindergarten or hospital or other social institutions may be difficult for ex-catholics ( and possibly unmarried parents ) because most of them are run by the church and they have special `` rights '' to discriminate against their employees more than other bosses . 
  pretty sure it will go up again though . 
  with the rise of the afd , both their supporters and their opponents will have an extra reason to vote . 
  i do n't particularly like any of the parties , but i want afd to get as low a percentage as possible , so i will definitely vote for one of the other relevant parties . 
  otherwise i would have just not voted or voted `` die partei '' instead . 
  well , his party does n't really have an open process about choosing their candidate , and the party leader ( gabriel ) might want to do it instead , but he 's less popular than schulz . 
  and even then , a left coalition would n't have a majority in current polls . 
  and both his party and the greens would be open to forming a coalition with merkel 's conservatives instead , which means merkel would become chancellor again . 
  so it 's a long shot . 
  a satire of the_donald . 
  it 's funny because in many ways he 's the opposite of trump . 
  moderate left instead of radical right . 
  for a strong and democratic eu instead of authoritarian nationalism . 
  if he would become chancellor , it would be in a broad left coalition , the nightmare of trump fans who think already ( conservative ) merkel is too leftist . 
  he would stand for a very pro-european policy , which means also supporting the weaker economies in the eu , unlike merkel and sch\u00e4uble . 
  the sub is semi-satirical , because while all the memes are just a parody , many people in the sub would prefer schulz to merkel or gabriel . 
  go to bavaria and learn !, 
  in bavaria `` prussian pig '' is basically the go to swearword for anybody from anywhere roughly north of bavaria and basically most other places in the world . 
  well , let him rotate !, 
  an absolutist monarchy is a dictatorship . 
  a monarchy ca n't be a republic , a dictatorship ca n't be a democracy . 
  these two opposite pairs are independent of each other . 
   again with this accent thing - the word should be reserved for people speaking a non-native language only . 
  why ? 
  for german i find it very important to be able to differentiate between a dialect ( different words , grammar , pronunciation ) and a regional accent ( standard german , like written , but the way certain letters are pronounced make it possible to pinpoint the speaker 's origin ) . 
  if you look at the second one , that actually applies to people with a different native language , too . 
  same with my southern german accent . 
  very mixed feelings . 
  nothing that happened in europe after napoleon can be understood without him . 
  he basically destroyed the hre with its complex balance of power . 
  without him there could n't have been german nationalism , or at least not the same kind , with the constant cry for a strong , big , unified ( napoleon style ) empire . 
  of course that grew out of the fight * against * napoleon , but he still inspired them . 
  the end of the old empire also meant the end of most city republics ( bad ) and the end of the church directly ruling over many areas ( good ) . 
   1 ) meaning the most traditional culture of a region . 
  local dialect , local costume , local holidays , etc. 
  so outside of major cities , basically 90 % of the population . 
  i do n't see why you would need a special protection for the majority though . 
  what would go along with that idea , and what i would support , is giving communities and regions more power over local laws , especially about everything that touches culture . 
  and putting more emphasis on * local * integration in integration programs . 
   2 ) not pro-dictatorship , pro-monarchy ( where one exists ) and pro-whatever hk and china have ( where there 's no monarchist tradition ) . 
  rule by the elites with democratic input . 
  eh , that is basically a dictatorship . 
  not a totalitarian one , but still a dictatorship . 
  nobody wants that . 
  but when i thought about it , there are certain bounds to democracy in european countries . 
  the german constitution was arguably more democratic in the interwar period than today , which allowed antidemocrats to get to power and use the democratic institutions to abolish democracy . 
  that would n't be possible in modern germany . 
  there would be no way other than revolution to get rid of human rights for example . 
  and most importantly , making all kinds of deceleration device illegal . 
  1 ) i do n't even understand what you mean . 
  or rather , i understand multiple , mutually exclusive things . 
  the way you differentiate between `` indigenous '' and other people makes no sense whatsoever in europe . 
  do n't assume things to be like in the us everywhere . 
  2 ) against `` unrestricted democracy '' as in pro dictatorship ? 
  just no . 
  you 'd possibly be popular with right wing extremists , fascists , racists , but i 'm not sure as i try to avoid that kind of people . 
  3.1 ) no major party would say anything like that . 
  i 'm an anarchist , so i 'd say there is no legitimate government , but the american one is certainly not `` less legitimate '' than any other . 
  that whole idea of legitimacy is kind of pointless anyway , they 're there . 
  when there 's a strong movement against them , they 'll leave . 
  3.2 ) yeah , some politicians have proposed higher tariffs on us products if the us were to drop out of the paris agreement . 
  generally from rather the left half of the spectrum . 
  about the nukes : people would stop talking to you and rightfully so . 
  you 're obviously more similar to trump than you would like to admit . 
  4 ) sounds more or less reasonable , but also pretty empty . 
  across the board people would agree , until you start discussing what should be considered `` decent and dignified '' . 
  i wish you a pleasent trip . 
  travelling can help broadening your view of the world , if you let it happen . 
  you seem to badly be in need of that . 
  haha , i love berlin , but it 's neither charming nor beautiful . 
  i think that depends a lot on who 's in charge in the respective countries . 
  i would assume that conservative governments may be opposed , while socialists or liberals would probably not care . 
  very possible . 
  grew up in one . 
  advice for anyone learning german : * be sure you can differentiate the vowels . 
  if you have problems with the \u00f6 , use e / \u00e4 instead , if you have problems with \u00fc , use i. 
  do n't ever use o for \u00f6 or u for \u00fc , otherwise you will likely say something different from what you intended to say . 
  * do n't hold youself up even for a second with r. say any r form any language and you will be understood . 
  if you have trouble with ch , say something similar ( sch or ck or just make some choking sound ) , it 's ok . * look at a pronunciation table at least once . 
  v , z , w , ei , ie , eu , ( in the beginning of a syllable sp , st ) are n't hard to pronounce , but different from english . 
  * if you decide to learn about grammar , cases  word order  genders . 
  * when people respond to you in english , just keep speaking german . 
  there are a few for christmas season : * adventskranz ( advent wreath ) : the last four sundays before christmas , for each one , one more candle is lit than the week before . 
  * adventskalender ( advent calendar ) : every day in december until christmas , you open one door or package , and you get a little picture or chocolate or a present . 
  * nikolaustag ( st. nicholas ' day ) : in the night before the 6th of december , children put one of their boots out and st. nicholas fills it with nuts , fruit , a chocolate nicholas , etc. 
  he may also come by with a golden book and read to the children how they were naughty or nice . 
  with him , he has his companion ruprecht , who is strict and kind of scary but nice , or krampus ( very regional in the very south ) , a devil/demon/monster . 
  both of them punish naughty children by threatening to beat them up or chain them up and take them away , while nicholas gives presents to nice ones . 
  * weihnachtsmarkt ( christmas market ) : a market with many stands that either sell nice hand-crafted christmas decoration and gifts , or food and drink , especially gl\u00fchwein ( mulled wine ) * krippe ( nativity scene ) : many people put one up , including lots of sheep and shepherds and stuff .
