   it was the nazi era the one that contrubuted the most to homogeneize the different cultures and regional identities coexisting under the recent german state . 
  the nazis a little , having to deal with that part of our common history probably more . 
  but there is no homogeneous identity , so if that is what the nazis tried to create , they failed . 
   that is why i never saw the germans as a real , spontaneous nation with a common history and a common past . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` spontaneous '' here , but nothing about germany is spontaneous . 
  the connection to modern germany is though . 
  there was a german map with the english name ? 
  one major point is ethnicity vs. nationality . 
  in america , it 's pretty much assumed that everybody is an american citizen , so terms like german , italian , irish , etc. 
  are mainly used for ethnicity . 
  this is not the case in europe ; being german usually means ( possibly among other things ) being a citizen of the germany . 
  just imagine someone telling you they 're truly an american , but they do n't have citizenship and have never been to the us . 
  bonus points if they do n't speak english or if they have a huge accent . 
  it probably just would n't make sense to you , just as those `` german '' americans do n't make sense to us . 
  but even if we ignore formal nationality , the definition of what being german is about has changed over time . 
  as you probably know , ethnicity is n't uniformly defined , different ethnic groups may have different ideas what belonging to their group is about . 
  for germans , the defining trait was the language . 
  we do n't really have one common ancestry , for example . 
  the names of german states or areas or dialects go back to several germanic tribes that have existed separately since the times of the oldest written records , about 2000 years ago . 
  they all mixed with each other and with basically all other european groups that come through here or are nearby : celts , slavs , romans , etc. 
  the one unifying thing was that all germans spoke more or less similar dialects and could thus communicate with each other ( if the others were n't from too far away where the dialect/language was too different ) . 
  `` deutsch '' is the original term , the name of the language , `` deutschland '' originally stood for all areas where that language was spoken . 
  the identity came a lot later , through the common language . 
  there were some attempts to basically make up ( against all historical evidence ) a `` common heritage '' in the 19th century found its way into the mainstream and became the official doctrine under the nazis . 
  their idea was that german was n't something you could be just by speaking german and being part of german society , instead you had to have `` german blood '' , german ancestry . 
  while of course the modern definition of being german is n't just language anymore ( e.g. 
  austrians or swiss are n't germans ) , most people certainly do n't want to bring back the nazi definition . 
  americans talking about their heritage often sound a lot like that though ; `` being '' 75 % german sounds an awful lot like having 75 % german blood . 
  i mean , honestly , imagine one of those `` 100 % german '' americans who has never been to germany and does n't speak german without an american accent meeting a german citizen who has lived in germany for his whole life and might even be a [ major political figure in germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cem_%c3%96zdemir ) but all of whose parents or grandparents came from turkey . 
  if the american is 100 % german , you 'd have to call the german guy 0 % german . 
  now tell me how that 's not completely absurd and racist . 
  i think the general feeling is that someone who speaks german natively ( or so well that it 's indistinguishable from native german ) and does n't experience culture shock in germany ( except for a few local things maybe , we 're still very heterogeneous ) , they are considered fully german . 
  a major ( and probably the most difficult to understand ) part of modern german identity is the way ww2 and the nazi era is handled , and how nationalism and patriotism are very complex and nuanced subjects here . 
  pretty sure about 95 % of `` proud german americans '' would simply make a fool of themselves within the first 5 minutes of talking about the subject in germany and just be confused why nothing people say makes any sense to them . 
  sorry , not german at all . 
  edit : to clarify , i do n't have a problem with americans being proud of their german ancestors , of with people calling themselves german-american for that reason . 
  or even just german , when it 's in a clearly inner-american context ( which most websites are not , btw . ), 
  but when they assume that has anything to do with modern germany or modern germans or what being german is about in germany or any other place outside the us , they are just being ridiculous . 
  no , they just think it should be . 
  more or less . 
  oh , there are many rather mediterranean looking germans and they have always been there , especially in the south , e.g. 
  in bavaria . 
  really , like most of europe ( possibility more than average though ) we 're mostly a genetic mixture of germanics , celts , slavs , romans , and probably many more groups . 
  it does n't make sense to define germans racially . 
  there is a ( more or less ) common language , which historically defined what `` deutsch '' means . 
  it 's literally the name of the language and originally meant `` of the people '' , in contrast with latin . 
  of course there is some more culture , usually overlapping with other neighbouring areas and not uniform within germany . 
  but all of that has changed over time , will change in the future , and will be able to assimilate newcomers , just as it has been for centuries . 
  so basically , an ethnic german would be anybody who speaks german natively and can get around in germany without experiencing culture shock too often . 
  this applies to 2nd generation immigrants just as well as to someone whose ancestors have lived here and spoken german for a thousand years . 
   how is it in europe ? 
  for example , if a german or a frenchman hinted that , ethnic germans/french will be ethnic minorities in the future with the current birth rates and immigration , would he be seen as a mass murdering evil nazi too ? 
  the traditional definition of an ethnic german would be `` someone who speaks german natively '' . 
  there is n't really a common ancestry , we 're pretty much a mixture of whoever passed through or permanently moved here in the last ~ 1000 years ( or more ) . 
  that pretty much applies for all 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants as well , so i do n't see how they 're not ethnic germans . 
  centuries over centuries of experience show that it also does n't take that long for immigrant groups to assimilate . 
  few generations , at most . 
  so if somebody talks of `` racially pure '' germans , of course i think they 're a nazi or other racist because it 's a fairy tale the nazis made up . 
  nazis abolished it , for being provincial and/or `` jewish '' . 
  after wwii it was considered too nationalistic though , so nobody brought it back . 
  makes me sad because i quite like it . 
   nobody talks about how many ethnic germans are there in germany , nobody can talk about how many non-germans are there in germany without being labeled as a racist . 
  honest question : how would you define an ethnic german ? 
  i ca n't come up with anything that would make sense . 
  yeah , i would like that in germany , too . 
  of course , actual social equality would be even better than just a symbolic shift , but it 'd be a start . 
  a stronger ep would be good , maybe a more democratic way to set up the commission . 
  we already have a bicameral legislation , consisting of the council of ministers and the ep . 
  i do n't see why we would need a third one . 
  well , you confused him , so that 's a success . 
  and yes , wunderbar is common , though it has quite a few synonyms : wundervoll , fabelhaft , ausgezeichnet , exzellent , super , klasse , spitze , ... 
  it hardly ever happens to me . 
  and when it does , i am just very confused and may say whatever words come to my mind that do n't really make sense in the situation . 
  then the other person is confused , too , and we 're back to silence . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  basically every dialect speaker can speak proper standard german , at least after being outside of their region for more than about one month . 
  that month is n't language learning but just figuring out which of the colloquialisms they are used to are known outside of their region and which stem from their dialect and should thus be avoided in the new place . 
  they may still have an accent , but everybody will understand them and nobody will think they 're not a native speaker . 
  their standard german accent usually converges towards what most people around them speak over time , so after a while , you will probably not hear where they 're from anymore . 
  now , all of that does n't have anything to do with the way they would talk to their family or when they go back to their home town . 
  i had a guy in a chinese language course in my german university , german name , no accent speaking german . 
  when we learned how to say our nationality ( weirdly early on ) , my teacher was quite surprised when he said italian . 
  - really ? 
  you 're italian ? 
  great !, 
  so you speak italian ? 
  - yeah , but not that well . 
  learned some in school . 
  - * ( really confused look ) *, 
  but would n't these things be addressed better by enforcement of secret elections ? 
  i mean , you can pay me to vote for you and i will promise , but nobody will be able to check if i did n't vote for your opponent instead if the elections are secret . 
  yes . 
  if you can vote when you are a teen , you will probably be more interested in what happens on the political sphere . 
  and it teaches a lot about democracy to children if they can participate as equals . 
  rheinland-pfalz seems to have something to hide ... 
  i 'm actually for being allowed to vote from birth on ( well obviously you would n't be able to yet , but you 'd be allowed to ) . 
  of course knowing the basics of the political system should be a part of general education ( probably even more than today ) , but testing it before elections would undermine democracy . 
  i would personally consider myself as a libertarian communist  thankfully , unlike in the us , the right-wingers have n't completely succeeded in stealing the term from us . 
  libertarianism has always been a branch of socialism and fiercely opposed to capitalism , but also against authoritarian versions of socialism , like leninism or social-democrats . 
  if you mean the current american usage of the term , the closest equivalent we have here are liberals ( which means a different thing than in the us as well ) .
