  this can lead , and has often lead , to a authoritarian system . 
  in a parliamentary system , while formally the parliament has a lot of power , in practice it is split between the coalition and the opposition , and votes are often decided not by issues , but by party affiliation . 
  so really , mps do n't have the freedom to vote as they want , since they always have to keep their party and government interest in mind , much more so than in a presidential system . 
  in the swiss system , the legislature is independent of the executive , so mps can vote more freely on individual issues . 
  however , at the same time , the government is n't lead by just the interests of one person or one party , so i do n't see that turning into a dictatorship easily . 
  the eu also has a similar system , with the commission being independent of the parliament . 
  the danger i 'd see here is that it becomes `` boring '' and voters do n't really realistically have the power to vote the government out , so it might feel more technocratic than democratic ( like people feel about the eu ) . 
  however , in switzerland ( i think , i 'm just an outsider ) it is `` spiced up '' by direct democracy , so the really emotional decisions and votes with a clear split in the electorate are about issues rather than people . 
  i like that . 
  i 'd like some german states to try it . 
  no , our miles were about 7km ( depending on state ) , so too much to round it to 1km but too little to round it to 10km . 
  so you just have to say all the syllables , there 's no way around it . 
   but having a region being mainly athiest suprises me , i do n't think you would see that in the us ( even though there are a huge amount of non religious people in america ) . 
  it 's not so much the region , it 's the political system in the region . 
  for forty years , one main theme education and basically the whole state were built upon was that religion is outdated and obsolete . 
  i would n't say religion was suppressed in east germany , actually churches were basically the place where the most free speech was possible , and so many non-religious alternative movements , like the ecology movement and the pro-democracy movement , organized within the church . 
  but from the `` official '' side , from the government , school , etc. , religion was looked down upon . 
   it also is interesting that the east is so athiest , because is n't that where merkel is from ? 
  and she is in the christian democratic union :p yes , she was a pastor 's daughter and therefore grew up in a religious environment . 
  though i do n't think she 's that deeply religious . 
  the `` christian '' part of cdu is really mostly there for historical reasons , there are atheists and muslims and jews in cdu as well , it 's not primarily a religious party . 
  for example , one of the consistently `` black states '' ( cdu 's color is black ) is saxony in former east germany , for example , where most people are atheists . 
  another thing i should mention about those colors : what they count are registered church members ( you have to register with the state as catholic , protestant , or neither of those , long story ) , not actual religious people . 
  religious muslims fall in the blue category , while `` cultural christians '' , who do n't really believe in it but see it as part of their culture , fall into the yellow and purple categories . 
  personally , i grew up in a `` very catholic '' and conservative area , but except for my grandparents ' generation , i rarely met anyone who really took it seriously , i 'd say most young `` catholics '' did n't actually believe in god , much less show up in church outside of christmas and easter . 
  no , not really . 
  there is a square in berlin called `` square of the republic '' and one called `` federal square '' , which come close , but both do n't have `` germany '' in it . 
  berlin has several streets named after berlin , but that 's basically because many parts of berlin used to be independent cities which had a street ( the one leading to berlin ) which was called `` berlin street '' or something similar . 
  but to hijack this a little , lots of streets or squares in berlin are named after towns and cities in all of europe , which generally are in about the same direction as the street is , as seen from the city center . 
  so places in northern berlin are often called after places in scandinavia , in north eastern berlin it 's places around the baltic sea , in southern berlin quite a few streets are named after places in austria , etc. 
  it does n't work 100 % of the time , but quite often , and is pretty neat imho . 
  ok , i 'll start with a few things that come to mind , maybe some other germans can add more . 
  one thing that has to be kept in mind is that germany was never a centralist country like the rest of europe is , except under the nazis ( which was just 12 years ) and east germany ( which was only a part of the country ) . 
  * religion : in general , former east germany is atheist , the rest is a patchwork of catholic and protestant , with the latter being more common in the northern and central parts , and the former more common in the southern and western parts . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/konfessionen_deutschland_zensus_2011.png ) 's a map ( yellow is catholic , purple is protestant , blue is `` neither '' ) . 
  the catholic/protestant split mostly stems from the [ 1600s ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0f/holyromanempire_1618.png ) ( orange is protestant , blue and orange with blue horizontal stripes is catholic ) , when religion was a `` states right '' , and so the local ruler could decide what religion his subjects should practice . 
  * alcohol : i 'm going to ignore very local things here , but the general trend is that in northern and central germany , pilsener is the most common beer , while in southern germany , it 's wheat beer and helles . 
  in eastern germany , dark beer is also big . 
  in areas where wine is grown ( mostly in the south-west ) , wine is just as important or more important than beer , especially in rheinland-pfalz . 
  in some areas ( like around frankfurt ) , apple wine is big , too . 
  as for spirits , in the north grain spirits dominate , while the south goes for fruit spirits . 
  * as for food , in the north , plain cooked potatoes are an extremely common side dish , while in the south lots of regional variations of pasta/noodles ( do n't know which english word fits best here ) are preferred . 
  potato dumplings are common in southern and central germany , too . 
  bread is mostly rye bread everywhere , but the style is different . 
  in the south , there are usually spices involved , in the north not so much . 
  in the south west , spelt is a very common grain , too , while everywhere else , it 's sort of a healthy/organic/hipster thing . 
  some vegetables are also very regional , in northern germany kale is a huge thing while it is almost unknown in the south ( the climate is different , so it 's easier to grow in the north ) . 
  * there are two different gift bringers for christmas eve : weihnachtsmann ( christmas man ) , who basically looks like santa claus , and christkind ( christ child ) , an angel/child who is originally supposed to be baby jesus but is often depicted as female . 
  originally , christkind was introduced by luther to replace st. nicholas bringing presents on st. nicholas day ( 6th december ) , because he wanted to move away from worshiping saints , back to jesus . 
  however , in my experience , nowadays christkind is actually more common in catholic areas , in addition to st. nicholas , who still brings some small presents on 6th december ( mostly nuts and fruit , but also chocolate and sometimes a toy ) , while protestants prefer weihnachtsmann , who looks similar to st. nicholas ( just not as bishop-y ) but comes on christmas eve . 
  in the areas where st. nicholas is common , he has a helper ( knecht ruprecht ) who looks like hagrid from harry potter and beats or threatens to beat children who did n't behave . 
  in the very south ( but more so in austria ) , there 's also krampus , a goat-demon-monster ( or multiple of them ) , who chains up and kidnaps children if they did n't behave or if he feels like it . 
  [ here 's the three of them ] ( http://www.tegernseerstimme.de/files/2014/12/nikolaus_krampus_kreuth.jpg ), 
  that 's just half of the story though . 
  the `` standard pronunciation '' of german , especially in germany , is very much based on northern accents . 
  probably because in those areas people had to learn high german more intensively than in middle and southern parts of the german language area . 
  also , standard german stems mostly from middle german dialects , not southern ones . 
  there was a little bit of competition between them , with a southern '' [ standard ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/oberdeutsche_schreibsprache ) '' spelling , too , but in the end , the middle german version won . 
  you still notice that when you listen to dialects : saxon sounds ( almost ) like standard german with a funny pronunciation , swabian pretty much has its own grammar that is n't more or less sophisticated than the standard german one , but different . 
  swabian also has a lot more different vowels and diphthongs that go back to different sounds in middle high german but were merged in standard german , as well as many middle and northern german dialects . 
  to me the weird part about the second one is the huge graffiti by one united power ( 1up ) from berlin . 
  they 're everywhere here but i would n't have expected them in finland . 
   btw are they really more religious than the us ? 
  i think it also depends on what kind of religion . 
  the us is mostly ( all sorts of ) protestant , latin america is mostly catholic . 
  i ca n't put it into a single word , but there is a cultural difference between those religions , in germany it aligns pretty much with the respective regional cultural differences . 
  for example , carnival is celebrated mostly in southern and western parts of germany , and that 's pretty much a celebration of breaking all of the usual social rules ( including rules about sexuality ) . 
  at the same time , those catholic areas are generally more conservative . 
  no , it 's not a condiment , it 's basically a vegetable . 
  it 's commonly served as a side with meat , but there are also other dishes , for example with various kinds of german pasta . 
  ah , yeah , forgot about those . 
  the trick is to not put any money on the plate . 
  i have n't seen that . 
  usually they only charge non-customers . 
  to answer your main question : [ here you go ] ( https://www.bahn.com/en/view/index.shtml ) . 
  just as an explanation : it says 1 % for master 's degrees , however that 's only because the title is relatively recent , and diplom ( 12,7 % ) is the old equivalent . 
  of course the 1.1 % who have a phd ( promotion ) have to be included as well , so it 's about 14.8 % . 
  nah ... the cdu is a classic conservative party , meaning they step on the break as much as they can , and only changing something when it 's absolutely necessary . 
  that 's the perfect party for people who are afraid of change and cling to the `` old days '' but do n't actually fall for weird conspiracy theories like the afd base does . 
  for younger germans , the cdu is often annoying because they slow things down , but on many issues , the general direction where they 're going is n't so much different from other parties ( and from what young people want \u2122 ) they 're just very reluctant to go that way . 
  the [ trick ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_convention_ ( germany \\ ) ) is not having a real election . 
  it is celebrated in berlin , it 's actually also called `` f\u00eate de la musique '' here . 
  i had a lot of stuff to do today , and tbh i totally forgot that it was today , but i went a few years ago and it was pretty cool . 
   or `` german-americans '' voting for afd because germans are cucks or some shit . 
  do n't worry , to be able to vote you generally need to have been a permanent resident within the last five years . 
  so they 'd actually have to move to cuckistan for a few months , which none of them will do . 
  if you 're high up you can see them from [ ulm ] ( http://www.klausrohwer.de/kunst/bilder/sonstige_d/muenster_vor_alpen.jpg ) . 
  the church tower ( world 's highest ) is quite famous for that , although it 's really just possible when the weather is perfect . 
  obviously they used a zoom lens in the photo , the alps are far away ( ~ 100km ? ), 
  and do n't look that huge . 
   is there anyone here who can help us understand why people of specific backgrounds gravitate to some highly specific tourists jobs and not others ? 
  and why there really is n't much overlap , even between cities and countries ? 
  not an expert , but all of those things are probably not entirely legal businesses . 
  one thing that happens is that new immigrants ( possibly illegal without a working permit ) will tend to stick to their countrymen , because they speak the same language , or because they know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who can give them work , etc. 
  it 's tougher to start something on your own without a few friends in your back , especially if you ca n't really turn to the police if your competitors do n't play by the rules , so it 's simply easier to just stick to the thing their countrymen and friends are also doing . 
  i think the eu should have their own immigration system , yes . 
  foreigners who are accepted should be free to move all over the eu . 
  i do n't think such a system could replace the country wide immigration systems completely , the policies and preferences are just too different . 
  but with a eu wide system that starts with a relatively small number and is extended step by step , the national programs could become obsolete after a decade or two . 
  germany never had the english/american measuring system .
