  all little wooden figures . 
  * heiligabend ( christmas eve ) : the main celebration , in the evening the christmas tree is lit and presents are put around it when the children are out of the room , either by christkind ( basically baby jesus , practically an angel child ) or weihnachtsmann ( like santa claus , but unlike nikolaus on nikolaustag he is never pictured as a bishop ) . 
  the 25th and 26th are also holidays and are basically for eating and relaxing . 
  one nice tradition is christbaumloben ( praising christmas trees ) , where you visit other people and praise their tree , how beautiful it looks , and then getting some hard alcohol from them . 
  * dreik\u00f6nigstag ( three kings ' day ) : on january 6th , children dressed as the three kings ( often including blackfacing ) go from door to door to sing songs and collect candy and money . 
  they can keep the candy , but the money mostly goes to the church , who use it for charitable purposes ( or so they say ) . 
  that 's the end of christmas season here . 
   gl\u00fchwein in the west of france . 
  do n't you mean the east ? 
  while not being completely legal , it 's pretty much tolerated in nl . 
  eu countries are discussing legalization , too , and i have never heard that it would be problematic with regards to eu regulations . 
  but then again , yeah , maybe your neighbors would n't like open borders with legal pot on the other side . 
  but i do n't think it would be an `` official '' problem . 
  i 'm not self-hating because i do n't hate myself . 
  i am not personally a member of the german government that has too much influence in the eu ( and who i think does n't necesserily act in my best interest only because of their nationality ) , and seriously , considering german nationalism an ideology that at least * mostly * did n't bring much good , neither for germans nor for anyone else , is not so far-fetched . 
  now , as for german culture , language , etc. , i 'm quite sure that the influence ( which i do n't consider harmful ) would not be smaller than today , but it would be for more pluralistic than currently , which i think would be another advantage . 
  the example with russia is quite interesting , because actually a lot of people in the soviet union wanted it to break up in the end . 
  it was based on a failed ideology , and so is germany imho . 
  now , i do n't think it 's terrible the way it is now , i just think it would be even better to have a few separate states instead . 
  hey germany , we have this area ... it used to be yours !, 
  yeah , it 's kind of far away from you now , and nobody there speaks german , and it would also scare the shit out of poland . 
  so you interested , germany ? 
  germany ?!, 
  where have you gone ? 
  i 'll keep it short : * germany is based on the ideology of german nationalism which is a particularly bad kind of nationalism , and * the future is the eu , and i think germany has too much power in it . 
  having eight countries of ten million would be better for the eu than one country of eighty million . 
  hre was n't germany though . 
  or a country . 
  or a confederation . 
  it was its on thing . 
  been there , done that . 
  did n't end well , neither for us nor for our neighbors . 
  would n't advise . 
  lpt : when you meet with belgium , let belgium bring the beer . 
  no , just in the case of germany , and i would like the individual states to be more federal internally . 
  i 'm also in favor of a federated eu . 
  unified germany . 
  should n't have been done in the 19th century in the first place . 
  modern germany consists of 16 countries , most of which could as well simply directly become eu members and maybe cooperate a little in some areas that are n't ( yet ) provided by the eu . 
  the whole thing with german speaking belgium makes me love the country even though i 've never been there . 
  i mean , what other country does that :  germany , you attacked us for no reason and destroyed large parts of our country , so as a punishment , we 'll annex a really really tiny part of your county and instead of making that population speak one of our two languages for government business , we 'll make german our third official language !, 
  haha , that 'll show you !, 
  does disneyland count ? 
  i think a major problem is that nobody says what `` federalized '' would mean in this context . 
  from a german perspective it 's pretty clear that it does n't mean ceasing to exist or becoming a mere `` province '' of a `` superstate '' . 
  but many countries in europe are not federations but centralized states , so people in those countries might not even realize ( at least in their gut feeling ) that other models exist . 
  when people say * federalize * , what do they even mean ? 
  common foreign relations ? 
  common military ? 
  some taxes on the eu level ? 
  it 's never really clear . 
   when federalising the eu , we could break down the countries into already existing regions and give those more powers to the communities . 
  that 's not how a federal system works though . 
  in germany , the federal government bodies have no say at all in affairs like reorganizing the member countries of germany . 
  the individual countries inside germany can choose to cooperate , to split up , to merge , to shift their border ( though these things have to be accepted by a vote of the local population ) . 
  it 's important to realize that countries do n't stop being separate countries when they federalize , they just become countries inside a larger country . 
  while i would n't be opposed to breaking up germany into a few smaller countries inside a federalized eu , i would be opposed to an eu with the power to do that . 
  in germany , it is very common for politicians to have a local accent , like most people . 
  in the media , especially for newscasters , narrators , etc. , there is a certain pronunciation . 
  anyone who has to be hired for speaking will be able to talk that way . 
  note that this does n't apply to politicians , as they are not hired but elected , and the electorate seems to not care about that . 
  also , business leaders do n't need to hide it either , so there you 'll hear accents as well . 
  in general i would say , a slight local accent is usually seen as positive , as something that gives you personality . 
  dialects are often seen more negatively though . 
  but that would only be in germany , the standard accent in austrian and swiss tv is already different . 
  even inside germany it 's not universal , ever watched br ? 
  accents are by definition standard german . 
  otherwise it would be a dialect . 
  none are universally hated . 
  hannover is pretty bad though but mostly because a lot of them thinks they have the only correct \u2122 accent . 
   i dont want to hear `` germany has got a free press . 
  still in the ( edit : second ) best category of the [ press freedom index ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index ) , unlike other countries you 've mentioned . 
  there are also elections coming up next year , and while merkel has good chances of winning , it 's not certain . 
  another big difference ( among many ) compared to the other countries you mentioned is that merkel 's party does not have and will not get an absolute majority , so they have to make compromises all the time . 
  it 's not a single party rule , much less a single person rule . 
  also keep in mind that the german chancellor has very limited power , compared to other countries ' presidents , and merkel has never attempted to change that . 
  another difference is that germany is a federal country , which means the individual states have a lot of power with respect to internal policies , and they are ruled by various coalitions of different parties , which change regularly . 
  recently , merkel 's center-right party lost the election in berlin for example , which is now going to be governed by a left coalition . 
   were there really 15 years ago in rome ? 
  i would assume yes . 
  italy was part of the west bloc , and basically all west bloc countries had some muslim immigration in the 2nd half of the 20th century . 
  i grew up in a small town in the 90s in germany and half the kids in my football club were muslim . 
  never doubted any if that . 
  so what ? 
  i was n't talking about that , ever . 
  ok , maybe once more . 
  op suggested the number of syrian refugees the democrats wanted to bring in could be too high for europeans and would thus be controversial . 
  i said i do n't believe this would be the case in germany . 
  nobody except you ever talked about immigrant numbers in the us , i honestly do n't understand what you 're trying to debate . 
  sure , but op suggested europeans might not have liked the democrats ' plan to bring in me refugees . 
  that 's what i was referring to , that imho it would n't even seem very ambitious to germans . 
  huh ? 
  even in that list the usa and germany both have about a quarter million , which means germany has about four times more per capita . 
  and that probably does n't include most all the recent ones from syria since they mostly came later . 
  what i was talking about was that even the left in the us only wants to take in a small symbolic amount of syrian refugees . 
  i was n't talking about immigrants but about asylum seekers ( and refugees ) , so people in need , not your general `` expat '' . 
  especially in germany , the wall thing would never be accepted , tearing down walls is considered good , building them up not so much . 
  the numbers of asylum seekers are ridiculously low in the us compared to germany alone ( which is much smaller ) so if anything , people would demand bringing in * more * . 
  i think the only thing that would piss me off personally about the us left is the idealism . 
  to me being left is about materialism/socialism while in the us it 's about idealism/liberalism .
