   not even your most radical muslims ? 
  wtf ? 
  radical muslims would probably be the ones who agree with trump and trump 's base the most . 
  right wing conservatives and reactionaries are the same no matter what religion . 
  and they 're usually the ones who care the least about human rights and democratic process in the first place . 
  well , one time angela merkel was asked what she thinks she 's good at , and her answer was `` cooking potato soup '' . 
  `` boat '' is about 100 times better than `` boot '' . 
  the german long o is how some british speakers pronounce `` or '' ( with no audible r ) , just a long and flat o sound . 
  well , it has n't been tried yet . 
  since you were talking about condemned : the verb * achten * means * to respect * , the verb * \u00e4chten * means to condemn . 
  they 're similar in all forms , so geachtet ( respected ) and ge\u00e4chtet ( condemned ) also look quite similar . 
  each german state used to have their own measuring units , sometimes there were even different units within one state . 
  when germany was unified in 1871 , they were quickly replaced by the metric system . 
  they did for the most par have the same names as in other european systems , like the imperial ones . 
  some generally had kind of similar values to the imperial units with the same name , like inches , feet , and pounds , while some differed quite a bit , like miles , which were generally about 7km long . 
  in the 19th century the pound ( pfund ) and the hundredweight ( zentner ) were standardized for trade within the german customs union . 
  the pound was defined as 500g , the hundredweight as 50kg . 
  those units are still sometimes used colloquially , so you may hear people order `` half a pound of cherries '' on a market , which is understood as 250g . 
  the other units are only used in certain figures of speech , like `` meilenweit entfernt '' ( miles away ) . 
  folding rulers may be called either meterstab ( meter stick ) or zollstock ( inch stick ) , but either way they 're two meters long and show centimeters and millimeters , not inches . 
  an interesting example is quentchen , which is an old small unit of weight . 
  it 's used as a figure of speech to mean `` a tiny amount '' , but since it 's generally not known as a measurement anymore , the spelling was changed to `` qu\u00e4ntchen '' , meaning `` small quantum '' . 
  english is n't hard . 
  we have all letters in the same places , except y and z , which are switched . 
  some punctuation is on different keys , but it 's rarely an issue . 
  i do use a us keyboard though , but mostly because the german ones make symbols like [ { } ] \\ \\ | <  hard to reach , and they 're needed in programming . 
  for symbols the us keyboard does n't have , i use a compose key . 
  however , german also can be typed without any special letters ( useful when you 're abroad ) , because they all have `` long forms '' : * \u00df \u2192 ss * \u00e4 \u2192 ae * \u00f6 \u2192 oe * \u00fc \u2192 ue, 
  seitenbacher is not a bavarian brand , but saying a swabian accent has nothing to do with bavaria is simply wrong . 
  swabia literally is the name of one of bavaria 's seven districts . 
  i 'm not southern european , but i would n't put it on pizza or spaghetti . 
  the pizza thing i 've only seen in poland , on spaghetti it seems to be popular in eastern germany . 
  generally ketchup is eaten with fries , and different kinds of meat ( burgers , bratwurst , leberk\u00e4se , etc. 
  ) , especially when they 're eaten as a snack in a bread roll . 
  well , the term `` socialist '' is used for many different things . 
  social democracy definitely grew out of the socialist movement , along with anarchism , leninism , and many other strains . 
  in many countries , the social democratic parties are called socialist , for example in france . 
  now , if you count only those socialists who want to implement socialism , you get the next problem : what is socialism ? 
  if you ask me , the east bloc was n't socialist , because the workers did n't own or control the means of production , the state did . 
  so imho it was more of a centralized and monopolized form of capitalism . 
  so when i use the word ( especially when referring to the three major political branches ) , i stick to the loose definition that includes all those ideas that grew out of the socialist movement and see themselves in that tradition . 
  but the idea is different , is n't it ? 
  provinces sound like something created by a central government . 
  i do n't know about the us , but in germany , the central government can not create or dissolve or unify or split its states , just like the eu ca n't . 
  the federal government was created by the states , not the other way around . 
  tbh i never heard of that word . 
  i would have associated it with wallis in switzerland . 
  the usual german name for wales is wales . 
  people know it exists , but some might forget it 's not a part of england . 
  19th century . 
  quite famously bismarck introduced relatively modern voting laws when he drafted the german constitution by giving equal votes to all men , as opposed to giving the rich ( who paid more taxes ) more votes than the poor , as was common in that era . 
  his idea was to weaken the liberals ( who were supported by the richer people in cities and larger towns , and who demanded more democracy ) and to strengthen the conservatives ( who were supported by many poor farmers , and were supportive of monarchy with limited democratic oversight ) . 
  but that plan backfired , since around the same time , the socialist party was founded and gained traction among the new proletariat in the cities . 
  and unlike the farmers , those new poor people were not at all supportive of conservatism and monarchy . 
   the government should guarantee equal opportunity , not equal outcomes . 
  that 's total bs . 
  you ca n't do one of them without doing the other . 
  the outcomes of one generation strongly influence the opportunities of the next . 
  and since the government ca n't completely control the outcomes for everybody ( not even in totalitarian regimes , and they sure have tried ) , they ca n't really guarantee opportunities . 
  what can be done , is done to a certain degree , and should be done , is on one side to limit how bad the outcome -- and thus the opportunities -- can be , which is what the welfare state is for , and on the other side to improve the opportunities of the less well-off children through education . 
   another way of phrasing : is the societal `` greater good '' more important than individualism ? 
  that 's a completely different question , not another way of phrasing . 
  i do n't think they 're at odds . 
  the `` greater good '' is only great if it benefits a lot of individuals . 
  of course to those people who think of individualism as `` freedom to exploit others '' : no , that 's not a good thing , and we should n't tolerate that as much as we do . 
  it used to be liberal vs conservative here too , until socialist parties came up . 
  basically , conservative originally meant , and still means , that you do n't make hasty changes , but try to stick to status quo as much as possible . 
  those are considered center right . 
  far right would be reactionary , meaning you want to undo the changes that were made ( or slowly happened ) in society . 
  the antonym of conservative is n't liberal but progressive , people who are in favor of improving matters by means of reforms ( or revolution ) . 
  those come in two flavors : liberal and socialist . 
  liberals are those kind of people who want more freedom , both personal freedoms and `` economic freedom '' . 
  in both areas they argue for a smaller state and less rules that tell people what they can and ca n't do . 
  socialism split off from liberalism mostly during industrialization . 
  they argued that `` theoretical freedoms '' are n't worth a lot to workers who work all day for somebody else . 
  they argued that the liberals ' `` economic freedoms '' only apply to the people owning land and factories , and lead to a new sort of feudalism where a few rich people live off of the work of the suffering and factually unfree majority . 
  there are quite a few different socialist branches , but the most important one is social democracy , meaning you try to balance out some of the inequality by taxing the rich and putting that money into state programs that benefit the poor ( or everyone ) . 
  generally , since the socialist movement came up , those have been perceived as `` the left '' , and conservatives as `` the right '' . 
  liberals are a rather small group since they generally appeal to a smaller group than the other two ( some say , only to dentists ) but are for the most part also seen as part of `` the right '' , because on economic issues they tend to side with conservatives rather than ~ ~ liberals ~ ~ socialists . 
  it 's more or less similar in different european countries , as you can see by european party alliances or the factions in the european parliament . 
  i 'm sometimes confused by the american usage of the terms , especially when on some issues liberal means `` more state intervention '' and conservative means `` less state intervention '' . 
  my guess is that it comes out of the two party system . 
  generally the political spectrum seems to be shifted to the right in the us . 
  our conservatives ( like merkel ) are sometimes cheered for by american liberals . 
  edit : i was half asleep when i wrote this , so i mixed up the terms . 
  edit : evidently `` social policy '' also means another thing in america than in europe  the word `` liberal '' seems to have a similar meaning on either side of the atlantic when talking about social policy , such as gay rights , anti-racism , or rehabilitative justice , those are what i would call individual liberties , it 's about the state ( and society ) respecting the rights and the dignity of the individual . 
  to me , social policies would be health insurance , education , retirement funds , support for families , unemployment money , etc. 
  well , frau means woman , fr\u00e4ulein means little woman . 
  having the two forms implies women are n't really grown up until they 're married . 
  in general , putting your marital status in your name , but only for women , feels weird . 
  it also does n't help that `` fr\u00e4ulein '' is grammatically neuter . 
  i did n't mean `` frau kellnerin '' , just `` frau '' . 
  what the other person was referring to was that it used to be the normal way to call your waiter by saying `` fr\u00e4ulein '' ( just the one word ) loudly . 
  for male waiters it was `` herr ober '' . 
  it seems like it 's still taught that way in some language courses although it 's not used much anymore . 
  no , they probably misread the other post . 
  frau ( to address someone ) is only used with a last name . 
  `` meine dame '' can be used when you do n't know the name , but that 's pretty formal . 
  absolutely not . 
  nobody calls a waiter `` frau '' , that would be pretty rude .
