  it 's not a holiday , it 's literally a place . 
  i think you 're equating communism , socialism , marxism , and leninism , which is simply wrong . 
  and you 're also mixing up political movements with economic systems . 
  the soviet union was run by a party called `` communist '' , which had a specifically leninist ideology , but the economic system was still capitalism , just a highly monopolized version of it , where the entire state is basically run as a business . 
  the workers did n't own and control the means of production , they did n't receive the full value of their labor , which would be the minimum definition of what a socialist economic system would have to provide to qualify as such . 
  i would n't mind the old [ east german one ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1myihrsxhvi ) instead though . 
  it does n't have those stanzas you 'd want to avoid and it does incorporate the experiences and conclusions taken from ww2 , which are quite important to what being german means today . 
  bonus point : the east german government decided to make it instrumental only , as the song calls germany `` united '' , and does n't contain their ideology . 
  but then again i do n't care much for national anthems . 
  slime 's [ deutschland ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vgqdsfjzr9m ) would be hilarious just for the sake of trolling nationalists . 
  maybe it 's worth noting that unlike in english , usa and vereinigte staaten are plurals . 
  so you would n't say `` the us is '' but `` the us are '' . 
  and the adjective is either just `` amerikanisch '' , or `` us-amerikanisch '' . 
  well , we could choose between different paths along our way through gymnasium ( \u2248 high school , classes 5 through 13 ) . 
  i chose to go down the math/science track . 
  for foreign languages , i did the bare minimum : 9 years of english , 5 years of french , usually 5 lessons a week . 
  for math , we first did a lot of geometry and algebra until 7th grade or so , then it was mostly calculus , albeit always mixed with algebra . 
  trigonometry was in 10th grade i think and logarithms in 11th ; integration was only done from 12th grade on and we had next to solve hardly any differential equations . 
  there was also analytic geometry ( basically linear algebra , but without matrices and limited to 3d ) and stochastics . 
  for sciences , we could chose a lot , and i did a lot of physics , a medium amount of chemistry and only a little biology . 
  physics was quite extensive . 
  it started with classical mechanics and got into thermodynamics later ; in the final years we did special relativity , some quantum mechanics , a lot of stuff about electromagnetic waves , some things on radioactivity , etc. 
  all of that included lots of calculation , so if you did n't pay attention when you learned algebra , you had zero chances in physics . 
  for both physics and chemistry we had experimentation classes , too , where we could blow things up or fry them electrically . 
  i liked history , too . 
  it was chronological from 6th grade ( egyptians , greeks , romans ) till 10 grade ( late 19th century till present ) , then from 11th till 13th grade we repeated the timespan from the french revolution into the present , but more focusing on things rather than getting an overview . 
  it was mostly european ( mostly german/bavarian ) history , we crossed the atlantic a few times , but did n't learn really much about china before ww1 . 
  well , germany is n't exactly small , and the only difference i can see is you need to be 18 to buy spirits in germany , which is n't really a big deal though . 
  you just need to have one friend who is 18 . 
  probably in the us . 
  i mean , it 's the american president , many americans really do n't like him , and seem to feel the need to tell everybody about it . 
  all of my grandparents were too young to actually have to go to war . 
  but some anecdotes about my grandma : * while usually pretty apolitical , when there was a neonazi rally in her town , she was really upset , saying `` those must all be young people . 
  nobody who lived then could want that back '' * a few houses from her there 's a syrian family . 
  she 's good friends with their little girl and they have conversations like : `` in syria there 's a war , do you know what that 's like ? '', 
  -- `` yes , when i was young , there was a war here too '' -- `` really , here ? 
  were there also planes attacking ? '', 
  -- `` yes , there were planes as well '' . 
  i think despite being from different cultures and different generations , they feel connected by that experience . 
  they do sit in left-right order . 
  however , it 's often confusing to people because it is `` left '' and `` right '' as seen from the podium , so from their own viewpoint or from the audience it 's the other way around . 
  actually i thought that 's how it works in most modern parliaments . 
  sure . 
  but you need the right qualifications to get in , foreigners must prove they can support themselves for the visa , and university is tough . 
  most students actually drop out at some point . 
  since you do n't pay for it , there 's zero `` customer is king '' ; if you ca n't keep up , well , sorry . 
  do n't parties basically clarify that as soon as they chose where to sit in the sejm ? 
  both are in the executive branch . 
  pfalz is in rlp. , kurpfalz is in bw . 
  it 's a continent of over 500 million people now and not too much fewer in previous centuries , on a land mass smaller than the us , and has been industrialized since the beginning of industrialization , and mines had existed for many centuries before that . 
  why should there be many resources left ? 
  well , that was done on purpose . 
  partly to avoid presidential election campaigns , partly to not give them more legitimacy ( a direct popular mandate ) than the chancellor to avoid the system drifting into being a presidential one . 
  the way it works now , usually some rather boring old consensus candidate wins , which at least is n't the worst thing in a position that should represent all of germany . 
  also , having a head of state is n't really a democratic idea in the first place . 
  so i do n't see how a `` legitimized '' one would be any more democratic . 
  i think one of the reasons would also be that germany did n't have such a long tradition of monarchy to begin with . 
  what it had for many centuries was the holy roman empire , which was technically a monarchy , but the emperor was elected , the member states and cities had most of the power , it had a very complicated system of checks and balances , written and unwritten laws , that evolved over a long time . 
  the `` modern '' german empire was only founded in 1871 , and what they did was basically take the constitution of the previous north-german confederation and replace the word `` confederation '' with `` empire '' and the word `` president '' with `` emperor '' . 
  and the rule was that the office of president/emperor would always automatically go to the prussian king . 
  obviously that was n't too popular with the other states and their citizens . 
  in bavaria , there is still some nostalgia for ludwig ii , but that 's just that , nostalgia . 
  bavarians are notoriously proud of their freistaat ( republic ) . 
  many other modern states do n't directly go back to a single previous state , especially in the north , where prussia used to dominate . 
  prussia was abolished for good after ww2 , and i doubt too many people are sad about that . 
  i do n't have a car and none of my friends in the city has , although that may be a little biased because we are mostly still under 30 . 
  everybody has a bike though , so i guess that counts as having a vehicle . 
  i live in berlin , which has great public transportation ( 24/7 service and no matter where you are , you 're never far away from at least a bus stop , often even tram , subway and whatever s-bahn would translate to ... basically a mixture between a subway and a regular regional train . 
  many important lines go every five minutes . 
  cycling also works fine , although in some areas the bicycle paths are n't of the best quality . 
  because of public pressure , they promised to improve the situation soon though . 
  i have only driven a car through the city a few times since i moved here almost ten years ago . 
  it 's basically only needed when somebody moves , in which case you rent a van for a day . 
  finding a parking spot is tough , and often there 's so much traffic you 'd be where you want to go a lot faster by public transportation or bicycle . 
  we know that the us and russia are very different countries . 
  the question was `` whom do you trust as a partner '' and yes , that figure dropped massively . 
  donald trump seems to neither strongly value the partnership with germany , nor does he seem to be the stable kind of person you 'd put your trust on in the first place . 
  he also made quite hostile remarks about german policies , especially with respect to accepting refugees , which does n't help either . 
  that said , most people know how pluralistic the us is . 
  people loved obama , rooted for bernie , and will never forget how david hasselhoff single-handedly reunited germany . 
  all of that is n't gone just because of one election . 
  but , albeit not as bad as trump , george w bush was also very unpopular here and in those times anti-americanism was definitely up . 
  so i ca n't really tell . 
  i just know that i personally love the us and would never think of blaming all americans for trump , although i do blame trump voters , obviously . 
  he told them in advance all the bs he 's going to do to bring the country down , and they cheered . 
  well , now they 're going to have to eat that slimy orange soup they 've cooked for themselves . 
   also you may want to ask yourself why you are trying to fight against hsv1 being a std . 
  why is classifying something a std something you feel the need to correct ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's not an std , but people do n't think of it that way because as far as i can tell ( and i 'll admit that 's not much ) people almost always get it in a non-sexual context and have symptoms only on their lips . 
  mostly it 's just not an issue at all . 
  you will sometimes get those things on your lips , usually when you have a cold or are under a lot of stress , and that 's that . 
  i stopped really caring when kissing or sharing a drink with people who have it some time ago . 
  i honestly do n't know why it should be a big deal . 
  it 's not hiv or something like that . 
  why should i think of it as an std ? 
  90 % of all people have it in their bodies anyway , most already have it before having sex , i 've only ever had any symptoms on my mouth , etc. 
  people do talk about herpes , as in `` you probably should n't drink from my glass , i have herpes '' . 
  yes , i know it * can * be transmitted sexually , and there * can * be symptoms in the genital area ( although then we usually call it genital herpes to be more precise , `` herpes '' is assumed to be on your lips ) . 
  and how do you accurately track diseases that are so minor you do n't need to go to the doctor ? 
  best thing about the bavarian flag : there are two of them and they 're both official .
