  so their birth rates will eventually adjust to their surroundings . 
  the question is how quickly , and that depends on how successful integration will be . 
  it 's more than a drop in the bucket but it is n't that huge either . 
  nothing to freak out about at least . 
  just because we got out relatively lucky so far does n't mean it 's safe . 
  and you get areas that are poisoned for centuries . 
  plus a huge pile of nuclear waste that you have to keep safe , so you have to make sure the people in charge will be reasonable for the next couple of millennia . 
  which has never been the case in history , and i do n't see any convincing signs that that 's about to change . 
  the * only * relevant factor is the absolute worst case scenario , not the limited experience we have . 
  yes , i call it unsafe and dangerous . 
  if you consider the worst case scenario in case of an accident , nuclear power is definitely the most dangerous power source by far . 
  the only other one i can think of that could have devastating effects would be large dams which might break or be destroyed , but even then the effects only affect a relatively small area for a relatively short amount of time . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could see it as safe . 
  efficient , reliable , low carbon , those may be debatable but i understand how you can get the idea . 
  but safe ? 
  no , not at all . 
  oktoberfest is n't celebrated in the rest of bavaria either . 
  people might catch a train to munich for the festival more than northern germans because it 's not so far , but that 's it . 
  any other `` oktoberfest '' , no matter if elsewhere in bavaria or in hannover or in the us is an oktoberfest themed festival , but not `` an oktoberfest '' . 
  i 've noticed northern germans lecturing american and other tourists that they should not associate oktoberfest with all of germany , but then they go on associating it with bavaria , which is just as bad . 
  sure , you can call it bavarian , but in the same right you can call it german or european , since the single one and only city where it takes place is located in europe , germany , and bavaria . 
  it 's still not a thing in the parts of europe/germany/bavaria that are not the city of munich . 
  two corrections : * oktoberfest is n't a general bavarian thing any more than it is a general german thing , it 's a single festival in the city of munich . 
  lots of cities and town , and even tiny villages all over germany have their own festivals , often with unique names . 
  * hochgebirge is only used for the alps , all other mountain ranges from `` almost north '' ( harz ) to south ( black forest , bavarian forest , etc. ), 
  are mittelgebirge . 
  about your edit : the only thing that makes me uncomfortable is you pulling things out of your ass to prove ... i do n't even know what you 're on about tbh . 
  all i wanted to say is that standard german is mostly based on what 's now called saxon ( a middle german dialect , unrelated to historical saxon in lower saxony ) with some other influences , including upper german ones . 
  and that many features of upper german are not part of standard german but were incorporated in oberdeutsche schreibsprache . 
  i do n't think any of that is really so controversial . 
   since germany only have to real dialects ; high german and low german thats not rely important ; some mid-german accents have been mixed , mostly due to wars and settlements . 
  it has always been a dialect continuum , so generally * all * dialects are mixed . 
  you talked about middle german earlier and now you say it 's not important ? 
  wtf ? 
  of course it is , it 's the part of high german that was most influential on standard german . 
  and no , german has way more than two dialects . 
  it has three main groups , but even within those groups , you have differences that are larger than between some separate languages . 
   otherwise he would have ended up limited as in our brothelanguage of the anglosaxon expats . 
  no , that 's just not true . 
  quite a few dialects feature inflections that do n't exist or got lost in standard german . 
  low german is the only group where that applies . 
  i feel like you 're mixing up upper german and high german . 
  high german includes both upper and middle german . 
  low german is the only one that ( mostly ) vanished , middle german dialect from cologne to dresden are well alive . 
  upper german ( bavarian , alemanic , etc. ), 
  differs quite a bit from standard german ( which is based on both upper and middle , but mostly middle german ) . 
  among upper german dialects , franconian is closest to standard german , and closest to middle german dialects like saxon or hessian . 
  i 'm not talking about writing style , i 'm talking about which dialect spelling , vocabulary and grammar are based on . 
  i was n't thinking so much about luther but more about the difference between [ oberdeutsche schreibsprache ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/oberdeutsche_schreibsprache ) and mei\u00dfnisch , which later developed into standard german . 
  is n't it basically middle german ? 
  afaik it 's mostly based on the german spoken in saxony/thuringia . 
  i would n't say it is , you can still speak standard german with a local accent . 
  you speak as it is written , but the exact choice of words and the exact sound for each letter still differs somewhat between hamburg , munich , vienna and z\u00fcrich . 
  they should fund themselves , not live off of tax money . 
  other than that , i do n't care . 
  i do n't need religion , i have other hobbies . 
  the german state tracks church membership in official records , the three options are catholic , protestant , and `` neither '' . 
  so the main distinction within protestants is `` state churches '' , which used to be tied to the individual states before wwi , and are the ones counted as `` protestant '' officially , versus `` free churches '' , which are counted as `` neither '' . 
  within the state churches , there are still different directions , mainly lutheran and reformed , but i 'm not into protestantism , so i do n't know the difference . 
  generally , free churches tend to be more radical and sometimes fundamentalist , while state churches are mostly not . 
  there 's a nice example from berlin , which is a city that is also a state , so they have more freedom to choose their rules than other cities . 
  there was an initiative that called for a bicycle law to improve infrastructure . 
  they collected many signatures , more than any other such initiatives ( including successful ones ) . 
  the city/state government did n't like the proposal , so they moved the decision till after the next elections . 
  in the elections , a left coalition won , including two outspokenly bike friendly parties . 
  so they basically accepted the initiative 's proposal . 
  it 's still not done and they 're claiming to be working on it to get the details right , but the rough plan includes * 2m wide safe bicycle lanes at all main roads , * 100km of special fast bike roads ( mostly intersection free ) , * more police on bikes , * making cross roads safer ( iirc 20 per year ) , * changing the `` green wave '' speed for traffic lights to a bicycle friendlier value , etc. 
   also depends on the age , of course , you wo n't see 70 year olds travel by bike everywhere . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  my grandma is over 85 and ca n't really drive or walk anymore , so she rides her bike instead , as she mostly has her whole life anyway . 
  the only problem is that she can hardly see anything anymore , but i heard she got an injection for that so she 'll probably be back on her bike soon . 
  and i 've noticed lots of old people do that , not just her . 
   `` we ca n't call ourselves austrasie , that sounds too much like australie '' too bad , you could have joined austria 's club there . 
  and we could have organized kangaroo themed tours from austrasia to austria and collected some sweet american tourist money . 
  do n't know , i grew up in bavaria , so the only typical prussian strengths i 'm familiar with is : * putting your country before yourself * putting orders before anything else * putting the strict compliance with rules before helping your neighbor * achieving your goals by wageing war while thinking of yourself as enlightened * not possessing emotions of any kind * removing articles and prepositions from your speech to sound more like a robot at least those are my first associations . 
  even after many years of living in berlin . 
  some ( especially the last one ) have even be reinforced . 
  but that 's a different kind of diversity , somewhat even contradicting the `` individualist '' approach . 
  for different regions to be truly different from another , it is helpful if they are n't very diverse internally . 
  it 's basically about the granularity of diversity . 
  kind of like you ca n't paint a wall so that it looks colorful from both close up and far apart . 
  if you paint large segments in each color it will be colorful from far apart , but if you go really close ( like an insect ) , it will look like just one color . 
  if you paint it with tiny dots in each color it will look colorful to the insect but from far apart it will just look gray . 
  and the reason why leitkultur does n't work out is simply because it is , and has always been , a shitty idea . 
  this has nothing to do with guns . 
  ok , now that that 's out of the way , hunters do feed wild animals . 
  they claim it 's for the protection of the animals who would otherwise starve , but in fact they simply do n't like any natural factors that keep the population low , so there 's more need for them . 
  hunting is supposed to only take place when there are `` too many '' wild animals , and since hunters like to hunt , they like it when there are too many wild animals . 
  afaik that does n't apply to small businesses though . 
  if they have less than ten ( ? ), 
  employees , they can fire you without giving a reason , they just have to grant you a notice period . 
   `` thineselves '' out , so it might not actually be a word selves is plural , so it ca n't go with any form of thou , just like you ca n't say myselves or himselves . 
  iirc the rules with thou , thee , thy , thine are pretty simple , it 's just the same difference as i , me , my , and mine . 
  but in the european parliament , it 's generally not about countries but about parties , and the factions they form . 
  and it 's sort of weird that the parties that are preferred in small countries could get disproportionally many seats compared to parties preferred in large countries . 
  tbh i would n't mind germany disappearing in a european federation . 
  it 's already a country consisting of countries , that was basically formed for the same reasons as the eu : most individual countries were too small to achieve anything individually and they did n't want to have a war between member countries again . 
  when we have a peaceful united europe , we do n't need an overarching german state for that anymore . 
  countries like bavaria , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , or north-rhine-westphalia would n't even be particularly small compared to other european countries . 
  as a kid i did n't know that the other , less tasty kind of strawberry exists , because i always just saw and picked woodland strawberries and we did n't use different names for them .
