  just google the word . 
  i have no clue why i 'm being downvoted, 
   but christians tend to go for something like a free-market capitalist democracy situation . 
  just no . 
  maybe in the us but not in germany . 
  actual religious christians are usually very critical of free market capitalism . 
  there is a minimum wage and most unskilled workers do n't make much more . 
  refugees are `` unskilled '' in germany because you need proof for everything . 
  if anything , it helps the churches . 
  most germans , even if formally they are church members , do n't care about religion at all . 
  but quite a few refugees convert to christianity for various reasons . 
  those are actually religious people who care about their community and are willing to invest time and energy . 
  but even muslims helps them keep religion as a whole in the discussion . 
  the simple reason is that someone has to take them , so we might as well do it . 
  even if it does n't have directly positive consequences , in the long term it will . 
  it does n't hurt to have people in the middle east have a positive image of germany . 
  they only exist for same-sex couples . 
  it 's a weird situation . 
  i think it has to do a lot with the fact that most of europe were monarchies until wwi , but the power was shifting more and more from the monarch to the elected parliament . 
  the presidential system is basically the same as a constitutional monarchy while the parliamentary republic is similar to a parliamentary monarchy . 
  in both cases the monarch is simply replaced by a president . 
  but actually federations are very common in the americas , more so than in europe . 
  does that only apply in pubs and restaurants or also in people 's homes ? 
   praising the dictatorship of east germany is legal ? 
  yes . 
   or it is just the dictatorship of the third reich ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's an issue of freedom of speech , you should n't ban saying things you do n't like . 
  except for nazi stuff , for obvious reasons . 
  no , but you would probably find it ridiculous if they thought all of america was about cowboy hats . 
  but the main thing that annoys me is taking the name of a specific event and treating it like some kind of national holiday/celebration . 
  no , at least for wheat beer , it would be unthinkable in germany to serve it in a different kind of glass or to serve other beer in a wheat beer glass . 
  last time i looked on a map , it was still a thing in germany . 
  just google for `` pretzel '' ( the english word ) and for `` brezel '' ( the german word ) . 
  even the shape is different . 
  they have to have a thicker fluffy side and a thinner harder side ( parts of it may or may not be crunchy ) . 
  it should be about 15 to 20cm in diameter . 
  it 's usually eaten with the thick side cut open and butter spread on it . 
   would you prefer that nazism be germany 's only cultural export ? 
  now that escalated quickly . 
   and of course oktoberfest has everything to do with germany . 
  with munich perhaps , with bavaria maybe , but not with germany as a whole . 
  germany is much more diverse internally than the us , but still you would n't want the whole country to be represented by a certain local texas festival where you can get only ( ! ), 
  specifically texan things , most of which are n't even a thing in about 90 % of the country . 
   to pretend otherwise is asinine . 
  it may not be celebrated exactly the same , it 's not about being `` celebrated '' differently , it 's the name of one single festival ( volksfest ) in one city . 
  there are similar volksfeste in other cities , towns and villages , but those are n't `` oktoberfeste '' . 
  just like having an `` oklahoma state fair '' is n't something every town across the us does . 
  imagine every town in the germany would have their own oklahoma state fair , you know , with pictures of mt. 
  rushmore , the golden gate bridge and the statue of liberty . 
   but it is clearly a celebration of german culture . 
  it 's a celebration of what americans imagine german culture to be like , maybe . 
  but why do n't you just pick another name for that ? 
  and stop pretending it has anything to do with germany ? 
  or brezg if you want to get real . 
  i have heard of it , as an american thing they consider to be german . 
  not of a german tradition like that though . 
   german cars meh , i 've seen americans being amazed how most taxis in germany are mercedes . 
  germans usually do n't care that much . 
   beer `` german beer '' is n't a thing though . 
  it 's rather a diverse and local thing . 
  and many germans are really not into getting drunk , which many foreigners seem to be excited about . 
  nonalcoholic beer is pretty big . 
   sausages also very local . 
  i ca n't judge though , i do n't eat them . 
   pretzels i 've never seen anything even close to a good plain regular pretzel in the us . 
  i do n't think they have them . 
  misinterpreting oktoberfest is also very common . 
  it 's not a german or a bavarian thing , it 's just in munich . 
  and you ca n't have `` an oktoberfest '' in your town , there is just * the * oktoberfest . 
  a local fair in one city , not some kind of national celebration . 
  also , it 's a tourist trap , nothing more . 
  nazis , obviously . 
  also , pretty much everything that is considered `` german '' in the us . 
   i wonder if it means someone could get into office with less than 30 % of the vote . 
  not exactly . 
  most european countries have a political system that differs from the us in two major points : * parliamentary democracy : the leader of the executive branch is not ( almost ) directly elected by the people like the us president , but rather by the legislature , which means at least 50 % of representatives have to support them , usually from two or more parties forming a coalition . 
  * proportional representation : instead of having each constituency vote independently , the seats are assigned to parties proportionally . 
  if a party gets 10 % of the vote , they will get 10 % of the seats . 
  that means you do n't typically vote someone into office directly , instead you just vote for the party you support . 
  several countries do also have directly elected officials , but then you usually have a runoff election between the two candidates with the most votes in the main election , to ensure they do have a proper mandate with usually  50 % of the votes . 
   you do n't though - the border is open for anyone to walk or drive across . 
  it 's not even marked in most places , bar road signs being in miles/km . 
  wikipedia reckons there are 300 crossings along its 310 mile length , without even thinking about yomping through the fields . 
  what i meant was : uk and ireland are n't in schengen . 
  they have their own kind of mini-schengen , which you are describing . 
  but just like switzerland can be out of eu and inside schengen , uk could be out of eu but inside its mini-schengen with ireland . 
   isis does ? 
  that 's some news to me . 
  and how do you know it ? 
  all i see is a terrorist attack in one of ` open-minded ' countries every now and then . 
  yes . 
  they attack those countries they hate . 
  what a surprise !, 
  they are trying to convince people that the west hates muslims and wants to destroy them . 
  the pictures of people greeting refugees with flowers and gifts for their children certainly did n't help their narrative . 
  they want and need the west to be islamophobic . 
   lesser nations wtf ? 
  where i grew up in southern germany , there were mainly three things to be ordered : * ma\u00df , an old measuring unit , nowadays exactly one litre , originally a tiny bit more . 
  huge mug filled with regular beer * halbe , `` half one '' , half a litre of regular beer * weizen , also half a litre , but wheat beer regular beer in southern germany could be helles or sometimes export , often the name is just '' < brewery name  original '' .
