  at some point , somebody had a whole lot of huge mutant strawberries ( i.e. 
  regular cultivated strawberries ) and i was really excited at first but extremely disappointed when i tasted them . 
  the political systems are basically polar opposites . 
  the nordics developed out of relatively centralist , top-down kingdom . 
  at some ( 19th century ? ), 
  point they became basically democratic , but they 're still mostly monarchies and they 're still centralist . 
  switzerland developed inside of , and later broke away from , the holy roman empire , a `` state '' ( if you even want to use that term ) with a lot of power on a local level ( local rulers , free cities , etc. 
  ) , and a complicated system of checks and balances . 
  afaik certain parts of switzerland have been democratic ( as in , deciding public matters by voting ) since medieval days . 
  in a way , switzerland has kept many of those federalist institutions until today but has democratized them over the centuries . 
  the whole system is old and very stable but change happens a lot slower than in more centralist countries . 
  for example women got the right to vote on the federal level only in 1971 and in one country they could n't vote until 1991 . 
  that 's about 70 years later than in most european countries . 
  compared to that , the nordics are pretty quick to implement new policies . 
  they tend to have unicameral parliaments and elections generally result in a new coalition forming . 
  so a new set of policies implemented can be favored by just 51 % of the representatives . 
  in switzerland the permanent four party coalition and the bicameral legislature , combined with a separation of powers between the confederation and the cantons makes it hard for anything to be pushed through without wide popular support , except through a referendum , but even then both the majority of votes and the majority of state majorities is needed . 
   can switzerland fit into a wider `` german-speaking world '' model ? 
  well , german speaking countries have all retained a more federalist structure than the rest of europe , which somewhat can be traced back to the hre , too . 
  so in a way switzerland is part of that , but to a much larger degree than germany or austria , it 's much more federalist and keeps a more power on a local level , and that local level is more local . 
  many counties in europe do n't have bears anymore , but some still do , and they 're coming back to others  in germany at least pepper spray can be legally sold and carried without a need for any kind of license if it 's meant to be used against animals . 
  however , i 'm pretty sure that differs a lot from country to country , so look up the local laws before crossing a border . 
  as for camping , in most of europe it 's not legal to just camp anywhere in the wilderness . 
  first of all , in many countries there is no real wilderness , and secondly , `` wild camping '' is illegal in most countries . 
  you can camp on private properties if you get permission from the owner , otherwise it 's just camp grounds , and they 're much more densely packed than you might be used to . 
  a notable exception to this is scandinavia , there is a lot of wilderness there due to low population density , and afaik you can camp basically anywhere you want , but i do n't know the exact rules . 
  it 's a lot more permissive than in the rest of europe . 
   dickmanns that 's just one brand name . 
  generally they 're trying to go for schokokuss ( chocolate kiss ) or schaumkuss ( foam kiss ) . 
  where i grew up it was mohrenkopf ( moor 's head ) , so basically a different racist term . 
  ( austro - ) bavarian is a dialect group and includes the dialects of nearly all of austria , except vorarlberg and small parts of tyrol , which are part of the alemanic group . 
  it also includes the dialects spoken in about half of bavaria . 
  of course there are lots of variants inside of the bavarian dialect group , but they 're still relatively similar to each other , compared to other groups . 
  tbh i never met anybody who did n't learn it extensively , and it 's hard to even imagine . 
  i get the point that it would be stupid if the name stuck , but i do n't think it 's really harmful when it 's used without really thinking twice , especially in a european context . 
  i 'm pretty sure every european spends at least a whole year in school learning about wwii and the holocaust , and knows that poland and polish people were for the most part victims , not perpetrators . 
  our main grain for bread is rye , spelt is also common . 
  so it 's not only wheat like in most countries . 
  our bread is made with sour dough , and a baker 's sour dough culture may be centuries old . 
  kneading and time are extremely important ingredients . 
  baking is considered a honorable craft , bakers take it very serious . 
  it requires two to three years of training to become a journeyman , and a lot longer to become a master baker , who are the ones who would generally own a bakery . 
  translation of the first one : eon cares about the gas for tomorrow , today . 
  obviously , if you 're going to be in hungary , the only really important language to learn will be hungarian . 
  if you want to learn other languages , go for it , but they wo n't be immediately helpful in hungary . 
  that 's a terrible idea . 
  it also does n't make much sense to judge immigrants on the general social norms of their home country , for many of them those norms ( that they disagree with ) are the main reason why they want to emigrate in the first place . 
   germans fart in public whenever they have to and no one cares about it . 
  oh i * definitely * do that . 
  i honestly do n't know if people care . 
  yes , but since you were talking about baden-w\u00fcrttemberg i assumed you meant political entities . 
  there is no `` tribe '' associated with baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , outside of popular culture in northern germany at least . 
  switzerland , alsace , swabia proper , and vorarlberg and parts of tyrol have alemanic dialects as well , northern bw has franconian dialects . 
  i know that english does n't allow the proper distinction between bayern and baiern , but i always assume the former when confronted with `` bavaria '' , while it depends on context which one is meant by `` bavarian '' . 
  it 's not about baden-w\u00fcrttemberg vs bavaria , it 's about swabia ( which stretches over parts of both states ) vs the rest of the world . 
  allg\u00e4u , which is part of bavarian swabia , is famous for their k\u00e4ssp\u00e4tzle . 
  tyrol is right across the border and is significantly influenced by swabian/alemanic dialects and culture , so i would n't dismiss it so easily . 
   they were n't nutjobs to any greater extent than was typical for 17th century christianity i do n't think that 's true . 
  they actually stood in for their religion , which was quite uncommon in an age when that would threaten your life . 
  for example , in germany , the vast majority of people went along with [ cuius regio , eius religio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuius_regio,_eius_religio ) . 
  most people did n't care enough about religion to endanger their lives or to emigrate to a far away country , they simply went along with whatever their village 's priest/pastor told them to believe , and kept their real thoughts about it ( like , `` fuck that shit '' ) to themselves . 
   nobody really cares about him people care about copernicus a lot , as an important scientist . 
  they just do n't care about `` claiming '' him as german . 
  but the people arriving in italy are not really from the middle east , are they ? 
  i thought they are mostly from various parts of the african continent . 
  everybody here learns english since at least one or two foreign languages are mandatory and nearly all schools teach english as the first foreign language . 
  they 're also considered `` core subjects '' along with math and german , so there 's basically no way around learning english well enough to at least be able to read newspaper articles and write summaries and so on . 
  the question is really not much different from `` why did you learn math ? '', 
  or `` why did you learn to read and write ? '', 
  on a more personal note , i had a relationship with an american , which was when i really got ( almost ) fluent . 
  the eu is also tied to human rights though . 
  we have guaranteed workers ' rights including the right to collective bargaining , we have safety standards and ecological standards , etc. 
  it makes sense to not force local industries to compete with places that have no such rules . 
  free markets are just a competition for the lowest standards , unless you tie it with certain other criteria . 
  it 's not a whole city but just a district , but in freiburg there 's the [ vauban ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vauban,_freiburg ) area in a former french military site . 
  i have n't been there so i ca n't tell you too much , but it seems to be designed as an ecological urban area , trying to decrease the number of cars and increase local production of renewable energy . 
  it refers to austria having lots of mountains , and therefore also gorges . 
  and to the clich\u00e9 of `` uncivilized '' inhabitants of those areas not having proper toilets yet and therefore shitting into gorges . 
  it 's not at all awkward . 
  but different countries have different customs on * how * to tip . 
  for germany , it works like this : * waiter : `` that 'll be 22.70 $ '' * you , handing them 30 $ : `` 25 . '', 
  * waiter , handing you 5 $ : `` thank you '' if you had paid 25 $ you would just say `` that 's all right '' ( german `` stimmt so '' ) and not get any change back . 
  things like leaving money on the table are unknown here . 
  i just meant that the people who can read your post here do n't know the feeling , because it i written in what to them is a foreign language . 
  so the monolingual people you want to talk to are n't here , they would n't be able to read anything in this subreddit . 
  but as i said , i know people , including young people , who do n't speak english well and feel very similar to what you 're describing . 
  like they do n't know something that everybody is expected to know . 
  but really , it 's an issue you have to handle in your own way . 
  either get enough self esteem to ignore those people , or learn a language , but that only works if you really want to or have to . 
   i have to note that i do not consider native english speakers arrogant for speaking english with people . 
  yeah , i do n't consider them arrogant either , it 's more a feeling than a thought or an opinion . 
  i definitely do n't think lesser of them in any way . 
  i know that , at first i wanted but from what i 've heard it 's not most people 's primary language , so the argument would n't apply the same way . 
  and i know that some people have an amazing ability to `` learn '' something in school for years and forget all they know about it as soon as they graduate . 
   does anyone else know what i 'm feeling ? 
  how do you deal with it ? 
  you wo n't get many positive replies on this , probably only british and irish people . 
  the reason is not that everybody speaks lots of languages in europe , the reason is simply that everybody whose native language is n't english and only speaks one language by definition does n't know english and therefore ca n't read your post or in fact any other post in this sub . 
  so , except for british and irish redditors , * everybody * here is using a foreign language they had to learn by studying hard in school , so they speak more than one . 
  i know people who only speak a little english and who are a little ashamed of that and too shy to ask for translations when somebody speaks english .
