  it 's a weird sort of one party system . 
  cdu/csu are plain conservatives . 
  the reason for the c in their name is pretty much just history . 
  conservative parties used to be split into catholic and protestant ones , so calling the new one christian was meant inclusive ( after wwii ) . 
  they have atheist and muslim politicians as well , and personal faith is n't something that 's usually discussed anyway , in any party . 
  note also that american style christian fundamentalism is no common here at all . 
  especially the protestant churches are very socially progressive , for example doing gay weddings even though the state only does civil unions . 
  absolutely true . 
  it sometimes pisses me off when other german do this but then i realize i do the exact same thing . 
  but i do n't think it 's mostly about germany vs other countries , it can also be europe vs the rest of the world , your state in germany vs the weird other states , etc. 
  in german the word for race ( rasse ) is n't used anymore to describe people , for various reasons : * it also means breed ( like a breed of dogs ) * it was popularized by 19th century pseudoscientific theories that have no real base in reality * based on an interpretation of those theories , it was used by the nazis to justify everything from discrimination to war to genocide, 
  :d probably about the real reason , i 'll quote wikipedia :  tanzverbot is the german term for `` dancing ban '' . 
  in germany and switzerland , dancing on some holidays is banned by most state or canton governments . 
  these occasions are certain christian and secular holidays aimed at mourning or contemplation , such as good friday , all saints ' day ( from its association with all souls ' day practices ) or memorial days like volkstrauertag . 
  the german and swiss dancing bans prohibit public parties , but not dancing in one 's private residence . 
  dancing ( at public events ) is n't allowed on certain days . 
  which ones exactly differs by state though . 
  it is actually enforced . 
   from one of the crackpot parties with no budget . 
  ... who as a legal requirement for tv ads get a lot of slots for campaign spots . 
  half of the slots is distributed equally among the parties who are not in bundestag . 
  the other half goes to the parties in bundestag , proportionally to the amount of seats . 
   generally you need a job offer to get a work visa . 
  you apply for jobs first , and once you get a job you submit proof to the immigration authorities and apply for a visa . 
   the work visa is tied to the job . 
  if you quit or get fired from the job , you have to leave the country . 
  after a few years of being a paid slave like this , you can apply for citizenship and stay here forever . 
  i do n't think it 's quite that tough though . 
  after graduating from university you can stay for a little to find a job . 
  if you get fired , you do n't get kicked out immediately , but you will have to find another job that qualifies for your visa . 
  and you do n't need to become a citizen to stay forever . 
  at least in germany , after five years you can apply for permanent residency , and if you can support yourself and have a clean criminal record , paid into the system while you lived here , etc. , it will be granted . 
  '' [ mitteleuropa ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/grossdeutsches_reich_staatliche_administration_1944.png ) '' . 
  of course it has to be in german . 
  difficult to tell , but i 'll try * swabia -- yeah , pretty much hearing the language can be enough to make me happy . 
  i will think very lowly of anybody who ( even casually ) equates swabia and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , at least for a moment . 
  * bavaria -- being pretty radically leftist , i pretty much disagree with the ruling csu party , and thus with most of the poulation who keep voting them in , on almost every issue . 
  and i despise all kinds of nationalism and patriotic bs ... but still i feel the need to defend bavaria against every ~ ~ fucking prussian ~ ~ person who talks shit about it . 
  i also hate when people make it seem like bavaria is only altbayern and frankonia . 
  despite my disregard for national symbols of any kind , when i see that white and blue , i secretly get sentimental . 
  * germany -- no . 
  well , a little . 
  maybe . 
  but it 's mostly the familiar shapes of the street signs . 
  in other countries they look almost the same but ... weirder . 
  * berlin -- i live there now , i have great friends here , i know great places . 
  but not much more . 
  * eu -- definitely . 
  not really the eu per se , with its particular institutions , but the idea of removing borders , being able to live on the other side of the border , grow together as a continent , not having to exchange money when travelling to many of the countries , having a simple road sign instead of a border check , or simply not having a war in my or my parents ' lifetime . 
  that 's where i always expected the future to be . 
  going to europapark as a child helped a lot . 
  why do you ask this here ? 
  you 're comparing country a with country b and asking continent c ( which is n't even near either of a and b ) for their opinion about that . 
  why ? 
  seriously , why ? 
  i mean , would n't a us or simbabwe ( or general southern african ) specific sub be the better starting point ? 
  there the people answering would be familiar with at least one of the countries you 're talking about . 
  very true . 
  when i was finishing my g9 , i saw how the school was basically turned into a torture chamber , designed to deprive the younger students of both their childhood and proper \u2122 education . 
  but that one really ca n't be blamed on the decentralized system , it was a stupid but fashionable idea . 
  that 's not entirely true though . 
  both the `` volksmehr '' ( majority of the people ) and the `` st\u00e4ndemehr '' ( majority of the contons ) are [ needed ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksmehr_und_st%c3%a4ndemehr ) , so the rural cantons ca n't actually force some issue against the majority 's vote . 
  what i do like about the swiss system is that a lot of things can be decided locally , in the canton or even in the municipality . 
  and i also think like their directorial system better than the usual parliamentary or presidential ones . 
  somehow more like an actual republic and less like a republicanized monarchy . 
  why should one want to have a head of state/government ? 
  you 're obviously not from bavaria . 
  people would go into armed resistance if the federal state were to try to mess with the educational system . 
  slightly ot : do you think part of the reason why democracy has n't flourished in turkey is that it 's too centralistic ? 
  especially considering how large and diverse it is ? 
  imho separation of powers between central government , regions/states , and municipalities is just as important as between the branches of government . 
  do you think creating between 10 and 20 regions and giving them full autonomy over things like police , education , minority issues , etc. 
  would be beneficial ? 
  is there a chance for that to happen ? 
   j\u00fcde-bolchevismus something seriously went wrong here, 
  yes . 
  really . 
  and honestly , while `` white '' and `` black '' are already weird and inaccurate , `` colored '' is pretty much the weirdest you can get . 
  it sounds like `` colorful '' or something that was colored . 
  interestingly , in china someone told me that she likes how europeans look because they have such colorful hair and eyes . 
   for example , perhaps german-speakers feel that mandatory capitalization of `` nouns '' would make code more readable . 
  many programming languages have mandatory capitalization rules , and most that do n't have an agreed-upon standard as to which names should be capitalized and which should n't . 
  but capitalizing nouns is one of the things i really like about german . 
  sure it takes a little more effort when writing ( not that much , actually ) , but it significantly helps understanding the meaning of a sentence and often removes ambiguity . 
  and in that sense ( write a little more carefully and care about readability ) it 's a good philosophy when approaching programming . 
  other than that there are a few possibly useful concepts i can think of which most natural languages have but ( most ) programming languages lack : * pronouns ( possibly including a reflexive one ) : automatically bound names to avoid having to type out long ( compound ) names repeatedly , or having to introduce a new variable . 
  `` this '' and `` self '' are kind of like that already but possibly more could be useful . 
  for example having an automatic name for the argument in a closure . 
  it 's usually so short you do n't need a fancy one anyway . 
  * prepositions : instead of giving arguments to functions as a simple comma-separated list , prepositions could be used for more flexible ordering and instant documentation . 
  this already exists in some languages as `` named arguments '' . 
  one thing that many programming languages do * too much * like german is having really long statements consisting of multiple nested expressions . 
  i much prefer having a simple statement per line and looking at my program step by step . 
  this is the only thing i dislike about ( most ) functional languages . 
  oh i hate that so much :-d i once wanted to look at some open source code i was interested in , only to find out it was all in czech . 
  i became a lot less interested pretty quickly . 
   or ` coloured ' ( farbiger ) , which are both considered politically correct terms . 
  umm ... in the 60s maybe . 
  i 've heard people react to it like `` do i look like a crayon to you ? '', 
  anyone can celebrate it , but they should do so on the actual festival in munich .
