  erdogan rigged the hell out of the referendum that gives him power , so the protesters are not just against him but also against the illegal changes to the constitution he made . 
  of course you could claim that trump 's presidency is illegitimate , but only if you also consider the whole political system including the us constitution illegitimate , and if you would hate the system and the constitution just as much if clinton or sanders had won . 
  those anti-trump protesters who consider themselves american patriots and proud of the us constitution should stick to just protesting his policies and possibly pushing for impeachment . 
  he won by the rules , so if you agree with the rules , there 's no illegitimacy . 
  there is nothing moderate about bringing genetics into * anything * politically , especially immigration and citizenship . 
  it does n't get much more far-right and neonazi than that . 
  no , i do sometimes get offended when people refer to regular conscripts as nazis . 
  a lot of them were n't . 
  most just fought and followed orders because they did n't have a choice , and even the ones who fell for the propaganda and thought of themselves as defending their homeland and family against godless raping communist russian hordes did n't necessarily agree on the nazi rule and all the atrocities . 
  calling them `` nazis '' instead of `` german soldiers '' is bad for two reasons : * it dehumanizes them and draws them as evil villains , when they mostly were just unlucky in what time and place they lived . 
  * it draws a distinction between nazis and `` regular people '' ( like today 's germans or your own family and neighbors ) where it does n't exist . 
  the true horror about the nazis was that they were `` regular good people '' who committed unthinkable atrocities . 
  framing them as an evil outside force or as monsters means neglecting our prime duty as post-nazi humanity to always be wary , always remember , and never let something like it happen again . 
   it also meant a lot more coins in the wallet , so many people bought new wallets that could hold more coins . 
  i am still a little mad that there 's no 5 $ coin . 
  our old 5dm coins were glorious and it felt so much better paying for a meal by just handing them one or two coins . 
  i was never a fan of paper , let alone plastic , money . 
  it 's a country in a country , not that weird . 
  germany is a country , too , and consists of 16 countries . 
  afaik scotland is not a state anymore since they joined the union with england , unlike the german countries , which are also states with their own constitution and with germany not having a say in whether or not they exist , or how they work internally . 
  i do n't know how exactly scotland 's institutions work and what power they hold , but unless i 'm mistaken , they exist `` at the mercy '' of the uk parliament , so parliament could legally disband them . 
  walking straight over it is legal unless you 're damaging the car . 
  they 're all closer to 1 because the chf , which was the cheapest , and is the one you 're comparing to the others , gained value . 
  also the gbp , which used to be the most expensive , had brexit happen to it . 
  the eur and usd always have been close to each other . 
   society is held together by common understandings and beliefs . 
  the most fundamental of which is not kicking anybody out of society . 
   once you kill someone , you violate those principles thus you are no longer a part of the society . 
  of course you 're a part of society , obviously not the most liked part of society , but you 're still a person interacting with other people , which is kind of what society means . 
   few people could sit calmly next to a murderer or interact with them , it 's a natural instinct to be cautious to those who could harm you . 
  * everybody * could harm you though . 
  tbh i would n't mind sitting next to a murderer if that person sees it as a wrong thing they did in their past . 
  i would be much more cautious sitting next to a neonazi for example , even if they have n't personally killed or seriously hurt anybody in their life . 
   and attempting to reduce murders by respecting murderers is probably just going to devalue human life and encourage more murders . 
  imho disrespecting people and kicking them out of society devalues human dignity and encourages more murders . 
  i do n't think lime fanta exists here anymore though . 
  note that in europe moped generally does n't refer to the electric ones , but to the classical fuel driven ones . 
  if you mean bicycles that are supported by an electric motor and have a battery , they 're sometimes called pedelec or just electric bike . 
  there are also a few electric scooter/moped like vehicles but they 're just starting to gain traction . 
  or original spezi from riegele in augsburg . 
  but paulaner is also fine , at least they got the decency to get the real name . 
  because they are still part of society , and society only works when it cares about all its members . 
  when you know someone is a murderer , you know they 've murdered in the past , which nobody can change anymore , no matter if you 're nice or mean . 
  what really matters , however , is not what they or you or anyone else did in the past , but what they and you and everybody else is going to do in the future , because that 's what your actions can still influence . 
  treating everybody respectful may help create a society that a lot of people respect , and where people do n't feel the need to kill other people . 
   * shakes fist at prussians * wan na team up with bavaria ? 
  could be a beautiful relationship : shaking fists at prussians all day , eating kn\u00f6del , drinking beer ... so romantic . 
  it 's not about deserving , it 's about getting them back into society . 
  if they have mental issues that do n't allow them a completely normal life , they need treatment , not punishment . 
  orangey , but different . 
  it has been a while since i 've had us fanta ( i think they sell it in parts of europe , too ) so i do n't remember the exact difference , but it was definitely noticeable . 
  there is a law that requires vending machines to check ids when selling alcohol or cigarettes , if they are accessible by minors ( i.e. 
  in a public place ) , that 's why they do n't generally have beer anymore . 
  afaik fanta here and in the us is completely different in all respects except the name . 
  it 's generally assumed you mean orange flavor , which is yellow colored ( not orange ) and tastes different from the us . 
  fanta is big in germany , partly because it was invented here . 
  during wwii , coca cola germany could n't get all the ingredients for coca cola , because germany and the us were at war with each other . 
  so they had to come up with a soft drink from the ingredients that were available , and were told to use their imagination ( german : phantasie ) , hence the name . 
  a form of council democracy would be optimal , including in the workplace , which is almost completely undemocratic in the current system . 
  well , i am not fond of representative democracy , but as it stands i will go out and vote for a ( relatively ) mainstream party in the next elections . 
  why ? 
  because unlike a few years ago , we now have a far right party as one of our six mainstream parties , and to me that 's pretty frightening . 
  i can no longer just stay home and say `` fuck those parties , i 'm not falling for their lies , the left ones are just as bad as the others '' . 
  now i have to go out and defend the system of mediocrity and lies we have against those that would like to replace it with a system of dictatorship , racism , violence , and possibly war . 
  pushing them under 5 % would be my goal , as that would mean they do n't get proportional representation , but even if that wo n't work ( they 're around 7 % to 9 % in polls ) , each seat they do n't get is a win for democracy . 
  yes , it 's not the perfect system , parts of it make me angry all the time , but it could be * a lot * worse . 
   if an american found out they were mostly of a certain european ethnicity like french or polish i think you 're confusing ethnicity with ancestry . 
  you ca n't `` find out '' your ethnicity . 
  your ethnicity is defined by whatever that ethnic group considers relevant factors , which often includes ancestry but is hardly ever solely defined by it . 
  for german , i 'd say one of the k.o. 
  criteria would be language . 
  there 's zero chance you 're ethnically german without being fluent in german ( any dialect counts though ) . 
  i think what you might have experienced was g8 , gymnasium in 8 years ( instead of 9 ) . 
  they tried to keep the level of education the same while cutting off one year . 
  i 'm happy to say it was a complete failure and they 've started to roll it back . 
  i 'm pretty sure the fake uniforms are to make fun about the military in general , as the whole point of carnival is to turn around social hierarchies , so religion and military could be mocked , while in other times they had to be obeyed . 
  of course french occupation played a role in the formation of such traditions , too , like all events in history influence everything that comes after in some way . 
  no , it had been there for centuries already . 
  i think by carbonated water they meant plain water with bubbles , and no other ingredients , certainly not salt or sugar . 
  he ( and montgelas ) play a major role in bavarian history books though . 
  i think the own country always gets special attention there . 
  in your berlin history books , that 's probably prussia , while bavaria probably only gets some minor attention . 
  in bavaria , prussia is n't `` us '' , it 's just another european power , like france , austria , russia , or britain . 
  our two chapters about napoleonic influence were called `` napoleon in europe '' and `` napoleon in bavaria '' . 
  that depends a lot on the state though . 
  bavaria for example was modernized * a lot * during the napoleonic era . 
  the whole internal structure of bavaria is until today strongly influenced by those reforms , for example the seven bezirke ( before wwii and in the constitution : kreise ) are modeled after french d\u00e9partements and were originally even named after rivers . 
  the code napol\u00e9on and simply the concept of having a state based on a constitution were pretty successful , too . 
  but i agree , the most important role he played in germany was being the occupying tyrant to unite against . 
  the political systems differ somewhat , but some points to consider : * why should the head of state and the head of government ( i.e. 
  of the executive branch ) be the same person ? 
  keeping those jobs separate is seen as a way to avert dictatorships . 
  * in most european countries , the executive and legislative branch are linked , so an extra check is n't a bad idea * having a monarch means you ca n't control who 's getting the job and you are stuck with them until they die , even if they 're an idiot * the last monarch we had was a man baby with an inferiority complex and mommy issues , who led us right into wwi * in countries like germany where the president is n't directly elected , there is no `` race '' or election campaign , so the president really does n't represent a party ( no single party could get a majority anyway ) but a much wider consensus, 
  the third point is the most interesting one . 
  first up , any fear of `` irreversible change '' is bullshit . 
  yes , there will be irreversible change because there * always * is irreversible change . 
  a lot of right wing ideology seems to be about bringing back the old days , which is just an impossible thing to do , because time travel does n't work , and because even in the old days , things were changing all the time and people were longing for * their * old days . 
  now , the thing with the birth rate is a number trick that does n't work the same way in reality . 
  it 's not in the immigrants ' blood that they have more children , it 's a cultural thing based on their economic systems . 
  when they come here , they get accessible health care , retirement funds , proper sex education , a `` low birthrate culture '' around them , etc.
