  everybody hates them . 
  no , racist is the correct word . 
  the nazis believed slavs were inferior because they were a different * race * . 
  there are no `` objective '' races , there is just racism , i.e. 
  people making up a distinction . 
  and different kinds of racists invent different kinds of races . 
  you ca n't just apply the american terms here . 
  yeah , lots of germans are n't really aware of that fact though . 
  it does n't help that there are a few cities where actual renaming happened . 
  this includes german names , the nazis invented some as well , and using those would indeed be offensive . 
   native english speakers are worst from my expirience . 
  i think it 's because english does n't have consistent spelling/pronunciation rules . 
  it 's all pretty arbitrary . 
  in almost all other languages , there 's a system to it , each letter or letter combination is a certain sound . 
  so when you get something in a foreign language , you try to figure their system out and once you get it you can more or less pronounce things correctly ( with a terrible accent , but still ) . 
  i think that many native english speakers approach foreign language pronunciation the way english works : on a word by word basis . 
  which makes it a lot harder to get anything right , of course . 
  how do you butcher that ? 
  that 's probably the only polish city i can pronounce ( or maybe i ca n't ) . 
  but three out of the four have german names , too , so when i speak german , i use those . 
  some people feel like it 's disrespectful to use those , but tbh i think someone from wroc\u0142aw would be more offended of me saying `` frotzwaff '' than `` breslau '' , especially when i 'm speaking german anyway . 
  sure , but there 's also some overlap . 
  i think there 's something that applies to all political and economic ideas : only a few theory loving people discuss the philosophical details of it , while a lot more generally `` feel '' the same way and agree on it when it 's put down in a short and concrete form , but do n't care about big and abstract talk and shelves full of books . 
  i would also say that it 's more common in berlin than in most of germany . 
  there 's also a noticeable influence in art and culture , by several artists who are either anarchist or at least strongly influenced by it , be it music ( die \u00c4rzte , kiz , etc ) , comedy ( marc-uwe kling ) , even children 's books ( janosch ) . 
  in my university most of the political groups ( except those linked to parties , and the economists ' one ) seem to be influenced by it , too . 
  umm ... mercedes is n't necessary some kind of luxury car . 
  lots of police cars in germany are mercedes , in my childhood nearly all taxis were mercedes and many still are . 
  i 'd say it 's also one of the largest brands for trucks and vans . 
  afaik they 're used for police and as cabs and the like because they tend to be reliable , and so even though they pay a little more in the beginning , they will have to pay less on repairs and not have to replace it as quickly as for some `` cheaper '' brands , that would in the end turn out more expensive . 
  ouch . 
   exactly . 
  before germans had contact with the roman latin-speakers , the word * germanen * did n't exist in the german vocabulary . 
  by the way , did you know that the dutch used to call themselves * diets * and the english used to call themselves * theodish * before ? 
  those two terms are cognate to * deustch * in german . 
  forgot to comment this . 
  that 's bs . 
  the word `` deutsch '' originally means `` of the people '' and is the name of the language . 
  the germanic tribes had their own names ( which later turned more into names of the areas they ruled ) , and germans are n't just descendants of those tribes but a mixture of them , celts , slavs , romans , and whoever else happened to pass through central europe . 
  the description of people as `` deutsch '' previously simply referred to their native language , and the term `` deutschland '' referred to the area where it was spoken , like `` anglosphere '' . 
  for medieval history , that includes dutch which formed a dialect continuum with german , and was only slowly seen as a different thing when they gravitated towards different written standards . 
  i have never heard of the english thing , but it may be as trivial as them calling themselves `` people '' or `` our people '' . 
  do you have anything to back up your claim that they considered themselves and germans/dutch the same `` thing '' , be it nation , tribe , or whatever ? 
  [ read this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsch_ ( etymologie \\ ) ) the word itself is old , sure , but any usage related to a language , a country , or a certain group of tribes is from the 10th century or later , long after christianization . 
  and afaik the term has never included england or scandinavia . 
  no , the distinction has always been there , at least in german . 
  the words are n't even remotely related . 
  one is a latin ( ? ), 
  word to describe a number of tribes , the other is a german ( ic ) word to describe the language . 
  i really do n't know how it is or was done in english , maybe the distinction was sometimes not made , but that 's simply ahistorical . 
  germany does not have a closer relationship to germanic tribes than england or the netherlands or scandinavia has . 
  not even much closer than france ( which is after all named after the franks ) . 
   except among hardcore right-wing nationalists ( then again , those might prefer the german or maybe a certain * older * flag ... ) . 
  this always feels a little weird to me . 
  german hardcore right-wing nationalists still sometimes prefer black-white-red . 
  i mean , i know the history of the flags , i know that black-white-red was chosen because the north german confederation and later the german empire did not cover everything that was considered to be `` germany '' at the time . 
  and that during the empire black-red-gold was used by right wingers who wanted austria in the empire . 
  but after wwi , when the flag was adopted , the meaning switched , and black-red-gold became a symbol of the republic , and nationalists , including the nazis , insisted on black-white-red . 
  how is it in austria ? 
  how do these austrian `` german nationalists '' think about modern , democratic and pluralistic germany ? 
  i assume by showing the german flag they 're not really cheering for the federal republic , but they mean something else . 
  probably if it digs deeper into becoming just an institution to promote neoliberalism . 
  other than that , not much . 
  i 'm pretty much for a democratic federal system . 
  of course , as in any federation , the central government should only have very restricted powers , and most things should be left to the member state . 
  i do n't think we need any deeper integration than , say , germany before wwi . 
  i think nationalism works differently in different countries . 
  in some countries ( i would assume in catalonia and scotland ) it is associated with the struggle against `` the oppressor '' , and trying to get independence . 
  in germany ( and i assume italy ) it was always about growing together , and unification , not independence . 
  so a `` great power '' is not who you they were fighting against , it 's what they wanted to become . 
  i think that sort of encourages aggressive foreign policy ( `` unifying '' even more people and areas ) . 
  i think i would like a system similar to [ switzerland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_federal_council ) , so commissioners should be chosen in a reasonable way to represent multiple countries ( small , large , different parts of the continent , etc. 
  ) , multiple parties , etc. 
  it 's not really codified in switzerland , but i think it should be to a certain degree in the eu . 
  yes , but the common gender is just masculine and feminine merged . 
  just like in romance languages neuter merged into masculine . 
  well , german genders are probably mostly the same as in old germanic , and i would assume similar to other germanic languages that still have them . 
  english has different word orders , too . 
  for example in questions it 's vso as in `` is that guy your friend ? 
  '' , sometimes ( prepositional ) objects are pulled in front of the subject for emphasis as in `` to me , it sounds like shit '' , and there are constructions that preserve v2 word order like german has and english probably used to have `` never have i been happier ! '' . 
  it 's really not a simple svo system like chinese has . 
  i do n't know if the words `` german tribes '' are used in english more , but in german , the words for germanic and german are strictly separate and unlike in english they do n't sound alike at all . 
  nobody considers those to be the same . 
  so of course we learn about germanic tribes , but mostly in the context of the roman empire . 
  in the end they brought it down and conquered most of europe , but then of course simply mixed with the local population and took on their religion and languages . 
  but there is nothing specifically german about them , except that their language was part of the same family , which btw also includes english . 
  all right , i did n't think you 'd actually go that far , but that idea is just insane , sorry . 
  base ten is far too ingrained into our languages and into our thinking , and a switch would bring too little benefit . 
  in many cases it 's not so important which standard you have exactly , but that there is one ( and preferably only one ) that is `` good enough '' for everybody to work with . 
  i mean , why the fuck else would we use english as a lingua franca . 
  the spelling is all over the place , the grammar consists of more exceptions than rules , there seem to be a million tenses , etc. 
  but we use it because it 's widely used and not significantly harder to learn than other languages would be . 
  country : bavaria ( makes little sense to treat germany as one country here , as education is not a domain of the federation ) . 
  it was very much focused on western and central europe . 
  i often feel like i do n't know enough about world history . 
  for example the whole pacific part of wwii was covered in one or two lessons while we learned about the european part in great detail . 
  i like how it was basically chronological in the first five years with some episodes of the recent past ( last three centuries ) highlighted for a second time in the last three years . 
  there was a noticeable focus on bavaria for at least the time from about 1600 or 1700 to 1871 and partly later , too . 
  kind of weird , especially since the area where i grew up was n't even in bavaria for a large part of that . 
  but of course understandable that the state wants to teach where it came from .
