  however we used to have a system with units of the same names ( in german , they 're translatable words ) . 
  or to be more exact , we had lots of systems . 
  each german state basically could set their own units , which generally differed a little . 
  often even inside a state , different cities had different measuring units . 
  the same was true for most of europe , germany was just even more of a patchwork than the rest , so the measuring units were also more `` patchworky '' . 
  after the holy roman empire was gone , german states founded different common organizations , one of them being the german customs union . 
  to ease trade , they standardized some new measuring units , most notably the pound . 
  ever since then , in germany a pound is considered to be exactly 500g = 1/2 kg . 
  when germany was finally unified in 1871 , the metric system was introduced and all the old units became obsolete . 
  * pound * ( pfund ) for 500g and * hundredweight * ( zentner ) for 50kg were used a little longer and are still sometimes used colloquially . 
  other units have survived in certain expressions , for example a folding ruler is sometimes called zollstock ( inch stick ) and sometimes meterstab ( meter stick ) , depending on region and personal preference , however , they never show anything other then meters , centimeters , and millimeters . 
  other expressions include `` meilenweit '' ( miles long , `` miles and miles '' , though german miles were much longer then us miles , about 7km ) for an unspecified long distance . 
  none of those is used for measuring . 
  you can sometimes still hear people order a ( half/quarter ) pound of something , but the scales will always just show grams , and people selling groceries by weight simply take it as another way to say 125g , 250g , or 500g . 
  but that 's it . 
  the quarter pounder is n't called quarter pounder here for exactly that reason : people would assume a quarter german/metric pound and so the burger would sound like a scam unless mcdonalds were to increase the amount of meat . 
  inches are used as standard sizes for some ( mostly technical ) things , but never used for measuring , it 's more like a shoe size number or something . 
  i had no idea what ounces are or that they even exist before i went to the us for the first time . 
  houses are definitely measured in square meters and babies in grams . 
  recipes are also in grams and milliliters , and if a recipe calls for cups or table spoons or tea spoons , we would usually think it 's a rough estimate and take out any cup , table spoon or tea spoon we have , we do n't have the special ( us customary sized ) measuring ones americans use , and most people would n't know such a thing even exists . 
  well , in germany , there 's a term quadratlatschen ( square sandals ) , which refers to huge shoes . 
  so if you hear to term square feet ( without being used to it as a measuring unit ) , you automatically think of huge , and possibly square shaped feet to go into those sandals . 
  not really . 
  when i was there , virtually all advertising outside , in metro stations , malls , etc. 
  was for milk . 
  no idea why , but somehow they wanted to get people ( who lived without it for millennia and seem to be healthy ) to buy `` low lactose '' milk . 
  i did n't get it , but then again , there was a lot of stuff i did n't get about china . 
  while i 'm quite critical of a lot of aspects of the eu ( policies , institutions , etc. 
  ) , i personally feel an extremely strong connection to it . 
  it 's just the way i grew up , going on vacation to different countries , knowing ( mostly from my parents , but also early holidays ) how annoying * actual * borders are , seeing them go away , then experiencing how weird and tedious it is having to use a different currency for each country , seeing that also go away , visiting [ europapark ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa-park ) several times , etc. 
  to me it always felt like a certainty that when i grow up the eu will be even closer connected , and that the wars , which my grandparents ' generation saw and my parents ' generation were afraid of would forever be history . 
  first in europe , then ultimately in the whole world ( because to me it just made sense that people from everywhere would form similar unions , which would then work together in a peaceful world federation ) . 
  of course i also assumed that poverty and pollution could be overcome , after all , if it 's possible to work together and overcome old differences , any human created problem is also solvable by humans . 
  same goes for nationalism , racism , etc. 
  obviously that was a little optimistic , and probably very much influenced by me also watching a lot of star trek , where such a `` perfect '' futuristic world exists , and again is federated with lots of other planets , again for peaceful cooperation . 
  however , i still feel like that is where we should go , where we have to go . 
  if the eu 's institutions are bad , that 's not a reason to secede , it 's a reason to make them better . 
  if the eu overregulates things , draw a clearer line , which issues it should have a say in , and which are solely regional issues . 
  however , also do all the things on the european level that belong there , like foreign relations . 
  if cdu tries to get us germans richer on the back of the poorest greeks , vote those fuckers out , protest on the street , show solidarity . 
  do n't let politicians and corporations destroy * our * , the european people 's , european unity !, 
  huh , interesting . 
  i had n't heard about that hypothesis . 
  just read the entire wikipedia page . 
  makes a lot of sense . 
  i 'm not really competent when it comes to farming , subsidies , or economy in general , but i would be ok with subsidies if they support a diverse agriculture of relatively small businesses who mostly sell regionally . 
  large-scale agriculture , monocultures , and factory farming are harmful to the environment . 
  i have n't thought this through , so bear with me , but maybe some of these : * subsidize organic farming only * tie subsidies to diversity , so instead of only a huge amount of ( say ) pigs , the same farmer should also grow grains , vegetables , etc. 
  * possibly set a maximum total amount per region that goes into any specific product , to encourage diversity . 
  * reduce subsidies for animal farming , which consumes a lot more land for growing fodder than simply directly growing food for people . 
  there are probably a lot more ( and most likely better ) ideas out there to reform the system , by people who actually know about the whole subject , but i think you can see the general direction . 
  i do n't really know how i feel about tariffs , i know too little about the subject . 
  in general i think agriculture should be mostly local , and food from other continents should be more like a luxury good than an everyday staple , simply to reduce the impact of all the shipping . 
  so i lean towards keeping tariffs . 
  but i 'm neither an economist nor an ecologist . 
  well , what you 're saying is mostly that we 're not there yet . 
  well , obviously we are n't . 
  but it 's imperative that we make steps in the right direction . 
  every rewildered area , every restored connection between forests is a little progress . 
  if we stopped overproducing and exporting certain agricultural goods , that would be a good step in the right direction . 
  more land becoming available , and it would at the same time reduce poverty of ( and migration from ) third world countries . 
  so no , i do n't think we can do this singlehandedly while keeping everything else as it is , but it is one place where progress and actual improvements can be made . 
  look at my other reply for a british article about it . 
  i 'm pretty sure germany exports lots of dairy products everywhere . 
  i 've personally seen it in china , but i 've read quite a few articles over the years , referring mostly to exports to africa and asia . 
  in the past , there were subsidies , but also a fixed production quota , so they would not overproduce . 
  after that has been lifted , dairy farmers basically have to grow their businesses to stay competitive ( because the price per liter of milk is too low ) , which leads to a huge overproduction , and also lots of protests by the farmers themselves . 
  all the additional dairy products have to be sold somewhere , and that 's certainly not only europe . 
  you will find a lot of articles about it online . 
  i just googled for a second and found [ this uk article ] ( https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/eu-subsidies-deny-africas-farmers-of-their-livelihood-478419.html ) . 
  as a personal anecdote , i was in a coffee shop in china and they just had a shipment of milk coming in ... from germany . 
  bears and wolves tend to stay away from humans when they can . 
  having large , connected forests allows them to do just that . 
  and the forests ca n't be `` full of them '' , there can only be so many in a certain area of forest . 
  the forest has to be large enough to support enough animals to feed a pack of wolves . 
  just look at north america : the climate and fauna is somewhat similar to europe , but there are still many `` wild '' areas left . 
  the people there do n't have to put up fences everywhere either . 
   just because we stop subsidies does n't mean we will stop exporting . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does . 
  no european farmer would produce for the prices the consumers in third world countries are paying . 
  it would be a net loss . 
  they can only afford to do it because in addition to the money they get out of selling , they get subsidies for producing . 
  i think it 's great . 
  the sentiment is generally positive , however in some affected areas it 's kind of mixed . 
  shepherds tend to not like wolves , since they do attack ( and kill , and eat ) sheep . 
  currently the state replaces all sheep who get killed by wolves , however i do n't know how many hoops they have to jump through to prove it was actually a wolf . 
  hunters are also not too fond of them . 
  it 's pretty funny , because their general line of argumentation is `` oh , i 'm totally protecting the environment , however since there are no large carnivores left , someone has to kill some deer to stop them from hurting the forest '' . 
  now that the carnivores are back , they 're like `` but ... i wanted to kill those deers . 
  stupid wolves ! '' . 
  meh , i prefer wolves over hunters tbh . 
  no , i 'm pretty much for locally grown food . 
  the import approach is basically just nimby and adds the resource waste ( which always hurts the environment/nature ) of transportation on top of the agriculture . 
  in that sense , we should however stop subsidizing it so much , especially large-scale `` industrial '' farming , so we at least do n't grow more than we consume ourselves and stop exporting so much . 
  currently eu subsidies lead to prices so low the local farmers in many third world countries ca n't compete with , which leads to them buying eu food , the money being sucked out of those countries , poverty , migration to richer countries ( often illegally under extremely dangerous conditions ) . 
  have n't looked into it specifically , but rewildering is absolutely necessary and i fully support it . 
  i would love to see europe going back to being mostly a gigantic forests with islands of human settlement and agriculture , instead of the other way around . 
  one leftist politician ( who is obviously not very fond of most us policies ) frequently suggests that we should introduce the `` american system '' when it comes to taxation : no matter where an american lives , they have to pay taxes to the us . 
  in nearly all other countries , only residents pay direct taxes , so rich people often move to tax havens to avoid having to pay their share . 
   migrant/refugee come on , even for a troll that 's a little obvious .
