  europe is huge !, 
  as for the long distance buses ( flixbus , probably similar to greyhound ) , i have used them before and i would n't say there are many tourists . 
  mostly it 's locals from one city ( or the area ) going to visit a friend or family member in another . 
  at least it seemed that way to me . 
  also they are cheap compared to anything else -- including regional trains or `` public buses '' . 
  this is not honduras after all . 
  about 15 $ , too lazy to count . 
  but when i go to the atm , i always get 100 $ , so i 'm running pretty low right now . 
  i think the main reason why most german carry a lot of cash is that paying with plastic is not very popular here , i do n't like it either . 
  my bank should n't know where i shop , they know enough already . 
  so when people go grocery shopping for the whole week , they may need a decent amount of cash . 
  pretty sure that 's false . 
  or do you have sources ? 
  afaik frau ( frouwa ) used to be only for noble women while weib ( w\u00eep ) was for women in general . 
  there is a general trend that terms for women tend to acquire a negative connotation over time , due to misogyny . 
  other ( german ) ones include magd , dirne . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  how come you have such a strange obsession with political parties in different countries ? 
  and how come you fucking think parties organize around ethic groups ? 
  they do n't . 
  also , i do n't even know what your post is about ? 
  is it a suggestion to from new parties ? 
  they are not something you could `` reorganize '' by a decision from anyone , they are shaped by their members who decide to go in one direction or another . 
  i do n't consider myself either , because those terms are pretty stupid . 
  there are people who are anti-abortion ( the correct term , not `` pro-life '' ) , and in my personal opinion those people are terrible . 
  they should stick to their own problems and shut up , * especially * if they never had to make a terribly hard choice in their lives . 
  it is imho not acceptable behavior to try to govern other people 's bodies . 
  there are people who want abortion to be legal and accessible and i would call myself one of them . 
  in germany , abortion is technically illegal but under certain conditions it is not in any way punishable , so in practice it is pretty accessible . 
  most people , on both sides , can live with this compromise . 
  i guess the majority of the population would like to officially legalize it , but a few hardcore conservatives would cry and since it practically would n't change anything -- it 's accessible already -- nobody really cares enough . 
  yes , arte is great . 
  if there were something similar for all of europe , that 'd be great , although more languages would make it more complicated . 
  for germany , austria and ( german speaking ) switzerland there 's also 3sat , but that is mostly just a mixture of the three countries ' public programs . 
  and single language , of course . 
  but still nice to see different perspectives . 
  edit : of course the content should be permanently available online , too . 
  tv as broadcast only does n't have a big future imho . 
  i did n't show a picture . 
  but yeah , i completely believe you . 
  from my experience , pancakes are a general european/western thing and only the details differ . 
  american ones are small and thick , french ones ( professional , not necessarily home-made ) are large and thin . 
  german ones are kind of in the middle , and mostly exist home-made ( so they ca n't be larger than your largest pan ) . 
  we do n't really have many pancake/cr \u00eapes restaurants/stands . 
  they had some part of it , but i think ( i just wrote down what i remembered ) , it was mostly the south-vietnamese guerilla ( `` viet-cong '' ) , with some support form the north-vietnamese military . 
  from what i remember : * first it was a classical , successful , anti-colonial war against the french . 
  vietnam was split up in a leninist north and a ( more or less ) fascist south . 
  * elections were scheduled for a unified vietnam , but the south cancelled them because they feared the communist party would win . 
  * south vietnamese population rightfully gets angry and starts a war against their dictatorship . 
  * usa take an anti-election and pro-dictatorship stance and help the southern government fight their own population , break international law by using the banned weapons napalm and agent orange . 
  people still die from the poisoning . 
  * against all odds , the people of south vietnam fight off the aggressors ( who had destroyed the country though ) and unify their country . 
  the war had quite an impact in west germany as it ended the post-war period when the us were seen as liberators who selflessly brought democracy and the marshall plan . 
  now many of their post wwii `` lessons '' like * do n't invade countries to spread your ideology * and * do n't commit war crimes * seemed hypocritical . 
  this played into the whole 68er movement and increased their anti-american sentiments . 
  you 're either delusional or a troll . 
  nobody cares about hindus in european politics , it 's just too small a group . 
  the conservatives had a slogan `` children , not indians '' against an immigration program of the social democrats . 
  i do n't know shit about indian politics , i just told you about germany . 
  here the conservatives and liberals are usually considered more corrupt than the socialists . 
  in general cdu/csu and fdp are considered more corrupt , as they had more corruption scandals and they are more `` business friendly '' and get larger donations from industry . 
  for example , the fdp got a large donation from the hotel industry and immediately after the next election pushed for lowering the tax rate on hotel stays . 
  for spd it 's a little less , greens even less than that and the left is not really considered corrupt at all . 
  not to say that there are n't lots of people who dislike the left or hate them or are afraid of them . 
  but corruption is n't the issue they 're concerned about . 
  germany . 
  i do n't know what people make at home , but at least the french cr\u00eapes you can buy on the street are larger and thinner than german pancakes . 
  and they 're folded , not rolled like ours . 
  but yeah , the general idea is the same . 
  what i was trying to say is that , at least in my experience , the left is generally seen as * a lot less * corrupt ( or not at all ) . 
  the right wingers are seen as more corrupt . 
  so if corruption were an important factor , the left ( and any newcomer ) would profit . 
  also , while i 'm sure it exists in all parties to an extent , the conservative and ( right ) liberals are generally considered more corrupt here . 
  there is a sort of right wing anti-modern global movement that includes both jihadists and islamophobes , but i do n't think they 'll stand a chance in most of europe . 
  i 'm honestly interested if that 's the case though . 
  i know `` die linke loves putin '' is a popular meme , but when did any of their politicians actually talk or act that way ? 
  i remember schr\u00f6der in the spd ( calling putin a spotless democrat ) , but not really anyone specific on the left side . 
  meh , not really though . 
  i 'd say 70 % or more of the population would never vote afd . 
  and those who do often do n't give a fuck what afd stands for , they just want to annoy the `` established '' politicians and voting afd is currently the easiest way to do so . 
  i do n't mean to downplay , they are a serious threat . 
  but i do n't think there are that many actual putin fans out there . 
  most people never use english in germany . 
  all relevant ( and irrelevant ) media is in german , including application software , internet , tv , print , radio . 
  it 's a school subject like any other , e.g. 
  math , some remember only basics , some know it well . 
  as for loan words , advertising and product names , english is popular . 
  simply for the reason that plain , simple , understandable words ( german ) do n't sound as exciting as kind of understandable ( or semi-guessable ) but very international sounding ones ( english ) . 
  but certainly german is not being used less , except maybe in very international companies that would have operated in french 200 years ago . 
  i do n't know many , but english is really weird . 
  weird set of vocabulary , weird spelling/pronunciation , weird grammar `` rules '' . 
  everything seems to be a special case , i 'd think most other languages are much more systematic . 
  yeah , i think germany is `` special '' about secret voting , as in pre-nazi germany and in the gdr you could optionally vote in secret , but you could also do it openly . 
  nazi paramilitary tried to scare people into openly voting for the nsdap , and the east german secret police took notes on who did n't openly vote for the socialist bloc , to spy on them as possible enemies of the state . 
  that 's why in modern germany , it is illegal not to vote secretly . 
  i 'd guess , in a healthy democracy it 's not as necessary though . 
  being offensive is not illegal . 
  inciting ( violent ) hatred is . 
  which is something i would n't want to do anyway , so i never think about those laws before i write . 
  this includes holocaust denial , so if you are a racist and antisemitic conspiracy nut , you may be concerned about your perceived lack of free speech .
