  it 's notably * not * pilsner , which is the most common kind of beer in central and northern germany . 
  back then prices were about 2,50 $ for half a litre . 
  i do n't go to pubs very often anymore , so i do n't really have a favorite kind . 
  drinking at home is much cheaper ... and sadder . 
   alternatively , if the uk keeps its agreements with ireland about open borders - that 's a massive hole in those borders we just voted to `` take control of '' and would be problematic domestically . 
  is it ? 
  i mean , switzerland is in schengen , which means there are no border controls . 
  but eu citizens ca n't just move to switzerland or work there . 
  the opposite situation of what uk and ireland have now , where you have to show your passport , but if you 're an eu citizen , you can stay . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , it can still keep open borders with ireland , which means that eu citizens could still easily enter the uk from the republic of ireland , but they could n't work or stay . 
  i mean , are there actually hardcore-brexiters who would try to stop people from the eu entering the uk as tourists or travelers ? 
  i always thought it was about immigration and those evil foreign people taking their jobs . 
   for merkel to lose ( preferrably to someone who is more right-aligned ) sorry to crush your dreams , but merkel * is * the right-aligned candidate . 
  what ? 
  how is that even a reply ? 
   if you seek shelter from war , then you are willing to give up on everything you had and not cherry-picking places like they do right now going mostly to the countries with the best social : germany , sweden . 
  france or the uk . 
  ok , now you are mixing up your two different racist stereotypes . 
  if people come to live off welfare , they wo n't go amok and kill lots of people . 
  if people are sneaking in to carry out an attack , they wo n't really care so much about the welfare system , they will go to the place they hate the most . 
  you do n't need welfare money when you can get those 72 virgins . 
  obviously isis hates germany for accepting refugees . 
  it goes against their ideology . 
  they have no real reason i can think of why they would hate poland though . 
   we do have muslim minority : tatars , but they integrated somehow into our society over time . 
  according to ( german ) wikipedia , there are only about 30000 muslims in poland , not a significant number . 
  5000 of them are tartars . 
  are you kidding me ? 
   say whatever you want , but it 's you who gon na pay with blood for your tolerance . 
  not sure if you 're trying to threaten me ... 
  what would isis gain from an attack in poland ? 
  their strategy for europe is to separate muslims from western culture , in order to achieve that they want to stop acceptance of muslims in western culture , they want to spread the idea that islam and western democracy are fundamentally incompatible , that true muslims should not and can not be productive members of european societies , that european societies would never accept muslims as equals , they want to scare non-muslims into hating muslims , into voting right-wing parties , etc. 
  there would n't be much to gain from attacking poland , as their favorite party is already in power , already telling the world that muslims should n't come to poland , already doing their job for them and there are n't that many examples of well integrated polish muslims ( their nightmare ) to begin with . 
  there are aspects about the swiss system that are great : * strong federalism ( meaning most things are decided locally ) * local ( ! ), 
  referendums * no single head of state or head of government * no real split between ruling parties and opposition because all large parties are always part of the executive i 'm more skeptical about referendums on the federal level . 
  the larger the area/population such a referendum spans , the more it will just turn into a populist shit show . 
  switzerland may still be small enough for it to work reasonably . 
  i do think there should be a referendum on far reaching decisions like changing the constitution or signing an international treaty , but it should n't be decided by the referendum only . 
  i do think the swiss system of federalism ( while being great in most respects ) is not as good as the german or eu one in one point : it lacks the german bundesrat or eu council of ministers . 
  those are legislative bodies , but instead of representatives voting bound by only their conscience , the member states ( represented by their government ) directly vote in it . 
  this is very different from the swiss st\u00e4nderat or the us senate , whose members are basically regular representatives whose constituency happens to be one of the member countries . 
  personally , i think the way to go for a larger area would be a multi-level federal system . 
  otherwise the gap between different levels would be too large . 
  i picture a eu whose members are ( large ) countries like germany , whose members are ( smaller ) countries like bavaria , whose members are bezirke like schwaben , whose members are either cities like augsburg or landkreise consisting of smaller towns . 
  of course a large city like berlin would either be ( like today ) a smaller country or one level below that . 
  decisions should be made in the lowest practical level , which means eu should be only for foreign relations , defense , defining standards ( although that should preferably be mostly done a level higher -- globally ) , immigration , basic environmental and social regulation ( as in minimal standards you have to provide ) and to define basic rights that no member on which ever level should be able to take away . 
  basically all other things , like the welfare systems , most taxes , education , policing , etc. 
  should be done on one of the lower levels , possibly even on different levels in different countries . 
  france may be still more centralized than germany if they like to , for example . 
  countries ( or lower level bodies ) could and should cooperate in those issues , but it should be entirely voluntary . 
  everything should be bottom up . 
  i think you are underestimating the current level of european integration . 
  within most of the eu ( + some more countries ) , borders look no different than us state lines : just a road sign telling you about which county you 're entering . 
  there is also free movement , so any eu citizen can already move to any eu country and enjoy the local level of social welfare ( more or less ) . 
  the main difference would be a common foreign policy , which i think is necessary for an area that internally already largely works like a single country . 
  and i would like more democratic control over eu institutions . 
  any system that manages to get g\u00fcnther oettinger into the european commission has serious flaws . 
  sure , but abolishing healthcare and other welfare systems is a liberal policy , and us republicans seem to be more into it than our liberals , so it 's certainly not something where anyone ( let alone the european far-right ) could out-liberal them . 
  well , the only ones who are in favor of significantly reducing it are liberals though , so i would say in that regard , us republicans are more liberal than our liberals . 
  no , because we are basically used to that . 
  there were so many bombs dropped during ww2 that it 's still not uncommon for one to be found whenever some construction is going on . 
  although most people have never had to evacuate themselves , everybody knows the whole procedure from the numerous times bombs were found near them in the past . 
  it 's common knowledge that there is still a chance those things are going to blow up , so it 's quite sensible to evacuate the area . 
  conversely , i do n't think too many people panic about it either , they know that if they just leave calmly there is no danger to them . 
  cdu 's concept was `` soziale marktwirtschaft '' ( `` social market-economy '' ) , which was supposed to be a middle ground between the free market the liberals ( fdp ) wanted and `` socialism '' in the sense of state ownership and central planning of major industries as it was favored by the social democrats ( spd ) at the time . 
  the idea was to keep capitalism alive but strictly regulate it and guide it politically . 
  high taxes for the rich were supposed to keep wealth inequality low . 
  there was n't that much welfare yet , but of course at the time it was relatively easy to find a sufficiently well paying job , as there was full employment . 
  shelf toilet best toilet . 
  obviously i was joking , too . 
  four genders times four cases could be up to sixteen articles . 
  we just have six or so , but they seem to be assigned randomly . 
  no , die becomes der . 
  das becomes dem , like der . 
  pretty straightforward . 
  no no no . 
  you ca n't contrast monarchy with democracy . 
  european monarchies are democracies , the monarch has no say ( at least in practice ) in the countries ' policies . 
  elected politicians do that work , just like in european republics . 
  you might want to pick another castle to burn down , neuschwanstein belongs to the republic ( of bavaria ) and creates quite some revenue for them that they can spend for republic things . 
  btw the bavarian royals moved on to [ brewing beer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c3%b6nig_ludwig_schlossbrauerei ) instead of running the state . 
  i can live with that . 
  i was late , too . 
  i 'm glad someone still read it . 
   by ` spontaneous ' i meant nations like the frenchmen and the englishmen , i.e. 
  populations that shared centuries of common past , a common language , and one clear capital city ... 
  so you basically mean top-down systems ? 
  for example switzerland is ( mostly ) bottom-up , and it has neither a capital city nor a common language , but a very strong and unique national identity . 
  i think the word `` sovereign '' does n't make very much sense in a federal system . 
  i do n't really know at which point people would start calling the eu a federal state instead of a transnational organization . 
  but i would like to see the eu acting more as a bloc internationally . 
  it just does n't make sense for individual member states to have their own foreign policies , because we 're all too closely linked for that . 
  i do n't think the eu should have a lot more influence on domestic issues though , there does n't have to be a common educational system , a common criminal code , common tax laws , etc. , but maybe there could be some minimal common standards for all of those . 
   i fail to see the connection as i said , it 's a legend , it has no base in reality . 
   my vague school memories remind me that neither the holy roman empire nor the prussian confederation contributed to the creation of a unified german national identity that involved all of the people that today are called germans . 
  i do n't know what you mean by prussian confederation , there has never been such a thing . 
  the hre pretty much was what people called germany at the time though . 
  who the fuck needs a `` unified '' national identity ? 
  there has never been one . 
  would n't make sense in a federal system like germany or the eu anyway .
