  we learned the british spelling ( sorry , that 's what we call it ) but were free to use the american one , too . 
  i think at some point we were supposed to not mix them within the same text , but i think i still do . 
  luxembourg does n't consider itself to be a german speaking country . 
  belgium does to a certain degree , and afaik they have some unique features , like still using fr\u00e4ulein officially . 
  yes , but the term alemanic is only used for dialects spoken in what used to be baden . 
  the alemanic dialects of w\u00fcrttemberg and bavaria are called swabian exclusively . 
  it goes back to the rivalry between baden and w\u00fcrttemberg , and to the term `` swabian '' gaining a negative connotation . 
  i know swabian , but swiss dialect still takes me a while to get used to , especially the vowels and the melody are still very different . 
  for northern germans , swiss dialect ( which is used a lot more widely than dialects in germany ) must sound like a foreign language . 
  even within germany , there are some differences , also in official usage . 
  like when i had to sign that i had n't `` ben\u00fctzt '' other sources than the listed ones when handing in something in my bavarian gymnasium , which you would n't hear in the north . 
  and it would make it impossible to vote anonymously . 
  but you have fptp voting which means while the other parties technically exist , they do n't get a say , and voting for them ( instead of the `` less bad '' major party ) actually helps your political opponent . 
  the situation is hardly comparable . 
  we definitely learned and sung the bavarian one in school . 
  and for official occasions in bavaria it 's played whenever the german one is played , too . 
  i mean , just because several german countries joined together , they 're still countries and still have their anthems . 
  just like germany did n't abolish its anthem when it joined the eu . 
  yes , but the context we were talking about was germany , where that simply is n't the case . 
  see the link above . 
  okay , but what are you trying to tell me ? 
  that in other countries there are more homophobic muslims than in germany ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  yeah , people of the same religion can have very different ideas in different parts of the world . 
  check out ugandan christians ' ideas about homosexuality if you want another example than the one you gave . 
  yeah , that 's why they mostly support gay marriage . 
  how dare they not integrate into our chancellor 's opinion of marriage being for mixed gender couples only . 
  / s / r/europe/comments / 3bby7v/60 _ of_religious_muslims_approving_gay_marriage_in /, 
  does n't no-go area mostly refer to places with a lot of neonazis or other racists , where people of color may not want to go . 
  there was quite some discussion about those during the 2006 world cup . 
  yep , i actually never understood why they did n't give the euro ten times the value they chose . 
  i mean numbers would just be smaller and simpler to handle , and they had the opportunity right there , creating a brand new currency . 
  granularity below 10c is n't really useful in everyday life anyway . 
  i pretty much am . 
  i use my card only to get cash from the bank . 
  the only exception is when i forgot to pick up money and i only notice at the checkout ( which is rare ) . 
  then i will use my card , but it will make me feel dirty . 
  personally , i 'm not even really happy with banknotes , i much prefer coins . 
  but the euro does n't have coins of reasonable value ( 5/10/20 $ ) . 
  you ca n't make up a distinction between germany and austria in 1777 . 
  before the german empire was founded in 1871 , `` germany '' was simply the area in central europe that was primarily german speaking , or possibly an informal name for the holy roman empire . 
  so by both possible definitions , all of modern day austria was a part of `` germany '' then . 
  i 'm pretty sure even in cdu and fdp they call each other * du * , but it 's * freunde * instead of * genossen * , at least in party conventions and the like . 
  in speeches to party members , they will more often than not call the audience * ihr * , when talking to the public they will call them * sie * . 
  of course when they are talking to the bundestag or otherwise in a public ( not party ) function , they will use * sie * . 
  one more thing about german : whenever you use the first name or a nickname , it 's * du * . 
  when you use * herr/frau * + last name or a title , it 's * sie * . 
  there are only very few exceptions . 
  so in online forums , reddit , clubs of any kind , political parties , the members address each other with * du * . 
   an insurance-based healthcare system you seem to be referring to germany . 
   is part of that system that entrenches poverty small part though , if any at all . 
  the cutbacks on labour rights play a far bigger role . 
   in a country that falsely believes itself to be the champion of social mobility . 
  trust me , nobody here thinks we 're great in social mobility . 
   so imagine that tomorrow in germany there are 3 million of illegal immigrants like happens in the us , who would pay for that ? 
  germany does n't have a tax funded `` free '' health care system , so germany would be a really bad example . 
  nevertheless , i think there * should * be freely accessible health care for everybody . 
   and btw , poor citizens do pay taxes . 
  they obviously pay less , cause thats how a country works , you pay what you can , but they still pay some . 
  illegal immigrants also pay taxes . 
  everybody pays vat for example . 
  they just do n't pay income tax , just like other people with no significant income . 
   hmm , cause an illegal immigrant is not paying taxes ? 
  and without taxes , who is going to fund that healthcare system ? 
   just like i said , neither do poor citizens . 
  it 's not about taking care of everybody in the world , it 's about taking care of everybody * in your country/area * . 
  and so far i have n't ever seen numbers that suggest illegal immigrants are a major financial burden on the health care system , as in , it would get more expensive or less useful for everybody else . 
   you can not provide free healthcare to all the illegal immigrants like we do , cause you will end up destroying the system because illegal immigrants get sick all the time or what ? 
  how is an illegal immigrant any different with regards to health care than a legal citizen who happens to be too poor to pay much in themselves ? 
  they 're all people , and if they need treatment , they need treatment . 
  body functions , pain , disease , etc. 
  do n't care about your passport . 
   do you believe that humans have a right to healthcare yes , absolutely . 
   and that the world 's governments should provide it ? 
  depends . 
  i do n't necessarily think it should be done directly by the government , because that could also mean we 're just one bad election away from losing it completely . 
  of course there has to be some legal framework to make sure everybody is covered , but it should be controlled by an independent entity ( or several ones ) that does n't have to answer directly to any minister or any other part of the executive branch . 
  depends on how you would define a `` major choice '' and `` unappealing '' . 
  i do n't think there is any party that would adequately represent my interests if they were elected . 
  but that 's not necessarily a problem on the side of the parties/politicians -- i do n't wish for `` better leaders '' or something like that -- but it 's a necessary consequence of the whole system . 
  the government has certain interests , like having extended powers , that are not the interests of the people whom they govern . 
  that leads me to not expecting too much of them anyway , but i still vote , because not voting does n't help either . 
  we have a ( currently ) six party system with proportional representation , so it 's not `` the lesser of two evils '' . 
  maybe the least of six evils . 
  of course they are all unappealing in their own way , but some are so bad that you have to support one of the others . 
  or , simply * die partei * , because it 's * sehr gut * . 
  basically yes . 
  the machines in supermarkets spit out a receipt with a bar code . 
  when you 're at the checkout , you give them the receipt and it gets subtracted from the total price . 
  if you return a lot of bottles and do n't buy anything or just something small , you will actually get money instead of paying . 
  in smaller shops or dedicated beverage stores ( those are huge here ) , you just hand them your empty bottles/cases with no machine involved . 
  of course it 's not $ but $ . 
  you may have rights that you would n't have in the us . 
  they depend on the country , but may include : * affordable healthcare * some income even if you 're unemployed * right to roam ( on other people 's property ) * not being executed * not being locked up indefinitely * not having your name/picture published against you will * not being fired for no reason as a eu citizen , you can vote in municipal and european elections even outside your country . 
  and of course , you can move to and work in any eu country . 
  what you should do to integrate : learn the language oft the place where you want to live . 
  about college : the educational system is different in every country . 
  in germany basically all universities are of similar quality and nearly free . 
  but it 's not easy to get in , and even if you do , your chances of graduating are about 50:50 . 
  it 's tough .
