  yup , just like us libertarians . 
  in germany they like to talk about those issues sometimes , but they prefer coalitions with the cdu and that 's about the first bargaining chip they will sacrifice . 
  that 's why we had a vice chancellor who was in a civil union and talked about his `` husband '' , but we still do n't have marriage equality . 
  no , for conservative . 
  in germany , austria and possibly some other countries , christian conservatives ( cdu , csu , \u00d6vp ) are associated with the color black . 
  this probably goes back to priests and pastors being dressed all black . 
  anarchists also use black , but of course they 're not on the ballot . 
  iirc martin schulz gave a speech where he said that `` the blacks are bad for us and we need to get them out '' or something similar . 
  sounded pretty racist , but of course he was just referring to merkel and her party , and to getting them out of office . 
  several reasons : * they started out as right liberal/conservative eurosceptics with no obvious racism . 
  * they have consistently used blue as the main color of their logo and posters and the like from the very beginning . 
  since colors are extremely important for parties here , new parties will generally feature a color in their corporate design , and that 's what tends to be used . 
  there are exceptions though . 
  red is the traditional color of the spd , however they also use purple a lot in their advertising . 
  when the left party was founded , they also used red and still use that everywhere and no purple at all . 
  still , in graphs the spd is always red and the left is usually purple , sometimes dark red . 
  guns are not really an issue that comes up here , but liberals are generally the ones who want the market to fix things , and want less regulation . 
  so if there would be a new gun law calling for stricter control , they would probably be among the ones opposing it . 
  nowadays , basically all countries in the world use decimal currency . 
  in most cases , the conversion factor is 100 , but in some cases 10 and 1000 are also used ( i think ) . 
  the us was one of the first countries ( even the first ? ), 
  to introduce such a system . 
  the uk and some countries historically linked to them kept their old system until the 60s . 
  one pound ( # ) was 20 shillings ( s ) , one shilling was 12 pence ( d ) . 
  consider having 517 cents or 517d . 
  in the us , you could say `` 517 cents '' or `` five dollars and 17 cents '' or `` five point one seven dollars '' , written $ 5.17 . 
  you do n't need conversions , you will sometimes even read one of those and say another . 
  in the old british system ... well , a pound is 240d , so i 'll subtract two of those 480d ... all right , i have 37d left , so i can subtract 3s ( 36d ) and have 1 left ... alright , so it 's 2/3/1 . 
  now calculate 20 % interest in both systems . 
  if you 're thinking now : well that 's stupid , adding all those unnecessary conversions , makes you calculate things all the time and does n't give you any benefit whatsoever , you know how we feel when confronted with us measurements . 
  it does n't matter if you write 180cm or 1.80 m just like it does n't matter if you write $ 1.80 or 180 cents . 
  most ( ? ), 
  countries other than the us introduced decimal currency and metric measurements mostly at the same time , and for the same benefits . 
  in germany both were introduced around the time when the empire was founded in 1871 . 
   american libertarians use yellow , and the green party uses green . 
  so our colors must seem odd to europeans . 
  american libertarians are basically the same as european liberals , just maybe a bit more radical . 
  the term `` liberal '' is used differently in europe and the us , we generally consider them as either centrist or right wing , but definitely not leftist . 
  yeah . 
  it stems from the uniform of their paramilitary force , the sa . 
  it 's not really a code that they themselves used or that neonazis use , just like the term nazi itself . 
  it 's pretty common to hear `` brown ideology '' and similar terms . 
  when people are called `` brown '' , it generally is n't their skin color but their ideology . 
  the same is sometimes even true for the term `` black '' which can lead to confusion sometimes . 
   what are the colors in france ? 
  not just in france but afaik in all of europe ( center and far ) left parties use red , because they grew out of the workers ' movements which has used red flags for a long time . 
  in maps and the like different shades of red , pink , purple are used for different left parties . 
  blue definitely is on the right side of the spectrum , in germany the center right is black and the ( new ) far right is blue , which is a great success for them , as previous far right parties had been depicted as brown , the nazi color . 
  there are some more color codes , like yellow for liberals and green for greens ( not surprising ) . 
  ok , but was n't it illogical of the us to be one of the first places in the world to introduce decimal currency ? 
  and was n't it illogical of the rest of the world to follow them in that regard ? 
  the old systems where you 'd get a shilling/groschen/whatever for twelve pennies must have been far superior to those american cents and dimes , right ? 
   only terrorist attacks . 
  oh please stop that bs . 
  we had a lot of non muslim terrorism here too , not too long ago . 
  actually we still do have a lot more neonazi attacks than jihadi ones . 
  terrorism happens because of ideologies , and jihadism is one of them . 
  you do n't need to be from a mena country or have a muslim background to become a jihadist . 
  quite a few of those are german born , christian/atheist raised convertites . 
  just deal with the fact that we do n't necessarily prefer americans over other immigrants . 
  i 'm pretty much pro free movement for everybody , but as long as we do n't have that , i do n't see why we should treat you guys better than other people . 
  i mean , looking just at berlin , who annoys me more : syrian families or american hipsters ? 
  hint : it 's the ones who seem to not be willing to integrate , and the syrians are integrating just fine ( especially the kids ) . 
  also , you say that americans should be allowed to come because they do n't like their politicians and would like a better welfare system . 
  well , that 's the thing the people from mena are after , too . 
  and also not getting their head cut off by isis of course . 
  i do n't see what makes americans special . 
  yeah , this is something the eu should really have stood up for . 
  croatians need a visa for the us , fine , us citizens need a visa for all eu countries . 
  or , just to pull their leg , only south carolinians need a visa . 
  well , you could also argue that modern germany is very much defined by being a new beginning after wwii . 
  in that respect , the gdr one , mentioning the rebuilding and commitment to peace , would be much more appropriate than some 19th century song . 
  to reduce overlap . 
  it 's supposed to help reduce overcrowded vacation spots , roads , etc. 
  one thing op did n't mention is that bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg are always late ( from late july to middle of september ) because they have two weeks of pentecost holidays in early summer . 
  afaik the other states take turns with their summer holidays . 
  holidays , and basically everything else related to education , is states ' business and therefore varies greatly within germany . 
  the federal government has no authority to interfere there . 
   are there some careers , ( i 'm thinking pedagogy in particular ) , that are considered `` vocational '' in your country that are not in the us ? 
  yes . 
  the child care professionals in day care ( ? 
  in german kindergarten or kindertagesst\u00e4tte ) for example . 
  nurses are another common example . 
  really , most practical careers are vocational . 
  i would say they are well respected . 
  i am in university but i think the vocational sector is the more important one , and the better way to teach actual work related skills . 
  in a way , the system has been the way it is now since the middle ages , simply because it works . 
  in some fields you can still see the old traditions , [ travelling carpenters ] ( https://img.shz.de/img/nordfriesland-tageblatt/crop9777436/1386395248-cv16_9-w596/23-70912237-23-70912239-1432312210.jpg ) being the most famous example . 
  every system has its own biases . 
  and the us is far from being a one party dictatorship , power is switching back and forth between the two major parties . 
  if you want to change the system , get involved in the political process . 
  if you think that 's impossible because it has become a dictatorship , start a revolution . 
  i mean , it 's your government , and it 's your responsibility to change it . 
  there are of course muslims who are left wing and antifascist , but those are usually secular or even completely irreligious and just get thrown in a box with actual muslims because some people ca n't imagine non-muslim arabs . 
  when you say `` radical muslims '' i 'm thinking of religious nutjobs , of far right islamist groups ranging from the muslim brotherhood all the way to isis . 
  those are obviously the opposite of left-wing and `` antifa '' . 
  quite a few antifas from europe went to join ypg in syria , the mostly kurdish far left socialist , secular and feminist group that 's currently kicking isis ' ass , with huge support from the us ( both obama and trump ) . 
  so something about your coordinate system seems to be a little off . 
  anti-americanism is a separate issue independent of the whole left/right issue . 
  it 's extremely common in the far right .
