  they stopped speaking german at home , brought up their children in french , and often refused to talk to german tourists in german ( even though they were native speakers ) . 
  i think the young generation who grew up in the age of franco-german friendship ( the grandchildren or great-grandchildren of the war generation ) sees things differently . 
  i hope they can get back to ( their own interpretation of ) having the `` best of both worlds '' . 
  they may learn german to reconnect with the language their grandparents grew up with ( although standard german and alsatian dialect differ significantly ) , connect with their neighbors just across the border , have better opportunities to work and study in places like freiburg and karlsruhe right at their doorstep , etc. 
  yay !, 
  having grown up in bavaria , i do n't really see that . 
  if there is a sort of `` monoculture '' in most of germany , it 's not from federalism failing to preserve local culture and sovereignty , but rather from ( centralist ) prussian dominance . 
  add to that the centralism in the nazi era and in the gdr . 
  many of the german states are n't really that old , and all except bavaria contain areas that used to be part of prussia . 
  so germany before and during wwi was n't a federal country ? 
  each member state kept their monarch ( if they had one ) , the larger ones also kept their individual military forces , kept having foreign relations , etc. 
  are you sure you understand the difference between federalism and centralism ? 
  umm ... no . 
  the other way around . 
  it would n't make sense if hohenzollern would try to achieve independence from bw because they 're well integrated in the area and there is n't a cultural boundary . 
  same with oberpfalz , they 're usually even considered part of altbayern ( along with oberbayern and niederbayern ) because they also speak a bavarian dialect ( and had been under wittelsbacher rule for a long time anyway , but that 's less important ) . 
  just like i have n't seen a movement for hohenzollern independence in bw , i have n't seen one for oberpfalz independence in bavaria . 
   bavaria do n't have referendums . 
  ] ( https://www.stmi.bayern.de/suk/wahlen/volk/index.php ) edit :  bavaria might seam to be a special case but in the end they do n't allow referendums by them selves since they could actually face the problem of regions like oberpfalz , schwaben and franken leaving it as soon as they would start to construct referendums especially such with the ability to change the ( bavarian ) constitution and by this open the way to secession . 
  all of this areas are still unhappy that napoleon parted them from their historical boundaries and gave them to bavaria , the congress in vienna kept it that way , where they still feel treated as second class citizens . 
  almost nothing of what you wrote is true . 
  in bavaria , the constitution can be changed by means of referendums only , against the landtag 's will . 
  for both oberpfalz and schwaben i do n't see any movement for secession , that 's only franken . 
  oberpfalz has a bavarian dialect and was under wittelsbacher rule before . 
  it just belonged ( along with ( rhein - ) pfalz ) to a different part of the family , until at some point they were ( re - ) united . 
  from growing up in schwaben , i know that while being annoyed by sometimes being forgotten , people are still happy for not having to share a state with stuttgart . 
  because we pronounce latin the same way as we pronounce german , which also applies to ae / \u00e4 and the like . 
  well , \u00e4 , \u00f6 , \u00fc are literally ae , oe , ue . 
  the dots symbolize an e , and for titles and inscriptions and the like , ligatures like \u00e6 and \u0153 are sometimes used instead . 
  as long as you can see it 's made up from the base letter and something like an e or two dots or two strokes , it will be recognized as an umlaut . 
  not `` umlaut '' in the linguistic sense , but the letters \u00e4 , \u00f6 , \u00fc . 
   people from berlin as much as people from frankfurt or bremen or nrw . 
  oh nice , all from the [ green and yellow ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/deutsch-niederl%c3%a4ndischer_sprachraum_%28nach_werner_k%c3%b6nig%29.png ) areas then . 
  not all over germany , and obviously not all over the german language area . 
   it 's standard colloquial german , i 'm telling you . 
  germany-german only though , and as you mention yourself , not even all of germany . 
  `` standard german '' is simply the name of the written language , and if there is some grammar used in colloquial german only in some areas ( even if they 're half the german language area ) only , what else should it be called if not dialectal ? 
   if you 'd venture out of the south you 'd see . 
  i do n't live in the south . 
  if you 've ever lived in an area other than the one you 've grown up in , you will have noticed that their `` colloquial standard german '' is different from yours . 
  it 's not about `` machste '' as a verb but the whole way `` du '' is absorbed into the verb . 
  in the north , there 's an e left , in the south the word disappears completely . 
  which makes sense , since in northern dialects , unstressed `` du '' becomes `` de '' ( wenn de willst ) , while in the south it becomes d ( wennd willst ) . 
  merging de into the - st ending leads to - ste , merging d makes it disappear . 
  both ways of merging du into the verb are colloquial only ( in written standard german , du is always separate ) and both only exist in certain areas . 
  another example would be `` nicht '' . 
  in the north , the t is dropped ( nich ) , in the south the ch ( nit/net ) . 
  neither version is in any way more correct or official or standard than the other . 
  i 'd say in most tv shows they use some generic north german city dialect . 
  people talking like that would still sound a little foreign to , say , south germans or austrians , even to ones who do n't think of themselves as dialect speakers and whose colloquial german is n't more different from written german than the gzsz actor 's . 
  the way spelling and pronunciation do n't really match was a pain ( and still is ) . 
  also the many tenses . 
  those things are really a lot simpler in german . 
  south german does n't have the w and z sounds , and distinguishing them from v/s was n't easy . 
  for some reason we never practised those much in school . 
  we did practise th , so that was n't a problem for me . 
  `` wir waren gerade am gehen '' etc is perfectly standard and widespread german and has nothing to do with dialects . 
  `` biste '' is northern dialect . 
  it does n't exist in standard german ( or southern dialects ) . 
  and while progressive using am is not unheard of anywhere , it clearly is a feature of certain dialects , i 'd think of roughly the nrw area . 
  the sentences in semi-dialectal ( = the least possible dialectal ) colloquial southern german : `` ich telefonier grad '' , `` was machsch grad ? 
  '' , `` mir ham grad gehn wolln '' remember that dialect free colloquial german is a myth and nothing more . 
  i have no idea . 
  i literally just googled for about five seconds . 
  and those numbers are n't low for germany . 
  as you say , we do n't have gay marriage yet , and many people here are conservative in the way of `` let 's just keep things as they are '' . 
  that 's cdu 's motto , basically . 
  meh , if you can post numbers of polls you found somewhere online , so can i :  90 % of german muslims see democracy as the best political system  60 % of the liberal german muslims support gay marriage  40 % of the highly religious german muslims support gay marriage, 
  what your lunch is would be a common supper ( abendbrot , lit . 
  evening bread ) in germany . 
  traditionally lunch ( mittagessen , lit . 
  midday meal ) is the largest and the only warm meal of the day . 
  people tend to have a different meal everyday so it 's hard to name a specific one . 
  for breakfast ( fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ) and supper it 's mostly some variety of bread though , with ( mostly ) sweet toppings for breakfast and savory ones for supper . 
  actual dinner ( abendessen ) is becoming more of a thing though , which may sometimes lead to lunch becoming a little smaller . 
  i love how the french tend to make everything they like about germany `` alsatian '' , and therefore obviously french . 
  including the `` alsatian language '' which consists of different dialects that happen to be basically identical to the respective german dialects across the border with a few french words sprinkled in . 
  it 's a sign of a healthy sense of self-conscience , i guess . 
  i honestly do n't think there are any puppet parties in modern day germany . 
  they 're all genuine , despite some of them being completely nuts . 
  the fdp is both socially and economically liberal . 
  that 's rather uncommon as the former is often considered left wing while the latter is considered right wing . 
  however , in practice the economic part is far more important as they tend to mostly form coalitions with the cdu , who does n't agree to most socially progressive ideas . 
  also , the fdp is socially liberal only in the sense of individual rights , they do n't really believe in or care about structural inequalities , for example they do n't support affirmative action . 
  that is appealing to the people who believe immigrants/homosexuals/women get a lot of support which they themselves do n't get and thus feel like those evil leftists are oppressing them , which is exactly the group that made afd strong . 
  now , unlike the afd , the fdp do n't make such claims , but their attitude of `` well , everybody has the same rights , let 's leave the rest to free competition '' attracts the same crowd . 
  they are n't though . 
  afd originally started out as a radical right-liberal party and their economic positions ( anti welfare , let the market fix it , etc. ), 
  are still basically the same . 
  they just are n't talked about so much anymore because of all the racist noise . 
  to bring in some stereotypes , if you are a middle age middle class white male small business owner who 's afraid of leftists taking away his privileges and you feel like merkel 's refugee policy is a mistake , you could consider voting for either . 
   relic of another time . 
  absolutely . 
  personally i would like for it to be abolished . 
  preferably along with time zone differences within the eu . 
  i 'd rather have schedules and opening hours adjusted to season and location . 
  why not simply go with gmt/utc as the official time for the eu ? 
  ok , you probably never lived in bavaria . 
  csu is n't far right , they 're extremely populist though and on the federal level their main strategy is making shitty proposals to stay in the headlines . 
  inside bavaria , lots of people with all sorts of political ideas join csu , as it is basically the only party that is able to change things .
