  usually you just do n't address them directly , but you catch their attention either by `` entschuldigung '' / `` entschuldigen sie '' , or simply by waving . 
  nobody yells `` frau '' trough a restaurant . 
  well , that was my point . 
  in germany , it 's still somewhat common to call 500g a pound . 
  that 's why they could n't use the name here . 
  ok ... but that does n't seem to be an official government position . 
  i mean there are crazy nationalists in almost every country who would like their country to be larger . 
  most of them do n't need a similar or equal name . 
  i have n't ever heard of any territorial claims in that conflict . 
  can you enlighten me ? 
  in both cases , one is a country , one is a neighboring province of a different country , and they happen to share a name . 
  if it makes you happy , in german we differentiate between * mazedonien * ( country ) and * makedonien * ( province ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure the reason they changed it from `` quarter pounder '' to `` royale '' in many european countries is that in many places a pound is usually considered to be 500g , so a `` quarter pounder '' would be expected to have 125g of meat . 
  the burger only has 113g ( a quarter us pound ) though . 
  so they may have been afraid of getting sued or at least getting some bad press for false advertising . 
  can you tell us how the situation is in any way different from [ luxembourg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg ) and [ luxembourg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg_ ( belgium \\ ) ) ? 
  both of them are in the eu and pretty friendly with each other . 
  i mean , it 's just a name . 
  ... well , it has been the `` next place '' for decades , has n't it ? 
  no thanks , we have great dialects ourselves . 
   relatively uncomplicated but then there 's also communal elections in munich : you have 80 votes which you can freely distribute to candidates . 
  you can give each candidate up to three votes , and you can also put a cross for the party that should receive the remaining votes if you did n't use up all 80 individual votes . 
  if that party has candidates you do n't like , you may cross them out . 
  of course , if you accidentally gave 81 votes instead of 80 , your ballot is invalid , sorry . 
  well , it 's just how it works . 
  as for netto , there are two chains with that name . 
  the yellow/red one without the dog is better than aldi nord , the yellow/black one with the dog is total shit . 
  i 'd also put lidl below aldi , although it depends a lot on the individual stores . 
  generally it 's not a relevant number either , it 's just blown out of proportion by right wingers and parts of the media . 
  yes , an insult against northern germans . 
  not against people from bw or palatine ( which used to be part of bavaria ) . 
  it goes along with the usual stereotypes about prussians : arrogant know-it-alls who speak in bullet points rather than full sentences and whose main goal in life is to mechanically serve the state , incapable of any emotions beyond blind obedience to authority . 
  no , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg is not preu\u00dfen . 
  only the 14 other states , many of which actually have large intersections with what used to be prussia . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's running again for his direct mandate . 
  gysi has n't retired , he 's still a member of the bundestag . 
  i really like the short name . 
  in german there 's also some confusion about tschechien ( good ) vs tschechei ( bad ) , both of which are short though . 
  however both endings are usually translated as - ia in english , so czechia simply follows the same scheme as lots of other country names . 
  if it did n't exist , i would probably make it up on accident , it just feels `` right '' and natural . 
  very bad . 
  but i do n't know how it could have been averted . 
  when germany was united in 1871 , it was built on some pretty dangerous ideas : france being the mortal enemy , the military being the better alternative to talks , and germany being a great power nobody should mess with . 
  it went well as long as bismarck ( who was a bad person , but smart ) was in charge , and as long as the people running the country remembered that * actually * war is n't a great heroic thing but the worst thing that can happen . 
  but by 1914 , wilhelm ii was in charge , who was an idiot with a huge inferiority complex , and the young people had never seen war but grew up in a completely militaristic society . 
  they * wanted * war . 
  they were just as crazy as the people on fox news we laugh about now , talking about the beauty of arms and the necessity to show military strength and all that bs . 
  what 's even more tragic is that the same militarism was kept alive after the war , and the political right hated democracy because they felt that the republic had back stabbed the military . 
  that 's a large part of the reason the nazis and similar movements were so popular . 
  ultimately this led to wwii . 
  if by area you mean `` roughly the south-western part of germany '' then yes , but t\u00fcbingen and bingen are not exactly close , they 're in different states , have different dialects , etc. 
   was looking for a feel of how europe views america 's support of israel then ask about israel and not about the completely unrelated topic of native americans . 
  true , but i think in a lot of languages these 26 are considered `` the alphabet '' , even though accented letters or ligatures exist . 
  this is the case in german . 
  probably there are more languages where this is the case ( even if some letters do n't appear outside of loanwords ) . 
  pretty sure it 's the same in french . 
  they 're all not ` real ' letters though , they do n't appear in the alphabet . 
  they all have expanded versions for when they 're not available ( or not wanted for aesthetic reasons ) * \u00e4 -- ae * \u00f6 -- oe * \u00fc -- ue * \u00df -- ss in old prints the dots are actually a little e over the base letter , which then had been reduced to two dots . 
  however , opposite transformation does n't work , not every ae can be written as \u00e4 . 
  so it 's not purely stylistic . 
  the core of the religion is n't much different from christianity and judaism . 
  all of your points could apply to those as well . 
  yes , although the northern part seems to be smaller than i remembered . 
  [ here ] ( https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei:deutsche_dialekte.png ) 's wikipedia 's take on german and dutch dialects . 
  school was usually over before lunch , so we simply went home , ate our lunch there , and then either did our homework or just met with friends , went to clubs ( like sports ) , which are independent of school , etc. 
  a regular school day was eight to one when i was in school , there were two fifteen minute breaks for going outside , playing , having a snack , etc. 
  some days we had afternoon classes , but then we had about an hour ( maybe just 45 min ) which we could spend in school or somewhere else , that was our own business . 
  yes , it was considered pure because it was close to written german . 
  but written german is n't based on it . 
  r\u00e4toromanisch is not a german dialect , it 's a romance language , so much closer to italian than to german . 
  and i think you 're having misconceptions about what a dialect is and what an accent is . 
  viennese and styrian are also dialects , but when a viennese or styrian person speaks standard german , you will probably hear their accent . 
  speaking a dialect means the words or grammar you use are different from written german , having an accent means your pronunciation of written german tells people where you 're from . 
  no , this is complete bs . 
  to get a german passport they would need to become a german citizen , which takes many years ( sometimes even generations ) and is very different from getting asylum . 
  they either forgot or intentionally left out the `` extension areas '' for alsatian . 
  the areas in lorraine and northern alsace have a west franconian dialect , central and southern alsace have an allemanic one . 
  in both cases the dialect is mostly the same as on the german side of the border ( except for more french words in france , obviously ) . 
  afaik it 's not really used for anything these days , short of `` keeping it alive '' . 
  i doubt there are many young people who speak it as their primary language at home or with their friends . 
  elements of low german have become part of the colloquial german spoken in northern germany , both in terms of loan words and grammar simplifications . 
  low german ( especially low saxon ) may be of interest to english speakers because in a way it 's one the closest continental relatives of english . 
  both language go back to the old saxons , part of whom settled england , along with the angles ( whose language is more closely related to frisian , iirc ), 
  well , you 're misinformed here . 
  hannover only stood out because the local low german had died out quicker than in other areas . 
  which led to them more or less adopting written ( standard ) german as their spoken language . 
  so it 's not standard german being based on hanoverian german but the other way around . 
  as the other user has pointed out , prague german used to be considered `` the purest '' german as well , before the german speakers there were expelled . 
  basically the same thing had happened there : there was no german dialect ( since it had been czech speaking ) and so the german speakers who came from different regions , speaking both upper and middle german dialects , settled on standard german . 
  i do n't know what exactly you want to know , but a lot of what the eu does is indirect , they usually provide guidelines which the individual countries ' administrations and lawmakers have to follow . 
  they also provide lots of funding through many different programs , such as infrastructure and education . 
  there were a few girls who played football , but it was clearly male dominated . 
  most clubs did n't have a girls ' team , so they had to go to a different town to play . 
  obviously , only girls who were really into it pursued it after the age when genders were separated . 
  sure . 
  meh , it 's usually not that cold though . 
  and when it is cold , you would n't be just wearing a t-shirt anyway . 
  in winter i always wear long underwear and a warm sweater , and i would n't want the temperature to be too high to feel comfortable in it . 
  well , if they 're here for over a year and still approach everyone in english , that 's a little annoying . 
  if it 's three years it 's simply ridiculous and tbh a little hard to take them seriously .
