  i recently found out that we have an online payment system that lets you pay in cash . 
  it sounded like this ( have n't used it ) : when ordering online , you get a barcode that you can print out . 
  the next time you go to a store , you hand them the paper , they scan it , you pay in cash . 
  seriously : have you ever even been to a federal country ? 
  it 's not like germany is falling apart , or switzerland , or the us . 
  actually , is there any ( serious ) secessionist movement anywhere that does n't fall into one of the following categories ? 
  * centralist government ( i.e. 
  the opposite of federalism ) , this includes centralist countries that grant `` regional autonomy '' to certain areas . 
  * `` federalism '' where one of the members is larger than all the others combined and therefore dominates the union * a collapsing dictatorship, 
  sure . 
  ever been to bavaria ? 
  joined germany in 1871 , but still has its own distinct identity . 
  but really , identity is a pretty personal thing . 
  some people will identify with europe , some with their country , some with their home town , some with all of that and some only with themselves . 
  well , for national exams , all 16 states would have to come together and agree on them . 
  in terms of education the federal government has as much of a say as the eu : none . 
  the 16 states/countries of germany gave up some rights by forming a federation , but far from all . 
  in terms of education they are independent . 
  look at a map , it 's an island between turkey , syria , and lebanon . 
  something , something , memelland . 
  that 's it . 
  sure . 
  i mean , i completely disagree about the education stuff ( should be handled by the states ) , but you 're right , there 's no general rule . 
  but i think there are too many people who either think `` the member states should keep full sovereignty '' or `` we should handle as much as possible on the european level '' . 
  both sides are wrong , imho . 
  well , like in any federal system ( germany for example ) , there needs to be a clear distinction on what should be a federal issue and what should be a local issue that the federal level has no business interfering with . 
  i sometimes feel like the eu does some things that could very well be left to the individual members , while with other issues ( foreign affairs , defense , etc. ), 
  it 's currently too much focused on the member states and should be done on the european level . 
  i think it is necessary to really define better what the eu should be about and what it should n't . 
   germany , switzerland , austria and czechia . 
  i do n't have any particular reason why , it 's just how i regard them . 
  [ because ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/hrr.gif ) ? 
  well , there 's still erika steinbach . 
   because you hardly hear a familiar word while listening to asian speakers . 
  there 's your mistake : you probably do n't recognize them even if they are used . 
  people tend to only use sounds their native language regularly has . 
  i do n't know how much the phonology of english and lithuanian differ , but try using the same word in a sentence in both languages . 
  there will probably be a difference . 
  the same happens with asian languages . 
  they may , for example , add some extra vowels because their languages do n't have consonant clusters like many european languages do . 
  in chinese , for example , it 's not even possible to spell a word that uses non-chinese syllables ( they always have one character per syllable ) , so they always fall back to the closest approximation , which will probably just sound like chinese to you . 
  fyi http://scilogs.spektrum.de/sprachlog/max-frisch-macht-sinn/ tl ; dr it 's probably from english , but has been used in german ( by famous writers , among others ) for centuries . 
  there are lessing quotes from 1760 . 
  you do n't have to , but then you absolutely need the e. 
   i just do n't want to come off as a sterotypical american and i just really enjoy european lit and cult . 
  well , there 's a stereotype about americans saying `` i 'm irish/german/italian / etc. '', 
  even though they have n't ever been there , let alone grown up there . 
  so if you do n't want to come off as a stereotype , do n't be the stereotype . 
  really , just be yourself . 
  you ca n't really know or change people 's preconceptions . 
  well , if someone ( say , from mongolia , where you 'd meet them ) had never been to the us , did n't speak english and was no us citizen , would `` appreciating '' american culture and literature make them american ? 
  would it make sense to you if they said `` i 'm an american , just like you '' ? 
  serious question . 
  even if you learn french , you are n't french . 
  if you had grown up speaking french ( with a parent who 's still a french citizen ) and watching french tv and other pop culture , or if you were a citizen yourself , you 'd have a reason to be considered at least sort of french . 
  but sorry , in europe you 're just plain american , nothing more , nothing less . 
  but that also means you probably wo n't face more prejudice than any other american , white or black or whatever . 
  when did he say that ? 
  which wilhelm ? 
  why do n't you use the english term emperor , it 's right there ? 
  are you referring to king frederick william iv ( friedrich wilhelm iv ) of prussia in 1849 ? 
  he was never emperor , precisely because he did n't accept the crown . 
  and why did n't he ? 
  he was a monarchist , an anti-democrat , and he figured he would rather be king of prussia than emperor of germany under the proposed constitution , since that would have shifted a lot of power from the monarchs to the people . 
  but what does that have to do with anything ? 
  of course they can be . 
  languages evolve in a culture and ingrain cultural traits of that culture . 
  it does n't mean those languages are `` bad '' or anything like that , but in many cases it 's so obvious that i 'm wondering how you get the idea they ca n't . 
  afaik both `` link '' and `` linken '' are from medieval warfare . 
  staircases in castles were built so you had to go clockwise when going up ( attacking ) . 
  that gave the ( right handed ) defender an advantage over a ( right handed ) attacker . 
  now a left handed attacker ( holding his sword in the left hand ) was considered extra dangerous , obviously , somebody who `` cheated '' the way the defense was set up . 
   furchtbar ( horrible ) with fruchtbar ( fertile ) which is a mistake you would never make as a native :d depends a lot on the accent . 
  if you ( like in most accents ) do n't really pronounce the r in `` furcht '' ( sounding more like fuacht ) , it 's not an issue . 
  if you 're from an area where the r is actually pronounced ( like i am ) , the difference is n't that large , as u and r can be kind of pronounced at the same time . 
   see ( lake ) note that there 's a difference between * der see * ( the lake ) , and * die see * ( the sea ) . 
  for the latter there 's also the ( more common ) synonym * das meer * . 
   and pilze for mushrooms and fungi i guess that 's the same in italian though , otherwise that place that sold me `` pizza funghi '' recently has some explaining to do . 
  yes , and english combines them with spacing , or hyphens , or without spacing , to describe a single concept . 
  it really is n't a big deal , it 's not `` coming up with new words '' , it really is just a matter of spelling , like different languages use commas differently , or like capitalization works completely different in german and english . 
  you seemed to be wondering if it 's necessary to have so many `` special '' words , and the answer is that they 're not really special and not really completely separate words , they 're compounds . 
  i mean , if in your opinion `` health care '' are two words and there 's nothing special going on there , while `` healthcare '' is a crazy new word and seems to describe a unique concept , and a language that does such things is both strange and fascinating , yeah , be my guest . 
  english has n't lost anything in that respect . 
  it works almost exactly the same in both languages , the difference is in spelling only . 
  `` high school english class field trip '' is basically a single compound noun , english spelling rules just add spaces . 
  it would n't change the way it 's pronounced in any way if it were spelled `` highschoolenglishclassfieldtrip '' , which is what german and many other languages would do . 
  there simply is no difference between german and english in this respect and it always amazes me how americans make it sound like there was . 
   you 're conflating europe with eu proper . 
  coming from an `` american '' , that 's actually pretty funny . 
  what you 're writing does n't apply to the eu though . 
  the eu is n't `` externally created '' and it 's not some kind of trade agreement , detached from people 's emotions . 
  it 's based on the idea of a peaceful and cooperating europe , free of nationalist hubris and dictatorship . 
  not having wars and living free and equally is ( at least to me ) much stronger than speaking the same language or similar things . 
  it might be hard to understand for americans because you guys have n't had a war in 150 years and probably forgot what war really means . 
  i would n't want to fight under any flag , but if i had to , i sure as hell would prefer the european one over the german one . 
  i mean , if germany gets attacked , europe gets attacked and vice versa . 
  and sure , germany had a troublesome history and of course i can relate to other germans through that . 
  but you ca n't fight for the past or for your history , that shit is over , you can only fight for the future , and the future is in the eu . 
  well , to be honest , if you look closely enough our whole society is a violation of gender equality . 
  i do n't like that , but i wo n't freak out about any specific point because society just takes time to change .
