   there 's as yet no such thing as a `` eu citizen '' there is . 
  you 're automatically an eu citizen if you are a citizen of any member state . 
  it does give you privileges inside the eu that non-eu citizens do n't have . 
  huh ? 
  i grew up in a small town in the south , and it was very common . 
  all age groups , but especially teenagers and old people ( who often ca n't walk that well anymore , so cycling is preferred ) . 
  most households will separate their trash into five different containers : * recyclable packaging * organic waste * paper * glass * other garbage the top four ones are recycled , the last one is n't , it 's incinerated for electricity . 
  most one way plastic bottles and metal cans for beverages have a 25 cents deposit , so those pretty much all get recycled , you take them back to the store and stick them in a machine to get your money back . 
  glass bottles and reusable plastic bottles have a lower deposit of 8 cents or 15 cents , and are accepted by the same machines . 
  they come in reusable plastic cases ( also accepted by the same machines ) , so when you buy a case of beer , literally the only thing that wo n't be directly reused ( but instead recycled ) are the lids . 
  if you want a shopping bag from your supermarket , you will have to pay for it , and many supermarkets got rid of plastic bags completely . 
  only paper and reusable cotton bags . 
  however there is still a large amount of unnecessary packaging , especially for fruits and vegetables . 
  for example you will often see cucumbers wrapped in a thin layer of plastic ( do n't know the correct english term ) . 
  oh , and i almost forgot about the best thing : a lot of mustard comes in drinking glasses ( often with cartoon characters printed on them ) , so there you also do n't have more trash than the lid , and you get a nice new glass . 
  edit : forgot about batteries and electronic devices . 
  those you are n't allowed to throw away yourself , but instead you bring them to any store that sells them , which has to take care of proper recycling . 
   they often assume bavarian cliches are german . 
  the thing is : it 's not any more `` bavarian '' than `` german '' . 
  it 's a single festival in munich , and has no special significance to the rest of bavaria and germany . 
  yep , same thing really . 
  should n't have blamed it solely on americans . 
  the only difference is americans seem to assume it 's a `` german '' thing , while prussians seem to assume it 's a `` bavarian '' thing . 
  so their fake-deco will probably be more white-blue than black-gold-red . 
  90 % of the times i use my card is for getting ~ 100 $ in cash out of the atm , so yes . 
  well there 's the rumor the price tags did n't change at all in germany , everybody just suddenly had the half income of before ( it was called * teuro * in the beginning , * teuer * meaning expensive , as many places used the opportunity to increase prices ) . 
  this is n't really completely true , but for many people the new euro prices were similar to the dm prices they were used to from about ten years before , so it was n't really a different order of magnitude . 
  so i would say for germany the cash was actually the larger change ( but we have always used a lot of cash ) . 
  one of the most annoying things for me in the beginning ( and to some extend still ) was the lack of 5 $ coins . 
  paper bills just do n't really feel like everyday money , and using them for such small denominations just is n't right . 
  :d but how would you notice the different prices if you use card and there are dual tags ? 
  depending on how it 's done it could be a little insulting because it may result in strong stereotyping . 
  but in a way this is just how culture develops , memes from one culture are brought into another one , mutate , mix , change , etc. 
  thinking of culture of a static thing that `` belongs '' to one nation or ethnicity is something that more or less defines the racist far right though . 
  i would say if you externalize it in a way and insist it 's part of a specific labeled culture , you 're in high danger of stereotyping or inadequately displaying said culture and you should n't do that . 
  if you integrate aspects of other cultures into your own , there 's nothing wrong with that , that 's how culture has developed for millennia and it ca n't ( and does n't need to ) be stopped anyway . 
  related : is it true that cash is n't used very much anyway in sweden ? 
  could you theoretically introduce the euro ( while keeping dual price-tags ) and nobody would really notice ? 
  you mean americans appropriating european nationalities like those `` irish '' or `` italian '' americans you will see on reddit ? 
  or americans having `` an oktoberfest '' in town pretending like it 's some sort of german tradition ? 
  annoying , but well , i do n't care that much . 
  it 's more stupid than racist . 
  no , and not planning to . 
  not necessary anymore for having a happy family life . 
   lots of banks in germany are cooperatives . 
  volksbanken and raifeisenbanken for example . 
  not really though . 
  they are * eingetragene genossenschaften * but not cooperatives in the way op describes . 
  most notably , they are not owned/run by the workers , but by shareholders who can be anyone who decides to buy one ore more shares . 
  in germany there 's * studienkolleg * , which is one extra year of school that is supposed to bring foreign students with insufficient high school diplomas to a level comparable to what german students will have . 
  being accepted depends a lot on the field you are studying . 
  we do n't have a major/minor system here , we usually just study one subject ( of course there are overlaps ) , and you have to specify that in your application . 
  and after being accepted , it 's still tough . 
  a large percentage of students drop out in one of the first semesters because they 're not up to it . 
  nobody will drag you along or guide you through , nobody will feel bad for you or offer assistance if you fail . 
  nobody will care if you show up in lectures and tutorials or if you do n't . 
  you 're on your own . 
  i heard that it 's pretty different in the us . 
  that 's the flip side of `` free '' university : you 're not in any way a customer , you 're also not a `` college kid '' , you 're an adult and you alone have full responsibility , there will be absolutely zero hand-holding . 
  another point would be language , obviously . 
  countries where the national language is a rather `` small '' one ( not commonly learned as a foreign language ) , there may be more courses in english , but at least in germany , up to the bachelor 's degree it 's basically german only . 
  masters may be easier to do in english though . 
  obviously , all of this is about germany , i know nothing about studying in italy , although i like to think that ( continental ) european education systems are closer to each other than to the american one . 
  wtf ? 
  it is lower case . 
  there are ( usually ) no upper case letters in the middle of a word . 
  when you need an upper case \u00df ( because you 're writing in all caps ) , it becomes ss . 
  gro\u00df -  gross, 
  you mean no upper case . 
  however , that 's slowly changing , it 's in unicode and you see it every now and then . 
  they never used that , not even any \u00df , just ss . 
  it 's actually the other way around . 
  the letter \u00df has two different origins , a ligature of long s and round s ( \u017fs ) in the fonts we all use mostly these days , and a ligature of long s and z in fraktur ( \u017fz ) , which used to be the main font in the german language area . 
  thus they took the name from the then more common fraktur form but nowadays it 's applied to the form that 's basically unrelated to z. 
  when spelling was standardized in 1900 , some smart-asses made sure `` ess-zett '' got the `` correct '' representation in in all-caps , even though it was rather unhistorical . 
  not really used anymore . 
  before ww2 , it was the formally `` correct '' way to write \u00df when using all caps or similar situations , but i do n't think it was ever really used . 
  after ww2 it was only used when there was ambiguity , like * ma\u00dfe * vs * masse * . 
  since the spelling reform of 1996 , you should n't do it anymore , ever . 
  i hope they are the future . 
  i have n't worked in one , but i know a few people who started some , namely a restaurant and a grocery store . 
  they seem to be very happy working together without a boss , and i would very much like that , too . 
  both of those cooperatives are the democratic kind , and that 's what i generally think of . 
   he campaigned on free college education and a livable minimum wage does your country have those policies implemented ? 
  we have free university education . 
  several states had introduced a tuition fee of 500 $ per semester , but there were large protests and in general the idea was n't popular in the population , so they decided to abolish them again . 
  i still have to pay a fee which is n't called tuition , about 300 $ , but it 's worth it , since it includes a semester ticket for public transportation which i use a lot , so i actually save money . 
  there certainly are people who only enroll to get the cheaper ticket but never attend a single lecture . 
  there is a minimum wage now in germany , but it 's still not really livable , at least not long-term . 
  in the early 2000s , there were a couple of reforms to basically restrict workers ' rights and threaten unemployed to take even shitty jobs . 
  the bad part about the story is that a center-left coalition introduced those reforms , the right side of the spectrum loved them too , of course . 
  and we wo n't get any coalition anywhere left of the center for years now , with ( center-right ) merkel standing like a rock . 
  so if we 're going to see improvements , they will be pretty small . 
   if so how has it affected the country . 
  it 's not like any of those policies was new , things are ( or at least were in the previous years ) going in the opposite direction . 
  while you noted germany as an exception , i would say that police is n't that much less centralized than in other countries in europe . 
  german states have 5 million inhabitants on average , so they might all be individual european countries and not really stick out as particularly small . 
  and inside each state , police is centralized , under the control of the interior minister of the respective state . 
  there is no such thing as a sheriff or municipal police . 
  i am very much in favor of federalist , decentralized organization , so i would like more local polices forces instead of centralized ones .
