  i saw a flash of embarrassment in his eyes . 
  silly fella . 
  yes, 
  i 'll have you know that when i was in belfast and the cab driver told me to be careful about romanians , i explained that romanian does not equal gypsy . 
  vw violated eu rules as well . 
  they possibly are trying to hide that the top execs knew about it , and maybe even directed it . 
  they are trying to hide who did it . 
  it 's a little more complicated than that , but basically making an inference that they did it is the first step . 
  we ca n't tell another government what to do , and i honestly do n't think we would even try . 
  if vw destroys or withholds evidence , in the case the judge will make an inference that they are hiding docs because they committed the acts alleged . 
  we have to ask vw for the documents , if they keep refusing , the judge orders them to produce the documents . 
  if they refuse the judge 's order ( which would be insane ) then then we could ask the german gov i suppose , but who knows if we are looking for the same thing . 
  a lot of times when another gov. 
  asks for documents that have already been searched , the company will resend what has already be provided . 
  i also do n't think the german gov would cooperate on this . 
  it does n't work like that here , you have to ask vw directly . 
  normally a company would say `` we gave this to the german gov , here ya go . '', 
  it 's not smart to mess with all 50 state attorney generals as well , they can do some real damage . 
  i 'm an attorney , i 've worked on investigations like this . 
  most of the time , the target of the investigation plays nice with prosecution because if they do n't , the prosecution goes to court and tries to get everything , and it increases the price of any settlement . 
  i assume that vw has able us counsel and it will be worked out in the end . 
  uh , it was a joke . 
  in the us you can not make comments that will immediately incite violence , that 's about it as far as hate speech . 
  you do n't think this example is over the top :  in september , the home of a 26-year-old berlin man was raided by police , who confiscated his computer and phones after he had posted the tragic image of the dead 3-year-old syrian boy whose body on a turkish beach became a symbol of the refugee crisis . 
  along with the photo , he had posted : `` we are not mourning , we are celebrating ! '' obviously that is a horrible thing to say , but it 's not calling for extermination or anything . 
  why should someone be arrested for that ? 
  i 'm not advocating that germany change all it 's laws or whatever , i can see how calling for another genocide would not be tolerated . 
  but in the past , i do n't think that these types of issues effected so many people , so it was not such a big deal . 
  now germany is facing a lot of tough issues that effect a massive proportion of the population , not just fringe elements . 
  my thinking is that if you stifle discourse in a way that impacts large numbers of people , it will backfire . 
  and the advent of social media changes the equation too . 
  so many more people will be subject to the legal system . 
  in the past if you made a comment out loud , or left propaganda material somewhere , you may very well not be found by anyone . 
  but once you do it online , there is a permanent record of it , and it 's easy to prove in court . 
  even windows is racist in europe ? 
  they are without a doubt some of the hardest working people on the planet . 
  i think even most trump supporters would have to agree with that . 
  how dare you criticize the eu 's greatest legal victory . 
  ok , heading to my time machine . 
  brb . 
   i 'll probably be telling my grandchildren about this . 
  in arabic . 
  this is not the gold you are looking for . 
  not in a bad way i hope . 
  but mexicans do n't blow shit up . 
  a guy in england got arrested for making a joke about a road accident in glasgow . 
  it 's not just germany . 
  but if you ignore regular people , they will end up on the right . 
  jewish - american who was not raised to love germany here ... germans , it 's ok to say what you think . 
  the rest of the world trusts you , trust yourselves . 
  enforce civilty ? 
  holy shit . 
  ok . do the treaties ( global and eu ) say that refugees must register in the first safe country they enter ? 
  enforce that too , and that means you actually care about the rule of law . 
  i 'm not really talking about germany . 
  poland and france are the big risks , and hungary is obviously susceptible to fascism . 
  if there is a jobbik government in europe , dissolve the eu . 
  it 's ok to change the law after debate . 
  angela is saying `` i wo n't even discuss it . '', 
  we have the same thing here , it 's not good . 
  here it is called gridlock . 
  but over there you are dealing with real issues effecting everyone . 
  you can not ignore that . 
  of they do what the people want , they wo n't lose seats . 
  it was not a nato action . 
  wow , thank you broham !, 
  this is better than universal health care !, 
  edit : i do n't want to he a dick , but 2 golds in one thread feels good . 
   i 'm in raleigh , nc as a software engineer and am quite comfortable . 
  prove it by buying me gold . 
  they got tired of hot blonde chicks , and wanted to hot chicks with dark hair . 
  mass insanity . 
  is emotion literally all there is to this whole thing ? 
  `` look how compassionate we are !!, 
  look !!! '', 
  yes , it is going to get worse and worse , and that 's why the reaction will be worse . 
  whole thing could have been avoided with sensible policy , like paying for camps in jordan , turkey , lebanon . 
  and actually screening people who arrived . 
  it could also be stopped from getting worse , but mutti says no limits of refugees . 
  wow . 
  well i guess that is a sign that maybe people will take things seriously going forward . 
  username checks out . 
  trump is our populist option here . 
  i think the options in europe will be considerably further to the right . 
  frightening . 
   the author of the report , dated jan. 4 , is a senior official . 
  he writes : `` women , accompanied or not , literally ran a ` gauntlet ' through masses of heavily intoxicated men that words can not describe . '', 
  and merkel still says no limits ... 
  i do n't really understand this . 
  if i was fleeing some kind of disaster , i 'd be happy to live anywhere with indoor plumbing and electricity . 
  no one believes anyone who was in the bush admin . 
  a bunch of corrupt scumbags running an evil soccer empire ? 
  german government/society has the money to pay , there are always surpluses . 
  why are the police understaffed then ? 
  i 'm saying that at the first sight of a large group gathering , cops would be there . 
  i guess it would be like ferguson or whatever , armored vehicles . 
  i honestly do n't think a large gang of heavily armed people is going to happen though . 
  the fact that congress passed some law preventing federal funding of the study of gun deaths has really put a damper on it . 
  there are articles on it here and there . 
  most people probably think that if these people did n't get a gun , they would kill themselves another way .
