  not at all , enjoy what you have , but when it boils down to it , culture is the ultimate free market . 
  you can take the french approach i suppose , with active protections , though i am not sure how effective that is . 
  if they are so logical , why is homeopathy so big there ? 
  are n't they `` romantic '' as well ? 
  should we sit here and cry because the various romance languages are nothing but degraded bastardizations of latin ? 
  culture everywhere is always changing , sometimes congealing , sometimes fragmenting . 
  there is nothing you can do about it . 
   in the recent debate about a ` leitkultur ' the very existence of a german culture was questioned . 
  as in a `` national '' german culture , as your country was unified from various regions relatively recently ? 
  as a stand alone link , it does look that way , on the site it 's embedded in the main story . 
  i was a bit concerned about that . 
  edit : actually , depends if you are using their app or not, 
  i posted it because i had forgotten a number of the attacks had even occurred . 
  people are getting numb to this . 
  ban latin for the future of the eu !, 
  that 's why i posted it , because i had forgotten about so many of the attacks . 
  i work a 5 min walk from the wtc , and everyone in my offic elost people on 9/11 , and in general , we are very sympathetic when an attack happens somewhere . 
  no one is even discussing it here today , we 've become totally desensitized . 
  really sad , but i guess understandable . 
  you should be concerned , this will be looked back on as an absolutely massive error . 
  on the one hand , you can understand the immediacy of the issue , with hungary putting up the fence and hordes of migrants camped out in train stations . 
  on the other , no one gave a shit for years while migrants piled up in greece and italy , and the need for a unified response was painfully obvious for a very long time . 
  in addition , if altruism really was the driving force , germany and/or the eu would have established and funded refugee centers closer to syria , where 20 refugees can be supported for the price of one in germany , and would one day return to syria . 
  instead , only those rich , powerful or lucky enough to pay thousands of dollars to human smugglers got assistance . 
  and then there is the whole issue that so many migrants were n't even coming from conflict zones . 
  i assume the argument that some are making is that if you let islamic refugees into places such as poland , the refugees themselves may not do harm , but the next generations will . 
  it 's not an unreasonable argument . 
  alaric did nothing wrong . 
  show me a way to move the bosphorus , and i 'll show you a way to kick out turkey . 
  crap tv is universal . 
  just give it a few centuries , they 'll go away . 
  why would more people choose a dead language than that of their neighbor ??? 
   many french also have some very bizarre preconceptions about germany that is very removed from the reality of life in germany . 
  such as ? 
  give him time , he 's just getting started . 
  oh , is this why trump is going to brussels ? 
  fp had another hit piece on german arrogance . 
  i see a pattern ... 
  cheeto will be gone soon , let 's hope the catholic church will be gone from your school system as well soon . 
  i do n't know , i personally ca n't think of too many things worse than a public education being denied to a child in a western country because of their religion , so i 'm going to have to call bullshit on our right not to judge you . 
  nice of you not to tax our companies though , so thanks for that . 
  yes , but in our country , even a person not baptized by the catholic church is entitled to an education . 
  oh , and no one has to leave the country for an abortion . 
  i do n't think we have thousands of dead babies buried in mass graves here either . 
  get off your high horse . 
  you do actually have to give ireland credit for voting for gay marriage though . 
  sadly , germany lacks the courage for that . 
  it could certainly be improved , but it 's not broken . 
  we 'll see how the trump investigations are handled , if he gets away with murder , it 's broken . 
  in fact , trump proves that 's it 's a good thing that our system changes slowly . 
  he is much more constrained then a british pm would be , for example . 
  2 party systems are not great , but they are n't nk either . 
  good !, 
  he is such a disgrace , fleeing the ship . 
  fuck him . 
  i usually pay $ 8 for craft pints . 
  my friend works for nhs and recently sent a screenshot , pretty sure it was using windows 98 . 
  good , this guy is the worst . 
  how long will he actually serve ? 
  i 've mistaken portuguese as russian before ... 
  pint of craft is about $ 8, 
  this makes me feel warm and fuzzy . 
  is that a navigable river ? 
  article 116 , paragraph 2 of the german basic law allows people who were stripped of their german citizenship between 1933 and 1945 to reclaim the passports revoked by the nazis . 
  that right also applies to their descendents . 
  https://www.germany.info/contentblob/1915040/daten/30703/_mb_einbuergerung_bvae.pdf  who has a claim ? 
  former german citizens who between january 30 , 1933 , and may 8 , 1945 , were deprived of their german citizenship on political , racial , or religious grounds may reinvoke their citizenship . 
  this also applies to their descendants . 
  where do you see that it says only people who have been stripped of their citizenship only pursuant to the 11th regulation on the reich citizens law of november 25 , 1941 ? 
  it 's a terribly written article , which tries to imply some half assed narrative about jews going back to germany , even though the people quoted did n't even intend to go back . 
  that 's my problem with it . 
  if the article was `` freaked out americans , including jewish americans , are applying for german citizenship , '' i would n't have much issue with it . 
  these people are doing this for the benefits of an eu passport , there is no larger narrative about jews longing for a return to their heritage . 
  now i understand that as an american jew from nyc that i have personal insight as to why the article comes off as grasping at straws , and other people are n't going to get that . 
  words matter . 
  edit : additionally , the 11th regulation 's definition of `` jew '' is so watered down that many people who would never consider themselves jewish and would not be considered jewish by other jews ( culturally ) , that is further makes this nonsense . 
  the entire premise and title of the article is about jews . 
  that is semantics ? 
  trump is going to be gone . 
  so many people are going to be forced to confront their own stupidity . 
  i just noticed it does n't even say they are jews , just applicants from ny . 
  actually if you read the article , it just says applicants at the consulate , it does n't say they are jews . 
  and i 'm sure you are aware that jews were not the only ones stripped of their german citizenship during the nazi period . 
  it 's a ridiculous article , even the people quoted in it were n't planning to live in germany or europe for good . 
  i 'm sorry , i have more faith in our institutions than that . 
  living and working , or studying ? 
  they do have some amazing beer , so there is that . 
  if i had heard anyone doing anything remotely like `` gas the jews , '' i would have lost my shit . 
  i just heard stupid yet offensive stuff . 
  `` oh you are from new york , great city , aside from all the irish and jews , '' `` how much for a pint ? 
  do they think we are jews or something ? 
  i ca n't afford that . '', 
  i was recently at a wedding in ireland for an english friend , and there was a jewish guy who lived in the uk , and had grown up in south africa . 
  he had so many questions about being a jew in the us , i could tell he had dealt with so much more than me . 
   there are so few jews here that many people in the south outside the cities have never actually met one that makes it even better to me . 
  you understand how many places in europe where all the jews were killed and there are none left they still hate jews and have all kinds of conspiracies ? 
  look at the views of greeks on jews , it 's frightening . 
  look at what is going on in hungary . 
  besides not having centuries of hate , and jews always being citizens here ( look at washington 's letter to the jews of newport for example ) , in this country success is not something to cause huge resentment . 
  instead of coming up with grand conspiracies , most people attribute success to hard work and education .
