  you would still be much richer here if you are highly qualified . 
  it 's all about people who want to live in france and speak the language . 
  there are people like that around . 
  when i studied abroad in the uk , i was in the international dorm , and everyone hung out together , besides the french . 
  they only stuck to themselves . 
  it was so odd . 
  creationism might be an issue in a few areas of the south , but it is not going to be an issue for the people they want to recruit . 
  please do n't get your impression of our country from american redditors . 
  but as you say , it 's a great opportunity for people who have always wanted to go to france . 
  my plan has a 3k a year out of pocket max . 
  is that not common ? 
  just booked my next vacation !, 
  i was n't being serious ... 
  so what is the point ?!, 
  how much money is this projected to raise ? 
  dick move !, 
  see , proof that the eu is stealing money from uk . 
  after brexit is done , cornwall will be rich !, 
  that image is propagated more by americans than than the british . 
  do i honestly have to explain that this does not apply to those people ? 
  i did n't say all americans . 
  he is n't a populist , he 's a christian extremist . 
  his supporters will support him if he shoots someone in the middle of 5th avenue . 
  he said so himself . 
  i do n't advocate for the australian solution , it basically spits in the face of western norms . 
  it 's a concentration camp on foreign soil . 
  yes , laws would have to change , and you would have to open detention centers like we have in the us . 
  that is going to stop a lot of people from trying to get to europe . 
  yeah , i 'm aware of all that and found it a bit offputting . 
  one of my ex 's uncles had a fascist flag somewhere in his house . 
  but since it was n't a foreign power imposing fascism on you like communism was imposed in the east , it 's going to take longer to get rid of all the remnants . 
  very good point . 
  am i wrong to think that this should be one of the top priorities for europe ? 
  preparation for military integration , and taking joint responsibility for eu borders ? 
  it 's basically a very big step on the way to eu independence . 
  i 'm not sure why everyone is n't pushing this as something all can agree on ( i 'm sure there are reasons ) . 
  nice . 
  how much progress has been made ? 
   we cant just ignire the issue though and expect greece and italy to go under what ? 
  europe did that for years , and would n't even help fund italy and greece beyond a token . 
  would n't a unified border force be a good start towards military integration ? 
  interestingly trump is having the opposite effect here . 
  he 's making us more open to foreign criticism , because he is indefensible . 
  google translate says : do you think you 're going away , is that shit saying over the internet ? 
  think again , the wallet . 
  i dated a spanish girl a long time ago , and since she was very young , she wanted to be a teacher , it was her dream . 
  it was also apparently very well paid and basically a job for life . 
  she was able to achieve that . 
  the fact that this person will never be able to do it because a joke she made is beyond ridiculous . 
  and what does this have to do with terrorism ? 
  you think it 's ok to track a british born citizen with gps and no warrant ? 
  it 's really the detention without charges that concern me the most . 
  which is doubly sad , as it is the birthplace of civil rights . 
  she does n't even want to put them on trial !, 
  she says these measures are for when there is not enough evidence to prosecute . 
  not to defend gitmo in anyway , but the entire point of it was so that foreign combatants would not be entitled to constitutional protection ( by keeping them off of american territory ) . 
  may wants gitmo for brit citizens on brit territory . 
  it 's more his pacifism that would see out there to us . 
  how does the her line about repealing human rights play to the people over there ? 
  is it appealing to mainstream tories ? 
  [ lol ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=br0jn-d8_co ), 
  `` and i mean doing more to restrict the freedom and the movements of terrorist suspects when we have enough evidence to know they present a threat , but not enough evidence to prosecute them in full in court . 
  `` and if human rights laws stop us from doing it , we will change those laws so we can do it . '' the proposed measures appear to be an attempt at strengthening terrorism prevention and investigation measures ( tpims ) rather than a complete return to labour 's control orders , which were repeatedly struck down by the courts and then scrapped by may in 2010 when she was home secretary . 
  they could involve further curfews , restrictions on association with other known extremists , controls on where they can travel and limits on access to communication devices . 
  she could even increase the period for which terror suspects can be held without trial , currently 14 days -- a move that provoked clashes with civil liberties campaigners when tony blair attempted it after the 7 july 2005 attacks . 
  does that cause a massive uproar in spain ? 
  have the convictions been upheld ? 
  you are basically proving my point for me . 
  the entire reason gitmo existed was because that type of detention without charge is unconstitutional . 
  gitmo was for foreign combatants who were captured/kidnapped on foreign soil . 
  if those detainees ever stepped foot in us territory , they would be subject to the rights provided by the constitution . 
  may is advocating this type of thing for british citizens on british soil . 
  we did this ? 
   `` and i mean doing more to restrict the freedom and the movements of terrorist suspects when we have enough evidence to know they present a threat , but not enough evidence to prosecute them in full in court . 
   `` and if human rights laws stop us from doing it , we will change those laws so we can do it . ''  the proposed measures appear to be an attempt at strengthening terrorism prevention and investigation measures ( tpims ) rather than a complete return to labour 's control orders , which were repeatedly struck down by the courts and then scrapped by may in 2010 when she was home secretary . 
   they could involve further curfews , restrictions on association with other known extremists , controls on where they can travel and limits on access to communication devices . 
   she could even increase the period for which terror suspects can be held without trial , currently 14 days -- a move that provoked clashes with civil liberties campaigners when tony blair attempted it after the 7 july 2005 attacks . 
  i do n't believe any of that would pass constitutional muster , but if you can show me that we have done it , please do . 
  as for long prison sentences , and deportation of dangerous foreigners , i ` mm all for it . 
  ban circumcision in response to terror ? 
  i 've heard the mutilation argument , but this is a new one . 
  not really true . 
  we had all types of covert shit like nsa snooping , but never anything close to the snoopers charter . 
  it 's not even possible to pass most of this stuff in countries with written constitutions . 
  this woman is frightening . 
  [ uberist europop ever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj0xbcwkg3e ), 
  time to ban the internet in france . 
  very interesting . 
  so it appears that is acceptable to the epa , i guess now we have to see what states do with that . 
  true , and if you have a newer car it does n't matter , because you just switch the profile to comply again . 
  new jersey does test older cars , i 'm guessing cali as well . 
  but that just is n't true that the emissions are relaxed with age . 
  what ? 
  i 've never heard that in my life . 
  and in many states , they will test your old ass 80s car to see if it meets the regs from back then . 
  yeah , i get it , it does n't affect rural people . 
  does n't really mean everyone else should choke . 
  umm , so just 50 % of people are breathing awful air ? 
  you made a claim , i replied requesting a source , that 's the extent of my interaction with you . 
  so i 'm not sure where you are gettign that from .
