  ;-) we already contain russia on the east and west . 
  because i think it is a huge impediment to the healthy development of a strong , independent eu , and a strain on our resources . 
  i 'd much rather see a anglosphere alliance ( i think the uk should be in the eu military structure and the anglosphere structure ) in partnership with an unified eu coalition . 
  we could join a permanent alliance with the eu , but they ( and us ) would have more policy freedom . 
  it is in the interests of the us and canada to focus on the pacific ( and the arctic ) , while that is of negligible concern to the eu . 
  our interests in the pacific also align us strongly with nz/aus , who i would hope would be part of the anglosphere alliance . 
  the cold war is over , why should the us be the primary deterrent for the eastern border of the eu ? 
  uk , france , germany , italy are all advanced , industrialized first world countries . 
  why do they need a country on the other side of the planet providing their security ? 
  above that , why would they want a country on the other side of the planet occupying them with bases ? 
  this should be a process that would take a decade or two , but it should happen . 
  nato would not dissolve overnight , nor will a eu military appear overnight . 
  but if europe is serious about being a strong global player , this needs to happen . 
  and for me , it would keep the us out of unnecessary wars , because we can easily use europe as a staging ground for the middle east . 
  obviously if there were some existential threat , i would hope the eu would let us station troops there , but otherwise i do not think we should be occupying europe this long after wwii . 
  oh , they get it worse than the muslims . 
  we can still have a military alliance of some sort , but quite honestly , i do n't think anyone ( aka putin/russia ) is going to take europe seriously unless you have your own military . 
  yeah , that is true , but you know what i mean . 
  fix healthcare , reduce our military footprint , get out of nato ( over time ) , get rid of archaic restrictions on germany and itlay 's military strength and watch an eu force grow on its own . 
  then we will have a healthier , multipolar world . 
  this would be good for everyone . 
  i can dream , right ? 
  oh polen , you so funny . 
  you are a witty sunofabitch . 
  you serious ? 
  thaddeus kosciuszko is ma boy 4life . 
  ignorance and poverty . 
  spanish people are not binge drinking maniacs . 
  i visited my ( then ) spanish gf right after i graduated college , and was still in full fledged red cup chugging ` murica college mode . 
  we went out to some little pub in their tiny town and i had about 5 vodka sodas in about 5 minutes , and they were mortified . 
  over there people buy a glass of wine , and sit and talk for 5 hours !, 
  they have n't always been the best team player in regards to nato . 
  i 'd love to a see a war between the russian troll army and le 9gag army . 
  that they should not all be killed . 
  on many a thread in this sub , you will be downvoted for defending muslims as well . 
  certainly possible . 
  i always hear stories from the old timers that during the 80 's they would pass a hat around and the bar to collect money for the ira . 
  i 'm guessing a lot of that was a scam , but it happened . 
  was a much bigger thing in boston though . 
  i look forward to increasing our military budget to protect them , while the rest of nato spends their money on healthcare . 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  well , there are rude tourists , and then there is the ira ... 
  i do n't know , there are tons of irish in nyc , and they are all nice as hell . 
  i suppose we do n't get people popping over for a cheap vacation , so it 's different . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen more odious animals then the british `` lads '' in the alicante region of spain . 
  i 'd guess drunken brits stabbing each other with broken beer bottles . 
  social cohesion , especially in rural areas where families have lived in the same place for centuries . 
  source : dated a spanish girl from a tiny town . 
  how do you say `` u wot m8 '' in romanian ? 
  that 's how my parents met . 
  uh , it was from the money they earned after wwii . 
  they repatriated all the gold they stole before that . 
  all this gold is from after 1950, 
  do you have gold to give germany ? 
  since they saved your asses , maybe you should give them some . 
  wow , so i was n't sure at what your confusion was , and then i went and looked at the system in belgium . 
  flanders actually makes equalization payments to wallonia !, 
  you send them foreign aid !, 
  the nationale solidariteitsbijdrage . 
  i 'm a bit flabbergasted here , i just assumed you meant wealthy flanders pays more taxes because the people make more money , and that this money flows to poor people in wallonia based on need . 
  we have nothing like this at all . 
  in the us , it is needs based , and is always in flux , and there is nothing formal . 
  to put it simply , when a state has a shitty economy , it pays less taxes because people make less money and/or are unemployed , and the state gets more money because people need unemployment and healthcare . 
  this [ krugman article ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/06/02/florida-versus-spain/?_php=true&amp;_type=blogs&amp;_r=1 ) explains it in the context of the eu not helping spain , but he puts a good analysis of how we helped our `` spain , '' florida . 
  the change in cashflow is automatic . 
  some federal programs take the cost of living into effect with regards to benefits , but that is a relatively minor amount . 
  when i pay my federal taxes , it goes into the general fund , and then is distributed where it is needed . 
  so lets say a massive gold deposit is found in mississippi , and it is a full fledged gold rush . 
  even though the year before mississippi is poor as hell , this year they are loaded and income goes up , and unemployment goes down . 
  so they go from getting a lot of federal money to getting very little , and paying a lot more to the federal government in the form of income taxes . 
  this seems very fair to me . 
  so transfers in the american sense means money to poor people , either directly , or by funding state programs which are uniformly applied across the country , but may have adjustments for local costs of living . 
  as for things netting to 0 , taxes do not cover our expenses , we borrow massively . 
  so some of the money is coming from the sale of bonds . 
  we also have negative taxation for poor people , meaning they get money back from the government . 
  those are the states on that chart that are below 0 contribution ; folks there might pay $ x a year in taxes , but upon filing , they will get all kinds of credits and benefits from the government , and will get a check for $ x + $ y. 
  i can understand why the flemish would be upset with the belgian system . 
  it is n't like you are funding benefits directly to walloonian individuals , or to wallonian individuals via the wallonian government , you are just giving money to the general fund of wallonia . 
  i urge you to reread the article i sent for a better understanding of our system than i can give . 
   spite similar economic circumstances ( total collapse of the dominant industry ) . 
  i also do n't think a single american state pays $ 2500 per person per annum more to the federal system than it receives ( it would amount to a net loss of ~ 85 billion $ for california to give an idea of the scale ) actually , each resident of delaware pays $ 13,000 to the federal government , and each resident of mississippi gets $ 500 from the federal government , for a disparity of $ 12,500 . 
  [ found here . 
  ] ( http://www.frbsf.org/economic-research/publications/economic-letter/2013/december/taxes-transfers-redistribution-us-federal-government-states/ ) interestingly enough , there is a blurb about the eu . 
  i actually had no idea what the transfers are , because it literally is not something we think about . 
  taxes ( supposedly ) go to where it is needed in the country , a lot of it is waste of course . 
  but i 'd never sit around and say `` those damned southerners takin muh money . '', 
  it just is not on the radar . 
  i find it funny all the southern conservative states say `` cut the federal budget ! '', 
  when they are by far , the biggest recipients of it , and the `` progressive '' states send them all the money . 
  so honestly , i 'd say we have pretty damn good financial solidarity . 
  your example of detroit is really a separation of powers issue . 
  you are talking about a city government , not a state government . 
  and i can assure you the people of detroit get a lot of federal money . 
  however , the way things work is that people want as much control at the local level as possible , so the federal government does not get involved in city budgets . 
  for 1 million reasons , the city of detroit ran itself into the ground over 50 years . 
  firstly , the people of detroit should have done something , but as they did n't the state of michigan should have stepped in . 
  in the '70s , nyc was on the verge of bankruptcy , and the ny state came in and took over and restructured all the debt . 
  it took awhile , but by the 90s , nyc was back to greatness .
