  thanks dude , will look it up tonight . 
  i 'd like to see some irishy stuff !, 
  do n't worry , i 'm old and fairly well travelled , no rookie mistakes for me . 
  when i was in london , three of us americans went to dublin for 4 day , had a great time . 
  we called a cab to the hostel to take us wherever , and the cabbie started chatting with is . 
  we were all excited , `` wow , you guys actually talk to each other here ? '', 
  he told us that we 'd been in england too long , and we spent the ride abusing the english . 
  felt very comfortable in ireland , social interactions were very similar to over here . 
  it was ok to say hi to people !, 
  i will look it up . 
  thx !, 
  i totally agree with you , but i 've largely have abdicated the planning to my wife because of work and family crap . 
  nothing is written in stone yet though . 
  i want to see some beautiful landscapes , do some hiking , and chill out at a pub in a small town . 
  i ca n't wait to say cunt in front of my wife . 
  a few weeks ago i was having some beers at grand central terminal , and i was next to a pretty big group of irish guys ; they use `` fuck '' like smurfs use `` smurf . '', 
  very impressive . 
  as an atheist-jew , and probably start lighting molotovs if i saw that . 
  oh god , and the confederate flag ???? 
  why ? 
  i did a semester in london , most of them seem to be the same as the uk . 
  i just thought of something interesting though ; when i in london , i was in the international dorm , and there were people from everywhere , but i do n't think there were any irish . 
  it was the late 90s , maybe it 's different now . 
  ha , is it really ? 
  when i met my buddy while studying in london 15 years ago , i never thought he 'd be getting married in a castle . 
  must be the doings of the misses . 
  bellingham castle ? 
  i do n't plan to mention the ira even once . 
  each place has its own flavor ? 
  catholic and protestant crisps ? 
  good thing i 'm an impartial atheist-jew . 
  i told my wife that we may see some isreali/palestinian flags . 
  i think i 'm going to be at some castle most of the time . 
  is that in the middle of town ? 
  is there more than one castle ? 
  i wo n't have a car while in dundalk . 
  i wonder if my buddy will mind of i invite random redditors . 
  my wife and i will be the only americans , everyone else is from the uk . 
  will you come over and make fun of the queen with me ? 
  that settles it , i 'm converting to irish . 
  and it 's ok to curse in front of people too , right ? 
  hopefully i can find a irish redditors irl . 
  the way to find out is by handing out snickers to all i see . 
  that thread was hilarious btw . 
  the guy posted a ( corny ) update , so he had a good time . 
  ah , i got you . 
  i do n't know , i think i 'll be ok . driving is one of the few things i 'm actually good at . 
  i have a massive '72 buick that i 'm pretty good at driving around curvy back roads . 
  i also used to own a fiesta , so i 'm good with little cars as well . 
  still , it will be disconcerting at first . 
  on federal land , there are tons of signs with pictures explaining everything . 
  i 'm not blaming these people , but it 's hard to fuck up this bad . 
  i do n't think i 'll be passing anyone in my econo wheels . 
  i do love windy roads though . 
  c . you are very thankful whenever a foreigner presents you with a snickers . 
  green landscape , friendly people . 
  wow , that looks great . 
  can i make fun of the british royal family in ireland ? 
  they got so pissy about it in the uk . 
  very helpful . 
  how long did it take you to get comfortbale on the `` wrong '' side of the road ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  i think this will be happening everywhere . 
  i 'd like for us to at least shut down all the coal power plants and use natural gas while we start out transition to renewable . 
  we have a fair bit of wind and hydropower , but we need more . 
  i thought we were going to get tidal power as well , but i have n't heard much about that lately . 
  no cheese ? 
  you are missing half the fun . 
  the rest of it sounds pretty amazing . 
  and potatoes and bread toghether again , guess you guys really like you carbs . 
  i 'm going to have to look into this a little bit . 
  looks like i 'll be renting the smallest car possible , and driving slow . 
  it 's about twice what i pay now , but i suppose it is n't so terrible that it is going to make me drive less or anything . 
  oh nice , where are you at ? 
  do you know how to drive a manual transmission ? 
  apparently it 's very expensive to rent an automatic . 
  is this accurate ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/breakfast_roll will def eat a bunch of those . 
  reminds me of a bec we eat here . 
  honestly , i just assumed that norway was already doing this . 
  oh look , something else i do n't understand . 
  lol , this is hilarious . 
  cheese fries on a roll ? 
  you mofos are crazy !, 
  i was figuring roll must mean something other than bread . 
  guess not . 
  oh jeez , that poor guy . 
  my presence alone is a gift , i never get anyone anything . 
  it 's great . 
  roll ? 
  but i can get all that right here . 
  we are going to the north , my wife is very interested in it . 
  any advice you can share would be greatly appreciated . 
  i do n't get it :-(, 
  i 'm married , we do n't do that anymore . 
  changing gears ? 
  is that what you call it ? 
  to be honest , i 'm much more worried about driving on the other side of the road , and shifting with the other hand ... 
  thanks again . 
  oh man , if i did the math right , it 's about $ 5.65 a gallon :-( thanks for the link .
