  i was in hvar and split , are the people supposed to be assholes there ? 
  i did meet one nasty woman , i think it was in gdinj on hvar island . 
  she was on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere selling lavender , so i pulled my scooter over to buy some for my mom . 
  she said i could only buy the lavender if i denounced w bush ( it was 2006 ) . 
  now i hated w then , but i was n't about to let some stranger talk to me like that . 
  so i asked her if she complained when the us took croatia 's side over serbia , and gave her a hard time . 
  i never denounced w , and i got my lavender . 
  other than that , everyone was really nice . 
  me and my friends rented a motorboat ( with a tiny engine , because we did n't have a license ) and went out to these tiny islands , and saw a sign for food . 
  so we dropped anchor and walked down a path , and it was just a house . 
  this family who did n't speak much english had a grille and made us seafood they caught earlier that day , it was amazing !, 
  the gave us a shot of homeade liquor , very strong . 
  they were so nice to us . 
  then i discovered i lost my passport in split , and had to deal with the police . 
  they were very nice too , and drove me all over for these stamps ( no idea what those were . 
  they cost almost nothing , so not a bribe ) and we helped push an old lady 's car , which had stalled . 
  then i spent two days in zagreb on my own , and people were nice to me too . 
  was i not in sufficiently touristy areas ? 
  everywhere i went , people spoke english and were nice to me . 
  they always had a lot of questions about nyc . 
  i have no complaints , and i like to complain . 
  i think a bit childish is the right way to put it , but it 's basically harmless . 
  i actually do n't think people would use these things day to day , they are for travel . 
  there are quicker ways to kill oneself . 
  i work in manhattan , and i do n't see anyone like that around . 
  they must all be on their boats . 
  like this : http://i01.i.aliimg.com/wsphoto/v10/1348668949_1/european-style-small-leather-men-messenger-bag-vintage-shoulder-bags-for-male-mini-man-cross-body.jpg usually a little bigger than that , almost always rectangular . 
  mostly black leather with some luxury label . 
  dude , stop . 
  dude must live in a yacht club . 
  no , that is n't bright pink . 
  plus , i do n't think poles , balts , and balkan folks , brits , irish etc. 
  in that area often fall into the stereotypical thing . 
  happens with spanish , french and northern italians the most . 
  it 's an immature thing , i totally admit it , i do n't even know why it 's so funny to me , but apparently , i 'm not alone . 
  salt house it is !, 
  thanks !, 
  i do believe we will be going to galway . 
  do they have a big selection of english beers over there ? 
  any real ale ? 
  : - / there really are some gorgeous romanian woman though . 
  me likey . 
  yuo take that back you sunofbitch !, 
  i live in the nyc area , and i 'm a met fan . 
  i also want to drive through the midde of nowhere , but my wife wo n't go with me . 
  let 's be a team and hit the road !!!, 
  if you are a hot romanian chick , my wife will def not go for this ... 
   i drink a 2 liter everyday wat, 
  i 'm going to a wedding , and renting a car , will def check out the countryside . 
  i 'm going to ireland this summer , anything i should keep an eye out for ? 
  funny , was just talking on / r/topgear about fullers and meantime . 
  if you go to a good bottle shop , you can find lots of english beer . 
  i promise you will love nyc , and we actually have tons on nature here outside of the big cities . 
  honestly , i do n't even have any excuse for our behavior on this . 
  i just think it 's an unfortunate coincidence that many of our gay stereotypes exactly match continental male fashion . 
  every time i see a euro make tourist with a purse it makes me chuckle . 
  the difference is that i would never be rude enough to say anything . 
  maybe this is an `` anglo '' thing , but i find that americans/uk people have the same kind of views on this . 
  i 've never seen an englishman in nyc carrying a purse , but most of the continentals have them . 
  i do n't know even know why i find it so funny , i just do . 
  i just think it 's a coincidence that many continental fashions just happen to be our stereotypes on effeminate . 
  the people in dalmatia ( what i assume you mean tby `` touristy '' ) are nice as hell too . 
  would go back in a minute . 
  whoa , i was in split and hvar in 2005 , maybe we met ... 
  i also concur that the people , food and scenery were amazing , and cheap !!, 
  edit : world cup stuff was going on , so it must of been 2006 . :-( we never met . 
  that sounds like heaven . 
  please tell me you had some amazing belgian beer . 
  hmmm , takes a sentence very literally ... 
  i 'm going to guess german . 
  to me , `` logistics '' means the ability to sustain and project force on the other side of the planet . 
  `` politics '' means policy considerations . 
  so maybe we are just disagreeing on words here . 
  ha , coming from the nyc ` burbs , we did n't have anything like that . 
  everyone did think very highly of anyone who went to west point , naval academy , etc. , but not for the money . 
  i do n't really understand what you are trying to say . 
  we could have easily stayed there forever , but the iraqis did n't want us there anymore , and we were n't going to change another regime . 
  we could n't sustain forces in iraq because of political considerations , not logistical issues . 
  you should work for the us army recruitment office . 
  dude, 
  from over here , it looks like there is a popular backlash to perceived threats to historical culture in many european countries . 
  edit : i ca n't read . 
  apparently i 've committed genocide . 
  i don ' think they count butt babies . 
  i am truley sorr3ey for your lots . 
  it was 20 years ago , he 's fine . 
  i do n't hold it against all albanians at all , just some have filled a niche where the italian mafia was . 
  one tried to hire someone to kill my dad , so yeah . 
  if someone is a terrorist , they are a terrorist . 
  there are some pretty crazy albanians over here . 
  they are known to get quite upset very easily . 
   it is in no discernible way better than russia besides the fact that 's it 's too weak to be adventurous . 
  that is the important difference . 
  they invade and annex as well ? 
  the germans dispose of the unfit ones before they can be counted . 
  the gap is n't as wide as it looks . 
  so we should give terrorists a reasonable expectation of privacy in a cave in yemen ? 
  that has some link karma potential . 
  what is your problem ? 
  all i said was the guy did n't like restrictions on comments in this sub .
