  there are so many small initiatives like these that could be undertaken as the first steps in a stronger foreign policy . 
  the fact remains that you need international credibilty to ensure the continuation of the good things the eu a has brought about . 
  i personally would like to see a more multipolar world , which i believe would curtail american adventurism . 
  the one thing i ca n't figure out is how one interest rate can work for such varied economies . 
  this russia thing is an opportunity for the eu to cone together . 
  maybe the sanctions are the first step in this direction . 
  that is encouraging to hear about young germans , i 've had a few good conversations with some of them on reddit . 
  specifically about how the leftist/pacifists called the german president a nazi for saying they need to play a role in the defense structure of europe . 
  they also told me how these same people protested the world cup celebrations , and called the fans ouit of control nationalists . 
  that is just crazy to me . 
  what these pacifists don ; t understand is that the power vacuum left by germany is more likley to cause conflict than to prevent it . 
  you can not stick yuour head in the sand . 
  no country has accounted for its wrongs like germany ( i say this as an american jew ) , and we can trust them now . 
  they must function like a normal country now . 
  it does n't mean they have to take the lead on defense , but they can not have a purely defensive force either . 
  with regard to nationalism , europe is really , really freaking me out with that . 
  granted , as an american , i find ethno-nationalism of any type to be foreign and frightening . 
  i just feel as if there is an inevitable clash coming between non-intergrated immigrants and the `` local '' stock . 
  i do n't know what can be done , it 's like two parallel societies . 
  on the subject of nationalism , i find it a bit ironic that germany forced harsh austerity on greece after its experience with the weimar republic . 
  do n't they see that humiliation and economic deprivation lead to extremism ? 
  do n't get me wrong , greece is disgustingly corrupt and never should have been allowed into the eurozone , but the outcome of extreme austerity is extremism . 
  again , i believe that pan-europeanism may lead to the direct opposite of what it intended . 
  i 'm not sure how such different countries are supposed to cooperate in a coherent manner . 
  i believe the uk will exit shortly , and the us reduces its profile every day . 
  this paints the eu in a very weak light , something putin has taken note of . 
  a strong german-franco-polish defense structure would go a long way towards security in europe , but i do not know if it is possible . 
  in the middle of all this , france is still selling the carriers to russia !, 
  how has there not been an eu solution to this ? 
  split the cost on a gdp basis , and pay france for the ships . 
  then sail them under the eu flag . 
  i think this would have symbolic value . 
  anyway , i 'm worried these days . 
  i believe most of the cause is ignorance , and the rest is greed . 
  i 'm an attorney , and i started working in the mortgage securitization biz in 2004 . 
  by 2005 i was freaking out and telling everyone i knew the apocalypse was coming . 
  my brother meanwhile was making these securitizations at lehman . 
  he told me it was literally impossible for housing prices to go down . 
  i told him it happened in the gd , he said it could never happen again . 
  he also said the fed would never let it happen . 
  i kept telling him to sell his stock , he held onto it until it zeroed out . 
  that being said , he survived the mess and now makes even more money , the bastard . 
  but people honestly ca n't be bothered to learn or care about history , and it 's sad . 
  i think some of the hardcore pacifists ( especially in germany ) are suffering from serious cognitive dissonance now , and are lashing out . 
  it does n't matter if you do n't want to fight , there are still negative forces out there , and ignoring it wo n't fix it . 
  another thing that completely seems to fly over a lot of peoples heads is the resurgence of nationalism . 
  that is a whole other bag of worms . 
  ironically pan-europeanism has given rise to regionalism , some of which is counterproductive . 
  maybe science will fix things , but i always say , humans are no smarter than yeast in a petri dish , who kill themselves with their own excrement . 
  will kill ourselves with co2 . 
  well i know you irish do n't hate us , or at least me . 
  i studied in london for a semester , and the people there , and in the uk in general can be a little bit cold . 
  and i 'm from nyc , which is n't a super cuddly place . 
  after a few months there , we took a trip to dublin , and right away i noticed that everyone was pretty damn friendly and did n't mind bullshiting with each other . 
  our cab driver even spoke to us !, 
  had a great time , and i think the irish way of dealing with strangers is quite similar to americans . 
  also , no one in my crew had any irish blood , so we did n't start in with the `` olde country '' shit , probably helped !, 
  more than a few , a whole bunch . 
  just because we scream all the time ?!?!, 
  merci beaucoup !, 
  i wonder what would have happened if he had said you were americans . 
   i 'm always amazed how many europeans think that we have now become too intelligent and too good at communicating to let the history of endless war in europe repeat itself +3 trillion !, 
  for god 's sake , wwi was called the war to end all wars . 
  however , i think this type of thing is quite common with humans . 
  almost all the folks alive during wwii are now gone . 
  we had a similar situation here in the us with deregulation . 
  all the folks that were around for the great depression passed , and `` new folks '' dismantled the regulatory framework that was meant to prevent another crisis , and look what happened . 
  humanity is so predictable . 
  * wodka, 
  i studied in london , one of my closest friends was from bournemouth , the other from newcastle . 
  man did they abuse each other , it was fucking hilarious . 
  i have no english blood at all , a mix of eastern european and austrian jews and sicilian . 
  my wife is part welsh if that makes you happy , and no , i am not a sheep . 
  i agree with you on the anglosphere bit . 
  us/canada/nz / uk/austalia need to stick together . 
  i say that in / r/europe and get downvoted so hard . 
  fuck europe and fuck nato , we can not count on them . 
  the uk will be out of the eu soon enough , you can get all the qualified people you want without belonging to it . 
  and you are right , you have these people moving there who have no intention of becoming british . 
  immigrating here is tough , but maybe if you immigrated to canada and worked for an american company , you could swing it . 
  canada is n't bad either , they are n't very different from us at all . 
  i hope you get to move here one day , we need all the good people we can get . 
  you bastard !!!, 
  we will avenge these acts of terrorism !!!, 
  prepare for some freedom !, 
  are you from the north ? 
  did they guy give you braveheart style face paint ? 
  you might enjoy this / r/floridaman . 
  no , it is a cesspool of ignorance where so many negative american stereotypes are true . 
  plus half the place is originally from new jersey . 
  kill it with fire . 
  well i 'm glad we were n't a spanish colony , which may explain florida . 
  you were never an ireland , that much is true . 
  i think the sanctions will galvanize support for him . 
  but we shall see . 
  i think the sanctions will galvanize support for him . 
  but we shall see . 
  i 'm not trying to be difficult , but i suggest you speak to expat russians . 
  they will explain the russian desire for a strong leader , and how deep their nationalism runs . 
  i honestly believe he has very , very strong support .
