  eastern europe is clamoring for us . 
  shall we send them to reeducation camps ? 
  patriotism may be foreign to you , but i 'd argue that nationalism/xenophobia is at its highest point in many places in europe than it has been in a long time . 
  after wwii , the ideological cold war distracted everyone from this scourge . 
  what about the euro ? 
  do the countries in it want to stay in it ? 
  we will be waiting for you with open arms . 
  why would we understand it ? 
  we still are a superpower . 
  what i would like to see is much more capable allies , and reduced american presence abroad . 
  however , there should be facilities left behind that we could easily mobilize to if needed . 
  we 100 % are pushing for japan to invest more in their military , and they are . 
  but we are n't doing it so we can abandon them , we are asking them to do so to be more self sufficient and independent . 
  not to mention that us bases irritate many japanese ( especially on okinawa ) . 
  but we have a treaty with them , and will protect them . 
  this is what i do n't get , if we have put our troops everywhere , we are horrible bullies . 
  if we tell other countries to build up their own military , we are abandoning them . 
  us is bradley cooper , uk is the guy with the missing tooth , ussr is zach , and you are a brilliant motherfucker . 
  i know , 100 % true , just some australians have been annoying me on reddit , so i thought i 'd forsake their defense of their nation . 
  fun fact : wrote my senior thesis on echelon , the code name for 5 eyes in ' 99 . 
  before it was cool . 
  so ussr too ? 
  if `` we '' you mean the us and uk , sure . 
  i do n't think myself , or any other americans are critical of the uk with regard to your military , and your cooperation . 
  if nato was gone tomorrow , at an absolute minimum , uk/us/can would have an arrangement . 
  what you are saying is nice in theory , but that is n't how it works now . 
  now we do all the work and pay all the money , while most nato members do nothing , and offer nothing . 
  if they lived up to their obligations financially , and upgraded their capabilities so our military could actually work with them , then fine . 
  and if something were to come up , we could mobilize our troops there . 
  but right now its just a big spending program , t as far as europe goes . 
  i 'm much less pessimistic in asia , as sk and japan are active partners who invest in their own self defense , they are not freeloaders . 
  i want to see an integrated , european military force . 
  only thing that can make this happen at all is a little tough love . 
  not `` ok little buddy , we 'll take care of you . '', 
  my man , you get it . 
  yes this is true . 
  we have threatened to pull out in the past , we should do it now . 
  or at least when this blows over . 
  obviously the uk and us will continue to have some sort of pact . 
  perhaps ato ( anglosphere treaty organization ) , i certainly do not want to lose any cooperation with canada at all . 
  thank you . 
  please call the white house . 
  not sure if german tanks there would help heal wounds , or make it worse . 
  poland and the baltics seem to feel very threatened . 
  also , finland is not in nato , and actually takes it 's self defense quite seriously . 
  whether you want to help your eu bretheren is your call . 
  but for the core countries , they need to be working together . 
  dreaming is not an effective defense strategy unfortunately . 
  of course , portugal is pretty much the least guilty of any of this garbage , so please do n't take any of this as being directed to you !, 
  just to be clear here , i am against american military forces permanently based in europe , and i find nato to be useless . 
  i 'm also against the ridiculous power of the american military-industrial complex . 
  whether you have better things to spend money on is up to you . 
  why are chinese workers in siberia a nightmare for russia ? 
  like turkish `` guest-workers '' in germany ? 
  i 've lived in europe during the dream of the late '90s , and even then i could tell you guys still were not in love with each other . 
  to think you could put aside thousands of years of hate enough to not kill each other again , was achievable . 
  to try to totally integrate under one currency ? 
  not achievable . 
  to have a common defense force or policy ? 
  not achievable . 
  this should have never went past free trade and movement . 
  oil and gas . 
  i see someone has been paying attention . 
  i 'm sure you saw the massive anti-japanese riots the government organized a few years back . 
  you guys are in a union together . 
  why ca n't you do this ? 
  why should we ? 
  if you ca n't work together militarily in the face of a rising threat , will you ever be able to do so ? 
  ok , let 's say china does n't care about aus . 
  they do care about the various claims they have against countries we have treaties with , and that 's why we are concerned with the pacific . 
  oh i know , many of them live here in nyc , and they like us , and are nice to us !, 
  their western european neighbors have completely failed them however . 
  you speak for 22m people , or know what they all think ? 
  guess what , your elected government cares , so it does n't really matter what you think . 
  you think me being pissed off about iraq stopped george w ? 
  and it does n't matter if australians do n't care about china if in 20 years , china cares about you . 
  it 's an awesome deal for you , not so great for us , besides for military contractors at least . 
  and what exactly would you do about our `` hypocrisy '' anyway ? 
  we were n't the ones leading the charge for war in syria or lybia ( though we followed like a mindless puppy ) . 
  you and the frenchies pushed that , and could n't even deliver in lybia . 
  looks like we would have been backing some great folks in syria too . 
  i 'm not going to criticize the uk and france very much , you guys take defense seriously , and do benefit us in some ways . 
  most of the rest of nato is useless to us . 
  and because everyone relies on us , they never developed their own capabilities , which is n't exactly helping the credibility of the eu . 
  china is telegraphing their intentions , hence , our response . 
  you are on a resource rich continent which only has 22m people , this is why your government is concerned about china . 
  my worry has much less to do with australia , and more to do with japan , who can put nukes on the table in a about a week . 
  things can get very ugly between them and china . 
  i suppose you are right , we do not have the type of treaty with taiwan we do with korea , japan and the philippines . 
  but we do still have obligations to them , and will respond to chinese provocations there . 
  luckily , it has been quiet , and they trade a lot with each other . 
  funny , i just pasted a bit in the adiz to savanahjeff . 
  here is some background : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-pacific-13748349 also see this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_defense_identification_zone_%28east_china_sea%29 there is a lot of gas and oil involved as well . 
  personally , i 'd like to see the us disengage in a lot of places , but i 'd disengage in europe before the pacific . 
  i do n't even see how nato benefits us . 
  who would even make the argument we are doing this out of the kindness of our heart ? 
  i 've never seen an american on here say that . 
  you can tell eastern europe to stop begging us for help though , their friends in western europe should help them . 
  do n't forget taiwan and korea . 
  you are aware that australia is one of our allies that we seek to protect in the pacific right ?
