  i 'm a gun owner and lawyer in ny . 
  i kept track of the federal suit to repeal the safe act , as well as keeping up with stuff like * heller * . 
  ct. [ us ] ) basically said a municipality could not unilaterally just ban all firearms . 
  the case against safe said that states can reasonably regulate firearms . 
  the judge did make the state change the max mag capacity from 7 to 10 , on the ground that 7 was arbitrary , and you could n't even get mags in that size . 
  denmark has a number opt outs from the eu , right ? 
  you never have to join the euro at least . 
  is n't that an indication that denmark was always concerned with keeping at least some of its sovereignty ? 
  i 'm not saying you guys are as skeptical as the uk , but you might be less enthusiastic than france and germany . 
  if denmark lost faith in the eu , that would have a lot of ramifications . 
  i know . 
  the press and politicians have a narrative they chose , and they are going to stick to it no matter what . 
  just like before the iraq war , the press printed every bullshit report from our government that said iraq had chemical weapons , and was working on nukes . 
  we were told night after night for months that all this bad shit was going to happen if we did n't invade . 
  now your governments and press say that all this is `` good '' for europe . 
  the fact that you and i are in this sub now means that we are paying way more attention than 95 % of americans . 
  the news says it 's all refugees , so they just believe it . 
  it 's like you have to dig and dig to even find anything about that . 
  it 's really like the press is trying to direct the narrative . 
  but i do n't know why it would be aimed at americans . 
  is that like truthers for birds ? 
  no way we would stand for it . 
  i 'm guessing those people are under the misapprehension that all these migrants are refugees from war . 
  i honestly have no problems with actual refugees getting asylum . 
  all the economic migrants , nope , go home . 
  silly as the brits !, 
  and you do have antwerp ... 
  skeptical turkeys apparently, 
  a lot do n't true . 
  it 's funny , i studied in london a long time ago , and two of my friends were muslim , and i was only vaguely aware that muslims are n't supposed to drink . 
  so i was always trying to make them drink , but they never told me that they were n't allowed to because their religion . 
  so i guess i 'm a nazi or something . 
  jews go to bars , they are n't banned from alcohol or anything . 
  my bosniak friends drink a lot . 
  are you american , because that really is n't how it works . 
  they are n't saying you ca n't bring any guns , just handguns , and recently `` assault rifles . '', 
  do n't get me wrong , ny has stupid laws , but they do have the right to those laws under the constitution . 
  only fascists follow the law in their mind . 
  states have their own regulations . 
  a lot of states recognize other state 's permits , not ny . 
  for the schengen to be set up without a eu border force ( that could be staffed by nationals of the country where the external border is ) was completely insane . 
  everyone let greece , malta and italy get shit on for years . 
  i 've always been a euroskeptic , but even i did not forsee this level of disfunction . 
  the grandstanding appears as absolute insanity to me . 
  the american media has been shameful , but trust me , the american people get it . 
  it is 100 % socially acceptable here to be against illegal immigration . 
  what ?? 
  hungary vs. balkans again !, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm on mobile and drinking a beer on the train . 
  i advise anschluss between flanders and the netherlands . 
  i did n't see this incident coming . 
  i got ta tell you , i always get annoyed at western europeans lecturing us , but they think you are worse than americans !, 
  i 'm not crying about it . 
  someone in sweden is though . 
  i 've read a few geopolitical books where they try to predict the future ; denmark and netherlands are always predicted to be partners with the us . 
  you are at strategic points , you have rotterdam , and both of your countries ( or governments anyway ) have been very pro-american since wwii . 
  so yeah , we 'll be with you . 
  reminds me of when idiots from texas bring guns to ny and get arrested . 
  is it time for the eu civil war ? 
  they pepper sprayed the migrants . 
  eu nations sitting down and coming to an agreement ? 
  right . 
  but they love us . 
  the eu is full of opt outs . 
  security opt out for ireland/finland/sweden , countries have opted out of the euro , uk gets a rebate , and so on and so forth . 
  wow , that was pretty brazen thing to do . 
  he is talking about uk folks calling germans nazis today . 
  there is still a bit of anti-german animosity there . 
  not a lot , but it 's there . 
  yes , because you want to be with the russians so much . 
  denmark is probably second only to the uk as far as good relations with the us in eu countries . 
  how about denmark/uk + intermarium and the us , and we scrap nato . 
  maybe the dutch would join too . 
  then we marginalize everyone else and dominate . 
  you guys would have amazing relations with the us . 
  but that is a factually correct statement . 
  that is no defense , huh ? 
  i 'm sure this is playing very well to the uk audience . 
  the `` yes '' vote people must be shitting themselves . 
  they are fucking up relations with everyone , not just poland . 
  i do n't think they take into consideration how other countries will react . 
  what is the mainstream opinion in denmark on the eu ? 
   ( socially liberal , lots of drinking , decriminalized drug laws , very attractive women who do n't mind showing it off , women who are mentally strong and do n't take shit from men , very secular ) i 'd like to claim asylum in czechia please . 
  i 'm on board with you , i think the way europe `` handles '' it is insane and suicidal . 
  ya unclefucker . 
  when i said in theory , i did n't mean your run of the mill crime . 
  stuff like genocidal dictators and mass murderers . 
  like stalin for example , if he was tried for crimes against humanity for everything he did to people in the ussr , i 'd be ok with him being hanged . 
  you do n't need someone like that , who has sympathizers , sticking around . 
  that is 100 % why it is n't done that way . 
  you are guilty or not , not extra guilty . 
  what would brian botany do by gwar is so fucking great . 
  that one never gets old . 
  i have n't seen south park since the movie came out . 
  was it an open debate , or was it hindered by political correctness ? 
  no one in my family has lived in europe since the 1890s , but according to some of you , i 'm european because i 'm white . 
  ridiculous . 
  ireland and uk use the common law . 
  are they european ? 
  people are caght up in some kind of pc hysteria which i am unable to understand .
