  that is house of cards level insanity . 
  do n't do that to yourself . 
  actually , this might wake people the fuck up . 
  for me , that 's the scariest thing in this whole nightmare . 
  the voters did have the guts , it was rigged . 
  well said . 
  i thought germans cared a lot , but `` christian '' parties doe n't give a shit . 
  anyway , big questions like brexit are not great for referendums , but i think legalizing marajauna is appropriate for one . 
  if i recall correctly , there were all kinds of treaties requiring that in order for you to get sovereignty . 
  perhaps it can still be done . 
  all about anger . 
  on the other hand , it might finally spur true european security cooperation . 
  it 's not healthy for the us or the eu for us to be responsible for your security in totality . 
  yes they are pansies , but perhaps this will wake some of them up . 
  at least they could fund defense for you , baltics , poland , romania . 
  perhaps an existential threat can reawaken a sense of self preservation . 
  germany would have gay marriage if you had referendums . 
  personally , i like how we got it , by judicial decision . 
  fundamental rights are not dependent on voters choosing to let you exercise those rights , but i guess it 's better than nothing . 
  eh , he 's not really a big finance guy . 
  they have never respected him , and they are for free trade . 
  this is why they preferred hillary , and why the markets are tanking right now . 
  spot on, 
  where you study ? 
   especially my own country should change its cowardly stance . 
  are n't you constitutionally neutral ? 
   any tips for staying awake ? 
  cocaine, 
  nato might be kaput . 
  you should be . 
  lead the eu military movement , you are certainly competent enough to do it . 
  i think they know those jobs are gone forever , they just want to punish the free traders . 
  the leadership of the party actively worked against bernie , the emails are there . 
  donna brazille gave her questions for the deabtes before hand . 
  the repubs were against trump , but relented in the face of their voters , the dems , not so much . 
  it was rigged against bernie , it 's not a consioracy theory . 
  and putin/assange played that to make bernie folks too angry to vote , or to vote for trump . 
  gingrich , christie , giuliani were fringe in the sense they are n't traditional evangelicals or whatever . 
  however , once trump got the nomination , most did fall in line behind him , even if half assed . 
  i expect trump to put paul ryan out to pasture on day one . 
  as for the voters , the r voters in the primary , to be expected . 
  in the general election , have to be a lot of bernie people who just could n't vote for her , and i understand that . 
  the dnc forced her on them . 
  it 's just awful . 
  the r party did not want trump . 
  time for me to crack open a berlinner weisse , goes great with valium . 
  low abv, 
  i think trump is fine with a syria that is a russian protectorate , and hosts russian bases . 
  perhaps he will advocate for the kurdish portion to be broken off , along with the kurdish portion of iraq , especially the oil rich area around mosul . 
  i think he cares so little for nato that he does n't care that turkey will lose their mind . 
  and he cares so little for nato that he is n't overly concerned with russia 's eastern aggression . 
  hell , if he wins , it 's bc putin 's hacking . 
  the can sit down and carve up spheres of influence like the old days . 
  as for the saudis , he does not like them , and they are not fans of his islam comments . 
  and truth be told , we are making so much of our own carbon energy we do n't need them as much anymore , and we are making biog strides in renewables . 
  i see our ties with them degrading regardless of who wins . 
  ultimately all this could easily degenerate into regional wars , but i do n't think trump gives a shit , and sit and watch it burn . 
  maybe he wants autarky for us . 
  nice !, 
  polish it off with a red bull and vodka . 
   how can you coordinate foreign policy aims with a state that has interests that are antithetical to your own ? 
  that 's the difference , trump is happy to split things up with putin , he is n't interested in what has been our geopolitical goals since wwii . 
  he will sell out ee , he does n't care . 
  he thinks europe is full of ungrateful moochers . 
  at best , he is unpredictable . 
  i wo n't even bother trying to defend us , because it 's indefensible . 
  anything he does in the me will be coordinated with russia , it would be quick . 
  but i see hillary being much more interventionist and adversarial . 
  but i really have no clue what trump would actually do . 
  my personal concern is the supreme court . 
  then fuck it , skip class and drink . 
  i have to go to traffic court . 
  imagine trump wins and then i get a massive fine and a huge insurance increase ? 
  what an awesome day . 
  ugh , just not sure how they are getting that number . 
  oh well , if he wins , it could be good for eu unity , so there is that . 
  no , it is n't everything , it rotates . 
  prez every 4 , senate every 6 , house rep every two . 
  here in ny , trial judges every 12 . 
  i only had 5 positions to vote for , from president to the local district attorney . 
  if we get in an economic crisis , everyone does . 
  we might go full isolationist . 
  best case scenario , eu finally integrates from a security standpoint . 
  it 's all about nafta , if there was just a dem running who never supported nafta ... 
  no hate speech, 
  we will go full isolationist . 
  95 % now, 
  best campaign manager of all time . 
  this is n't recreational pill popping , this is `` i 'm getting chest pains '' pill popping . '', 
  for me , the biggest deal is that he will stack the supreme court with lunatics that will last a generation . 
  it 's now 95 % , not sure how they get that number . 
  this is so bad . 
  i 'm popping valiums over here . 
  bruh, 
  and we could have asked for you to allow us our very own constitution along with canada in 1981 . 
  i say no sir , no !!, 
  white owned , most of the players are black . 
  even more shamefully , the owner is jewish , and should know better than to promote racist symbols . 
  turks and google, 
  indeed .
