  they need legal weed . 
   spanish city councils routinely vote on issues so important for their citizens as the legitimacy of israeli settlements or strikes which occur on companies which do n't even have presence on the city . 
  do they think they are making a difference or something ? 
  would you be opposed to a federal external border protection agency ? 
  possibly with military units for purely defensive purposes ? 
  no us involvement . 
  mmm, 
  in military/intelligence matters , germany is not an equal partner to the us . 
  the 5 eyes are treated the best , and in on the continent , denmark and netherlands are much closer allies , and we become closer to the baltics and poland everyday . 
  i honestly think the entire thing is regrettable . 
  it 's such a aberration to have the us providing the primary defense force for very , very wealthy and stable democracies , it 's insane . 
  but the eu has not reached the point where it can work together on such matters . 
  greece and italy begged the rest of the eu for years for help with refugees via frontex and naval power . 
  no one gave a shit . 
  even now , in the face of millions of migrants , external borders are not being taken seriously . 
  greece just got scolded for not doing enough . 
  they are broke !!, 
  until nato nations , or the eu step up and work together , we will be the boss . 
  you are aware that is has been official american policy for over a decade to beg euro countries to take more responsibility for their own defense i 'm sure . 
  it 's sad that things are moving backwards on this front . 
  sure , but does n't it bother people that activities they do not approve of are being launched from their nation ? 
  obviously there is a very easy way to stop all this , but as the article states , we are going towards more us involvement in europe . 
  a shame really . 
  but which swiss ? 
  the the king is not merely acting in a ceremonial role ? 
  he is making choices ? 
  they ca n't even get their forces there ( besides france/uk ) . 
  joe sixpack ca n't afford to live in brooklyn anymore . 
  good luck . 
  if people on reddit did n't make claims about things they did n't know about , comment volume would drop by 80 % . 
  i think the angle they are going for is `` if euro nato countries actually lived up to their commitments , the us would n't step up and cover it . '', 
  not everyone is aware that finland is ( edit : not ) in nato . 
  also , remember the 500k user poll ? 
  half the people in here are teenagers , do n't expect so much from everyone . 
  anyone who knows military history has a very healthy respect for finland . 
  american citizens are bitching about the american government doing this . 
  not really bitching at the europeans , and certainly not at finland . 
  i do n't think british criticisms annoy americans , you have proven time and again that you can be counted on . 
  i do think there is a lot of resentment in germany towards the american presence in their nation , and that it leads to anti-americanism . 
  understandable . 
  i do n't think it 's such an issue in other countries , like italy for example . 
  plenty of us bases there . 
  one must sacrifice in order to destroy homosex . 
  and that 's how you get boris as pm . 
  i thought you would take this opportunity to focus on border security . 
  just kidding , the eu will continue to do nothing . 
  i 'm not happy about subsidized we , but i can deal with helping out poland and the baltics . 
  they are good allies , and do not have the means to defend themselves yet . 
  helping countries that want to defend themselves , fine with me . 
  yay , i 'm glad you are having fun on my tax money !, 
  enlist now . 
  yeah , not much different than american students . 
  yeah , but he basically said all brits suck . 
  we have plenty of nice expats living here , usually work in finance . 
  i 'll worry about the chinese when they stop pooping in the street . 
  i like you , you do n't listen to him . 
  there are many nice brits here in nyc . 
  bullshit , you guys are 1000 times worse . 
  there is a reason the irish are so popular , they are nice !!!, 
  of course not all brits are bad , just the lads . 
  meh , i do n't think that is common . 
  nyc is full of young irish people , and they are nice as fuck , and at worst are the same as american college kids . 
  i went to a wedding in ireland this summer that was attended by mostly english . 
  they were atrocious . 
  puking all over and getting kicked out of the pub in a tiny little village , passing out all over the place , harassing staff . 
  it was somewhat amusing , but they were acting like animals . 
  i was in hvar a few years ago , and managed to see a bit of boobies . 
  and there were nudist everywhere in secluded coves . 
  seemed laid back to me . 
  women still go topless in miami . 
   humanity is supposed to progress forward , not to slip back . 
  things got shitty in europe for 1000 years after rome . 
  thing do not always get better . 
  so cute, 
  so what kind of impression does the neglect of the military in most of europe make ? 
  lol , no i 'm not michael . 
  in case you have n't met too many of us canadians/americans , every time we meet a nice person from abroad , we try to convert them to one of us . 
  we want all the good people we can get . 
  contrast that to the uk and their attitude the uk and romanians ... 
  this is why we do n't have integration issues . 
  i was born an american , i love it here , but if you chose to become an american , you are already a better american than me . 
  same with canadians . 
  of course , that only goes for legal immigrants . 
  nothing wrong with staying in romania of course . 
  in the tiny town in ny where i used to live we had some transylvanian royalty . 
  the guy who owns dracula 's castle . 
  i demand you move to the anglosphere . 
  well , not the uk , the `` new '' anglosphere . 
  more than that , one language . 
  are you a native english speaker ? 
  you write very well . 
  that 's the lion on my cheese !, 
  damn , i want some of that shit . 
  the guy was just making a joke . 
  i got ta ask you , what the heck is an elvishcopter ? 
  but they do n't charge interest . 
  lol , do they do this to you in person when you visit the uk ? 
  they do it to me , and with how much we are in the news , i get it . 
  switzerland is a lot safer than the uk , and he is still giving you shit !!, 
  it 's that kind of thinking that has led to an opt-out porn filter , and the criminalization of fisting .
