  aud and prince joachim 3.3 million kroner in annuities . 
  princess mary receives 1.87 million . 
  ( $ 10 % ) of the annuities accruing to crown prince frederik . 
  queen margrethe , prince consort , princess benedikte , crown prince frederik and crown princess mary , prince joachim and princess marie pays either rt or act of acquired motor vehicles , income tax or vat . 
  however , they are subject to the general rules for payment of inheritance and gift tax , and property taxes . 
  [ 4 ] also prince joachim 's former wife , countess alexandra receive annuities from the state - a total of 2.1 million . 
  you also get count ingolf 1.5 million kroner . 
  neither alexandra or the count is in the order of succession to the danish throne . 
  translated from : http://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/apanage, 
  the question is quite easily answered , i would go take a look at the chart i just posted , and then compared that to presidency costs of similar countries , an a educated guess can be made . 
  i 'm not saying that cost is everything , but it is certainly important . 
  i did not claim to be able to get into down to the cent . 
  an important thing , which you do not seem to get , is that is repugnant to modern thought to have a human being enshrined in law with special status by accident of birth . 
  so paying someone to live in lavish style because of who they were born to , is different then spending money on a duly appointed president selected by parliament . 
  that would be part of the cost benefit analysis . 
  in any event , i 'm not sure if your mother drank a lot while pregnant , you were choked with your own umbilical cord during delivery or you have suffered severe head trauma , but your focus on pedantry is really not an effective debate tactic . 
  `` we ca n't possibly discuss something , because we do n't know exaclty what the outcome of a reasonably observable and predictable outcome would be , we should not think about it at all . '', 
  my lord , i 'm again going to break my own rule and reply to an all caps name with balls in it . 
  i was asking a danish person how much their monarchy costs , it was not a blanket statement for every monarchy on earth . 
  i was trying to get actual facts so i could make a judgement on denmark . 
  your counterpoint , to bring up president obama demonstrates a complete lack of understanding . 
  the us president is the head of state , commander in chief and chief executive . 
  no modern european nation has a monarchy with those powers , their powers are akin to a president in a republican parliamentary system . 
  so if you want to ask which is cheaper , compare it to those . 
  in the chart below , germany , ( which is a federal constitutional parliamentary republic ) is included . 
  see below that it is cheaper . 
  here the chart : https://facthai.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/cost-of-monarchy.png here is more info : https://facthai.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/a_comparison_of_modern_monarchies.pdf http://facthai.wordpress.com/2012/03/17/a-comparison-of-modern-monarchies-dr-david-streckfuss/ again , i 'm going to make an excuse for you , that english may not be your fist language and you misunderstood me . 
  either that , or you are 14 years old , in which case , i ai n't even mad . 
  very true . 
  i 'm going to try to not be rude here , but it is obvious you do n't have much of an understanding of political science . 
  are you referring to obama because i am an american ? 
  are you not aware there are many parliamentary republics , and parliamentary constitutional republics ? 
  there are also places like russia and france that have semi-presidential systems ( a president and a prime minister ) . 
  if you want to speak purely about costs , i presume a parliamentary constitutional republic is the cheapest because the head of state is pretty much an honorific title with a very small office . 
  maybe presidential and semi-presidential systems cost more , but the president is an active member of the executive , not just a figurehead like a monarch or a president of a parliamentary republic . 
  my question was whether it is worth supporting a family in a lavish lifestyle of palaces and leisure , not an inquiry to various styles of government . 
  many royal families are very , very rich , and could maintain themselves of their own funds . 
  eh , i should prob stick to ignoring people with all caps names . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you are asking , maybe you are just being a wise ass . 
  the monarchy is an actual thing with expenses , a republic is a system of government . 
  countries in europe with a monarchy still have to pay for government . 
  if they are able to to decline their royal status without fuss , then i do n't think it is such a terrible thing for that person . 
  and of course we all feel like that , if you are born to a famous family , you will have more or less the same issues . 
  it just seems strange to me that a person would get a different legal status in the eyes of the state simply by dint of birth . 
  of course i also understand that this is something that has been going on for thousands of years , and probably just taken for granted and accepted . 
  it is n't about caring about fake internet points , it is about regulating the quality of the content on reddit . 
  my question was direclty related to your assertion that the monarchy is useful for various reasons . 
  since you framed it in utilitarian terms , the cost of maintaining the monarchy is relevant to that . 
  relevant questions should not get downvotes . 
  not to mention that this is a 6 hour old post with 0 points and very few comments . 
  it is n't like i was going to get 500 karma for writing `` this ! '', 
  i 'm not saying that they have no personal life whatsoever , or that they are on tv 24/7 , i 'm saying that they did not make a conscious choice to become a royal . 
  i assume they are required to execute certain functions , and more or less have no choice in the matter . 
  unless you are saying in denmark that a royal can say `` i do not wish to be a royal anymore , '' and then they are left alone . 
  that may very well be the case , i do n't know . 
  again , thanks for the downvote . 
  first of all , thanks for the downvote . 
  second of all , of course he is acting , he is a politician , they are all actors . 
  every single politician on earth . 
  just because he holds himself out like that , it does n't mean anyone ( besides his hardcore supporters ) supporters actually buys it . 
  but if you want to talk about acting , how is any royal person not acting ? 
  they are some of the few people left that literally has no say in their personal development . 
  maybe they would not like to be a royal , maybe they just want to be a normal , regular person who wants to live a simple , quiet life . 
  but they are not given that choice , they born into a role that they must accept , whether they like it or not . 
  at least a politician has chosen to get involved and to run for office . 
  i actually feel bad for some of these royals , who literally had no say in how their life was to turn out . 
  what ? 
  praising a political person ? 
  like voting and campaigning for them ? 
  you lost me . 
  what is the cost to maintain the monarchy ? 
  you do n't , you have it tattooed on a peasant 's back , and make him display himself prostrate to those whom dare to question your pedigree . 
  my friend , what are you doing to ensure the departure of the despot ? 
  please define xenophobic in the context of you deleting comments . 
  jaques chirac wrote that . 
  his majesty juan carlos the first , by the grace of god , the king of spain , king of castile , of le\u00f3n , of aragon , of the two sicilies , of jerusalem , of navarre , of granada , of seville , of toledo , of valencia , of galicia , of sardinia , of c\u00f3rdoba , of corsica , of murcia , of ja\u00e9n , of the algarves , of algeciras , of gibraltar , of the canary islands , of the east and west indies , of the islands and mainland of the ocean sea ; archduke of austria ; duke of burgundy , of brabant , of milan , of athens and neopatria ; count of habsburg , of flanders , of tyrol , of roussillon , and of barcelona ; lord of biscay and of molina de arag\u00f3n ; captain general and supreme commander of the royal armed forces ; sovereign grand master of the order of the golden fleece and of the orders awarded by the spanish state , does not approve of you displaying that separatist flag . 
  immediately change your flair to the rightful spanish flag , and report to the nearest office of the ministry of the interior . 
  anyone who falls for their veneer of civility is not the sharpest knife in the drawer . 
  s&c is responsible for much of the evil and greed on this planet . 
  how could anyone not know by now ? 
  why the fuck do people go there , and expect it to be like the west ? 
  i would never go anywhere that islamic law exists . 
  not bad luck ... 
  how long were you in ` murica for ? 
  you know , i do have a friend who eats quite a bit of fast food , and his kidneys and liver are screwed up !!, 
  the doc told him to stop , but he does n't . 
  he isn ; t fat or anything , but i guess he is n't that healthy . 
  he lived in tulsa before moving to the nyc area , so he is prob the norm out there !, 
  are you in college or hs ? 
  i do n't know any adult who eats fast food more then a couple times a year . 
  you are good guy european guy . 
  i like you . 
  eh , i would n't say 2 to 3 times , unless you are talking about disgusting chain restaurants . 
  there is n't any shame in america in bringing home the uneaten portion for later , so not all of us eat it all . 
  however , there really is a growing segment of people here who are complete slobs . 
  i 'm not sure what is going on , maybe because so many people eat fast food and at chains . 
  even here in nyc i am seeing a lot more fat people . 
  10 years ago , this was not the case . 
  i think you can thank the continental breakfast for relatively low obesity rates . 
  and smoking .
