  civil war is imminent ... 
  then come to ` murica , we make every style ... mmmm ipa, 
  yes , the two cultures is very puzzling to me . 
  can you speak each others language generally , or do you resort to a third nuetral language ? 
  is there not much interaction ? 
  i absoulutley love your beers , and hope to visit one day . 
  is the beer more specific to one culture or the other ? 
  or can you all agree it is freaking awesome ? 
  just clicked `` submitted '' for your username and saw this , so please forgive the stalking . 
  i just to mention that the fact that the socialist workers party supporting the royal family is insane to me . 
  should hereditary privilege go against everything they believe in ? 
  this post caught my eye , way back when i dated a beautiful spanish girl who went to uni in alicante , she was from benissa . 
  amazing area . 
  hope things get better there for you guys . 
  temporary de-kinging , huh . 
  interesting . 
  so the royal family is catholic and francophone ? 
  what do the walloons think of this ? 
  your history is fascinating . 
  is there any chance there could be a voluntary dissolution of the regions ? 
  are there are any hard facts on the economic advantages ? 
  i always here this from royal proponents , but have n't seen any hard data on it . 
  as far as being well received , is this for inter-european trade ? 
  does it impress others ? 
  what are the fiscal costs associated with maintaining the monarchy ? 
  if you ever see an american saying that , punch him in the face . 
  but seriously , you have heard an american say that ? 
  my favorite british word ( which i do n't get to use ) is whilst . 
  no idea why we have n't adopted that one , it is so useful . 
  stop !, 
  you are letting the imperialists win !, 
  i 'm sure you have a developing beer scene there , but to say that you have the best beer in the world , or that you have better beer then belgium , is unsupportable . 
  do you think it is necessary for you to have a king at this point ? 
  just read the bit on leopold 's return after the war . 
  that guy sucked , huh ? 
  what are the requirements of a belgian king , that this man can not do ? 
  you damn brits and your effective self-deprecation ... 
   ( read : badly dressed , loud american-types ) you crack me up , in fact over the past week or so i have noticed how gloriously lacking in self awareness some uk redditors are ( in contrast to actual uk humans which i have met ) . 
  when i was in europe , all i heard from continentals was that the english are the most loutish , drunken , rude tourists there are . 
  you were accused of puking and pissing in public , passing out in the street and generally just being out of control animals . 
  but yes , by all means , the middle aged couple from missouri who wear khaki pants and fannypacks are the ultimate nightmare of parisians , and all other civilized peoples . 
  i guess the financial press makes it sound worse than it is . 
  oh , everything is just great ? 
  maybe it is a `` let 's make the one bright spot in our economy even better , because everything else is going to shit . '', 
  everyone likes swedes ... 
  the greeks are much , much better at it then you guys . 
  did you just wake up from a coma ? 
  oh , i know all about it . 
  i dated a very proud catalan girl !, 
  king jaun carlos does not approve of your seperatist language . 
  harsh as hell . 
  yeah , imagine that , people being required to make their own decisions ? 
  now do n't get me wrong , i think some regulation is great , like in nyc chain restaurants are required to post the calorie content . 
  but trying to ban large sodas like mayor bloomberg attempted to is a little bit much . 
  luckily a lot of progress is being made with the younger generation , as they are being provided with a much more extensive education on nutrition than there used to be . 
  fair enough point . 
  first of all , i am not trying to bash italy , nor am i saying that because germans have a shorter lunch , they are prosperous . 
  i am just saying it is reflective of their culture of industriousness . 
  as for saying the euro crisis is temporary , i think the inability of each nation to set their own interest rates is a fatal flaw . 
  spain plead to the ecb to raise rates for years to temper the insane building boom that was going on there . 
  some countries need lower rates , some need higher , one size fits all is not going to work . 
  i salute you , i hate when i am in a public toilet with a full stall , and someone sits next to me . 
  what i was trying to convey is that they are prosperous because they work hard and just have a quick lunch . 
  it is reflective of their culture . 
  no one puts ice in beer . 
  who ever did that to you is mentally unstable . 
  seriously , i have never heard of that . 
  most . 
  stressful . 
  poop . 
  ever . 
  very interesting . 
  my friend married a girl from toronto , i 'm going tohave to get to the bottom of this . 
  i found your comment on `` fakeness '' to be extremely insightful . 
  thx . 
  `` also , turns out in germany most people just eat a sandwich for lunch . 
  it 's like , nobody even goes home or to a restaurant for lunch . '', 
  you think this has something to do with their prosperity ? 
  i have never heard of this in my entire life . 
  you think it was just that crew , or did you see it more than once ? 
  this would be considered ridiculously rude in the us, 
  swiss guy gets federalism . 
  so true , i mean i live in nyc and we literally do not have one good bakery . 
  thanks for spreading your knowledge !, 
  thank you for the answer . 
  as you can tell , my question was very short . 
  the only racism i was referring to was the lack of opportunity , i would not accuse the swedish people of being racist themselves . 
  as far as the gender equality , that has gone too far is you ask me . 
  i believe the biggest issue facing sweden ( and most of europe ) would be self-segregation/non-assimilation of immigrants , particularly muslims . 
  if you make life so comfortable people that they have no need to get a job , learn the language and culture , they are not going to do so . 
  in a way , i sort of understand . 
  i am an attorney for the state of new york , i am in a union , and short of showing up drunk , and murdering someone , i can not be fired . 
  in fact , there was an attorney who stabbed a coworker , and merely got sent home with pay for a few months , and ordered to get help . 
  sometimes it is tempting to say `` why work hard , nothing can happen . '', 
  so i can understand how immigrants who show up knowing nothing would say `` why should i learn swedish and work hard , i will be taken care of anyway . '', 
  in any event , i am sure scandinavian countries are doing better then the rest of europe , and the world , but even there , problems occur . 
  then enlighten me . 
  are you a turkish muslim ? 
  do you think you will be treated poorly ? 
  would you consider coming to the us ?
