  i do n't think it 's really a thing anymore . 
  though i like these guys : https://soundcloud.com/calyxteebee https://soundcloud.com/intelligentmanners i still love roni size , goldie , ed rush optical etc. 
  oh man , this is crazy . 
  i loved the blue note . 
  had one of the best nights of my life there . 
  hooked up with a girl from spain that i wsa in love with . 
  we ended up dating for years , and she moved ot the us . 
  and the fucking music !!, 
  did i ever have this chat with you in / r/dnb ? 
  i was there in ' 98 , which was about perfect if you ask me . 
  it was still kind of shitty , and you had to know where to find things . 
  home bar , cantaloupe , 333 , charlie 's . 
  no , i 'm just paranoid . 
  and yup , that is where we hung out pretty much 24/7 . 
  you round there now ? 
  my uk firends tell me ye olde hood is full of hipsters now . 
  the write up in time out used to say `` hang out with east end gangsters and students , just be careful . '', 
  and right down the street was cheap cheap booze . 
  you fucking cunt !!!, 
  do i have to delete this account ? 
  all that karma . 
  yup , i lived right by old street tube . 
  hackney/hoxton/shoreditch . 
  this was when it was still shady as hell , but cool places were popping up . 
  really was the best time ever . 
  i 'm not carrying a tray anywhere bud . 
  one of my friends will have to help me in that event . 
  i gotcha , just a language difference . 
  i dated a valencian catalan girl for a very long time , so i understand where you guys are coming from . 
  good luck to you in the future . 
  i studied in london before bars were allowed to be open past 11 . 
  when i found that was the case , i went into a deep depression and almost went home . 
  by some miracle , the shithole across the street was somehow considered a restaurant ( i never saw food once ) and was open till 3am . 
  went on to have an amazing time . 
   do n't worry , just pick them up and put them back in . 
  this is where not washing hands after peeing helps - the combined urine from everybody 's hands is a great antiseptic, 
  no , i just meant the economy is n't the strongest right now . 
  i would not confuse the largest with the strongest . 
  i totally do understand that , and i actually agree with the german court . 
  but having high ranking officials making all the statements massively increased the flow of refugees . 
  could n't she have just said `` i concur with , and will comply with the decision of the german constitutional court ? '', 
  it was handled so badly that i would not have believed it is possible to be done . 
  even they are n't ridiculous enough to endorse what merkel did . 
  because small states could not accomplish anything on their own . 
  merkel invited the strongest , and the richest . 
  fuck the sick and the poor . 
  the times is definitely pro-refugee , and i do believe they have said the us needs to do more . 
  that 's great , but he is n't american , or from an american institution . 
  i wonder how many more people will drown , and how many more terrorist smugglers will make billions because of merkel 's invitation . 
   alexander betts , the director of the refugee studies center at oxford university , is the author of `` survival migration : failed governance and the crisis of displacement . '', 
  it 's simple , you want access to our market , play by our rules . 
  as for the tax on foreign income , that only effects us citizens . 
  and i 'm sorry that the swiss no longer can help people around the world evade taxes , it must be very hard on them . 
  lol , you sound like a hick from upstate ny who complains about nyc , even though nyc pays for everything upstate . 
  and bc turkey . 
  were n't they required to buy some german equipment ? 
  how dare the us punish a company for flagrantly lying and damaging the environment !, 
  how dare the us punish fifa bribes and swiss banks !!, 
  yeah , smaller supra-states . 
  what about benelux ? 
  they are n't a bunch of clowns , but their migrant policy is insane . 
  it 's `` stealers wheels . '', 
  ( i kid , i kid ), 
  i 'm not sure how super they will be . 
  clowns to the left of you , jokers to the right . 
  poor finland . 
  eu should give greece a ton of money for border controls . 
  no wonder my family left europe in the 1880s . 
  we are n't sweden . 
  just because he is anti-immigration does not mean he would be a good president . 
  apparently you guys really go for it , you always rank high in the `` anti-semitic '' polls . 
  there aren ; t even any jews there ... is this how gd does well ? 
  that 's a different guy who had to be a troll . 
  this poor fellow just does n't recognize sarcasm sometimes . 
  i feel good for 6 months after using psilocybin . 
  i had looked into getting a setup to grow my own , but got lazy . 
  maybe i 'll finally do it . 
  would be amazing on a fall day with all the leaves bright yellow and red ... 
  shrooms are great . 
  is n't it insane to ban plants and fungi ? 
  i wonder if i could find finnish fungi online ... 
  i 'm kind of shocked that the gov would be so against weed . 
  then again , you have very strict alcohol controls , so maybe it 's natural ? 
  i wish our country , and especially my state of ny would grow up and legalize it . 
  it 's just an excuse to arrest non-violent offenders . 
  i went on vacation in colorado last year , it was heaven . 
  how much of a social stigma is it in finland ? 
  i 'm a lawyer , i would not admit i use it at work ... 
  `` serie '', 
  lion king , monk and house are your own culture ? 
  you are appropriating my appropriations , brah . 
  hillary is the worst , i do n't think she is electable either . 
  i 'm also a non-interventionist , we can let the eu take the lead . 
  lol . 
  he 'd be constrained by congress from going too far left in any event . 
  it 's very hard for them to serve the public , and usually the state ends up giving them money . 
  for example , the state of michigan put $ 140m into detroit 's pension fund so retired workers could continue to receive their payments . 
  creditors do not get wiped out , but some of them make take some losses . 
  the bankruptcy court appoints a trustee to work that out with the creditors . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chapter_9,_title_11,_united_states_code http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/11/us/detroit-bankruptcy-ending.html?_r=0,
