  then we 'll just go to you . 
  question , is quebec city very expensive to go at christmastime ? 
  i have to take the week between christmas and new year 's , though it might be a good time to go . 
  does n't sound like a single market to me . 
  i know you guys like to shop here . 
  no , no they were n't . 
  you might still be able to fool the others with your despotic queen , but not us !, 
  germany . 
  i just wish your government could be as honest as great german corporations like siemens and vw . 
  i do n't think the danes agree with swedish policies on migrants . 
  we should reconsider them as our `` friends . '', 
  do portuguese say hue hue hue hue ? 
  i prefer reddit . 
  i 'd say the same . 
  not going to happen bub . 
  best neighbors around , no doubt about it . 
  i suppose if you are in a white out blizzard you are n't going to be changing a tire anyway . 
  i still think it 's insane not to have a spare tire . 
  you went full monocle . 
  there is , quebec . 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  sure as hell not in the middle of nowhere ireland i was . 
  highways sure , but not rural backroads . 
  talent-wise they are pretty amazing , yeah . 
  also amazing coffee up there . 
  yum . 
  in ny we like quebec , montreal is a good time . 
  but young men with v8s cause even more damage . 
  obviously if that happens in a lot of places in the us you could die . 
  maybe not such an issue in uk or ireland , but i 'm guessing there are parts of europe ( perhaps northern scandinavia ) where that is n't a great idea . 
  i do n't know , maybe it 's just an irish thing . 
  all the uk people i met said their cars had them . 
  hell , i would have been happy with a can of that !!!, 
  in the us you must have a spare unless you car has run flat tires . 
  i think it 's insane to have no spare , what if you get a flat without phone service ? 
  of course . 
  i called up the rental company to say `` umm , my spare tire is missing , '' and they told me that 90 % of their cars do n't have one . 
  then the guy who came and changed the tire said the same thing . 
  he used a sledge hammer and some metal plates to change the tire . 
  would have been nervous if they were my rims . 
  does it have a crispy crust like a baguette ? 
  i 'm trying to recreate it . 
  what kind of bread ? 
  i got a flat in a renault in ireland . 
  no spare !, 
  i got a flat in ireland , and the car had no spare !!!, 
  wtf !!!, 
  had to sit and wait for a tow truck . 
  and the rental company made me pay for the tire !, 
  true , i think they are coming out with a compact . 
  i just like to have it on it 's own . 
  so salty and crumbly . 
  smoked gouda is so damn good too . 
  i 'm getting hungry :-(, 
  ditch it for a tesla brah . 
  we do n't have 2 door fiesta or focus :-( that 's rough with the insurance . 
  if you are under 25 and have a very powerful car you w ill get killed on insurance , but i do n't think a fiesta st would be too bad . 
  i mean the 1.6 was n't exactly a race car . 
  i once was in the middle of nowhere in maine and quite comfortably cruised at 160kph for an extended period of time though . 
  do you have the st over there ? 
  it 's 197hp . 
  i 'd love to get one soon . 
  http://www.roadandtrack.com/new-cars/road-tests/reviews/a6120/2014-ford-fiesta-st-road-test-review/ i wish the would make it in 2 door here . 
  for a toy i have a '71 buick with a 7.5 l with a totally modified performance exhaust and high compression cylinders . 
  it 's scary . 
  yeah , i figured . 
  i 'm seeing way too many confederate flags on that search . 
  do you have the 3 cylinder petrol ? 
  i had a 1.6 petrol , 120hp . 
  i was n't painfully slow , but it was n't fast . 
  have the same engine with a turbo charger in our escape ( compact suv ) , 167hp . 
  the 2.0 turbo puts out 273hp . 
  mmmmmm, 
  i used to have one of those , i thought it was a great car . 
  once i drove from nyc to syracuse , ny with 2 adults , 2 kids and fully loaded with luggage . 
  on a hilly route doing 74mph i got 1 mpg more than stated . 
  i was recently in ireland , and i thought the fiesta was by far the best looking car in that size . 
  i honestly could not believe how disgustingly ugly most compacts were . 
  all boxy and crappy . 
  what does that mean ? 
  it 's cool to be fucky , brosef !, 
   retire all those cars from the market or modify them . 
  that is what will be done in the us . 
  i own a classic american muscles car , and i 'm on the intertubes and social media a lot for it . 
  i ca n't believe how many norges and swedes own them . 
  is that insanely expensive over there ? 
  do people give them shit for polluting ? 
  that 's what vw would like you to think ;-), 
  i rented a ford focus in florida , and got well over the listed mpg because it 's so damn flat . 
  even doing 73 on cruise control . 
  you barbarian !, 
  this is a realtime map , it does n't mean anything . 
  thx vw !, 
  not even close . 
  it is n't 1975 . 
  if someone has no accent and a person says to them `` where are you from '' as if that person is a foreigner , that 's horrible . 
  i 'm sure it happens , probably to asian people the most . 
  but even in that case , i do n't think someone will try to insist they are n't from here . 
  it 's not perfect here , but it 's not the worst either .
