  as long as a new frame house has sound insulation , it 's going to be fine . 
  i have a wood frame house built in '40 from old growth lumber , it 's solid as a rock . 
  i see someone has never ridden in a 1972 buick electra 225 . 
  two huge sofas on a cloud . 
  caterpillar is a big exporter . 
  czech firearms are very respected . 
  they are built like garbage , test drove a few . 
  sad . 
  apparently they have falcons . 
  i 'm really hoping for that . 
  i might be forced to get involved , even though i 'm basically a hermit . 
  no , he 's not going to get any policy made . 
  it 's not a dictatorship , even if he wants that . 
  lots of people said they would move to canada . 
  i wonder if any have . 
  that 's quite insulting to michael scott . 
  it depends what state they live in . 
  in most states , your vote really does n't matter , it 's already a lock for one party or the other . 
  i do n't think that is fair to the uk . 
  in the position they are in right not , they need as many allies as they can get . 
  they are not in a position to ignore the us b/c trump , but it 's not bc they love trump . 
  she has dealt with putin a lot , probably a lot harder to work with than these other clowns . 
  it 's not a non-event , and plenty of people remember . 
  there is no working with the russians , so i 'm not saying anyone else would have been better , but putin made obama and hillary look pretty impotent . 
  you can still ask them to leave . 
  sad but true . 
  you have rallies where people are chanting to have their health care taken away . 
  insane . 
  cut them a break on the poutine , it 's amazing . 
  i 'll lurk in / r/canada now and then , and sometimes the smugness exceeds anything the euros can come up with . 
  oh well , at least you quebecois have an identity . 
  because it 's a way to not be an american ? 
  why else give a fuck about an old lady on the other side if tell world ? 
  your countrymen think the eu makes you less american , so they love it . 
  you should still ditch the queen tho . 
  you do n't hang out with london bankers , do you . 
  it 's an island with no guns . 
  makes sense to me, 
  yeah , they fucked the `` worst '' chart up . 
  you should come to the us if that 's what you want . 
  you better ditch the queen if you want on that bandwagon . 
  it still fucked the empire . 
  well , we are talking about jews here , and i 'm sure there are sources on that , but i 'm going to take a wild guess that things are pretty damn safe for us here . 
  even in poor jewish communities there is not much murder going on . 
  the bit about jewish leaders telling people to leave is beyond ridiculous . 
  and i 'm sure there is a higher chance of me dying from diesel particulates in europe than anti-semetic violence , but it 's important to live where you feel included and wanted . 
  they let some muslims ( moriscos ) stay until 1600 or so . 
  bastards, 
  most immigrants/minorities , not most muslims . 
  seems like a great guy , i 'll look him up . 
  will check it out on my laptop later , appreciate this . 
  which charts ? 
  on mobile ... 
  source ? 
  how does that matter ? 
  look at spain since 1492 ... 
  this is pretty strange to me ; i 've always said that as a jew i feel a lot safer in the us , and would not move to europe . 
  generally , my euro friends thought that was insane , but for years now , jews have been leaving ... 
  you are right , it 's so boring here in ` murica , i wish i could win like that . 
  yeah , someone tipped over some headstones , but i do n't have any actual fear . 
  sucks . 
  you took that quite literally , username checks out . 
  you ever have that cali weed bruh ? 
  i would n't leave either !, 
  i was just saying to myself `` wow , you can downvote in / r/polandball now ? '', 
  welp , that explains it . 
  you better be high by now . 
  bitch !, 
  i was one of those stoned american tourists back in the 90 's , but since we have legal weed now , i 'm guessing there is a lot less stoners heading over there . 
  i 'm pretty sure that ` muricans kill more trees than dutchies , but the stereotypes have n't caught up yet . 
  ` muricaball def blazes more than dutchball irl . 
  munchies . 
  i 'm just playing devils advocate . 
  seeing how well most integrate in the uk , i 'm going to say if people are n't integrating there , it 's the fault of that culture . 
   so people need to stop saying immigration is the main factor of terrorism because apparently it 's not but most of these folks were born to immigrants who apparently did not integrate . 
  i think that 's a good analogy . 
  yeah , he 's safe now . 
  i lived in london for a semester , so i have a soft spot for the city , and have been to westminster plenty . 
  sucks :-(, 
  yes , please forgive me for being momentarily concerned . 
  he 's in the city for the week , not too far away ... 
  looking isolated for now . 
  this whole vehicle attack trend sucks . 
  yeah , just heard . 
  sucks . 
  some of the pics were pretty bad , serious injuries at least . 
  my bro is in london on biz , but is safe . 
  he was also next door to the wtc on 9/11 ... hope their are n't too many victims , i 'm hearing `` dozens . '', 
  not a bad point . 
  i think it would be hilarious if the mods changed every dutch flag to a nazi flag . 
  you are in chitown , right ? 
  this is true, 
  if you 've ever been to a douchey finance guy bar in london , or nyc , you 'd get it . 
  i appreciate your kindness in dealing with an untermensch like myself . 
  well , i see a cartoon dog and `` he does it for free . '', 
  were n't you the originator of taking nazis for a walk ? 
  db were the biggest suckers around . 
  i 've never seen a statue of him squatting . 
  you lost your flair ? 
  like on a date ?
