  one can for garbage , one for recycling . 
  i think some parts of cali have the one can for everything deal . 
  y' all need single stream recycling . 
  no , i 'm just special . 
  see the whole europa theme now . 
  x-posted frm / r/europa ? 
  the federal reserve act was passed in 1913 , but we had a fiscal/monetary union since 1789 . 
  if people think syrians did n't want to integrate , wait till they see the brits . 
   it seems that russia is truly the most powerful country in the world . 
  no , but russia is being very smart by making a lot of impact with limited resources . 
  if anyone but trump was running against hillary , all these email leaks would have sank her . 
  going to be interesting once she is president . 
  i do n't know , being so polite all the time leads me to believe they have a lot of bottled up rage . 
  sleepy hollow ? 
  and we make great handling cars as well . 
  results from road course competition : http://www.caranddriver.com/features/lightning-lap-2016-results-historical-lap-times-and-more-feature, 
  ha , yeah that 's a serious car that will punish you if you do n't respect it . 
  oh wow , that is an insanely bad ass car . 
  i do have such a beast , and my friend from the uk nearly shit himself this summer when i took him for a ride in it :-d, 
  it 's a major demographic , just not 2/3 major . 
  / r/europe is a geo-default for many europeans , and 0 americans . 
  so i doubt we are a big percentage of commenters . 
  is that some kind of mayonnaise ? 
  their beer is not revolting . 
  you 'd love my 7.5 liter v8 with headers/modified exhaust in my '71 buick , it sounds like heaven . 
  of course i drive that car less than 1000 miles a year ... 
  most of our publicly owned buildings have turned to shit . 
  however , existing tenants have rights , and can not be tossed out because someone sold the building . 
  there are people living on 5th ave in manhattan for $ 100 a month , even though investors bought the building 50 years ago . 
  why does a president cost more than a monarch ? 
  factual statement , their head of state is the queen . 
  that 's a smart choice . 
  can someone paste the article ? 
  paywall . 
  uk against the eu back then also , i see . 
  and poor canada had to straighten you out both times . 
  you are going to give yourself an ulcer bro . 
  the good : maple syrup . 
  the bad : there will be a massive rise in diabetes due to maple syrup addiction , and a spike in thefts/robberies from addicts who need their syrup money . 
  tread lightly eu , you would n't like canada when he 's angry . 
  champagne is a protected term now i believe . 
  but suicide is haram . 
  bruh, 
  i like trader joes frozen tamales . 
  yum . 
  they are corn husks , and they are not edible . 
  if you ca n't joke about fondling a stillborn 's pee pee , what can you joke about ? 
  she will be the nasty auschwitz commander , and he 'll be a jew in stripes . 
  poles have such long memories ... 
   previously , there was a greater focus on markets and financing-related products , whereas we 're now focusing on building long-term strategic dialogue and relationships , and refocusing our client coverage , '' he said . 
  that is some impressive corporate speak right there . 
  this is true . 
  meh , you ca n't hate on progress , especially when you are busy pontificating about the environment all the time . 
  he has serbian flair . 
  by tone , i mean general tone that you referenced in your post , which is more nationalist/populist than it used to be . 
  i think the young male bit skews it that way , but it still reflects changing attitudes over the past few years irl . 
  since it became a geo-default , does n't that mean it is more reflective of public opinion in europe ? 
  since this is a self selected group of english speakers , would n't it actually have less of a `` tone '' than the geographic area it serves in reality ? 
  it 's at 80 % now . 
  sounds like those might have been bomb squad protective gear . 
  both cities have about the same population . 
  nyc # 1 on earth , and best city . 
  nyc is full of foreign tourists wearing hard rock nyc t-shirts and nypd hats , and they are n't doing it ironically . 
  unless the hipsters that are visiting are doing it so well that they blend in with our hipsters . 
  their is a rosa parks hood in paris ? 
  til . 
  i was always working for swiss , french and germans . 
  meh , when it comes to industrial espionage , we are amateurs compares to the french . 
   is there reason to believe that foreign corrupt practices act fines would be a flat distribution ? 
  no , especially not on a time frame going back to 1977 . 
  i 've worked on many fcpa matters , many european companies had ( have ? ), 
  bribery budgets and talked about it openly . 
  i do believe that there have finally been some laws made against this in europe recently . 
  ireland is doing well with babbies too . 
  everyone else , not so much . 
  who is orca100@upcmail.nl? 
  let us thank our canadian neighbors for this amazing gift . 
  american cheese masterrace . 
  is it still poutine if made with cheese instead of cheese curds ? 
  they call it `` disco fries '' in my part of the nyc burbs . 
  it 's heaven . 
  perhaps that can restart babby production . 
  we have no economic interests with russia , a tiny bit of trade . 
  it 's very easy for us to push for sanctions . 
  what is monetary freedom ? 
  oh , how did this unamed state church allow the supreme court to legalize gay marriage ? 
  is that actually possible ? 
  but vw is a massive multi-national corporation , with lots of american lawyers , and decades of experience in the us market . 
  a 10 year old could tell you that if the feds catch you , it 's time to start cutting a deal , not to double down on your lie . 
  vw had to have received this advice , but they did n't listen . 
  that 's the part i ca n't wrap my head around , unless they have an arrogance that is beyond the bounds of my comprehension . 
  all part of the negotiations . 
  db is n't being prosecuted , it 's a civil investigation . 
  the doj has already said any fines will be calculated so as not to put db out of business . 
  though i could see db being so stubborn that they get much harsher treatment than more cooperative parties would get . 
  that 's an impressively insane rant . 
  now i 'm off to church , do n't want to be persecuted for not attending . 
  which church is our state religion btw ? 
  i do n't want to go to the wrong one and not get credit . 
  is n't that the biggest issue with the euro , that different parts of the eurozone need different interest rates ?
