  i 'm guessing a lot of the others would n't say anything either , because they want to avoid controversy . 
  he said english channel , not `` english territorial waters . '', 
  you are really reaching with this one . 
  i was expecting him defending the bulldozing of homes or something like that . 
  them i would have conceded that would be quite a bad statement . 
  but to claim that other nations would not let a boat it told not to approach it ? 
  i do n't think that is so crazy . 
   headlining a zionist festival is more than just being pro-israel . 
  unless they are militant extremists , i do n't think that is true at all . 
  i you think zionism is and of itself a terrible , evil thing that should bar people from polite society , stop beating around the bush and just say it . 
  again , a `` socially conscious '' reggae concert with its very own `` social forum '' should not be picking and choosing what justice they like . 
  yes , i 'm aware of the ussr negro lynching bit . 
  i 'm also aware that a `` socially conscious '' reggae festival might not want to celebrate anti-gay language . 
  or is it that it 's ok for some people and not others ? 
  this is directly on topic with regard to social justice , not like an american telling a soviet they should n't detain dissidents , to be reminded about lynching negroes . 
  it is directly on point . 
   and as to his comments : read carefully . 
  then think about what he is saying . 
  he completely supports israel 's idea that they can murder anyone who is not their friend , and they should be allowed to do so with impunity . 
  i must have missed that part , why do n't you paste the part where he implies that . 
  explain . 
  and what am i missing in the second link you sent ? 
  he is pro-israel , we got that . 
  i guess some people are so good at reading between the lines , that they do n't have to pay attention to the actual words . 
  i 'm sorry , what am i missing in this link ? 
  i do n't see any over the top comments . 
  paste the text of what you found so offensive . 
   whataboutism at its finest . 
  yes , it 's hilarious that a `` socially conscious '' reggae event would not ask it 's artists that have made anti-gay remarks to denounce them . 
  i know cappleton has made remarks in the past . 
  i 'm at work and do n't have time to look at all the artists now , but i can later . 
  social justice is social justice , not `` whattaboutism . '', 
  either you are for it , or you are a phony . 
  i did n't know he makes such a big pooint . 
  maybe you can provide with a source on that . 
  and why would they not ask everyone even if it is just to make it look fair ? 
  and more importantly for reggae , why are n't they asking everyone their views on homosexuality ? 
  this whole thing is indefensible , you 're telling me that they should have hired this guy to make management happy ? 
  what kind of stand is that ? 
  even after putin scared merkel with his dog they say this ? 
  tommy go home !, 
  how could they not know ? 
  they do n't do a simple web search for an artists ? 
  you claim that they have a deep social awareness , but do n't even look into who they book ? 
  does that make sense to you ? 
  how much do you want to bet that they have anti-gay artists there ? 
  that 's quite common in reggae . 
  the guy is not militant zionist , and his songs do not discuss the matter . 
  they asked him because he is jewish . 
  did they ask the other artists about palestine ? 
  it 's just a reggae festival . 
  the organizers presumably knew about his views beforehand . 
  they should have not invited him if they had an issue , instead of trying to pull off some stunt . 
  https://www.finlandiacheese.com it 's pretty good , but i might like jarlsberg a little better . 
  finlandia is cheese and vodka ? 
  wow . 
  you are n't fooling anyone bro . 
  those heathen dinos deserved it . 
  jesus invented north america in 1703 . 
  thanks for settling us bro . 
  pretty sure that is why we are tolerant and focused on commerce . 
  beats being settled by puritans . 
  thx !, 
  split ? 
  when i was in croatia , everyone , locals and tourists were well behaved . 
  maybe they were looking for eddie hitler ? 
  ah , you were just a kid with your family , i understand . 
  eh , i do n't blame you for being a little worried at the time . 
  i actually had a spanish gf back then , and she went back to spain right before 9/11 . 
  we went to the top whenever people would visit us , so it was like a metaphor for our relationship being over . 
  i 'm not sure if there is anything good by times square ... steakhouses have ridic huge portions , people usually go there a few times a year at the most . 
  you would remember if you had went to a good one : - / you remember the name of the horrible place ? 
  next time you will be more adventurous , ok ? 
  please tell me you did not go to these places : http://nypost.com/2015/08/14/these-are-the-worst-restaurants-in-times-square/, 
  i know you ca n't compare the cities , i was just complaining about my building which has very big stairs with a narrow walkway , and people block me from getting down the stairs . 
  i zip in and out on the sidewalk , i just walk between and around people all the time . 
  it is n't a problem really . 
  glad you liked our city !!!, 
  come back soon !, 
  ( runs away ), 
  i wonder what the story is on german/english trains . 
  i tell you what , i 'm actually going to remove italians from my comment , because now that i think about it , it 's spaniards mostly . 
  and yeah , i 'm sure many americans are like that , especially ones who are n't from urban areas . 
  sometimes they do the same here . 
  when i was in rome , i felt like i was at home . 
  has tons of energy , it 's great . 
  i ran into some very nice italian tourists the other day . 
  it was two fathers with their teenage kids ( i think the fathers were brothers ) . 
  i heard `` pappa , pappa , jeep , jeep ! '', 
  they were going crazy over this black ops jeep [ like this ] ( http://loopele.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/2011-jeep-wrangler-call-of-duty-black-ops.jpg ) . 
  so i asked them where they were from , they said italy . 
  i said `` you guys have lamborghinis and ferraris , and you like this jeep ? '', 
  `` yes , yes !, 
  this jeep is beautiful ! '', 
  i guess everybody likes stuff that is different than at home . 
  but really , most tourists here are very well behaved . 
  well , everywhere is different , right ? 
  and these are all wall street people , lawyers , etc. , the folks you would think who would be doing work . 
  but everyone is so busy , and commuting kind of sucks , so this is the one part of the day for peace and quiet . 
  i 'm not sure if this is true for all the train lines to nyc .
