  only a few more weeks . 
  yes , you are right . 
  no clean break , and no occupying foreign powers to tell you how bad you were . 
  are there any similar issues in portugal ? 
   circlejerking against franco and for the third republic who ca n't ever do no wrong is almost everyday politics . 
  good !, 
  f franco . 
  what do you mean be inflicting more self hate on spain ? 
  by digging up the past ? 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  why are you getting so butthurt ? 
  i 'm not `` talking shit '' or saying you have some kind of fascist movement . 
  if you want to go through my comments , you can see i always praise greece and italy for not having large far right movements , even though they have awful economies and migrants washing up on their shores every day . 
  i 'm far more critical of northern europe , with the downvotes to prove it . 
  i 'd put spain and portugal in the same category , countries going through tough times without a far right backlash . 
  from what i personally witnessed in spain , was some people being horribly offended by others looking fondly on franco . 
  in this particular family , they were oppressed as catalan speakers , and they were quite upset with the uncle for being a francoist . 
  i think there is a lot of unresolved issues from that era , because franco died of natural causes , not being defeated in a war like hitler . 
  there are some unhealed wounds , and i do n't think most spaniards would dispute that . 
  but it does n't mean there are millions of fascist running around , but it is still a source of tension , especially with the catalonian independence movement gaining so much steam . 
  to make myself perfectly clear , there are still some people who look fondly on franco , but are not themselves fascists , no is there any meaningful fascist movement in spain ( besides opus dei ) . 
  btw , the only out in the open trump supporters i know are a large family who immigrated here from ecuador . 
  see how well we do integration ? 
  unibroue really is great , and so reasonably priced . 
  i did n't know they were now selling beer in grocery stores , that 's a big improvement . 
  the provincial government should continue to promote craft brews , you guys could become a powerhouse , and easily export tons to us ( yes , i 'm selfish ) . 
  this guy had it hidden in his house , not flying outside , that would not have been smart of him . 
  spain does n't have any kind of large far right thing going on , but there do seem to be some people who look back on the franco years fondly . 
  well , there are 4 well known candidates , but the problem is that the 2 major parties have entrenched themselves and set up all kinds of barriers . 
  very unfortunate . 
  i 'm guessing there is more quebecois beer here because they have been at it longer . 
  the first craft beer a i ever had a was a la fin du monde in 2002 . :-d i did n't realize you could just ask the lcbo to order beer for you , not bad . 
  i just remember in / r/beer a few years back , ontarians were getting upset about the state of things . 
  perhaps it has improved . 
  b/c he was the headless horseman . 
  even though he suppressed the catalan language ? 
  ok , so how do craft brewers go about getting access to the lcbo ? 
  is it promoted ? 
  i 'm also curious as to why in ny and vt i have seen lots of quebecois beer , but never ontarian . 
   by the way , was n't there also a ( small ) faction within spanish society that still more or less thinks back to those days with melancholy instead of contempt ? 
  my catalan speaking ex had an uncle who had various francoist fascist flags hanging in his house . 
  i do n't think spain ever processed the past like germany did . 
  edit : just so there is no confusion , the uncle was not an actual fascist , but looked fondly on the time of franco . 
  wow , that is fucking awful !, 
  that is why we need a distraction . 
  it 's too depressing to pay attention to ourselves . 
  we already are , have you seen this election season ? 
  yeah , just looked that up . 
  can craft brewers sell at their breweries , or do they have to go through the lcbo ? 
  ah , quebec , then you are free from the oppression of insane laws and the lcbo . 
  actually , even in ontario you can homebrew or make vino for personal consumption . 
  hope you are n't in ontario , you could be facing a lot of time in the clink . 
  i think they should fight for our amusement . 
  oh , so that 's why you do n't have gay marriage . 
  til, 
  meh , we already dethroned the royals once . 
  france should help them like they helped us . 
  we would have lost oil , and strategic coastline , unfortunately we had to keep the people too . 
  i think you should do the same to the uk . 
  they are being quite insolent . 
  if you would like to defeat the lobster menace , i recommend open handed belly slaps on burnt sunbathers . 
  it is super effective . 
  the ascension of charles may cure their monarchist fetish . 
  revenge for benidorm . 
  i know , same with the canadians and kiwis . 
  someone should really liberate them all . 
  works for us . 
  they just want to stick it to their former wardens . 
  probably because they were invaded early , and easy to find . 
  read about what happened in lithuania , ukraine and romania . 
  they make the poles look like saints . 
  because that 's where most of the jews were . 
  why do you keep deleting comments ? 
  women are drawn to my hairy back , that must be why he is so butthurt . 
  you really are lazy , i got murdered twice before lunch . 
  the poles were not running the camps . 
  even the best looking people on earth can be made ugly by smugness ... 
  which might be why he is so bitter . 
  what does that have to do with where got was filmed ? 
  ca n't see yt at work . 
  there were plenty of good people , and bad people , like everywhere occupied by the nazis . 
  what most people would complain about would be when the jews returned to poland right after the war , they did n't have a good experience . 
  must be really shitty sandwiches if they reek . 
  tread lightly bub . 
  jews will also tell you that more poles helped jews than anyone else . 
  source : jew, 
  because the word is out about how great it is to visit . 
  you have a good image , because you were the only people to tell the bankers to eff off !, 
  and ni . 
  i just bought a house , and we are going to set up a garden next year . 
  looking fwd to composting . 
  iceland is known for the northern lights and their landscapes , i 've never even heard anyone mention got about it . 
  belfast tries to push the whole thing much harder . 
  amazon killed our malls . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  no , the chinese photoshopped the 2nd pic . 
  there are no plans to change that ? 
  at least get it down to garbage , recycling and compost cans . 
  i 'm in the burbs , but yeah .
