  you bring up an interesting point . 
  obviously i had no say in the matter , but generations back ( 1880-90s ) my family came here because romanians , russians and austrians made things very hard for jews . 
  and some relatives left sicily because poverty . 
  so i 've always felt that my family , and by extension myself , chose to be american . 
  but i guess it really is chance that i was born here . 
  i do feel like i owe this country something because we would have been killed in the holocaust , and because this country has been so good to us . 
  self-hating americans are insufferable . 
  i noticed you !, 
  as far as i can tell , denmark is the most sane country on the continent , which would explain why sweden has a problem with it . 
  he should move to pakistan . 
  are n't you bored ? 
  to me it sounds like musical , softer russian . 
  if they are playing a ee scary gang , yeah . 
  but russian army officer with an accent can be a good guy , even if his army is the bad guys . 
  4 beers in if this makes no sense , sorry . 
  bad guys can only have a english or german accent . 
  it 's universal . 
  you can go to spain for warm , emotional people . 
   sparkling is strictly prohibited . 
  damn jews , always trying to make kids gay . 
   why should switzerland sarcrifice their citizens to help your problem ? 
  to assuage their own guilt for accepting all the spoils from dead jews that were delivered to their banks from the nazies . 
  or the guilt from financing the nazis , or refusing to help jews who reached their border . 
  or any of the other lovely things they did working with the nazis . 
  does n't mean they had to have their people killed , but it also doesn ; t mean they had to help the plo . 
  at least they are always consistent with their morals . 
  once you pop , you ca n't stop . 
  - pringles . 
  at the same time , if you keep your savings in another country , you are taking an a level of risk far beyond what you needed to do . 
   according to gdp , one of two competing police unions in germany , there were 237,198 state police officers in 2000 , but today there are 10,000 fewer . 
  furthermore , all german states are faced with a mountain of overtime racked up by their officers -- some 18 million hours nationwide . 
   and it 's not just police personnel that have been overworked . 
  equipment too is well beyond its wear limit , in many cases to the point that it has become dangerous . 
  a classified federal interior ministry report from jan. 19 , 2015 notes that german police would be unable to adequately protect themselves from gunfire from a kalashnikov , the favored weapon of terrorists worldwide -- even in their response vehicles . 
  so that is how they have surpluses . 
  or maybe they did it on purpose . 
  lame . 
  yes , i suppose the consumers over there are not economically damaged , and it is the governments ' responsibility to level environmental fines . 
  the $ 1000 here was just `` goodwill , '' it was n't required . 
  ah , right , not a very big deal to get it up to the eu requirement . 
  here there is a chance the cars will be off the road . 
  no fix has been approved yet . 
   the cars did not suffer a loss in value due to the crisis . 
  why is that ? 
  there is no fear that any governmental entity will keep them off the road due to pollution ? 
  but do n't you think it 's backfiring ? 
  til that a moose is called an elk in sweden . 
  i 've seen moose in maine , but the ones in scandinavia are bigger . 
  i almost hit one with my car , scary . 
  [ swedish bears ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0hosiqf32vu/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  it 's not all the west , is it ? 
  yeah , like how `` clean diesel '' was a buzzword by vw . 
  greece is a tiny , indebted country , not very hard to push around . 
  i 'm not stupid enough to believe we kicked saddam out for the `` war on terror , '' no one believes that . 
  it was done to enrich halliburton and to make more sovereign debt . 
  i 'm sure you are aware the fed was in a panic when clinton ran federal budget surpluses . 
  if you want to really get out there , you could argue that the us is creating conditions that could result in ethnic europeans immigrating here once again . 
  no one in the profit seeking world cares about sustainability . 
  the monetary system is built on sovereign debt . 
  without debt generation , there can be no monetary issuance . 
  a great way to generate debt is through war ( us version ) or social spending ( euro version ) . 
  the fed started freaking out when clinton was generating surpluses , as it would mean less sovereign debt . 
  i reuse to believe that people , especially those in charge are that stupid . 
  now that i am thinking about it , it 's fear of population decline and the effects on the monetary/banking system . 
  i think you are right . 
  population decline spells the end of the fractional reserve monetary system that keeps the banks in their privileged position . 
  money is just electrons now . 
  if there is a declining population , why ca n't social systems issue pure fiat currency to pay for it instead of issuing debt which must be paid by workers ? 
  banks would suffer , but the people would not . 
  inflation is not a worry with a declining population , look at japan , who is in deflation no matter how much the boj prints . 
  welp , there we go . 
  honestly , if this was n't in the bbc , i 'd say it was a ridiculous caricature of what the `` nwo '' is supposed to be . 
  it 's great the us/canada/aus are immigrant societies , but it does n't mean you have to destroy european nations to emulate them . 
  perhaps this is all about declining population and threat to fractional reserve banking . 
  we need a monetary system that is not built on perpetual growth , but that would not be good for the banks , would it ? 
  wow , i just looked that up . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395  the eu should `` do its best to undermine '' the `` homogeneity '' of its member states , the un 's special representative for migration has said . 
   mr sutherland , who is non-executive chairman of goldman sachs international and a former chairman of oil giant bp , heads the global forum on migration and development , which brings together representatives of 160 nations to share policy ideas . 
  and his twitter feed is quite aggressive : https://twitter.com/pdsutherlandun?ref_src=twsrc^google | twcamp ^ serp | twgr ^ author wow , it keeps getting better  mr sutherland , who has attended meetings of the bilderberg group , a top level international networking organisation often criticised for its alleged secrecy , called on eu states to stop targeting `` highly skilled '' migrants , arguing that `` at the most basic level individuals should have a freedom of choice '' about whether to come and study or work in another country . 
  and that is what i can not figure out . 
  if that is their plan , it looks like it is backfiring to me . 
  unless they really want to get rid of eastern europe anyway , they are not going for this shit . 
  i also do n't think it 's possible mathematically for ethnic europeans to be a tiny minority in 100 years . 
  i think this entire episode is tearing the eu apart . 
  i 've seen insane comments on some mainstream sites that the jews are trying to destroy the white race with refugees . 
  to me that is tinfoil territory and fucking insane . 
  as for destabilization , i suppose that is less tinfoilish , but who is doing it ? 
  there has to be something i 'm missing . 
  yeah , `` robert . '', 
  i also did n't see any raving insane posts . 
  granted , the translator is not the best . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  all the time i am trying to figure out what i am missing in this whole situation . 
  if germany wanted to help , it would set up camps near syria , or bring people directly from there . 
  how does making billions of dollars for smugglers make any moral sense ? 
  i 'm lost . 
  i 've been going through the comments using a translator ; and a few are saying this should not have been printed because it will incite people against the refugees . 
  wow . 
  why not both ? 
  can you come to the us ?
