  i think some would find it a plus . 
  at work :-(, 
  when he does interviews with american media , he should stay with that accent the whole time . 
  that would be quite amusing . 
  i 'm saying that attitude did not persist all the way until jfk . 
  many irish-americans were ecstatic about jfk being elected , but i 'm pretty sure they though tof themselves as americans by then . 
  they were here for generations . 
  many , many people came here fleeing war , famine , persecution , etc. 
  does n't mean their descendants are less american than someone who came here to get rich . 
  he can be john oliver 's sidekick . 
   until jfk was elected , many did n't consider themselves american . 
  that 's a bit over the top . 
  he nailed a brit doing a stereotypical ( to brits ) american accent . 
  there are tons of irish/british entertainers that i thought were american until i saw an interview , he 's not on that level . 
  edit : it 's identical to jeremy clarkson 's american accent . 
  there are a few out of control ultra-orthodox that have the mohel suck the blood out of the wound . 
  it 's insane , but not very common at all . 
  i think it 's illegal in the us . 
  you have skype ? 
  i 'll do a cut dryfap for you to show that you do n't need lube . 
  only $ 5 a minute . 
   and can absolutely fill a role in sexual foreplay i do n't have a foreskin , can you explain this to me . 
  do females find it interesting ? 
  i 'm almost 40 , male , and have never met anyone upset about it . 
  many people today are choosing not to circumcise however . 
  americans downvote when people get condescending about it , not because they are upset about their peepee being cut . 
  i 've never met anyone who is furious about it , including men who did not have their sons circumcised . 
  i mean , i 'm sure some people are upset about it , but they are exceedingly rare . 
  you do not need lube to fap if you are circumcised . 
  i 'd offer to prove it to you , but i do n't know you . 
  lube just feels better . 
  is a vagina dry ? 
  is a mouth dry ? 
  if you are going for a luxury fap , it would be silly not to use lube , uncut or otherwise . 
  just dealing with getting the recalls done , and reputational damage . 
  however , there apparently has been no reputational damage , which is surprising to me . 
  yeah , i suppose it 's not a biz car , but functionally it 's fine . 
  i hope to drive on the autobahn before all cars drive themselves ... 
  if you do n't have kids , do n't use the back seat and do n't cart around a lot of stuff , it 's a good every day car . 
  since we 're on the topic , my friend recently took me for a ride in his '15 camarro zl1 , which he had sent out for extensive upgrading , wow . 
  730 hp at the wheels . 
  you know in star wars when chewie hit the hyperdrive , and all the stars turn into lines ? 
  that happens when you stomp on it in this car . 
  this just in http://europe.autonews.com/article/20160711/ane/160719995/german-prosecutors-seek-profit-based-fine-from-vw-over-diesel, 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm not saying it has to be billions and billions to ruin the company , but it should be something . 
  co2 is bad and all , but until we phase out of internal combustion engines , we might as well worry about direct harm to people more . 
  it 's crazy what went on in milan and paris last winter . 
  but should n't people be upset about there being no government fines ? 
  i saw that the mustang was the highest selling sports car in germany for the last few months . 
  that is amazing . 
   you 've got to understand that many europeans considered the numbers given by manufacturers as a joke anyway , people do n't trust the manufacturers nor authorities . 
  that is surprising to me . 
  i thought you guys loved mother earth more than us , but i guess you would n't have pushed diesel so hard if that was true !, 
  i recently had to get a rental car for a day , and the only car they had was a vw jetta , it was atrocious . 
  that being said , my friend has toureg , and it 's a very nice vehicle . 
  germany might be a special case for the high speeds . 
  i will say my saab was insanely stable at high speeds , i do like they way it handled . 
  i was in ireland last summer , and they only have a few highways with 100 kmh limits , and tons of tiny/curvy roads . 
  so there were tons of japanese/french microcars . 
  ford fiesta 's looked like big cars over there . 
  i am starting to see more caddies than i used to , but it 's like 1 caddie for 10 bimmers . 
  i really do like the new cadillacs , the ats-v is amazing . 
  where i live ( nyc ` burbs ) audis are insanely popular . 
  i 'm actually looking into a cadillac ats coupe right now . 
  i 'll be a special unicorn . 
  i 'm not sure where you live , but here in the nyc ` burbs , every other car is an audi . 
  yes , i 'm aware of that , and it 's why i 'll stick with japanese and american cars . 
  after owning a saab and paying insane amounts of money for maintenance , i 've pretty much sworn off european cars . 
  the very thought of $ 38k for a passat is insane to me . 
  i probably would not say no to a cayman though . 
  one day . 
  sorry , i meant `` reputational '' damage . 
  a car is now worth less money bc it 's a vw . 
  but it sounds like the answer is the same . 
   they might violate emission standards , but who cares really ? 
  i 'm far from a tree hugger ( i own 2 '70s buicks with huge v8s ) , but even i would not be happy about purchasing a vehicle that violated emissions laws at the time of purchase . 
  though i guess it 's worse here bc of our stricter standards , since these cars outrageously violated those standards . 
  i just find this surprising . 
  over here germans are portrayed as recycling/renewable energy world champions and people who care about the environment a lot . 
  i thought people would be very angry over there . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  there is no representational damage affecting values at all ? 
  not buying something to be `` green '' does n't mean you want to buy something that violates the law . 
  that 's true . 
  vw badged vehicles will continue to sell poorly , but most americans are not aware audi/porsche are owned by vw . 
  over here the cars became worthless , that is why people got money . 
  have the values not suffered over there ? 
  lol , i thought you were some kind of nut . 
  do they actually take a stand on this , or were you joking ? 
  what ? 
  vw has a very small market share here , and after this fraud , it 's going to be a microscopic market share . 
  holy shit , a funny german . 
   central council of jews seriously ? 
  what an awesome answer . 
  we had this to some degree in nyc , where landlord abandoned buildings during the 70s . 
  when things started getting better and the buildings became worth something , the squatters put up quite a fight . 
  i did n't say it had to be civil ... 
  true , it could like shrapnel in the poo they fling . 
  morrocans abusing you , and other muslims abusing the american in berlin .
