  there are specific issues where there are trade disputes , but overall , no one sees the eu as an economic threat . 
  china is a massive market , that is who people worry about . 
  the eu is set to shrink with the uk leaving . 
  i actually went there for the first time today to see if there was any mention of this . 
  there was not , but dear god that is an awful place . 
  `` the french people have never stood up for themselves !! '', 
  have they heard about the revolution they had there ? 
  so cool . 
  we just bought a house , and have been fixing it up , so no euro vacations for awhile , but i 'd love to do a food focused tour of france and northern italy . 
  one day !, 
  sorry , this is totally wrong . 
  go to t_d and look for a single comment about the economy . 
  no one is worried about the eu being a rival , and most want closer economic ties with europe . 
  europe is not stealing manufacturing jobs , it 's china people are worried about . 
  the only thing they care about is mooslims and the `` western civilization ( i.e. 
  white people ) '' surviving . 
  dey took er jerbs !, 
  also , sorry i did n't pick up for your call :-(, 
  he did n't say only the alt-right have issues with mooslims , he said mooslims are all the alt-right cares about . 
  according to some here , we are all quaking at the rising of the massive eu economy . 
  i do n't even think the t_d people think that , they are just about `` moooslims . '', 
  shit is good bro . 
  my sis in law is a huge francophile , and lived next to one of the best cheese shops in manhattan , i 've learned to appreciate the rotten dankness . 
  probably ??? 
  t_d is freaking awful , i know actual irl trumpers , and they are not nearly as bad . 
  however , if he wants to know why anyone is against the eu , he can find out there . 
  bc no one else cares . 
  look at the chart, 
  i 'd also hope that trump and brexit served as cautionary tales as well . 
  is `` the irish curse '' a term over there ? 
   as i step off the train in roquefort , southern france , i sniff the air appreciatively it 's that yummy cheese !, 
  you go to a european subreddit to find out what americans think ? 
  why are you asking europeans this ? 
  go to / r/askanamerican , and you will only hardcore trumpers are against the eu . 
  not here . 
  to bolster your argument , just look how the elder le pen only got % 17.8 of the vote in 2002 . 
  my complete guess from this side of the planet is that marine ditching the hardcore anti-semitism/holocaust denial folks/rhetoric has fn more palatable to folks who could n't bring themselves to vote fn earlier . 
  like i said , just a guess from a non-french speaker on the other side of the world . 
  you better hire some swedes if you wnt to have a chance against us . 
  armin meiwes , that you ? 
  speak for yourself, 
  that sounds like such a nice day :-d, 
  i 'm now going to have banana phone on my head all day . 
  thx bruh, 
  we are n't a race though :-d . it was just ignorant by grumpy , not racist . 
  bud , not everyone from / r/all is american . 
  pretty stupid statement , especially if you are trying to get people to tone it down . 
  is it similar to the welsh landscape ? 
  are you being compensated by the tourism bureau ? 
  they should be paying you . 
  they are all great pics . 
  well , a decent amount of people in the southern us are flipping out about confederate monuments being removed , and it 's been over 150 years ... 
  how much of a backlash would there be if such a thing was proposed in the parliament ? 
  well , the repeal of obamacare that just passed the house for example . 
  ah , that is an important distinction . 
  well , you are right he has n't done so much yet , but i was also thinking in terms or international embarrassment and public speaking in general . 
  seems the french do n't get all upset by foreigners `` meddling . '', 
  tbf , i think the reaction here would be the same as the brits , it would be counterproductive . 
  i never thought we could do worse than w. . . and then we did . 
  thank you for posting this . 
  so sick of the media saying he is the most unpopular president in modern history , but then not explaining by how much . 
  yes !, 
  well , you can go look for threads where / r/unitedkingdom went apeshit about it . 
  kind of surprising since the place is a massive remainer echochamber . 
  and yes , i know reddit is not irl . 
  not a problem ; - , 
  i just meant that the balkans are southeastern european ... 
  my parents had a station wagon with seats that went down flat . 
  made a nice bed , though for my first time i did n't know about the blankets and got many rugburns :-(, 
  ha , i said it was cultural in another comment , and an italian redditor disagreed , though i assume it 's a also a rural/urban thing . 
  it 's too cold to fuck in fields here a lot of the year , though there are always cars i suppose . 
  though i got used to beds once in college ... 
  the us generally functions on the northern euro family model , so i 'd agree with you that it 's cultural . 
  tbf , i think they did a great job in rejecting some pieces of shit i know from home . 
  well , i lived with my friends in college before moving in with them after college ( very common here ) , so the risk of some kind of fight is quite low . 
  as for loud sexy nights , less of that living at home , no ? 
  you ca n't have parties , might be harder to smoke weed on the couch . 
  especially in nyc , where you are going to have to be filthy rich to rent your own apartment , a lot of us view your early 20s as basically a continuation of college . 
  it 's a fun time . 
  and for what i paid to share an 23rd floor apartment with views in a doorman luxury building was actually cheaper that renting my own dump somewhere in queens . 
  tldr ; drugs and sex . 
  the people care , trump is making overtures to brut dictatorships , and it 's a disgrace , gets plenty of coverage . 
  we do n't care much about the un though , that 's true . 
  min wage also varies by state/city . 
  not basically , literally . 
  still 1 thousand times better than living with mommy and daddy . 
  i dated that girl 20 years ago , and her parents were a bit extreme : - / i did n't mean to imply that italian-americans were represenative of actual italians ( though remember , we had large numbers of italians coming here through the 80s , and many people i know have parents who were born in italy ) , just that they had vestigial aspects of southern european culture . 
  that 's a mansion in manhattan . 
  but there is also a cultural component , no ? 
  it is very typical among italian-americans to live at home with one 's parents until you get married . 
  it seems to work out quite well , as these people are able to purchase a house when they get married . 
  most other people move out shortly after graduating college . 
  likewise , the spanish girl i used to date had a lot of pressure on her to be around the family home . 
  the parents would be quite upset if she did not return from university on the weekends , and forbid her brother from going to university in barcelona , because it was `` too far away '' ( 4 hours ) . 
  even if southern europeans had great economies , i think they would have a high age if departure from family homes . 
  my social media abuse of the queen will bar me from entry . 
  i do n't think we are as strict . 
  on mobile , otherwise i 'd link . 
  the groom could n't get a visa ? 
  yeah , they are tough , they 've had the whole password/social media thing for a long time .
