  you still want to go after the riots and racism ? 
  ferdinand franco dubbed movies as a form of censorship . 
  so it is n't unheard of ... 
  did the mods delete all those comments ? 
  no doubt . 
  yes , i am aware of that . 
  i studied a semester in london and my friend had family who lived on a council estate ( is that the right term ? ), 
  in mile end . 
  within 15 minutes of meeting my firend 's uncle , he told me that he enjoyed shooting `` pakis '' with a pellet gun . 
  still , you guys are saints compared to the rest of europe . 
  you do n't have flag flair , i don ; t know who you are referring to . 
  excuse me ? 
  you think the spanish and italians should be proud that they stopped throwing bananas on the field and making monkey noises because their teams were penalized ? 
  what about the tottenham fans attacked by ultras in rome ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  i was really commenting on the response time for armed police to get there . 
  i would have assumed that there are armed police at stations dispersed throughout london who could be dispatched on a moments notice . 
  20 minutes for cops to arrive in a capitol city is totally unacceptable . 
  ridiculous comment . 
  you are n't exactly proving my point , unless you want to be pedantic about the definition of racism . 
  but you support my point about not caring who is from where , as long as they behave . 
  also , you do n't make monkey noises at soccer games like the spanish and italians . 
  wrong , they needed to be at least part jewish to be perfect in receiving hate . 
  in my ( admittedly limited ) travels in europe , i have always found the british to be the least racist . 
  how was he standing around for so long ?!? 
  my bad . 
  i just do not think eurobonds are going to happen . 
  i 'm thinking periphery nations drop out , and the northern nations that remain will make the euro the new deutschmark . 
  i 'm not sure how greece , italy and spain can carry on for 15 years . 
  i would n't count eurozone national banks as central banks , as you outlined , they have no authority . 
  interest rate equalization problems are the fatal flaw of the eurozone if you ask me . 
  i personally see no way for it to work out . 
  i just see periphery countries in europe declining into extremism . 
  great info . 
  i do n't think rates could sprial out of control in the us , the fed would just intervene . 
  i have worked on a decent number of financial investigations involving central bank oversight . 
  central banks tell banks what to do all the time , i 've even seen them order banks to break the law in order to preserve stability . 
  so my guess of what would happen is that the fed would call up the primary dealers , tell them they better bid all the bonds if they have to . 
  the fed would let them know that they will buy the bonds from them via qe . 
  of course the inflation implications could easily get out of hand . 
  canadians do not speak with a british accent at all . 
  they do use british spelling however . 
  not sure about over there , but in the us , primary dealers are required to bid on gov. 
  debt . 
  there can be no bidless market . 
  the problem is that no one did reduce debt when the economy was thriving . 
  most places cut taxes and increased spending during the go go years ... 
  so i 'm not sure spending now is going to help . 
  ok , i take my comment back . 
  i just saw a show called `` backyard oil '' and it looked down on kentuckians badly . 
  though the people on the show reveled in it ... 
  they are n't really produced that way . 
  you are supposed to go along with it , like `` look how silly and unique this little girls is . '', 
  obviously comedians abuse the crap out of her , but if some celebrity said `` eeww , that honey boo boo is a piece of trash , '' there would be quite an uproar . 
  while we really love english ( and adapting english ) televisions shows and some music as well , we are not otherwise influenced by the pop culture opinions of the british . 
  i doubt 1 in 1000 americans are aware of their opinion of eurovision . 
  i studied a semester in london , and am aware that many english just ca n't stand continentals , so i figured they would not like it . 
  otherwise , i had no clue . 
  no , the author is just a moron . 
  that is generally just done for beauty pageants ( which are disappearing ) . 
  great point . 
  looking down on lower classes here on tv is a major no-no . 
  not that people do n't do it in real life , but it is considered very rude . 
  for most americans , the highest accomplishment possible is to become very rich , but not change as a person . 
  of course most people who become very rich change whether they want to or not . 
  yes , these are the only movies made in america . 
  you , good sir , are unintentionally ironic . 
  i am blown away that a romanian on a european board posts a seinfeld reference properly !!, 
  seinfeld big over there ? 
  no way brah . 
  yup , ` tis an old street ( well old for us ) . 
  maybe you should start / r/noahwebstersucks . 
  i find myself typing theatre instead of theater all the time . 
  i like it better . 
  oh , and i work on centre street if that makes you feel better . 
  i 'm not going to defend dorner , but i can understand why people did . 
  the lapd is notoriously corrupt , brutal and racist . 
  i am sure it has massively improved since the '90s , but still . 
  it was also very clear that their intent was to kill dorner , not even to attempt to bring him in . 
  the fact that they shot at innocent people supports this . 
  i have no doubt he would love to ( esp . 
  since his attorney general would not rule out using drones on americans ) , however , nypd would be able to handle it on their own . 
  not to say that riots are impossible , just that the , spreading throughout the whole city for days would not . 
  in a couple bad neighborhoods , it could happen . 
  any brits who are reading this are going to be very upset !, 
  did you see that whole christopher dorner ( cop who reported corruption ) rampage ? 
  lapd shot at anything that moved , including innocent people . 
  nypd is generally ok , though i will say that american cops are woefully unskilled with firearms . 
  tell you what though , these types of riots would be put down quick . 
  what happened in london could never happen in nyc . 
  lapd are brutal , undisciplined maniacs . 
  nypd would work out much better . 
  that is a very slight difference !!, 
  well i hope sc did n't reinforce every negative stereotype of americans . 
  : - / i 'm from nyc myself ... 
  ha , very interesting . 
  i 'm really surprised , i figured they would just say that the english way is correct , since they invented the language . 
  i studied a semester in london , but for the life of me , i do n't recall ever hearing banana . 
  how is it pronounced differently then over here ? 
  if you really wanted to make peoples heads blow up , you should have pronounced aluminum in the british manner .
