  well it turns out her family moved from west germany . 
  is that odd ? 
   oh and do n't forget the homophobia . 
  http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/southpark/images/f/f0/towelie_ ( 1 ) . png/revision/latest ? cb = 20140802150917, 
  pretty sure their refugee process would preclude that . 
  do n't go there without a visa , they will put you on an island . 
  did they give you a flair permit too ? 
  is this reciprocal ? 
  i 've always wanted to practice kangaroo law . 
  soviet doctors and nuclear scientists came to this country and drive cabs because they wanted to be free . 
  why ca n't these refugees ? 
  ha , not at all . 
  though it 's funny , this is the idea i think europeans get when they see americans with their flag , that they support the president or something . 
  civic nationalism is about an idea , ethno-nationalism is about a `` people . '', 
  it was n't way shittier in the '50s ? 
  you would know better than me , how unusual would this be considered ? 
  you are basically describing the difference between ethno-nationalism , and civic nationalism . 
  a civic nationalist is all for their country and way of life , and anyone else who goes along with that is fine . 
  an ethno-nationalist is trying to preserve some kind of racial ideal . 
  ok , i must have gotten it wrong . 
  apologies . 
  wow , that 's kind of crazy . 
  i thought merkel resisted for awhile ? 
  maybe i 'm confusing it with france and the aircraft carrier . 
  seriously ? 
  i 've never heard that . 
  bergen county , nj shuts down almost all stores on sundays . 
  a lot of ee folks were not pleased with german reluctance to sanction russia . 
  edit : apparently this was not the case . 
   - a larger workforce to cover the ageing population 's current welfair system what about people from southern europe ? 
  they do n't want to work in germany ? 
  some places here have that too , but they are very old laws that people cling to . 
  lots of those laws have been repealed . 
  kind of surprising that it was enacted as a new law over there . 
  but victor likes his christianity i guess . 
  of course i know the difference , just being facetious . 
  fucking foreigners waking me up sunday morning with their goddamned private jets . 
  please tell me they did n't do this b/c church . 
  plenty of them on here , ask one . 
  actually , i forgot this was in the context of a debate . 
  in this situation , i can understand . 
  just coming out with blunt statements on their own does not help though . 
  i 'm saying it 's bad pr and counterproductive to keeping the uk in . 
  only nationalists like their own countries ... 
  which is odd , since she grew up in gdr . 
  no way , they do n't want to get even more accusations of being dominant . 
  the out vote just went up 5 points . 
  europe definitely has less risks than over here . 
  in ny we get insane blizzards and hurricanes . 
  midwest gets tornados and blizzards . 
  then you have deserts out west , as well earthquakes . 
  builds character . 
  that 's fine , but by running constant trade and budget surpluses ( which i believe is against eu rules ) is killing the eurozone . 
  valid point . 
  the point is when you are the leader , there is always going to be criticism . 
  you ca n't make everyone happy . 
  what an idiotic statement . 
  sorry , we ca n't all be mercantilist parasites . 
  cool , will check it at home . 
  i def want to see the northern lights , in alaska , iceland or northern scandiland . 
  no euro cities in the top 10 for snow . 
  here are the 10 snowiest cities according to meteorology website accuweather ( average annual snowfall in brackets ) : 1 . 
  syracuse , us ( 3.15 m ) 6 . 
  quebec city , canada ( 3.15 m ) 7 . 
  buffalo , us ( 2.41 m ), 
  sepp is a piece of shit . 
  jealous :-(, 
  we have hit 40 before , but i did not expect that in switzerland . 
  your winter is similair to ours . 
  do any large cities in europe get blizzards with 1m + of snow ? 
  so next year ? 
  use the remind me bot or whatever . 
  talk to you then . 
  that 's a good question , as it tends to get hotter and colder here than most places in europe . 
  to talk about extremes , in the ny area this summer we hit 35.5 , and in the winter it hit -18 . 
  it 's a pretty big range ... edit : budapest looks to have similar weather to nyc . 
  they are americans fella . 
   does n't make it intrinsically superior to regular buildings being built . 
  it makes it intrinsically the most expensive real estate possible , since all these buildings will be super high end residential , or class a business space . 
  adding millions of square feet of that type of real estate is different than some warehouse on the outskirts that is also huge . 
   it 's a fiefdom of german domination which is growing relentlessly aggressive in its unquenchable thirst for power . 
  uh , that 's a bit much , no ? 
  sounds like being a leader . 
  it 's changed in europe , i 'll put money on that . 
  looks like summer now . 
  will look like this in a few weeks : http://klfm.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/americancruiselines-hudson-river.jpg, 
  i ca n't view youtube at work , will check later . 
  i 'd disagree that supertall construction is n't indicative of economic health , because they are such a massive investment . 
  however , if you wanted to look at it purely from a square feet under construction angle , obviously buildings tons of huge buildings is going add up to a massive amount of space . 
  is there any movement in london for medium-high residential construction ? 
  like 20-40 story buildings in large numbers ? 
  how else can london grow ? 
  builders are constrained by the greenbelt as well , right ? 
  to the extent that trade flows with the pacific increase , it will have a beneficial affect on nyc finance . 
  still with the jews huh ? 
  you racist !, 
  i see what you are saying with regards to relatice population size , though one could easily argue that london is the financial capital of the entire eu . 
  i 'm not really sure that nyc would have blown london away 10 years ago , it was probably close then too . 
  as for gdp , nyc and london are quite similar in many ways , so i do think it is a somewhat worthy measure . 
  size does matter .
