  i just called off the strike . 
  that was close man . 
  that 's what i thought too . 
  their pr game is strong . 
  i think it would be a lot more patriotic to save some loot on them bases . 
  goddamned foreigners , going to ireland and fucking up the coffee . 
  actually , here is a fight , since you brought it up . 
  i had the worst coffee of my life in ireland . 
  it sucked everywhere . 
  what 's up with that ?!?!?!, 
  great tea though . 
  i 'd actually like to see those removed , so it would n't really be a good fight . 
  dammit , i was hoping for a fight . 
  i 'll live , but can you imagine the shitfest if an american asking other americans to explain europeans because europeans are incapable of answering in a rational manner ? 
  `` tell me more about my country ? '', 
  is that what you guys say ? 
  if you started smoking again , did you have to give the watch back ? 
  does the vw affair has the potential for massive damage to the whole economy ? 
   they told me this on the 4th of july and it destroyed any desire on my part to even be allies let alone friends with germany . 
  ze bastards !, 
  it is true . 
  ireland , austria and finland also have the opt out . 
  one for all , and all for one . 
  we 're in a good hood . 
  sweden has an opt-out from mutual defense in the eu . 
  til albania is in nato . 
  you can be my bro , bro . 
  `` can you believe the stupid americans !, 
  trying to change things ! '', 
  some people will never be happy , either we are neoliberal puppets , or overly optimistic leftists . 
  lot 's of euros , less eurobros ... 
  if an american posted it , it would have been gone . 
  no one seems to talk about that though . 
  rolling coal is illegal . 
  i was just making a dumb joke , but when the vw thing first came out , german redditors were telling me that the us gov had made the scandal up , but even more protested that there could literally be no way that the us has stricter emissions bc rolling coal , etc. 
  denial . 
  yes, 
  i 've literally never gone to / r/politics , and i have no plans to change that . 
  but i 'd rather go to / r/murica than / r/politics ... 
   i feel even less of a connection to the country and will be giving up the citizenship this term anyway . 
  taxes ? 
   but how is bernie sanders different from obama ? 
  bernie is white . 
  '' / r/murica , do europeans really hate merkel ? 
  i ca n't get a rational answer from any europeans , so i 'm asking here . '', 
  this explains it a bit : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3otq5a/are_american_redditors_really_so_much_into/cw0in30, 
  i think that is a pretty good summary of rp . 
  good job eurobro . 
  you forgot to take your meds . 
  we do n't have a single subreddit for the us ( i actually think we should ) , so the people that go to / r/politics or whatever are going to have an agenda , not just your `` average '' redditor . 
  i 'd never go into that sub . 
  / r/france is not just for politics , and you get a wider spectrum of people . 
  in that case , i guess you will have to stick to polling and traditional news sites . 
  just like how i ca n't use / r/europe for a barometer on immigration . 
  it 's a fundamental flaw of reddit , and i 'm guessing all redditors worldwide skew left , male , and young . 
  botrh clintons have good relations with the black community . 
  it does n't look like the cnn story says anything different . 
  of course sander 's people are on reddit , and i assume all the other candidates too , they just do not resonate well . 
  libertarians for example , why would they even waste their time coming here , rand paul has no chance of anything . 
  this is really about how reddit functions , the algorithms and all that . 
  if anything consistently gets upvoted , it becomes an all encompassing circlejerk . 
  but if you ask sanders supporters that , they are n't going to say that , they are just going to argue for sanders . 
  oh , you mean like how this place used to be eu federalist heaven , and now it 's full of euroskeptic merkel haters ? 
  and there is never circkejerking here about immigration bad . 
  it 's almost like there are huge fads on reddit that become dominant all the time . 
  weird . 
  clinton have great relations with the black community . 
  most people in this thread have no idea what they are talking about . 
  maybe in europe . 
  very few rp supporters are supporting bernie . 
  you ever consider that americans , and american redditors re not monolithic ? 
  both candidates have hardcore supporters that want to use social media to their advantage . 
  frenchie asking euros what americans think , bc americans are too irrational to answer for themselves . 
  vw was an inside job . 
  and we spy on germans for them . 
  we did n't say anything because we do n't want other countries that we collaborate with to think we would sell them out . 
  we 'll take the heat so that other countries wo n't have to look bad to their home audience . 
  who cares if germany throws a temper tantrum ? 
  here we are realistic enough to know that everyone spies on everyone . 
  the more i pay attention to germany , the more they seem crazy to me . 
  i was joking . 
  though it 's crazy that there was no divorce until 1995 . 
  did n't it barely pass too ? 
  that you , armin meiwes ? 
  my parents were so good with that . 
  you just have n't had enough time to learn how to do it yet . 
   the fifteenth amendment of the constitution of ireland repealed the constitutional prohibition of divorce . 
  it was effected by the fifteenth amendment of the constitution act , 1995 , which was approved by referendum on 24 november 1995 and signed into law on 17 june 1996 . 
  looks like this is all that is left in it : the state acknowledges that the homage of public worship is due to almighty god . 
  it shall hold his name in reverence , and shall respect and honour religion . 
  only baptized people can properly be molested . 
  is there any type of movement pushing for that ? 
  quebec hates him . 
  the eurofighter pollutes twice as much , we ca n't beat that . 
  vw has all kinds of cheat codes they could use . 
  i 'm not saying friedman is right , i 'm saying there is still resentment/fear when the germans act in a leadership role . 
  the thing is that germany has to be the leader now , for the reasons you wrote above . 
  they are damned if they do , and damned if they do n't . 
  they serve li iced tea in hungary ? 
  oh boy , did i trigger you ?
