  well , he had good taste in cars , no fascist mercedes for him . 
  if you want to hear something funny , kim jong i 's hearse was a lincoln . 
  makes fir terrible propaganda . 
  yes . 
  and apparently it was quite comfortable compared to the soviet satellites . 
  still , this is so bourgeois . 
  you think there are enough white nationalist judges in this country to do that ? 
  you think the senate will approve them ? 
  you think enough judges will die/retire for that to happen ? 
  it 's not possible , and there is no public appetite for it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 've owned a lot of weapons for a long time just in case shtf , but it 's just insurance . 
  it would n't be great , but it would n't be horrible . 
  just like trump could n't get his muslim bans because the constitution and scotus , there will be checks and balances . 
  the institutions in this country are strong enough . 
  and let 's see if trump survives this russia stuff first . 
  yup , no one knows or can tell i 'm jewish , and even i the uk i heard all kinds of comments . 
  here in nyc i was treated to a drunken rant by a swiss man on the arrogance of the jews . 
  he probably had to return the gold teeth under his bed , and was angry . 
  fwiw , i 've spent some time in the deep south , and never heard a single jew comment . 
  where you from originally ? 
  well , the jews run everything , so you never know . 
  same as the indians here , actually quite similar to jews . 
  i feel so alone . 
  please . 
  he 'll probably be appointed director of the fbi . 
  so capitalist of him . 
   is there actual data that shows a spike ? 
  if there is indeed a spike then there 's be something to talk about . 
  i really do n't think this `` spike '' is worth any discussion beyond the fact that jews now feel safe going to germany ( which of course is a good thing ) . 
  linking it to trump or escaping the us is a bit crazy , we can all escape to israel as it is . 
   there 's a tendency to assume victimhood wisens people , but it does n't , really . 
  people do n't turn into progressive angels ( or whatever ) by being victimized . 
  many victims themselves can become enlightened , but many will become bitter . 
  i personally look at it as my duty to stop any racist harassment i witness because so many people stood by or joined in when it happened to the jews . 
  i have put myself at physical risk a few times , even if a member of the group being attacked is not there . 
  i will never support anything like a burkini ban , even if it is not going to personally affect me . 
  so while i was not a victim of the holocaust ( my family had enough of being abused and started leaving romania in the 1880s and everyone was gone from europe by 1905 ) , that is how it has affected me . 
  i honestly ca n't comment on hannah arendt 's thoughts on israel , as i have not read them . 
   maybe they speak the language and have some ties still ? 
  i 've never ever heard of that in my life , everyone was killed , and the ones who made it here were not promoting their german background . 
  the guy sounds like a plastic paddy , which i 've never heard a jew doing . 
   what would an eu passport get someone on top of an american one ? 
  unlimited travel in schengen , right to work , maybe benefits ? 
  as for traveling , they will still know he is american . 
   so in that sense this development is still something to be proud of . 
  evidently , more and more jews see germany as just another country . 
  yeah , i agree , most of us ( even people in their 60s ) do n't hold any grudge against germans alive now , and no country in history has ever faced up to its difficult history better than germany . 
  absolutely something to be very , very proud of . 
  well , they still have the worlds second highest gold reserves . 
  hmmm, 
  out of 1.1 m of us in the nyc metro ... 
  there is a really nice dutch redditor who frequents this sub ; his dad was an american soldier and he has been to the us to visit family . 
  i wish i remembered his username now , but he once said to me `` my jewish friend is very happy here , he only gets a hard time from arabs . '', 
  i 'm sorry , if the bar is set that low , it 's really fucking sad . 
  if that redditor is around , what 's up dude !, 
  american jew here - this story is such a stretch it 's a crazy . 
  people want an eu passport to make travelling , working and give them more options . 
  they are n't doing it because trump , they are n't doing it because jews are being treated badly here . 
   he submitted his paperwork to the new york consulate in january , but his motivation was less about the political situation and more a deep personal connection to his german heritage through his grandfather , who he knew as opa . 
   i just wanted to have german citizenship and fulfill the full circle of what my grandfather lost . '', 
  i find this guy pathetic , after hearing the stories of how german jews thought they were so much better than ee jews and gave them a hard time in death camps and on the trains ( see how assimilated they were ? ), 
  he wants to reconnect ? 
  as a person with an austrian jewish side of the family , i can not even comprehend his thinking . 
  just admit you want an eu passport for its own benefits . 
  i loved that song . 
  90s kids, 
  now that is a very reasonable comment !, 
  when the attacks in brussels happened , all the trump folks were going `` omg , sharia hellhole , blah , blah , '' so ignorant and annoying . 
  just like when people circlejerk here . 
  are you actually jewish ? 
  well , we are pretty damn close these days , since a japanese warship escorted a one of our tenders to the carrier group . 
  going to be interesting with the new sk president though . 
  the eu and/or its predecessor was in existence while some current eu members were nato , and others in the warsaw pact . 
  i do n't think that shows that nato kept the peace . 
  i also do n't think since 1989 that eu countries would be fighting each other if they were not in nato . 
  eh , i do n't think they give a shit . 
  assholes . 
  have a link for that ? 
  well , they are free , right ? 
  username checks out . 
  first thing i thought when i saw this . 
  i believe there is one in cali too . 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't really know what that means :-(, 
  this is a long , boring paper , but it appears that inter-generational education/income in ireland tracks that of the father higher than in most oecd countries . 
  https://www.oecd.org/centrodemexico/medios/44582910.pdf looks like the nordics and canada have us both beat . 
  so basically you are like trumpers who go `` thank god i do n't live in brussels '' all the time . 
  good company . 
  no facesitting either . 
  it 's a good time broheim , ya dun goofed . 
  who ? 
  well , a bit of current eu countries were in the warsaw pact . 
  between eu countries ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think anyone would claim nato has anything to do with intra-eu peace . 
  already been , and had a spanish gf who cooked me amazing food all the time . 
  trump and bannon do n't like the eu , but it 's nationalist reasons , not economic . 
  the us has been pro-eu since the beginning . 
  why do you think obama got involved in brexit ? 
  the american biz establishment is firmly pro-eu , and always has been .
