  i 'm only talking about antisemitism . 
  it 's been better to live as a jew in this country than anywhere else . 
  oh , i guess the people i know and myself do n't exist . 
  thx for clarification . 
  i 'm very concerned for the jews of europe as well . 
  i 'm also an american jew , who 's family left multiple countries in europe during the late 1800s bc they were being killed and discriminated against . 
  the odds are pretty damn high that all the family who did n't come here died in the holocaust . 
  my family cane here dirt poor , and have done very well for themselves . 
  i 'd never live anywhere else , even though a redditor just told me the us is just as antisemitic as europe . 
  lol . 
  that would be hard with the tiny numbers of jews around at the time of the revolution . 
  in fact it would be pretty nonsensical to have antisemitism be a big thing back then . 
  antisemitism started here when large numbers of jews immigrated gere starting in the late 1800s . 
  if you think we have anything like the history of antisemitism in europe , you are truly delusional . 
  we are quite nervous for european jews in america , both from muslims and the far fight . 
  antisemitism is the bedrock of the traditional far right in europe , and their strain of antisemitism goes back to medieval times . 
  we had folks like henry ford and the kkk , but it 's not a foundational aspect of our country . 
  hell , look at washington 's letter to the jewish congregation in newport . 
  gee , that sounds fun . 
  are you concerned enough to consider moving ? 
  are you an american ? 
  you honestly believe that his party will let him act in an illegal manner even though mike pence becomes president if they boot trump ? 
  it 's not like they hand the presidency to the democrats . 
  and i do n't love congressional republicans , but there are enough decent ones that are not going to let him violate the constitution . 
  i really think you are getting confused . 
  i 'm not saying trump wo n't try awful things , i 'm saying he is going to get away with massive unconstitutional and illegal actions . 
  he will be impeached if he does . 
  i do n't doubt for a second the trump administration would try to pull some horrible shit . 
  i do doubt that everyone else is going to sit by and let us end up a fascist state, 
  that is a huge stretch to think that even republicans are going to sit by and let fascism happen , or that any judges will ignore 200 years if constitutional law . 
  so the entire congress and supreme court will just let it happen ? 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  you have a higher number than the scandis , with less benefits . 
  or is that wrong ? 
  even if hitler himself was elected president , the constitution will leave plenty of ways to get rid of him and his policies . 
  this is n't the weimar republic . 
  that is n't so different than our social security , it is automatically deducted from everyone 's paycheck . 
  but it 's never been enough to live on alone . 
  are your pensions good enough that you can live on it without additional income ? 
  i 'm very lucky , i work for a state government , and get a state pension , social security and i 'm investing in a tax deferred retirement plan as well . 
  oh , like if you work for a private company l , the gov does that pension ? 
  here the gov does public pensions and social security/welfare . 
  same here in the us . 
  i think greece and france have very high numbers of gov employees . 
  it 's what you get for your money . 
  holy shit . 
  was birth control not an option ? 
  albania too i believe, 
  does n't seem like greece and france get a lot of bang for the buck . 
  unfortunately i 'm not sure he is pretending to befriend russia . 
  it 's true love . 
  he was on the news all week giving the same statements . 
  that 's what he does every day , it was n't for the rabbi . 
  i have a jewish background and did not find it offensive . 
  i 'd love for religion to go away altogether , but as long as no one is breaking any laws , we can not tell people how to conduct themselves . 
  this might be shed some light on the founder 's concept of religous freedom : http://www.tourosynagogue.org/history-learning/gw-letter, 
  the difference is that we have faith in our political structures that only the most insane people here are worried about a descent into fascism . 
  lol, 
  the ottomans treated jews quite well compared to most of europe . 
  yup , regular public school . 
  good point , total opposite in poland, 
  message to trump , not the us . 
  how about economic aid and debt forgiveness to the south in order to promote unity ? 
  just to explain , in the us , we are not allowed to have any official religion at all , but individuals are free to practice their religion . 
  i kniw about the antisemitism in greece , and as a person with a jewish background , it makes me sad . 
  needs an / s in this thread !, 
  i guess the soviets were good for something then . 
  i used to get really annoyed , now i just kind of laugh . 
  i mean i hate when people are wrong on the internet , but seeing people who are so wrong patting each other on the back is hilarious . 
  what ? 
  you meanime how trump is `` religious '' but has divorced three times , has admitted to adultery , and is generally a womanizer ? 
  of course we know all that , it 's just tradition , no one is taking it so seriously , even though it may appear serious to people who are n't aware of the context . 
  i 'm an atheist jew , and as a atheist jew in a supposedly christian theocracy , i seem to feel much safer than the jews of secular france , or those in malmo , and many other places in secular europe . 
  we are n't being attacked here . 
  i hope the religious spectacle would go away , but it 's not oppressing me , and as a person from a religious minority group , i 'd be the one who feeling it . 
  are you talking a out the puritans ? 
  the reason is because the country was full of people from different religions , catholic , quakers , protestants , etc. 
  how could there be a state church for them all ? 
  they did n't want what happened in europe with the violence during the reformation to happen here . 
  the christian dude would have said the same exact thing even if their was no rabbi there . 
  no , they still do , and if your kid is not baptized , you may have a hard time getting your kid into public school . 
  correct . 
  the founders were most concerned about the threat of a state church , not religion itself . 
  pretty sure they are just protecting themselves . 
  jesus is a very common mexican name . 
  was the rabbi part of the state religion ? 
  i bet the greek patriarch says it 's proof of jewish control of ` murica . 
  never heard of this , but i guess obama was a pope and i did n't know . 
  can confirm, 
  yes , it becoming socially unacceptable would be great . 
  i 'd rather not see it either , but it 's not illegal or unconstitutional. , so the new president can do it . 
  if these comments were coming from a frenchy , with strict secularity and republicanism , i could totally get it . 
  you come from a hereditary monarchy , who is the head of a state church , you have unelected life peers in your parliament , etc. 
  you have so much anachronistic stuff going on , and when i lived in your country , i found it bewildering . 
  and i 'm sure to you it seems normal , and to us , the inauguration feels normal . 
  the atheist you are talking about are the mods of / r/atheism . 
  i 'm an atheist-jew , and i 'm not threatened by it . 
  i do n't love all the jesus talk , but none of it is mandated , and we do not have a state religion . 
  there could have been no religion talk at all , but as of now it is a part of politics . 
  i do understand you find it is perplexing , just like i was shocked to learn that in ireland , unbaptized children get lower priority for public school .
