  there are exceptions of course . 
  it is not true that it is harder to pin point them at all . 
  because they have a largely unfettered right to free speech , they are doing the best to make themselves heard . 
  so it is easy to find them . 
  works better then suppressing them if you ask me , but i totally understand there are a lot of historical reasons for restrictions on hate speech in europe . 
  the best part about letting these folks spout off is letting them make fools of themselves and destroying and credibility . 
  they shoot themselves in the foot every time . 
  i would still say we have a much lower percentage of race based extremism than most places on earth . 
  the are a lot of `` militia '' types you would probably call extreme , but they are n't largely based on racial ideas , mostly just anti-gov ideas . 
  you can look them up if you wish . 
  in american parlance , neo-liberal is not used at all , and certainly not in the fashion used in europe ( i.e. 
  a free marketer ) . 
  but yes , you can easily say obama is a neo-con , no doubt about it . 
  that is correct . 
  and fox news is just parroting war mongering neo-cons and making arguments for why poor people should argue against obama care . 
  granted , one anchor did say `` terrrorist fistbump '' about the obamas , but she was promptly fired . 
  they do n't have actual blatant calls for expulsions or defend hardcore racists . 
  and i 'm no foxnews lover , trust me . 
  i 'm quite happy my jewish great grandfather left vienna for nyc in 1901 . 
  yes , she was a functionario ; in 2000 i thought it was insane that was what she aspired to , but now i work for a state judiciary myself !!, 
  times change ... 
  thanks for the answer , i hope she is doing well . 
  she was able to get the job because she was very , very smart . 
  very traditional too though , did her father 's and brother 's laundry , cooked . 
  her mother was scandalized when she heard we took a trip to california and stayed in the same hotel room . 
  of course it was no big deal when her brother visited us in nyc with his gf . 
  oh well , she was a great girl , and i hope she is doing well . 
  thx for answering . 
  mind if i ask you a maybe irrelevant question to corruption ? 
  many years ago , i met a spanish girl while studying in london , we went out for a few years , she moved to the us for a bit . 
  she moved back to spain and got a job as a government teacher . 
  she lived in the alicante region , but may have moved to barcelona to teach . 
  my question is , someone in her shoes , what has she faced ? 
  layoffs ? 
  paycuts ? 
  around 2000 or so , her dad was buying properties all over the calpe area , i assume those went to shit as well . 
  they were such a nice and successful family , i 'd hate to think of them struggling . 
  it 's almost incomprehensible , they were so proud and sure of spain 's future when i was visited . 
  made by left hand brewing in colorado , that does some great english styles . 
  their saw tooth ale ( esb ) is my second favorite of that style after fullers . 
  amazing on tap , shit in a bottle . 
  my favorite porter and stout are made by great lakes brewery . 
  [ edmund fitgerald porter ] ( http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/73/226/?ba=bros ) and [ blackout stout ] ( http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/73/15813 ) . 
  they also make my favorite english-ish style pale ale ( though it is listed as an apa ) [ burning river ] ( http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/73/225 ) . 
  or maybe you just do not like english styles . 
  fullers extra special bitter is the archetype and most perfect example of an esb . 
  it is pure malty , chewy , bready perfection . 
  but if you are n't into that ( and many people are not ) , you are n't going to like it no matter how perfect it is . 
  you can appreciate it though . 
  you like porter ? 
  try a meantime london porter . 
  keep an eye out for anything from meantime or fullers . 
  actually i 'm mostly referring to their `` live ales '' which do not travel at all , they are amazing . 
  on top of that , they have fullers and meantime , which are amazing . 
  people in the uk seems to love adnams as well , though i think the ones i mentioned prior are better . 
  i am disregarding all large manufacturers of piss , for all countries . 
  additionally , i 'm referring to styles . 
  the belgian trappists and english esbs and porters are the standard . 
  i suppose you could say the germans set the standard for hefeweizen . 
  no one thinks you should stop making those old amazing beers at all . 
  weihenstephaner original is the bestest hot weather beer ever , it would be a travesty to stop producing it . 
  in fact , everything from weihenstephaner is outstanding . 
  i 'm also a very big fan of leipziger gose , perhaps my second favorite hot weather beer . 
  but it would be nice to have some more , variety , no ? 
  as far as saying `` dimensional boring explosion of american hops '' that would have been accurate about five years ago . 
  lets take the # 1 rated beer on beer advocate , heady topper , from vermont . 
  it does indeed have a ton of hops , but it is backed up by a serious malt profile , and if they toned the hops down , you could make a fine esb out of it . 
  but let us discuss beers that are not hoppy . 
  quads are everywhere , this one is my favorite http://www.ommegang.com/#!beer_three . 
  here is a great esb from colorado : http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/418/1543 . 
  currently my fridge is stocked with great lakes blackout stout and christmas ale , which are effing phenomenal . 
  i could go on for hours , but you get the point , i mean i did n't even bring up sours , which are huge now . 
  i had a sour gose in portland , oregon this summer , holy shit that was good . 
  the point i was trying to convey however , was not that germany is n't creative only compared to the us , but compared to the rest of the world ( but mainly us/europe ) , hence the use of the term `` global . '', 
  this is true . 
  mikkeller are a world class brewers , i know they opened a bar in sf , and i think somewhere else over here too . 
  i can find their beers at most good bottle shops . 
  on the page you just linked me , they say they are opening a bar in berlin , because they ca n't find any craft beer their . 
  nogne ( i do n't have that wacky o with a slash ) from your cousins to the north are also great . 
  there is brewdog in scotland , and chouffe in belgium that stray from the tried and true a bit . 
  maybe the germans will get on board one day . 
  ber aficionado here as well . 
  i 'm sure you will agree that the reinheitsgebot ( yes , i know it is non-binding ) has really stifled the evolution of beer in germany . 
  do n't get me wrong there are great beers from germany , weihenstephan especially , but they have not been taking part of the global renaissance in craft beer . 
  maybe they are saying it is a beer country , not a wine country ? 
  but yeah , belgium and uk are the beer kings of europe . 
  is your name related to http://www.delirium.be/ ? 
  just curious , have you had any adverse reactions from american women ? 
  how has that worked with regard to the much worse female genital mutilation ? 
  it 's illegal everywhere , and still goes on a lot . 
  i am not saying at all that it should be legalized , just that it is n't stopping anyone . 
  what did the netherlands do wrong ? 
  zip it , ya hump . 
  i 've been up to visit many times , in winter !!, 
  no fair weather friend here . 
  as you have from me , not everyone here is bad of course !, 
  this is one of my favorite subs , just more downvotes than there should be sometimes . 
  edit : like the downvote i got for this comment . 
  hooray . 
  thanks for the support neighbor .
