  young french peeps are fine , no complaints . 
  and really , talking loud on the subway is n't a huge complaint . 
  lol , ireland will definitely mind . 
  french talk loudly on our subway , but you ca n't blame them for being excited . 
  have you considered building a winch in iceland and pulling yourselves further west ? 
  nigel farage paid him to do this . 
  brexit was an inside job !, 
  hardly scientific , and if the chinese are n't # 1 , i would n't believe it . 
  but that 's just being bad tourists , i 'm talking about being belligerent drunks , you certainly beat us on that . 
  like this summer when i went to a wedding in ireland that was populated by irish , americans , canadians and english . 
  only the english were strewn about the halls unconscious or kicked out of the one pub in the little village we were in for puking on the tables . 
  so let those americans in dublin have their one day . 
  that would backfire here as well . 
  that would be a lot smarter . 
  you 're saying americans are the main trouble makers on st. patrick 's at temple bar , and i 'm saying with that exception , the english have that title everywhere else . 
  if that 's true , americans get one day a year in one neighborhood in one city to be horrible drunk tourists , while the english get everywhere else on earth 365 days a year . 
  it 's hardly a competition . 
  after wwii we forced the uk to give up it 's empire ( not that they had much choice ) and started secretly funding the eec , we ca n't give up on that now . 
  yeah , not good pizza though . 
  brb , booking trip to greece . 
  umm , this is a horrible idea , unless he secretly wants the uk out . 
  talk about it, 
  that ` sthejoke.jpg, 
  uhoh , calling a quebecer french is like calling a bostonian irish . 
  sorry , canada is 51st , you are 52nd . 
  feel the bern muthafucka !, 
  geographically yes , culturally no . 
  that sounds freaking amazing . 
  know any good lithuanian places to eat in nyc ? 
  imagine the eu announced an aid package for greece to protect the borders instead of threatening it ? 
  ah , the casing , yes . 
  i was thinking of stuff like `` chitlins '' which was an american slave food . 
  i 've never had it , but apparently it 's pretty tough to eat : http://whatscookingamerica.net/history/chitlinshistory.htm but if we are just talking sausages , i eat em all summer !, 
  a citi field ( baseball stadium where the ny mets play ) they have italian sausage and peppers , my favorite thing ever . 
  http://www.metstoday.com/3122/citi-field/ah-sweet-sausage/ the bun is too big though , eh . 
  also , my friend ( who 's father is from hungary ) make lescho ( pepper stew ) with polish keilbasa , it 's amazing . 
  having people openly like you helps !, 
  and that 's what i 'm saying , it seemed to be mutual with those countries . 
  we learned that one too . 
  according to reddit scots = canadians , english = americans . 
  that 's an interesting theory by your bf ... 
  everyone is the butt of jokes to you guys . 
  but i never heard any actual dislike , and many people seem to have visited . 
  i know , but now it sounds like we are going to send a lot of people back , though not necessarily to germany . 
  and it is understandable now , because with low oil prices and increased military spending , it 's going to hit russia really hard . 
  we 're trying to send him back . 
  umm , i mean that might be true for a reddit comment or something , or for the pedantic argument weather or not `` europe '' means the eu or not i guess , but that 's not really how it went down . 
  on the bus from heathrow i saw speed limit signs in mph , so when i was at the dorm i said `` hey , i saw mph signs out there , i thought all of europe uses kmh ? '', 
  the reply was `` but sir , you are not in europe , you are in england . '', 
  i thought it was hilarious , and it is indicative of some people 's attitudes , even though it was not so serious . 
  anyway , if i insulted your heritage by not knowing that the uk still uses some imperial measures , i apologize . 
  sounds like an elaborate scheme to avoid having your peepee cut . 
  are you the guy that asked / r/ireland if they were the mexico of europe ? 
  hockey henke !, 
  i do n't disagree with you at all . 
  i think it 's nuts that we have large numbers of troops in developed , wealthy democracies . 
  it 's a dirty deal between us and europe , we pay for defense , and in return we do what we want . 
  i replied to odysseus11 , not you . 
  yes , but we do have a lot of coast to protect ... 
  look at the comments in this very thread by brits . 
  they are european of course , but seem to have a separate identity from the continent . 
  just like trump in new hampshire . 
  damn canadians sneaking in all the time . 
  it 's the fn stronghold , right ? 
  i 'd eat that . 
  yeah , that is awesome . 
  i was just taking issue with the guy above who said it was so great for america . 
  i guess we should let a swede settle it ... 
  [ wrong ] ( http://alxdesigns.co/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/u_lundqvist.png ), 
  `` fun '', 
  at least jerz is easier to escape from . 
  maybe they will form two opposing blocs and fight a war . 
  the irony of it all . 
  no , but on those shows where people travel around eating local foods , they always say you can get a poopy taste from unseasoned intestines . 
  sorry , i should have put more effort into my comment . 
  i was just saying that for most of the eu that is true , but not the uk , which of course has led to the current situation . 
  that 's the whole problem , is n't it ? 
  i do n't know , we must be missing something . 
  you come from good stock my friend . 
   it 's similar to modern day americans really . 
  exactly . 
  granted , we are much more isolated and insular since instead of 20 miles away , were are more or less an island with thousands of miles of ocean on both sides . 
  oh god , i 'm so sorry . 
  t'was wise of you to move far away . 
  in ny we have the opposite going on . 
  people from long island are embarrassments that we have to disassociate from . 
  sounds kinda lame broheim . 
  fuck that , i did a semester in london and was drunk 97 % of the time . 
  though i did almost leave when i found out the pubs were required to close by 11 ( this was a long time ago ) . 
  by some miracle , our dorm was across the street for a `` restaurant '' with a dance floor that was open until 3am . 
  best . 
  time . 
  ever . 
  i was just doing an undergrad semester , the cultural/social aspect was way more important to me than academic . 
  the grades did n't even count into my average , though i did quite well in any event . 
  then sign me up !, 
  what about when you visit germany or france ? 
  it 's always seemed to me that brits have a softspot for belgium/denmark/netherlands , but not so much for germany . 
  of course i could be totally wrong . 
   the big reason as to why to integrate the european countries was to prevent future wars .
