   the real reason that no one wanted to fight russia was because it would have been an absolute blood bath . 
  right . 
  we are in agreement , but your tone threw me off . 
  my word , you are a belligerent fellow !, 
  we would have had to have nuked moscow , st. petersburg , etc. 
  i 'm not sure how many bombs we had at that point though . 
  i mean that is a massive escalation . 
  and remember , we had to get our troops out of europe , and over to japan right after ve day . 
   the usa fucked us on poland as much as you . 
  churchill wanted the allies to continue east and push back the soviets but unfortunately the americans had no will to do that and completely fell for the ` uncle joe ' image of stalin . 
  you need to learn some history . 
  as soon as germany was defeated , we had to mobilize our forces to destroy japan . 
  we did this by getting people out of europe . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demobilization_of_united_states_armed_forces_after_world_war_ii#initial_demobilization_in_europe the ussr did n't even declare war on japan until we dropped the bombs , so it was n't like we had much help . 
  i know there were uk colonial troops , australians , etc. 
  taking part in the pacific theater , but the uk was rightfully concerned about the threat to it 's very existence , and wisely directed almost everything at the euro theater . 
  every time someone bitches about us in europe during wwii , they completely forget that we had another massive front even further away from our own country . 
  i always hear people bitching that mcarthur was n't allowed to nuke china during the korean war as well . 
  hindsight is easy . 
  because stalin would have listened ? 
  `` chancellor angela merkel of germany told mr. obama by telephone on sunday that after speaking with mr. putin she was not sure he was in touch with reality , people briefed on the call said . 
  `` in another world , '' she said . '', 
  well look how long it takes to get anything changed in america . 
  our union is probably stronger than anything that the nations of europe would ever agree to , but we always have the conservative parts of the country fighting with the liberal ( in the american sense ) parts of the country . 
  the result is gridlock . 
  you are in nato , of course we will protect you . 
  but my thinking is that if there had been more credible militaries on the continent , russia would have been less inclined to pull this off . 
  spain out in .85 % of gdp , italy put 1.7 % , but under the 2 % obligations of nato . 
  those are major countries . 
  netherlands 1.4 % , denmark 1.4 % germany puts in 1.4 % , though maybe poland is ok with that . 
  all i 'm saying is that we have been telling every one in nato do live up to their commitments for 20 years , and they have n't . 
  but now we are expected to live up to our commitments , and we will . 
  but do n't you see how americans get annoyed from being called warmongers , militarists , occupiers , etc. , . etc. , and then europe wants us there all the sudden . 
  i can assure you it is not poland that annoys us . 
  we also need to protect our interests in the east . 
  we have the same commitments to sk , ( maybe taiwan ) and japan that we have to nato . 
  which reminds me that when on this very sub we have so many people saying the us did n't do shit in wwii , they forget we were fighting a two front war , both of them thousands of miles from home !, 
  to from `` yankee go home '' `` yankee shows up to wwii late to take all the credit '' to `` yankee save us ! '', 
  in one day canbe a bit bewildering . 
  yeah , i got it , people like bud the best out of those . 
  i thought you were saying you went to a bar , and it was bud lite , then natural light , keystone , etc , the actual bottom of the barrel beers . 
  that would be a hell of a bar . 
  if you personally think bud lite is better than those , totally valid , but that is just personal taste , not an actual difference in quality , they are all bad . 
  wait , but light is the best beer they carry ? 
  pray tell , where are you going that has worse beers than bud lite , and what are these beers ? 
  that was a test , it was you !, 
  i knew it !, 
  i 'm now going to sulk in a corner . 
  take that !, 
  yeah , that fella must live somewhere bad . 
  you are just going to the wrong bars . 
  i 'm in the nyc metro , even shit bars will have local craft beer available . 
  even the old man alchy irish bar across the street . 
  green bottles . 
  did n't think it would be you . 
  i must have made an enemy !!, 
  my honor , it is offended . 
  how am i getting downvoted 1 min after posting ? 
  not you , is it ? 
  what was the legitimate reason in libya ? 
  ok , i guess i was wrong on that . 
  maybe i take all the `` we ca n't count on the continent '' comments/articles too seriously . 
  i am quite aware of german reluctance , and the reasons why for that as well . 
  however , there is a power vacuum that needs to be filled for the eu/europe to be taken seriously . 
  if the germans do not want to use their own forces , why not provide serious military aid to their eu friends to the east ? 
  they have the worlds 3rd largest arms industry , and by supplying their allies , they will be stimulating their own economy . 
  i think we pushed nato too far east and forced putin 's hand . 
  nato literally surrounds russia 's western border : http://cdn.physorg.com/newman/gfx/news/hires/natos28membe.jpg i suppose gw bush was pushing enlargement so we could create our `` missle shield '' with bases in romania , etc. 
  sure , but greece is too worried about a turkish invasion to take part . 
  very informative . 
  thanks . 
  but we did n't even take the lead in lybia , uk/france pushed for it . 
  and then we had to carry out the operation . 
  i do n't see a scenario where it does n't happen if the us/uk pulled out in 1945 . 
  but maybe you can enlighten me . 
  you are a funny fella . 
  yes , this is where i get all my opinions from . 
   edit : 10 upvotes , 8 down . 
  / r/europe [ 1 ] , you can do better . 
  are you that naive ? 
  this is the worst sub for downvoting in all of redditland . 
  yes , i understand that . 
  i personally think there can only be a strong europe with a strong german military . 
  so i would like to see you spend more and arm more . 
  amend your constitution if you must . 
  we must pivot to the east , and let the europeans take care of themselves . 
  because guns . 
  imagine more americans were aware of this ? 
  hey , i 'm all for getting out of europe , but you think stalin would have left it alone in 1947 ? 
  we were needed for the cold war . 
  now we are not . 
  hey !, 
  that is n't hand drawn in ms paint !, 
  your are banned !, 
  i totally agree with you , we need to get our troops out of europe . 
  europeans would then develop their own military capabilities , and could set their own policy . 
  though it would be nice if you let us keep a few military hospitals , and let us refuel planes . 
  we can like them just because we like them , not because our great , great grandfather moved to milwaukee in 1879 . 
  every time i see an american comment `` as an xxx-american '' i cringe . 
  our lng export by vessel capability is negligible .
