  i lived in london in ' 98 , and the food was quite awful . 
  glad to hear they have improved the situation . 
  what ? 
  food absolutely can be an art form . 
  the presentation alone can be art . 
  have n't you ever had something so good it blew you away ? 
  and that it must have been incredibly difficult to make ? 
  i suppose you could argue it is a science as well . 
  we have plenty of states with gay marriage , and openly gay athletes . 
  just stay away from the south . 
  i do n't think it would go over well if the uk parliament did the same . 
  and why was it in english ? 
  fuck you !, 
  / u/cascadian _ wants to visit europe , and feel like he is in an exotic land !, 
  fuck the need for diverse peoples to converse and collaborate , his vacation is more important !, 
  man , as a french/american , you literally are the target of 75 % of the abuse in this sub . 
  sorry man . 
  as a person who has lived in london , i can confirm this . 
  there are still plenty of places in europe to avoid english if you wish . 
  so what is you particular problem with english ? 
  arghg fighting ... will not ... make ... dictator comments . . day after the entire continent of europe ... and the us ... 
  celebrate defeat of a german ... dictator . 
  phew , that was close . 
  there are so many comments to make , but i 'll just paste wikipedia links for you . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adversarial_system http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inquisitorial_system, 
  just wanted to thank you for your civil discourse . 
  you can look at others on this very thread , and see that being civil is n't always par for the course . 
  lol !, 
  you are answering what you think , not what centuries of common law and american law says . 
  hell , we should appoint you our benevolent dictator . 
  i 'm hoping you are an angsty 14 year old , because this is beyond idiotic . 
  i do n't opine on the laws of foreign counties that i know nothing about . 
  ahh , you are one of those rude anti-american folks . 
  perhaps i should give more credence to those in this sub who say the germans are so bossy and arrogant . 
  the banks here knowingly , and wrongfully ignored the law tons of times . 
  most of the time , the homeowner never answered the complaint , and the bank swore that they checked the land registry . 
  if the person had answered the complaint and pointed this out , the case would get dismissed . 
  anyway , that 's enough conversing with an arrogant buffoon for me . 
  i explained it all below to / r/jebusgobson . 
  here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/252gct/do_you_have_to_register_to_vote_in_your_country/chdhb7n also , it is quite rude to tell people that `` you should do what we do , '' especially when you are not informed on the subject . 
  i 'm quite certain you do n't like when americans on reddit say the same . 
  all real property and other commercial property as well is registered at the county level here , and the banks that foreclosed on properties that people do n't own were acting totally illegally . 
  you would think it 's a whole lot of trouble , but its actually much cheaper not to . 
  all the computer systems ( except military intelligence/cia ) can search each other in one second . 
  its cheaper than having an agency set up just for keeping one record , and like i said the definitions vary by state to state and for each application , so it is n't feasible to have a `` one '' address for everyone . 
  selective service is still only men !, 
  where is the equality !!!!?? 
  of course , there will only be a draft if wwiii happens , so no one is too worried about it . 
  when you are born , you are issued a birth certificate by the local government , and a social security number by the federal government , this is how the government knows you exist . 
  from there it gets a little more complicated . 
  what if you are in college in connecticut for 9 months a years , and home with your parents in ny the other 3 months ? 
  which are you a resident of ? 
  you can be a resident of ct , and a domiciliary of ny , because you intend to return to your parents after college . 
  you would be able to register to vote at either place , but not both . 
  but that is for voting . 
  so let 's say you own a house in florida that you stay at in the winter , and you want to register you car there bc it is so much cheaper than ny . 
  but ny makes you register your car in ny if you live in ny for over 90 days . 
  so you might still be a florida resident , but you would have to get ny license plates . 
  what i 'm trying to say is every application can have a different definition of residency , and the distinction between residency and domicile is important . 
  then there are federal determinations of this as well . 
  so if you move to a town and have a kid , the first thing you do is go to the town hall , and register your kid for school . 
  if you bought a house in that town , it gets recorded by the county clerk , and you will get tax bills from that town . 
  all these things are public record , which the federal government has access to . 
  99 % of the time , it is cut and dry where someone resides . 
  but if you are dealing with wealthy people who have properties all over the place , it get complicated . 
  the government will look at the mosaic of information , and determine where is your domicile or residence . 
  the context this comes up a lot in is taxes and child custody cases . 
  so , no , there is no federal central register of residency , but there is so many records out there that it is not a problem to find out where someone is , or there last know address . 
  you also do provide the fed government your address by filing taxes and applying for benefits . 
  young men are kept in a database by the selective service act , in case of a military draft . 
  so there are so many records , that the government knows where you are , since they have access to all this . 
  but there is no central database . 
  any federal agency can ask state/fed agencies where you are . 
  hell , for $ 20 you can search for your info online using a private company , which will list everywhere you ever lived . 
  not to say i do n't know people who use their parents address to avoid paying nyc taxes . 
  the just have to all their bills sent there , and ca n't register to vote . 
  you are right , not everyone files taxes , though everyone should . 
  for low income and elderly people , they really , really should files taxes , because they are entitled to a lot of different benefits . 
  so filing taxes doesn ; t mean paying taxes all the time . 
  you get x amount for each person you claim as a dependent for example . 
  it will never be used , because there are so many different definitions of what `` residence '' or `` domicile '' is . 
  for example , new york yankees shortstop , derek jeter ( baseball ) tried to claim he was a florida resident , so he would not have to pay ny state taxes . 
  just from his team schedule , the ny tax dept. 
  was able to figure out that he lived in ny for over half the year , and the he did owe taxes . 
  florida probably could care less where you say you live , because they have no state tax . 
  it also wo n't be used because it is an area that has been under the jurisdiction of the states forever . 
  i mean , maybe they double check residency status with the feds in a legal dispute , but otherwise , they want to keep the power to themselves . 
  the federal gov. 
  knows where anyone who files a tax return lives . 
  so that exists . 
  it will never be used for voting though . 
  the self-hating americans are the worst , because there composition in 90 % teenagers who have never been out of the country . 
  eastern europeans on here can be quite pro-us , again , especially since the ukraine . 
  while his reasoning is wrong , we ca n't do a unified voting registration system , since that is the exclusive domain of state governments . 
  the federal government has put constraints on the states ( no poll taxes , segregation of voter suppression allowed , etc. 
  ) , but that is it . 
  so every state has it 's own set up , and they vary wildly . 
  i never registered with a party , but if you do , you can vote in that party 's primary election . 
  to really be a member of the party , you 'd have to join some organization , go to meetings , etc. 
  that was a week before we dropped the bomb , right ?
