  super nice guy , who reaffirmed my high opinion of the danes . 
  i just reared my original comment to you , and no wonder you were confused , it makes no sense !, 
  that is what i get for redditing on the train . 
  i edited to make more sense . 
  merry christmas to you !, 
  huh ? 
  there were no insults . 
  i 'm saying that no redditor with danish flair has been nasty to me , so it makes sense when you went to berlin that they thought you were mr nice guy . 
  huh ? 
  there were no insults . 
  i 'm saying that no redditor with danish flair has been nasty to me , so it makes sense when you went to berlin that they thought you were mr nice guy . 
  danes are the nicest people in europe !!, 
  yup, 
   so , it really was kind of poetic justice to see the boston bombing . 
  i 'd like to make a comment about how i 'm sorry you survived the london bombings , but i 'm not going to stoop to your level . 
  yup . 
  here it is done in court if the insurance companies can not agree . 
  that is why you will hear these crazy cases where a friend sues a friend for a car accident . 
  the friend is n't actually suing , it is the insurance company suing his friend 's insurance company . 
  i think i might like these berliners . 
  no , i do n't mean like complete emergency stop because of some actual serious emergency . 
  i 'm talking about your everyday commute and bam , they slam on the brakes . 
  this probably because i ride the lexington express ( 4/5 ) , which is insanely over capacity , and gets backed up . 
  and sometimes you get an a-hole driver who is rough with the brakes . 
   quiddjes what is this ? 
  yeah , i hear you , people who are not familiar with public transport always do this . 
  people from small towns with small buildings also do this for elevators . 
  if a tourist does this , i will try to brush by gently , if a ny'er does it , i will engage them with my shoulder very brusquely . 
  i do n't know about your claim not to use the pole . 
  on a local , maybe , on an express . 
  you are also forgetting that the train is always at risk of coming to a complete stop at any time . 
  honestly , in my observations , northern europeans do very well here . 
  but french/spanish/italian ... 
  that is a good question . 
  it would depend on the facts of each case , and what type of injury , and is really up to the lawyer involved . 
  a lot of the time the complaint says the amount of damages are not known at this point , but are no less than x. 
  after more is learned , the plaintiff will fill a document with the amount they actually believe is due . 
  this case is the very very early stages . 
  now lets say this woman found a very gullible jury , and they award her a ton of money , the train company could make motion to the judge after , saying the jury made a mistake . 
  this happens all the time , and the judge reduces the amount . 
  they vould even make a motion to say the jury totally effed up , and they owe the woman nothing . 
  these are n't granted all the time , but it does happen . 
  another thing people in europe may not realize is that a lot of the time it is the insurance company suing to get the money they paid out back . 
  so lets say you visit my house and burn it down by accident . 
  i put in a claim , insurance companies pays me , i rebuild my house . 
  as far as i concerned , you and i are even . 
  but my insurance company is not happy with you , and they sue you to get their money back . 
  the case would actually be in my name , but the insurance company is the one pursuing it , i would have almost no involvement . 
  even if you were my best pal on earth , the insurance company has the right to sue you over my objections . 
  and this is where a huge amount of litigation comes from . 
  things are much more complicated than people realize , and sometimes people in / r/europe who are not familiar with our system think they are experts . 
  hell , i would never pretend to know what is going on in a civil law jurisdiction . 
  yeah , they are worth it . 
  when you sue , you ask for the most possible , it is rarely realistic . 
  then they will either settle out of court , or a jury will determine the actual damages . 
  they will usually get 1/3 , but otherwise you are correct . 
  insurance companies first , then lawyers ... 
   will the railway company 's officials be arrested when they enter the usa ? 
  no , these are n't criminal charges . 
  i suppose the worst that could happen is that the government seizes company property they brought here . 
  if you had a family member killed , you most likely could do so . 
  obviously all those donations were illegal , and anyone making them were subject to criminal charges . 
  of course , in the irish bars of nyc and boston , i do n't think they kept very good records when they passed the hat around . 
  come on , this is such lazy criticism , and i 'm not even saying what you are describing is not true . 
  i live in nyc , how do you think european tourists behave on our subway ? 
  like they know what they are doing ? 
  unfortunately a very large percentage have no clue . 
  the first offense is swiping through the turnstile and immediately stopping , and causing a massive backup . 
  i mean the platform is a block long , use it !!, 
  second most common offense is clucking loudly whilst wearing an i heart ny shirt upon entering the train , and then failing to grasp a pole and then falling onto me when the train starts to move . 
  and please do n't even get me started of people trying to take family photos on grand central terminal during rush hour . 
  just look up a timelapse video of gct at rush hour to see how crowded it is ( youtube is blocked at work ) . 
  i also wo n't mention stopping in the middle of a crowded sidewalk to look up at tall buildings . 
  point being , there are going to be a sizable amount of tourists anywhere that just do not pick up on what their hosts are doing . 
  so do i sit here and fume about it ? 
  not really , i just try to let it go . 
  i work in a building that is on a lot of tv shows , and every single day , my entrance and exit is blocked by foreign tourists taking pics . 
  the worst i do is photobomb them . 
  i will grant you that when the dutch come here , they basically fit right in , and i routinely mistake them for americans . 
  but many of your neighbors ? 
  not so much . 
  these articles are only to be found on the bbc . 
  yet i can not get the french and uk ` ers to go at it in / r/europe . 
  this must be for the masses only . 
   see it occasionally in the 11s what does that mean ? 
  yeah , i knew about the church loving franco , but i guess it hasn ; t changed !, 
  my ex 's parents were mad that the priest in her town would let them name her their daughter mari pepa . 
  maybe that is a very rural name or something , i do n't know , but i could not believe a priest had a say !!, 
  it was only 2 years after franco , maybe it would be different now . 
  but is n't it true that the basque region has more `` powers ? '', 
  i have no doubt of your intent and dedication ; in the late '90s i dated a girl who was from the valencia area and was catalan . 
  she hated the central state and told stories how her parents were not permitted to speak catalan growing up under franco . 
  she also told me about how they burn spanish flags at barcelona football games . 
  so i have long been aware of the situation . 
  guess the financial crises was the spark to get it going again . 
  it is going to be very , very volatile . 
  does the church have an opinion on this ? 
  but the autonomias have varying degrees of authority , no ? 
  peurto ricans are quite satisfied with not paying federal income taxes . 
  yes , many come here illegally from very poor families , and are employed in kitchens , or as cleaners of manual laborers .
