  but that is compensation , not a fine . 
  then they were penalized for not issuing a recall once they knew it was defective . 
  yes , and they were all repaired by gm . 
  but it is n't an environmental crime , that is where the big fines are . 
  if gm would have reported and fixed the issue right away , there would be no fine . 
  `` additionally it could face a fine of about $ 18 billion , or $ 37,500 per car , federal environmental officials said . '', 
  obviously killing people is terrible , and that money is going to the victims , but i 'm guessing the difference here is penalties are assessed by the amount of pollutants , just like with bp . 
  also , they specifically designed something to fool the government . 
  and this is for more widespread than the ignition issue gm had . 
  every car manufactured will count as a violation , as where gm will be compensating only the victims , even though every car was in violation . 
  gm also had to fix the ignition in every car . 
  gm is paying a $ 900m fine . 
  i was recently in ireland and drove a renault turbodiesel . 
  it was n't exactly fast , but it did get amazing mileage , had a huge range , and diesel was much cheaper than gas . 
  right now gas is around $ 2.50 a gallon here . 
  man , you were n't kidding baout deisels being dirty in europe : and then there 's another challenge for diesels -- stricter u.s. emission regulations . 
  the 50-state light-duty vehicle limit for emissions of nitrogen oxides is 0.07 grams per mile . 
  in western europe , the limit is 0.29 . 
  reducing nox to nitrogen and oxygen is much harder with a diesel engine because the exhaust is typically cooler and contains less oxygen compared to a gas engine . 
  to meet u.s. regulations , diesel engines are required to use complicated -- and expensive -- high-pressure fuel injection and after-treatment systems that in some cases inject an aqueous urea solution to handle the nox . 
  the added expense of course means an even longer payback period for the consumer . 
  mostly they market the better mileage . 
  check this out : http://auto.howstuffworks.com/fuel-efficiency/fuel-consumption/diesel-fuel-better-environment.htm http://news.berkeley.edu/2012/10/22/diesel-vs-gas-contributing-to-smog/ http://www.carsdirect.com/car-buying/diesel-fuel-vs-unleaded-gasoline-understand-the-pros-and-cons, 
  fraudulent inducement !!, 
  it 's true , we are full of pc people like donald trump . 
  true, 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  all i read on here is that if a german dares to say he is not in favor of tons of refugees , he is instantly crucified as a nazi by other germans . 
  you ca n't even have a proper debate because every is so scared of looking bad . 
  apparently most of the shares are held by the state of lower saxony , and the porsche family . 
  vw makes the majority of diesels that are sold here , so i doubt any other car companies are doing this . 
  also , our government abuses all the auto companies , gm just had to pay a ton of money for an ignition recall , and toyota had to pay over $ 1b for misleading the government . 
  you do bad shit , you get caught , you pay . 
  how did they piss us off ? 
  how is this playing out in germany ? 
  anyone care ? 
  have they cheated environmental rules in europe ? 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm not trying to minimize what you are saying , i was just shocked when this girl got all nervous for my safety . 
  but this was beyond hate speech , she was basically saying that they would assault me . 
  actually they usually send them to cities which are depopulating . 
  in the 90s tons of bosnians moved to st. louis , and somalians moved to lewiston , maine . 
  good . 
  i honestly do n't know how they thought they could get away with this . 
   and live from what ? 
  guilt . 
   this american sickness of everyone trying to censor everyone should n't be allowed to take further hold in europe . 
  the fact that this is coming from a german makes it twice as funny . 
  i studied there in the late 90 's , and even then , these guys were acting up . 
  i remember i was walking from one building to the student center with this bangladeshi girl , and when we got near she said `` you need to be careful , these guys would not approve of me walking with you . '', 
  would ? 
  you did . 
  unless everyone here is lying that you get called nazi for not wanting 8 million migrants a day moving in . 
  i would n't call many adults in europe mature . 
  more like scared children . 
  maybe they can learn from the danes . 
  so , europe bans plenty of speech too . 
  that 's a legacy of accepting restrictions on speech . 
  when they have their referendum . 
  the uk will be smart enough to leave this bad joke . 
  pathetic !!!, 
  save your anger for merkel . 
  yet no one thought o f that until now . 
  this whole thing is a joke . 
  in theory , yes , but it seems that in many places it is not acceptable to speak honestly . 
  wow , this is like finding a long lost brother . 
  yes , they handled the nazis the best . 
  it would have been stupid for them to go all out . 
  poland was the toughest with the nazis , they had no choice . 
  i hope you are right . 
  denmark has always been one of our best allies , and even on reddit , a dane has never been rude to me . 
  also , i 'm jewish , and was taught you guys were the best in wwii . 
  but since the swedes accepted the jews you saved , they probably are n't bad either . 
  danes are just more realistic today . 
  you have such lovely neighbors . 
  none of these people at all , i live in the us . 
  i mean i was in ireland recently and they are very tolerant . 
  but that is n't my ooint , on this sub people always say it is more pro eu and tolerant than europe at large because it is full of younger people who speak english . 
  do you disagree ? 
  you are like loyal , trustworthy , sane swedes . 
  except we have n't had a war with britain for over 200 years . 
  bigtime racist . 
  do you believe that ? 
  because this place has always been more pro-eu and tolerant than the people irl . 
  then speak up . 
  5 min walk to train , 30 min ride to grand central , 15 min subway ride , walk 2 min to work . 
  i do n't fuck , i 'm married . 
  ireland too . 
  long island is a pile of garbage that should be burnt down . 
  dark and stormy is the best new england cocktail . 
  you do n't need these bullies . 
  any relation to earl_grey_t_hot ? 
  just like most american jews eat pork . 
  i 'm sure there are subtle things i do n't pick up on , but i 'd never guess my friends were muslim if i saw them on the street . 
  the second amendment was designed to give the people the ultimate veto , but it still leaves a lot room for regulation . 
  and honestly , at this point it does n't matter if everyone in the country has fully auto everything . 
  the government has too much high tech shit . 
  but just the ability to fight back is enough , there is no way the country would tolerate a mass slaughter of americans . 
  the people can win by fighting and dying , and i do n't think it would take long . 
  it 's not a ridiculous argument , it 's just not right .
