  understood , which is which i retracted the use of the term `` boycott . '', 
  basically , we are in agreement . 
  i do n't really think that is applicable to a tourist situation . 
  no one legitimately expects , or is entitled to tourists choosing there particular location . 
  people have an virtually unlimited amount of options to choose from , and make choices for an unlimited amount of personal reasons . 
  how does some small town spanish shopkeeper know that i , in new york , chose to go to catalonia instead of his location , because i find bullfighting distasteful ? 
  he has no reasonable expectation of my business . 
  what if i said to my wife `` lets go to the south of spain '' and she says , `` no i want to go to denmark , the weather is much cooler . '', 
  has my wife just injured that spanish shopkeeper ? 
  as far as advocating to others that they not go to the south of spain because of bullfighting , yes , that could be injurious . 
  but simply choosing to go elsewhere is not . 
  yes , but i revised my question to say area/towns where the events are held , and dropped the boycott bit . 
  so if you find bullfighting offensive , chose to go to catalonia instead of the south of spain , i do n't think that is wrong . 
  that is a shame , even in new york the competitions draw crowds . 
  this week in the ny state fair http://www.nysfair.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/2013-livestock-schedule.pdf and of course there is bull riding at the rodeo , which many people here think is cruel . 
  i really do n't know much about it though . 
  obviously i have phrased my question very ineptly . 
  you are right , an organized boycott would harm people who have nothing to with it . 
  on the other hand , simply not going there is withholding a benefit , not inflicting a harm . 
  also , who is downvoting every comment on this post ? 
  why could n't the bulls evolve into show animals ? 
  in america , all kinds of animals are bred for competitions where they are judged on appearance . 
  americans are fascinated with the running of the bulls , i really do n't think that extends to the actual bullfight . 
  i 'm sure some visit out of morbid curiosity . 
  and yes , i dated a catalan girl who hated bullfighting , so i know it is n't everyone over there . 
  ineffective , yes , i would n't call it extreme though . 
  i 'd liken it to my wife not wanting to go an spend any money in texas , because of the draconian abortion laws they have enacted . 
  agreed , i revised my question . 
  you are right , boycotting an entire country is over the top . 
  i suppose i should have said spanish regions where it is popular , or towns that host these events . 
  i know catalonia has banned it . 
  why not both ? 
  `` the person who finally delivers the fatal blow is entitled to cut off the bulls testicles and parade them through the town impaled on the tip of his spear . 
  the city then awards him a gold medal and a commemorative forged iron spear . '', 
  holy shit . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is just not acceptable at all . 
  how does it affect european attitudes towards the spanish people ? 
  i probably should have phrased my question that way . 
  but i suppose not enough to boycott going to spain ? 
  edit : in retrospect , boycotting the entire country would not make sense , so i revise this to mean regions that it is popular , or towns that host bull torturing events . 
  agreed , i actually think it is probably the most barbaric spectacle that is considered acceptable in a western society . 
  i was just wondering if there was some type of `` that is their cultural heritage '' tolerance for it . 
  the 1918 flag is awesome . 
  ouch : also recently , local media reported that the country 's recruitment agencies are refusing to find jobs for french workers because swiss employers consider them to be `` lazy and arrogant . '', 
  illegal immigrants do all the sh * t work here for peanuts , i 'd guess that is why they do n't want legal low level immigrants coming over . 
  i 've been to the uk before , and i think you have the same definition of paranoid as we do . 
  i do n't see how we are being paranoid . 
  we hand out hb-1 visas like candy in order to keep wages down here . 
  this is why you always hear of people complaining of a brain drain to the us . 
  so there is that . 
  otherwise you just have to go through the pain of finding a job before you come here . 
  i 'm sure there are companies that find jobs for people . 
  one positive aspect of this is that we get dedicated people , who really want to be here . 
  no , we do n't want to have more strain on our system then is already caused by illegal immigration , and by native born americans if you are college educated and employable it can be done . 
  we also grant asylum to many people , more than any other country i believe . 
  but most countries are n't going to let people who are going to drain resources in , outside of some mutual pact . 
  i thought it was easy to move between commonwealth countries ? 
  the empire state building has 73 elevators ... 
  i visited benidorm from nyc in 1999 . 
  the locals told me it was just like manhattan . 
  i had to let them down softly . 
  oh , they were making no distinction between catalan and spanish , they were just telling her that diarrhea was coming out of her mouth . 
  i 'd say nyc beats it , however , you can go to so many other countries so quickly from london , that may give it the edge . 
  source : lived in london and nyc . 
  st. patricks day parade in nyc is a hell of a lot bigger , better and older than in dublin . 
  edit : downvoters , please explain . 
  i dated a catalan girl , french people told her that when the spanish speak , diarrhea comes from their mouths . 
  that was nice . 
  1st tier tourist bro-fist . 
  though i guess you kick our as a per capita basis . 
  is that what she used to delete comments in the middle of back and forths ? 
  so rude . 
  ding dong , the wicked witch is dead . 
  she deleted her account . 
  she actually just deleted her account . 
  sh must be watching , you and i were both downvoted immediately . 
  but yeah , she sidetracked so many discussions here , and apparently did worse in / r/scotland . 
  looks like the mods here deleted that whole post where she was whining . 
  who goes through months of comments and deletes them all ? 
  just delete your account . 
  speaking of which , / u/salvaxe deleted every post and comment he/she made !!, 
  so this topic may yet die out . 
  some people stopped being colonists on july 4 , 1776 . 
  since the queen elizabeth is the head of state for canada and australia , their status is up for debate i suppose . 
  the westboro baptist church has 40 members , it is not relevant to a critique of gay rights in the us . 
  i ` not sure what he is complaining about the uk for ( maybe there is something ) , but i know the us has been criticized for being buddy buddy with franco because he let us station nukes there . 
  light is , lite is not . 
  that is all i meant to convey , that she is a ridiculous person , and i generally am not . 
  however , i get the downvotes . 
  hmm , i wonder why . 
  fwiw i got my dislike of gibraltar from a lovely spanish girl i dated long ago . 
  these are all very reasonable comments . 
  but since this op was discussing banning , etc. , and i was replying to salvaxe about deleting comments , it is n't really what we are discussing . 
  salvaxe reported my comments for being `` racist '' ( i honestly did n't know they were reported ) , so the question is , i f i call salvaxe a colonist ( even if i am wrong ) , does it make me a racist ? 
  i have had some very good discussion on / r/europe , even with people that hate americans . 
  esc0lator ( i think that is his username ) generally does not like americans making a stink in here , he and i had a back and forth and it ended up being very productive . 
  he never threatened to report me , never called me racist , we just had a good conversation . 
  that is generally how it works with me . 
  but with salvaxe , not so much . 
  go look through he/she comment history and look for yourself .
