  and no redditors supported it , but a guy in denmark was arrested for blasphemy . 
  and of course this spanish law might be the worst in europe . 
  the restrictive implication alone is terrible , but the fact that it 's being used in a biased manner makes it even worse . 
  you did n't find midwesterners to be overly friendly ? 
  you are right , i looked at some verdicts on wiki , and they really defer to the national laws . 
  i 'm actually not too concerned with the porn aspect , more about offensive speech and hate speech . 
  i have a jewish background , and i do not support restrictions , it 's better for these morons to out themselves , and embarrass themselves . 
  it 's not like the kkk is this thriving organization because they have the right to be offensive . 
  i 've climbed mt. 
  whitney in cali ( 4421.0 m , tallest mtn in the continental us ) , and done a 2 week rafting trip of the grand canyon , etc. , and i 'll never run out of places to go . 
  going to a wedding in smokey mountain national park in april , psyched for that . 
  all the poor meeses !, 
  they do lots of moose hunting in maine , not too far from me , and occasionally there are moose near my house ( 1 hour north of nyc ) . 
  it 's funny , our political and social systems are so different , but we also have a lot of similarities with you over the rest of europe . 
  hunting is certainly more of a working class thing here , and people do it for food as much as the sport . 
  you guys also have lots of space , wood framed houses , and every classic american car gets sent to sweden or norway . 
  in general , it seems like the outdoors are more important to the people of sweden/norway/finland than most of europe . 
  of course , this is all just from the internet , and i could be totally wrong . 
  this law has a lot of public support ? 
  oh , i 'm sure greece is amazing , i know lots of people that have gone to the islands . 
  one day i 'll go . 
  i 'm also a mountain hiking guy . 
  we have lots of that here , come visit !, 
  ah , thanks , i meant the convention , but my brain was n't working . 
  welp , that freedom of expression clause is pretty useless . 
  i suppose it could stop a super harsh crackdown by a member country , but that is about it . 
  as far as euros liking speech restrictions , i usually hear that about hate speech , but i 'd be very surprised if there was much support in this instance . 
  most of us are quite attached to unrestricted speech , though i get nervous about the college kids right now . 
  i loved it myself , though i guess sandy beaches would have been nice . 
  is n't this a violation of eu rights ? 
  pathetic . 
   and why did they go there instead of chillin home . 
  you are n't married , are you ? 
  now i 'm happy :-), 
  the electoral system itself was not hacked . 
  you are missing the point of my comment . 
  the republicans have not managed to convince everyone that our system is great . 
  and today a number of republican states or joining in the medicaid expansion , including kansas , over the objection of the repub gov. 
  no one is buying what the r 's are selling , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  only been to croatia ; it was cheap and awesome . 
  is n't croatia cheaper ? 
   and yet in us republicans are convincing everyone how theirs is the best and how elsewhere they envy it . 
  if they had actually convinced everyone , do n't you think their bill would have passed ? 
  it had 17 % approval . 
  uk has crazy restrictions , lot of places do . 
  norge , sweden and finland have a decent gun culture due to hunting . 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  but in general , seems like the czechs are pretty hands off with most stuff . 
  as a person with a jewish background , it makes me happy to hear about this . 
  i 'm atheist , and the only religous thing i do is go to passover seder for the sake of my wife . 
  but , as my father taught me , some nazi skinhead is not going to care that i did n't have a bar mitzvah . 
  the fact that jews can not safely wear a kippah in so many places in europe is mindboggling and sad to me . 
  wow , that story made paris sound like nyc in 1984 , though without the thousands of drug war murders . 
  delivery people are known to carry cash , so they get robbed for that and the food . 
  but these are usually poor illegal immigrants that speak no english . 
  no one bothers the rich tourists that come here . 
  in nyc we have the same problem with east asian people being attacked by public housing residents and in other poor areas . 
  it 's usually food delivery people that get beat and robbed . 
  it 's horrible . 
  um yeah , this is sounding pretty great to me . 
  you can smoke in the street in nyc these days , and no one gives a fuck , though maybe it helps to be white . 
  i 'm in the ` burbs , no concealed carry for me . 
  i had to go to a class and take a test , get 4 letters of recommendation , give up all my medical records and have a background investigation . 
  been waiting 18 months for the interview , and then another 6 months to find out if i 've been approved . 
  can bring it to the range if i lock it in my trunk seperate from the ammo . 
  also applied for a sportsman permit so i can take it camping ; go where there are lots of black bears and coyotes . 
  i can buy 100 shotguns and rifles with no trouble , at least i have that going for me . 
  i doubt i would ever cc , but i would n't mind the option . 
  i also find it very interesting how pro-israel cz is , and there does n't seem to be much anti-semitism either . 
  i will def visit at some point . 
  as a person with internet access , i have seen how attractive czech females are . 
  ha , now that makes sense . 
  the finger lakes region of ny makes very good reislings and other alsatian/german/austrian varieties . 
  not much further south than clayton , but on much smaller lakes . 
  so helsinki gets more sun during the summer . 
  that can make up for low temps ? 
  i was talking about clayton , ny , not nyc . 
  here is the location : https://tools.wmflabs.org/geohack/geohack.php?pagename=clayton%2c_new_york&amp;params=44.1753_n_76.0711_w_type:city ( 5153 ) _ region : us-ny the weather for both : http://www.holiday-weather.com/clayton_new_york_us/averages/ http://www.holiday-weather.com/helsinki/averages/ very similar climates . 
  ah , you are right . 
  that 's it 's own thing though . 
  let me get this straight , czechia has legal drugs , guns , prostitution and cheap , yet very good beer ? 
  sounds like the best place in europe to me . 
   cuz the guards hate you , and if you laugh too much while inside you 'll get people asking `` how you feeling ? '' . 
  i 've gone to wineries on the ny side of the thousand islands , hope the finnish wine is better than that swill . 
  not sure grapes work in the cold . 
  czechia , the unsweden !, 
  yeah , those caddies are the ultimate boat . 
  the 225 in the electra is for inches length of the body , not cubic inches . 
  came with a 455 , which was no slouch . 
  i own a '71 lesabre 2dr , which is very slow with a 350 , but it 's still a floating sofa . 
  the handling is great , the rattles and build quality was awful . 
  my fiesta st handles better . 
  and what if a federal eu drops nato and has it 's own forces . 
  will ireland fully participate . 
  we have 2 senators per state for this very reason . 
  you are right about the olive oil , though most jarred olives here are spanish . 
  it is 100 % a failure of marketing , you guys have a lot of great food products . 
  yup , construction , not sure about farm stuff . 
  i 'm guessing your gramp 's tractor was a john deere . 
  cut them a break , they are new at the skyscraper biz .
