  no one lived on the continent . 
  all of us got along like a big , happy family , it was great . 
  anglophone masterrace . 
  that 's a good point , i had n't noticed it . 
  that dude fucked the goat , right ? 
  uk told their solders not wear their uniforms in public after that poor soldier was behaded . 
  i 'll be honest with you , you have no shot at catching us . 
  if you want to shoot a bunch of europeans , you 'll probably have to do it to tourists over here . 
  is no rock , only rape . 
  that 's a great question . 
  vermont has no gun control ( which hillary liked to point out all the time ) , and they have an no gun crime . 
  it 's safe as anywhere on earth . 
  and vermont is the most far left state in the country . 
  anyone over the age of 16 is constitutionally ( state constitution ) to carry a concealed weapon . 
  personally , i love vermont . 
  best beer in the world , nice people , `` socially democratic , and amazing scenery . 
  maine and new hampshire are similar , but more politically conservative . 
  new york , california , new jersey have the strictest gun laws . 
  unfortunately , tha gangstas are not good shots ( shooting sideways and whatnot ) , and innocent people get hit . 
  personally , i 'd support a public spectacle where tax money was used to rent nfl stadiums , and free guns and ammo for these guys to kill each other . 
  but it 's not like innocent people do n't get hurt too . 
  between you and milania , the slovenes are on fire tonight ( on fire , like freshly split logs in my fireplace ) . 
  age is n't the issue , it 's the context . 
  but you and an austrian fella say it would not be a big deal , so i guess it is n't . 
  i think that 's a healthy attitude towards alcohol . 
  in the late 90s when i was studying in london , i saw all these students drinking silver cans in class . 
  i was so excited until i found out that red bull was not a type of beer . 
  that being said , there was a pub in the student center , so i could go drink right before class . 
  i do n't think it should be a problem , but from my experience in the uk and us , it would not go over well . 
  what do you think would be the reaction to a student having a beer ? 
  well , you can get all the portuguese food you want in newark , nj , but i would n't live there either . 
  is there where you got your username ? 
  that 's one of the greatest things i 've ever heard . 
  i think there might be something to that . 
  from your username , it looks like you want to join us in the heat/freezing , and insanity . 
  if you waited until it was soft to pull out , ya dun goofed . 
  :-( i liked it , though i think murphy 's was the only place i saw it in 2 weeks in ireland . 
  i had a beamish there , is that the right stout ? 
  michael the barman gave me murphy 's pint coasters to take home . 
  the wife and i were tramping all over galway and were exhauted and needed a drink . 
  told her i 'm not going to any of the tourist crap , so we went into murphys . 
  we were the only non-locals there , and it was awesome . 
  they had to make sure we were ok and not annoying tourists before chatting , it was like we passed a test . 
  galway kicks ass . 
  shout out to murphy 's bar , awesome pub . 
  i was in the city , saw it in person , and everyone on the planet saw it live on tv . 
  but my brother and his friend were right there , that is why they were effected . 
  if just seeing it on tv did it , we 'd all be in bad shape . 
  you worked next door and saw/heard people splat right in front of your face ? 
  you must be a real tough guy . 
  yeah , i could not believe when i saw the `` homeless '' guy wash up , and get free food from a gorgeous woman . 
  he 's slick !, 
  thx dude . 
  little kids understand more than we think . 
  no , i do n't think he did realize it . 
  ugh , yeah , that hurt . 
  my brother and a close friend got very affected as adults from seeing people jump on 9/11 . 
  this is just a child who saw a dead body up close , it 's going to be really tough for him/her . 
  i know internet comments do n't mean shit , but i 'm really sorry french bros. 
  this sucks . 
  yes , it is done regularly in israel too . 
  the fact that this took place on bastille day makes it that much worse . 
  i can imagine just regular people out celebrating , and this happening . 
  it just sucks so bad . 
  that is more of a mental health issue , those people insist on sleeping in the street . 
  i have a friend who grew up in an middle class home who developed schizophrenia . 
  he posts insane scribbling on fb all the time , and all his family and friends beg him to move in with them . 
  he insists on living in the san francisco streets . 
  also , in nyc we have a lot of fake homeless who get all filthy and beg , and then go home . 
  one of these guys begs in front of the deli i go to . 
  they let him wash up after begging in the back , and he met his hot gf who brought him some nice food . 
  still plenty of real homeless too , in places like salt lake city , they have eradicated it though . 
  burning the skin off of one hand every day builds character . 
  are you young op ? 
  i see young people doing this , but after age 25 , no one really splits it more than in half . 
  civil disobedience with an insult march is the way to go . 
  almost all jobs only do direct deposit , think of all the savings in postage and paper . 
  does n't germany have tested lowest credit card / debit card acceptance in terms western world ? 
  and that 's for multiple transactions a day . 
  you guys were a republic for over 200 years ... bring it back . 
  spain and italy are quite weakbfor such large nations . 
  so much entertainment . 
  thx theresa !, 
  thx for answering my questions . 
  i wonder if he punches people and calls them racial slurs for not bringing him dinner as well . 
  very interesting , thx . 
  i thought those `` no irish need apply '' signs were an urban myth . 
  in the '60s there was still anti-catholic sentiment , and that did not just apply to the irish . 
  ayyy, 
  it is definitely messy , and being a married guy who does n't get the bedroom to himself much , it 's a very infrequent thing . 
  90 % of the time it 's dry . 
  very interesting . 
  does the owner or the other participant usually roll it back ? 
  is it a matter of preference ? 
  can it be painful if your partner does it too quick ? 
  maybe it 's cultural . 
  i wonder if uncut american men use lube . 
  no lube even if you want an long session ? 
  30 + min ? 
  true .
