  that 's insane, 
  the electoral college stops a lot of people from voting here . 
  if your state votes for the same party every time , you vote really does n't matter . 
  it 's a shitty and anachronistic system . 
  i 've read on this sub that if you do not call a phd holder `` doctor '' in germany , the good doctor will sternly abuse you for failing to use their honorific . 
  not thanking a barmaid kind of fits in line with that . 
  some are aware that you are now a joint protectorate administrated by apple and google . 
  it 's sad . 
  brits did 1812, 
  puhleeze , those were brits . 
  anyway , you just reminded me that until 1982 , the canadian constitution was only an act of the uk parliament . 
  so there is that to make fun of . 
  thx . 
  i like poopypants mcdoodybutt . 
  either your flair is wrong , or you are a traitor . 
  i have nothing else to make fun of canadians with , and you are taking that away from me . 
  that 's a very serious cat . 
  not true , canadians are loyal subjects of her majesty . 
  if you are buying a long gun , no test at all . 
  do other people sound not confident ? 
  that works , sure . 
  it 's a british approximation of what an `` american ipa '' is . 
  do you use citrusy na hops ? 
  they do n't travel well . 
  ha , that 's pretty shitty . 
  forever ago i would occasionally go to the o'neills in angel , and there was usually a nice fracas at closing time . 
  i remember some drunk calling a female bobby a bitch and gettign violent , and then pepper spray . 
  fun !, 
  o7 thank you for your service comrade . 
  american ipa is the the style . 
  actually , that kind of illustrates the difference you sometimes see between american and euro food nomenclature . 
  swiss cheese is a style of cheese here , nothing to do with switzerland for example . 
  it does look like they used american hops , so that 's nice . 
  how does wetherspoons compare to o'neill 's ? 
  13 guns is english . 
  sad but true, 
  some people just want to provoke or be offended . 
  almost every country that has had the opportunity for imperialism has pursued it , it 's not uniquely american . 
  ireland never had the opportunity , and a very small ( but loud minority ) thinks that makes them superior . 
  and now i feel bad . 
  i know , i was just being an asshole and making a tasteless joke . 
  potato england maple syrup england high fructose corn syrup england [ aka freedom england ] prison england platypus enlgand, 
  i 'm just glad your national health insurance covers the waambulance , you 'd be dead broke otherwise . 
  this will never happen , there is no `` official '' version of english , and it 's a completely foreign concept to english speakers . 
  the language evolves , you ca n't regulate it . 
  mumbling is an integral part of southern england english though . 
  very sane . 
  german household chemicals shop ? 
  is that what they call the souvenir stand at auschwitz ? 
  bad news , that corn is sourced from german sewers . 
  prepared to get freedomized , albania . 
  you are correct , it is extremely rude to discuss salaries/income . 
  for some reason , euros seem to think we talk about this to each other ,, 
  that 's sad . 
  it is still very , very rude to discuss actual salaries . 
  maybe not how much you sold your startup in silicon valley or something . 
  is it a no no to look up someone you are dating ? 
  so $ 100k is the 1 % ? 
  it 's all about equality now . 
  and that is just so fucked up . 
  i thought scandinavia was all about egalitarianism ? 
  wolves are cool . 
  thx . 
  she is pretty cool otherwise too . 
  even weed ? 
  lithuanian mormons ? 
  they do n't get too much sun up there ,, 
  yeah , my wife makes more than twice as much as me :-d, 
  seems insane to me , but if i was a single finnish dude , i suppose it would be a good way to find a rich wife . 
  what is the standard ir is judged on ? 
  what the quote means to a neutral observer ? 
  how do you prove that someone did n't mean what they said they mean ? 
  or open in incognito . 
  uh , we 'd just pay it . 
  it 's not like someone is going to cancel a trip over it . 
  i saw that when i was 5 , and i 've never been able to trust an adult . 
  :-( i hope this is n't really a thing anymore ... 
  as of this year , gay parents can adopt in all 50 states . 
  of course mississippi was the last one . 
  of course , but not all of us talk that way . 
  in fact , most of us are just depressed and ca n't stand either of them . 
  procreation and marriage are , not positive about adoption . 
  we use the term `` fundamental right , '' for example abortion is legal because control over ones own body is a fundamental right . 
  wait , what ? 
  i say , what an edgy fellow !, 
  in the us , it is a basic human right ( according to the supreme court ) . 
  is that not the case for any european country ? 
  you should spend some time in / r/unitedkingdom if you want to see bitter partisanship . 
  maybe it 's an anglosphere thing ... 
  i went to a wedding in ireland last year at a `` castle '' from the mid 1800s . 
  it was a ruin like this , and beautifully restored . 
  things like this can be worth saving . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i 've never noticed them done poorly , though it tends to be only feature films that i watch . 
  with a decent budget and all that . 
  thank you . 
  i was asking if states have the right to do it on there oen , or is it subject to the federal constitution . 
  is it a federal , or state issue ? 
  is it possible for it to be a patchwork like it was here before the supreme court made it national ? 
  yeah , but for me , not having the speech match up with the mouths of the actors takes me out of the whole thing .
