  could have been rome , ny . 
  we also have syracuse . 
  does n't the church of england automatically get seats as well ? 
  by the age of 3 ??? 
  a massive proportion of humans on earth are not critical thinkers , nothing is ever going to change that . 
  all the tech is going to be super exciting . 
  the scarier part will be the disruption to society . 
  if most low slilled jobs are gone , a very large percentage of people can not provide value in the form of labor . 
  they will be less valuable as consumers as well . 
  there will be basic income and all that , but the transition from today until then is going to be extremely unpredictable . 
  wait until the robots learn to program robots . 
  yup , i 'm sure that 's how it will go over the next few years . 
  longer term , who knows what will happen with manufacturing . 
  with 3d printing , automation , etc. , i think finished products will be manufactured closer to the customer . 
  it 's going to be very disruptive . 
  yeah , i guess that 's unfair since it 's illegal to report on conditions in the camp . 
  might be a 5 star resort . 
  ha , yeah . 
  i was just thinking there is n't going to be jobs coming out of it . 
  of course that 's going to end up happening everywhere . 
  would germans overcome their pacifist leanings because of an attack on france ? 
  it 's not that other europeans do n't feel for each other , the question is what they would do for each other . 
  no , if both get protectionist . 
  interesting blurb from the article about china becoming germany 's biggest trading partner . 
   this means that britain and the u.s. together accounted for roughly 40 percent of germany 's record trade surplus of 252.9 billion euros in 2016 . 
   this means that britain and the u.s. together accounted for roughly 40 percent of germany 's record trade surplus of 252.9 billion euros in 2016 . 
  could make for interesting things in the next couple of years . 
  meh , it was embarrassing how trump acted , at the same time it is insane for any country on earth to agree to take refugees from a concentration camp run by a western nation . 
  i do n't blame him for being annoyed about it . 
  that sounds complicated ... we tend to have rules about where alcohol can be served which depend if food is served too . 
  dumb , just let everyone drink 24/7 . 
  bwap, 
  we have the same stupidity in nyc . 
  i know things have changed in the uk , but back when closing time was 11pm everywhere , a brawl would inevitably break out after everyone chugged in a panic . 
  i never could figure out how that was supposed to improve public safety . 
   snickers no thanks , i 'm not hungry . 
  are operating hours at bars regulated as well ? 
  weird bruh . 
  oooh , this is great for me . 
   ca n't buy cold beer :-(, 
  does it violate eu law ? 
  uh , it was used this time . 
  that 's enough . 
  probably not , but texans have to comply with the us constitution as interpreted by the supreme court , so it really does n't matter how liberal they are . 
  ok , that 's your call , no problem . 
  but this story is about the swedish government investigating the incident , not the incident itself . 
  that 's why i thought it was a different story than the prior post . 
  i did check the recent submissions and did n't see anything ... 
  sub to / r/itookapicture , good shot, 
  so make penalties for joining/aiding terrorists much harsher . 
  your comment was shorter when i replied , there was n't much to reply to . 
  no , it does n't hurt my feelings , it 's just a dumb comment . 
  if people are interested , they upvote , if not , the post goes nowhere . 
  who posts it does n't really matter . 
  he does have a dictator mindset , but i do have faith in our courts to protect people 's rights . 
  i 'm hoping this clown leads congress to reign in all the power it has delegated to to the executive . 
  grow up . 
  but i only did mention gay marriage . 
  only the supreme court or a constitutional amendment can do away with gay marriage now . 
  no worries were caused !, 
  crosses are n't on the wall in public schools in texas , and gay marriage is legal . 
  i think that saying is outdated . 
  we can be quite different , but we identify enough that an attack on any if us is an attack on all of us . 
  it 's fine . 
  legalize and tax it !, 
  lol . 
  have you ever heard of mao ? 
  do n't these enclaves have the same status as other spanish communities ? 
  what 's the domestic reaction to these incursions ? 
  i think i read that the enclaves had the same status as on the mainland of spain , however , even the various communities of spain have different rights , so it 's probably quite complicated . 
  [ at least one person disagrees with you about guam ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/hank-johnson-worries-guam-could-capsize-after-marine-buildup/ ), 
  we will smash the quebec cartel , you just wait . 
  you realize that miss. 
  was not a good example because it is part of the contiguous united states ? 
  also , i 'm not sure how part of the us can be 4000km away from itself . 
  i know spain wants to keep these enclaves as of now , but if it became untenable/undesirable for spain to continue ruling these enclaves , you are saying they should remain as part of spain on the basis of self-determination ? 
  if the worst case migration scenario comes to pass due to climate change in the future , it could be an issue . 
  hawaii would have been a better comparison . 
  are these enclaves of any actual use to spain ? 
  genius !, 
  i hear there is a job opening for a half brother . 
  dagestan is of rightful russian clay ? 
  both those places will enforce an american judgement . 
  on the bright side , many in the baltics already speak russian , so at least you 'll have an easy time readjusting . 
  will be tougher for the poles . 
  teach me not to care about my student laons . 
  thx, 
  huh ? 
  give me another 20 minutes . 
  sorry , i 'd hire a greek for that . 
  just curious , why would you decide your next car will be german ? 
  you could make a lot of money counseling traumatized americans on how to deal with trump . 
  oh , maybe you were making a joke and i missed it . 
  let me get this straight , you are comparing a massive corporation ( 20 % owned by lower saxony ) that caused serious harm to ( mostly european ) humans through particulates for profit , to a few red neck criminals ? 
  again , this is why i will never stop making vw comments in this sub . 
  thank you !, 
  who am i defending ? 
  you know that is illegal , right ? 
  as in a federal crime . 
  basically exactly what vw did , but it 's a few rednecks instead one of the largest corporations in the world .
