  that is a great point . 
  yeah , i know , the us and uk are signatories too . 
  it is just a crazy `` accident '' of history . 
  it appears that kruschev gave it for minor political reasons , there are several theories about why he did it ( to prove his power , to impose some liability on the ukrainian government , etc , etc. ) . 
  obviously the present situation could not have been foreseen in 1954 , but it was such an unusual act to give a piece of land from one republic to another republic in the same union/nation . 
  it would be like obama cutting of piece of illinois and giving it to indiana . 
  do you have any insight on why this occurred ? 
  i want the fuck out of nato , it is a waste . 
  hmm , i thought that was only if you took territory by force . 
  i 'm sure there is precedent on the `` gifting '' of land somewhere . 
  yeah , i remember the thousands of martyrs mowed down at occupy wall street . 
  the cops were assholes and pepper sprayed people , but no shooting . 
  come on . 
  are you kidding ? 
  we still have tons of empty space . 
  it was this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manifest_destiny, 
  was a present from kruschev , they want it back . 
  the germans desperately wanted the uk to stay out of the war , but once the reports of collective punishment of belgian civilians came out , there was no chance . 
  you sir , are a tactful fellow . 
  maybe you can teach a `` manners for redditors '' class . 
  i lived in the uk for a bit , you guys were not smelly at all . 
  the spanish on the otherhand ... and some italians ... 
  you are among the most consistently fair and reasonable redditors in this sub . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't believe in reddit gold though . 
  he will crush you . 
  quite sad . 
  uh , or we just use our own system . 
  sorta like imperial/metric . 
  it is n't `` fixing '' anything . 
   defiantly you mad rascal you . 
  there were no kamikaze at pearl harbor , must be a joke or something . 
  i read that before , but was not sure how biased it would be with what is going on now ... 
  but it sounds like you are aware of who is who . 
  thanks . 
  perhaps they have units that do that . 
  i just did see a video of a guy with a high powered rifle with a large scope . 
  he was out in the open . 
  it is a complicated situation , but it was my impression that the berkut were a militia used primarily for crowd control , etc. 
  i 'm just going off the brief videos i have seen . 
  this whole situation is so terrible . 
  it could have many unforeseen outcomes . 
  these are riot police , not highly trained military snipers , nor even swat . 
  i mean do you see them ? 
  they are just up on a roof with an ak-74 , not like they are concealed and using scopes and spotters . 
  he must be so conflicted ... 
  it was n't my intent to make you feel stupid . 
  when one has american flair in / r/europe , one must proceed with strong arguments , lest he drown in downvotes !, 
  first of all , your statement that we have dragged france and the uk into all our recent wars in false , as france did not have any part in iraq . 
  france and england led the charge to get involved in libya , and then of course , we ended up doing most of the `` work '' due to their limited military capabilities . 
  france and the uk nearly dragged us into war with syria , when thankfully the uk parliament told cameron no , and that was the end of that . 
  you have also totally misconstrued my comment , i did not say that france and uk want any war in the in the ukraine . 
  i simply said that any europeans who are agitating for military involvement ought to be urging the preeminent military powers of europe , france and uk . 
  however , i think it is just a tiny minority who are making such calls . 
  seriously , unless moscow is surrounded , nukes are n't even a thought !, 
  these europeans should be asking uk and france to intervene , no ? 
  we 've had enough wars for now . 
  you honestly think it is within the realm of the most unlikely things ever to happen , that canada should look away from the us and europe ? 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  the canadian people themselves would mock the authoritarian visitors . 
  it is of no concern . 
  do n't you know i 'm loco ? 
  make it pay per view , and pay off some piigs debt !, 
  everyone wins !, 
  he can make chocolate like you , but you can not make beer like him . 
  step 1 : decapitate all monarchs . 
  `` you ess eee '', 
  i watched a show on the production of it , it looked terrible !!, 
  i do n't like any fish besides as sushi ( i know , i 'm a weirdo ) , so i 'm pretty sure i would die . 
  will drink aquavit though !, 
  i want to visit remote areas of the north . 
  midnight sun , aurora borealis and all that good stuff . 
  i 'm glad the ` murican-norges are nice !, 
  all this stuff is heritage stuff is kind of foreign ( pun ? ), 
  to me . 
  most of my family came to the us in the mid-late 1800s . 
  they were from all over , austria , prussia , poland , russia , sicily , romania , and i have no connection to any of it . 
  most of my ancestors were jewish ( besides the sicilians ) , and i just assume they were all killed in the holocaust . 
  i 'm sure i can find where my family is from in sicily easily , but i 'm not inclined to . 
  i 'm proud of being a 5th generation nyc ` er ( well really brooklynite ) , so i guess that is my heritage . 
  the context that was totally missing from this thread would be the political significance of `` heritage '' in the us ( ans i assume canada ) . 
  my father ran for election in a fairly high state position , and i went to campaign with him . 
  so we went to every ethnic group association you could think of . 
  and the leaders of these groups drill heritage into these people 's heads to keep them in their local society . 
  then the leaders get a lot of political power by the appearance of being able to deliver many votes . 
  this was 20 years ago , and i think the importance of `` white '' ethnic associations have died down a bit , but for `` minorities '' they are still very important . 
  anyway , i plan to visit scandinavia soon , and would love to learn about the heritage , but i will mostly be interested in the outdoors . 
  :-) no lutefisk for me !, 
  ha , i probably should have read that article more closely , norwegian church and all that . 
  as far as nordic folks in the us being conservative , not really . 
  they vote `` liberal '' in the american sense , and obama easily carried the midwestern states they are predominant in . 
  i know that is n't the same as your system , but they are n't republican , bush lovers . 
  i do n't think they take their heritage much more seriously than food and religion ; unless they are going to norway and claiming to be norwegian , and you guys do n't complain about it on reddit . 
  i 'm proud the new mayor of nyc is n't marching in the st. patrick 's parade because of the gay bit . 
  i 've met acadians , very nice , but everyone in maine is nice , so you can ; t tell , besides the fact that they were bilingual . 
  all i know about cajuns is from what i see on tv ... 
  yes , these are important contributions !, 
  what about assimilated american citizen turks ? 
  any thoughts on them ? 
  my thoughts are that they brought some of the best food in the world here !, 
  how much would it cost to get you to come to the us , and explain to new jersey , and staten island and long island `` guidos '' that what they are doing has nothing to do with italy ?
