  the argument was that some euro redditors cried when vw got fined , just like some american redditors are crying about google . 
  and then like clockwork , a euro redditor made a comment about the trump admin , which was n't even in existence when the vw affair happened , more or less proving my point . 
  thank you !, 
  yup , as long as everyone gets the same moniker it works . 
  i 'd also be in favor of the term civil union for everyone , because when it comes down to it , it 's just about official recognition of the relationship . 
  i do n't have much knowledge on that legal concept , besides what i 've learned from hate speech law debates here . 
  i assume that since gay people had rights under the civil union provisions , that they were not considered in danger of being denied their human dignity ? 
  lol , there it is . 
  literally what i 'm talikng about . 
  thanks for the confirmation !, 
  ps - we still have much stricter particulate regulation than europe . 
  enjoy the smog . 
  it 's hard for americans to get too excited about this google case , so that does n't apply here . 
  and i know a lot of people were happy vw got caught , but on reddit it was all `` the us ca n't compete with our cars so they are fining vw . '', 
  when it first broke , tons of redditors literally did n't believe that the us had stricter particulate regulations . 
  anyway , point is that on reddit , people get defensive about indefensible things when it 's another country accusing them . 
  and there are criminal charges proceeding against some of those responsible at vw . 
   comments like these make me wish i had a firmer grasp of the law . 
  i 'm a lawyer :-d heres a pdf from the german law journal that has some info on it starting at page 11 : https://static1.squarespace.com/static/56330ad3e4b0733dcc0c8495/t/56b726a13c44d81bd1aaf77b/1454843556459/glj_vol_11_no_01.pdf i do n't claim to know german law well , so i do n't want to attempt an eli5 . 
  exactly right , though i try to limit comparisons to us law , since understandably , some find it annoying . 
  i also wonder if their is any application of the `` human dignity '' principle of the basic law with regard to this . 
  everyone is saying `` gay marriage '' now because it 's an issue in the news , and it 's just shorthand right now . 
  it was exactly the same here , but after scotus ruled , it became shorthand to just say `` marriage , '' or `` george and his husband , '' etc. 
  and that 's why the name is so important , if i can say `` george and his husband '' instead of `` george and his civil union partner '' i 'm basically endorsing the spirit of equality with language . 
  that 's exactly why names and language matter . 
  this has a a little bit on that : http://www.australianmarriageequality.org/faqs/12-civil-unions-are-not-enough/, 
  the main issue is that people have the same rights , and obviously it 's better to have civil unions with equal rights than nothing . 
  but i do n't understand how you can say that it 's equal . 
  even just a name is societies endorsement of a distinction between the status of a hetero couple and a gay couple . 
  when it comes to the law , names matter , as they are an expression of policy and the people . 
  the right being deprived here is the right of equality before the law and in the eyes of society . 
  maybe you will find this helpful http://www.australianmarriageequality.org/faqs/12-civil-unions-are-not-enough/, 
  well , i have n't seen the draft of the legislation to be voted on in germany , but here there is only `` marriage . '', 
  it 's the same exact thing for all couples . 
  and seeing the responses of eu redditors on the vw fines , it 's no wonder that paris and milan are covered in smog every winter and thousands of europeans are dying from particulates every year . 
  it 's almost like many humans are irrationally defensive when their own tribe is attacked . 
  hmm , reminds me of arguments in the '50s here about how if black people and white people both have their own water fountains , it 's not a big deal because everyone gets water . 
   i do n't see how dignity is taken away when the same rights are given . 
  substance is what matters . 
  same rights are the most important thing , and of course civil union is better than nothing , but it 's still not equality . 
  if you do n't call it marriage you are basically saying that society does not look at you as equals , you are less than others . 
  that 's a terrible statement . 
  firstly , it was not identical in germany . 
  secondly , it 's taking away the dignity of equality . 
  in literally every thread i 've seen people say gay marriage is not a big deal bc there were civil unions . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  give me a break . 
  i would n't buy it , but it 's not a beer for homeless people . 
  help this special fella, 
  i 'll take someone in the middle . 
  it really does n't seem to be an issue in the us . 
  the only people that really actually segregate themselves here are ultra orthodox jews and maybe some amish/mennonites . 
  people in mainstream society live all mixed up by religion , and are much more stratified by race and economic status . 
  income inequality and race are the big threats here , not religion . 
  here , the various religious communities more or less band together for the promotion of religion in general , not a specific religion . 
  and honestly , we really do have enough empty room in this country for the real wackadoos to hide out . 
  now , we might have this more or less stable religious situation since the vast majority of religious people and non-religious here have a similar conception of reality . 
  as we can see in europe , the attitudes of many muslims ( especially regarding the role of women ) is very different from the `` mainstream , '' and it 's causing a lot of problems . 
  i do n't know that it would be any different here , though i do think that things state religions are not helpful for making these people feel a part of society . 
  additionally , taking in millions of migrants from the heart of the me is not going to help the situation . 
  the important thing about french/american secularism is the strict separation of church and state . 
  i do n't care what people do on their own time , and if there are people who want to separate from society , i could care less if they do so , as long as they do not hurt anyone else . 
  that might be more of an issue in france than the us . 
  while i 'd be very happy if there was no religion in the world , it 's not my place to tell people not to practice , but it is the government 's place to keep these people from interfering with my life . 
  also , people without a christian background ( such as myself ) would feel alienated by a religious head of state , declaring my religion to tax authorities , religious symbols in school , etc. 
  that being said , when i visited tennessee for the first time and saw crucifixes all over private property , it did n't bother me , since these people are entitled to such displays by the first amendment . 
  do n't you think part of the reason it was half ass was because the guy was a pacifist ? 
  it 's like trump putting a climate denier in charge of the epa . 
  yeah , it 's not bum beer . 
  takes less tech to pollute . 
  was going to say , 1664 is n't horrible . 
  correct . 
  the article does n't give much detail on how/when they are being killed . 
   the responsible dutch minister of defence , under a labour government , was a well known peace activist that did n't believe in war and had refused to serve in the army when there still was conscription . 
  how does that person become the mod ???? 
  it is legal to kill enemy combatants in a war zone . 
  no trial necessary . 
  the guy i responded to is british , i 'm just talking about brits . 
  well , you guys are racists to white people ( especially poles ) , while most other racists just hate brown people . 
  you win again . 
  in english , `` nationalist '' would be a better term for these people . 
  i have fun with this topic all the time , especially with brits and germans . 
  even though the uk has a state religion with the queen as it 's head , and religion is taught in public schools , and germany has christian political parties , collects taxes for churches and bavarian schools have crucifixes , these countries are atheist heaven . 
  it 's sad that now i wo n't get to hear that no gay marriage in germany does n't matter , because a civil union is just as good . 
  / u/svorky deleted his reply to me about religion class in germany being about all religions , i 'll paste my reply since i already typed it : i never said that religion is taught in german public schools , i said it about the uk . 
   religious education in england is mandated by the education act 1944 as amended by the education reform act 1988 and the school standards and framework act 1998 . 
  the provision of religious education is compulsory in all state-funded schools , but it is not compulsory for any of the children to take the subject . 
  the subject consists of the study of different religions , religious leaders , and other religious and moral themes . 
  however , the curriculum is required to reflect the predominant place of christianity in religious life and hence christianity forms the majority of the content of the subject . 
  all parents have the right to withdraw a child from religious education , which schools must approve . 
  [ 1 ]  additionally , all schools are required by law to provide a daily act of collective worship , of which at least 51 % must be christian in basis over the course of the academic year . 
  [ 2 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_education_in_primary_and_secondary_education#england what i 'm saying is that religious institutions still have a fair bit of inclusion in official life in some places in europe , whether or not the people themselves are religious . 
  and if that is the case , you are not living in the atheist utopia that redditors like to portray . 
  yeah , i know , thanks . 
  you 'd normally see a comment saying what the commenter finds offensive , not just `` their actions . '', 
  i.e. , that is indicative of not reading the article . 
  the negotiations happen before the amount of the fine is announced . 
  for example , with db , the fine could have been much higher , but the justice dept worked with db to come up with a number that would not put them out of business . 
  the most common example would be a company that quickly admits to wrongdoing instead of dragging it out for years will get a lower fine . 
  it 's like plea bargaining .
