  i also believe there were quite a few other instances of the weapons being used improperly than in saudi arabia . 
  there have also been cases of german companies bending the rules with regard to dual use technologies . 
  i admire the pacifism of most germans , and believe they could easily be trusted to have a larger military , and to be a very responsible power in europe . 
  besides some military hospitals and perhaps some depots , i would love to see the us remove almost all of its troops from europe . 
  i also fail to see what the purpose of nato is any longer . 
  even if germany did not wish to change its military at all , i still see no reason for american troops to be stationed in europe in such numbers . 
  do n't get mad ( i have not a drop of irish blood , and never told anyone i was irish !!, 
  ) , but when i was in ireland , i felt very much at home , and felt that your social conventions have similarities to ours . 
  this was really driven home to me after living in london for 3 months , and visiting ireland with 2 buddies . 
  we got in the cab , and sat silently like were trained to do in the uk . 
  the cab driver started asking us where we were from , what we were going , cracking jokes ( he was hilarious ) . 
  so we were told him he was much friendlier than the english were used to , and we spent the next 20 min making fun of the english . 
  a great time was had by all . 
  wittiest remark i 've seen on reddit in my two years of redditing . 
  dude , it does n't happen !, 
  anywhere in the us !, 
  i mean they put chili on it in cincinnati , but not ketchup . 
  it is not a thing !, 
  dude , no . 
  i promise you . 
  the business of the us is war , no doubt , however , i think you are being a bit naive to the extent that germany makes money from the arms industry . 
  i know you do not participate in the wars , but being the third largest arms supplier in the world has to count for something , it certainly generates a lot of profit . 
  do you remember / u/salvaxe , the gibraltarian female who used to cause much trouble ( especially in / r/scotland ) and she deleted her account ? 
  / u/llanita 's account is only 4 months old , and appears to be a toned down salvaxe ... 
  i wonder ... 
   the turkish are notoriously hospitable to strangers , this is why they are n't allowed in the eu . 
  haha , bc british food sucks . 
  ( did i get that right ? ), 
   i always thought it was an american thing . 
  huh ? 
   do you put in the bin the pee and poo paper ? 
  this is great . 
  damned zionist media . 
  i think in regions of the us where water shortages are a concern , they have these toilets . 
  there is a limit of water they can use per flush , by law . 
  or you can just be like my aunt in san francisco , `` if it 's brown , flush it down , if it 's yellow , it 's mellow . '', 
  what if you ate a sponge for lunch ? 
  and do n't forget the optional poopshelf . 
  this would have helped the greeks . 
  oh , so it 's sheep shit ? 
  hope you do n't mind this off topic and late comment , but when i saw this story , i thought of the `` angry spaniard . '', 
  did i say that ? 
  i just mentioned why there can be less commercial stoppages . 
  has nothing to so with why people watch . 
  soon as i saw that , i signed up . 
  i 'm officially converted now !, 
  yes , but your uniforms have the ads right on them . 
  no need to stop the game , you are looking at the ad the whole time . 
  d'aww . 
  why would anyone waste time invading ireland ? 
  so kind of like the uk ? 
  she should move to the uk , they do n't mind that . 
  amazing . 
  that question was ridiculously disrespectful , i could n't believe it . 
  you are getting worked up over a word . 
  in this context naive means all those things , stupid , ignorant , gullible . 
  the fact that everyone else left the country and/or got a lawyer exemplifies her naivete . 
  just look at my response , i said i believed the latter statement , that she is dumb . 
   either she is guilty , or she is the dumbest murder suspect ever . 
  i honestly believe the latter , she is beyond naive . 
  i 'd hardly limit that state to americans , or that sub . 
  a lot of redditors and a lot of subs are circlejerks . 
  understood . 
  i 'm an american lawyer , and i really want to learn about the civil law , but i never seem to find the time ( probably b/c i am wasting time here ) . 
  sorry , next time i 'll put a '' / s '' so you wo n't be upset . 
  your theory that she was acting like a cornered animal would certainly give credence to why she did that . 
  it was also most likely the result of harsh interrogation tactics , i recall something about being told she had aids to get her to make a list of people she slept with , so on and so forth . 
  i am not making the case that this is specific to the italian justice system , false staements and confessions under interrogation happen everywhere . 
  here is a terrible example from nyc : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_park_jogger_case#arrests.2c_interrogations_and_confessions watch this if you get a chance : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2380247/, 
  she was very naive , unlike the other students who got out of town asap . 
  that leads me to believe that she was so naive that she saw no problem with acting like that in the police station . 
  you would be surprised how often kids like this make false confessions . 
  there have been so many of them , that in most ( edit ) us states , confessions and questioning must be videotaped . 
  and she really believed that `` if you are innocent , everything will be ok . '' i think people in general are taught to trust the police and the government , but that is quite silly . 
  my father was a judge and always told me never to let a cop search the car ( they plant drugs ) , and if you have any dealing with them , just remain silent . 
  a family friend was a prosecutor , he said the cops lie under oath all the time . 
   so change them did you miss this part ? 
   there has been a change in thought about this lately ( far too late of course ) , colorado and washington legalizing weed is evidence of that . 
  if it was up to me , weed would be legal everywhere today , but the police unions and prison guard unions are very powerful and lobby against that . 
  new york state has massively reduced the amount of prisoners it has , and in those rural towns where the prison is the only source of jobs , they freak out . 
  the tide is turning however , but it is going to take a long time . 
  private prisons are awful , and we should not have any . 
  just trying to understand what you are saying ; are you saying the common law system is bad ? 
  i 'm not sure where you are getting that info . 
  every state has a different sol , and the fedgov has yet another . 
  some states have done this for molestation by clergy . 
  actually it is the drug laws that causes all the problems . 
  it is a jobs program for police and prison guards . 
  it also affects minorities much wore than whites . 
  there has been a change in thought about this lately ( far too late of course ) , colorado and washington legalizing weed is evidence of that . 
  the president has also ordered the justice department to go through the files of nonviolent drug offenders , and pardon them . 
  hell , in texas , gov. 
  perry is decriminalizing possession small amounts of weed . 
  hopefully the prison-industrial complex has peaked , and will no recede . 
  oh , so you post a harmless sarcastic comment , and i reply with a sarcastic comment , and i am the bad guy , got it . 
  wow , that looks fascinating . 
  will check it out . 
  thx . 
  i do n't think americans hate italy , they just do not hold their legal system in high regard , as most italians do n't either . 
  so its all over the news , and that is why we are talking about it , but no one watches the news and no one cares .
