  i do n't think a lot of people know here either . 
  i think it 's pretty cool that it 's not such a big deal . 
  til . 
  thanks for the info . 
  and the other half moved to israel . 
  eh , i 'm just being an annoying nitpicker and saying that the nyt would not get in trouble for printing classified documents . 
  language from the us supreme court :  only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government . 
  and paramount among the responsibilities of a free press is the duty to prevent any part of the government from deceiving the people and sending them off to distant lands to die of foreign fevers and foreign shot and shell . 
  however , the person ( daniel ellsburg ) who gave them the papers was charged with violating the espionage act . 
  i think poland has the right to make it 's own laws , and have its own approach . 
  i was at a wedding this summer in ireland ( but full of uk peeps ) , so i asked them about the eu . 
  95 % had no idea what it did for them , 1 said environmental regulation and another said the ehcr . 
  he thought that speech would be further restricted without it . 
  actually one of the better reasons i 've heard for staying in . 
  you are right , that was a bad example . 
  a better example is the pentagon papers , which were secret docs published by the nyt . 
  the nyt published all the wikileaks stuff . 
  they were not raided . 
  i think the point he was trying to make is that the uk does not have an independent , constitutional judiciary . 
  parliament can always overrule the supreme court . 
  do n't heavy duty motors have different standards ? 
  it 's not that it 's hard to do period , it 's hard to do at a reasonable price . 
  that is why mercedes , etc. , are not having these issues . 
  still not sure they meet future regs though . 
  they are n't perfect just yet , google cars needed human intervention to prevent accidents a few times , but we are def close . 
  i only know of how things are progressing in the us , but limited self-driving cars will become available by the 2020 model year . 
  they will not be self-driving in urban environments just yet . 
  i would not be surprised if in 10-15 years cars will be fully autonomous . 
  yep . 
  so if you try to get the particulates down in diesel you lose a ton of efficiency , and emit more co2 . 
  co2 is bad , but nox chokes people immediately . 
  i also think this will be largely solved by self-driving electric cars , and much wider car sharing . 
  yes , most obvious one like this would be obama saying he hopes the uk stays in the eu , which i did n't find particularly helpful in any event . 
  i would only expect non-statements on this polish issue though , it 's much more complicated . 
  if it escalated and poland started threatening to leave , there will probably be a statement calling for european unity . 
  it 's because diesel in inherently filthy , and it 's very hard to do anything about it . 
  poland is one of our best allies , but this is an internal eu matter , and i do n't think there will be any comment on it . 
  saoirse ronan was on colbert last night , quite the charmer . 
  anyway , she moved to nyc and is ours now . 
  i think you 'd find colbert ' s interview particularly annoying , check it out . 
  did i really need to put in the qualifier that `` up until now , vw is being treated the same as an american company ? '', 
  i do n't proclaim to be able to see into the future . 
  i 'm not disagreeing . 
  i 'd love to see vw people in jail , but it 's not going to happen . 
  the point is that vw is being treated the same as american companies . 
  nice attempt to sidetrack the argument . 
  the original comment i replied to said :  `` unlikely . 
  this is just a politician grandstanding . 
  regrettably us state attorneys tend to be politicians first and foremost . '', 
  i 'm saying that the suits are not grandstanding . 
  it is the job of attorney generals to prosecute lawbreakers . 
  do you disagree with that ? 
  as for whether they are protected by german law , that remains to be seen . 
  however , in most investigations like this , companies waive those objections in exchange for lenient treatment . 
  the fact that vw is n't doing that is an indication that this fraud goes to the very top of the management chain . 
  no one will go to jail with vw either . 
  the point is , if you get caught breaking the law here , you will pay a lot of money . 
  trust me , i wish all those wall st. people were jailed for life . 
  that will be litigated i suppose . 
  but that has nothing to do with the motivation for the suit . 
  we have laws and regulations here , that have stated penalties . 
  you do n't comply , you pay those penalties , it 's that simple . 
  vw admitted lying ( even after it got caught ! ), 
  and intentionally breaking these laws . 
  what is so hard to understand ? 
  this already happened with heavy duty diesel engines 10 years ago , an huge fines were paid . 
  yes , we go easy on our own . 
   bank fines total a whopping $ 184 billion with 174 cases still left  new york ( thestreet ) -- big banks , led by bank of america ( bac - get report ) and jpmorgan chase ( jpm - get report ) , have paid a total of $ 184 billion in fines since 2009 over 117 cases . 
  but they are still on the hook for another 174 cases , according to a report published friday by keefe , bruyette & woods analysts brian gardner and fred cannon . 
  true . 
  i guess this is why there is still such a massive fear of the right in countries that appeared to have been peaceful and tolerant for decades . 
  why do so many germans have a problem believing that vw is acting terribly ? 
  the job of these attorney generals is to enforce the law , when somebody breaks the law , they go after them . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  especially the one about germans caring about the environment . 
  merkel made life harder for all brown people in europe , not just migrants . 
  do they look down on you ? 
   swedes in general are pretty self-righteous so politicians/journalists ( except the growing sd ) in general were very eager to tell the rest of europe how good sweden are and that the rest are basically fascists . 
  so people think that facts should not be discussed ??? 
  at 516 as of now . 
  you should submit that article . 
  where does stronzo fall in your tiered system ? 
  yeah , been some horrible high profile murders . 
  awful . 
  good stuff broheim . 
  i always see you in / r/nyc . 
  he 'll no , i 'm old and married . 
  i just see screens hots on reddit . 
  i 'm out , feel free to disprove me , or i 'll look tomorrow . 
  i 'll have to look it up tomorrow . 
  there was not violence much against muslims after 9/11 here . 
  tbf , white neckbeards on reddit do the same . 
  actually i believe there were more attacks on brown people in the netherlands than the us after 9/11 . 
  i 'm on my phone , otherwise i 'd get it for you . 
  what flavor brown are you ? 
  there are existing laws that specify the cost per vehicle for lying and cheating . 
  i thought germans cared about rules and laws . 
  i do n't think anyone in the eu does . 
  follow the law , or pay , it 's very simple . 
  i also told him if you are dumb enough to give money or get tricked by criminal beggars you pretty much deserve to get robbed .
