  that sausage shit is awesome . 
  bosnian food is amazing . 
  yeah , that 's why . 
  or i went there and the people are ridiculously nice , and there is good customer service and a lot of american companies to work at . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  i was joking , but ireland , nicest people i 've ever met . 
  probably why i liked ireland , it was like being home . 
  4 should be 1 . 
  you 'd be happy in nyc too . 
  less assholes though . 
  funny , ireland is the only euro country i 've been to that i would consider living in long term . 
  the people i 'm talking about were granted citizenship as refugees , not through the regular process . 
  so i could be at work and say `` i hope no more jews move to poland '' and everyone would think that is ok ? 
  sure , but i 'm talking about the revolutionary war . 
  right , black people never go to jail here . 
  harsh bro, 
  i know sd is horrible , buy is n't it true they are the only anti-immigration party ? 
  yeah , never google your boss at work . 
  no , he defunded my school , we used books from the '20s . 
  how was it 's defense not included in its establishment ? 
  in the uk , sure . 
  i wonder about other nations though . 
  not since molitov-ribbentrop . 
  the british people do not want an ever closer union , or a federal europe . 
  they should leave . 
  everyone will be better off . 
  is it socially acceptable to support gd ? 
  there were exceptions of course , but the vast majority of people spoke english . 
  i 'm not sure it 's the leaders , i think it 's more the vast differences in culture , language , economic status that makes the european project so hard . 
  americans had a hard enough time , and they all spoke english , and were common law jurisdictions . 
  the eu is more like the un than the us . 
  there are worse jobs , no ? 
  i 'm sick of the 2 party system too , but i do n't sit around and wonder in texas is going to pay it 's debt or our currency will be gone , or that arizona will decide to grant every one who crosses the border asylum , or that if ny got attacked , no one would protect us . 
  the eu is failing on a fundamental level , and you talk about donald trump ? 
  seriously ? 
  lol , the entire us now has marriage equality , does the eu ? 
  say what you want about the us , but it can carry out basic functions such as monetary policy , defense , immigration policy , etc. 
  to an outsider , this is strange , to say the least . 
  i think there is a pretty good chance of stupid things happening , and the eu not being able to address it . 
  retard cake . 
  so rational discussion is out of the question ? 
  that is a bit concerning , no ? 
  i do n't really think it 's the migrants themselves that is the scariest thing . 
  it 's the inability of eu countries to agree on anything , or even carry out agreements they have already agreed to . 
  it 's a fucking shitshow that could end up sinking the whole european project . 
  but maybe something more realistic will come out of the ashes . 
  there is actually one of these ferries in ny harbor . 
  goes from nj to brooklyn . 
  freight only . 
  french onion soup is awesome . 
  harsh brah, 
  in that context ( which i could have made clearer ) i meant the german leadership in reaction to reports they received . 
  do you have a source ? 
  maybe you can clear this up . 
  if you read through the exchange , i said i will be providing sources later , because i do n't want to go on a hitler rampage on my work computer . 
  she was actually deported ? 
  germans in the high command . 
  you mean krugman . 
  i know , and i 'm saying that at least us over here think of you as environmentally aware business folks , and are not stuck in the past . 
  that 's all , maybe it is n't worth much . 
  aww , thx brashki . 
  btw , i was in your country for 10 days , and got back last week . 
  i 've never been treated better in my life . 
  i love you fuckers !, 
  i 'm obsessed now . 
  thank you for explaining your thought process . 
  i did not realize it was a point of contention , it was just a statement that i accepted at face value . 
  i think the right ones . 
  honestly , i was really shocked to hear about it . 
  i almost never moralize against germany , but i was shocked that at least for srebernica survivors , there was no exception made . 
  one of them told me how her and her mother would go to whichever office for weekly extensions to their residency :-( they became citizens very easily here , and feel very accepted . 
  i personally think they are some of the best americans around , and they have awesome food . 
  indeed , ethnic russian mammoth fossils have been oppressed for too long . 
  send in spetznatz !, 
  fine , when i get home tonight , i will post evidence . 
  i ca n't get to hitler crazy on my work computer . 
  it 's easier for the us than some of your neighbors i suppose . 
  and please do n't take american teenagers yelling `` nazi ! '', 
  seriously . 
  with great power , comes great abuse . 
   just some years ago germany kicked out refugees from former yugoslavia in very brutal way . 
  people who actually learned the language and had a job . 
  germany is not some the naive idiot as people here label it . 
  can confirm , i 'm friends with a number of srebernica survivors that were kicked out of germany . 
  they are all american citizens now . 
  ok , good , i 'm glad you are not some extremist maniac . 
  i 've been to croatia , and i am friendly with a group of bosniaks who fled srebernica and have the worst stories i 've ever heard in my life . 
  so at least know where i am coming from . 
  usta\u0161a were horrible , but i do think it 's notable that the nazis urged restraint on them because the nazis were horrible themselves . 
  you do n't think that is relevant ? 
  and if you want to be fair about it , the nazis also had to prod them to kill more jews , because they were much more interested in the serbs . 
  but still , i do n't know why you would feel compelled to make a minor clarification to my comment when talking about a murderous group . 
  did it insult your pride or something ? 
  until nato killed it . 
  btw , i was in your city two weeks ago , had a great time !, 
  welp , now i see why you guys have been murdering each other since forever , you just ca n't let go of the past . 
  ( edit : this was n't nice , sorry ) i 've never had anyone defend indefensible groups to me before on reddit . 
  i 'm just naive i guess . 
  you asked if i learned it on reddit , hence i told you i did not . 
  i do n't usually debate fascist-genocidal enthusiasts , but if it was more than one german , the germans or hitler , or whoever , the usta\u0161a was fucking atrocious .
