  as for ukraine ? 
  probably not . 
  well , i 'm sure i 'll be back . 
  it 's all the way up in the corner . 
  they do, 
   maybe all us states should have different currencies too . 
  we tried that with the articles of confederation , it did n't go well . 
  i did 12 days in ireland ; dublin , belfast , donegal , galway , the burren , it was fucking amazing , the landscapes and the people . 
  i do have to nitpick with earthporn 's choice of the cliffs of moher , slieve league in donegal is more impressive , though it 's too huge to appreciate in pics . 
  might be hard to find delaware on earth porn :-d great job btw . 
  if they have a fifa team , they should get a spot on the map . 
  i do n't think there is a huge difference in the scale of the fines , but to the extent that it was worse for vw it was because they continued to lie after getting caught . 
  that 's unprecedented . 
  the usual course of business is to immediately start negotiating a lower fine , not continue to deny . 
  i 'm an attorney that has worked on a million investigations like this , and i still ca n't believe they actually continued to lie . 
  from reading a billion stories about it in the news , but even more so , stories from my greek american friends about their family in the old country calling them morons for paying taxes here . 
  yeah , and i 'm friends with some of the criminals you exported here :-d, 
  you have a source that says new gen have same particulates as oeyrol ? 
  agreed that petrol is not ideal , but it does n't cause immediate harm to people breathing the exhaust . 
  it 's just better until traditional ice are gone . 
  in this very sub . 
  honestly , i really do n't think it would be great of me to go through threads and post links to specific comments . 
  but if you search / r/europe for dieselgate , you can find examples in two seconds . 
  actually , i replied to the wrong comment , so i 'll delete that . 
  that 's great that in / r/de you are critical of vw , but just like americans get all up in arms about google getting fined , they are plenty of german redditors who bitched about vw getting fined . 
  and the comment i had meant to reply to was someone saying that we never fine our own companies , which is a very false comment . 
  this is without a doubt the result of lobbying , come on . 
  you can be sure that is why there was no penalties , and they knew they could get away with it bc no one was paying attention before hand . 
  honeslty , i just get so pissed at this because there was so much advertising vw here with `` clean diesel '' and flowers and other bullshit . 
  [ like this ] ( https://www.extremetech.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/vwtdi.png ) , [ this ] ( http://prod-upp-image-read.ft.com/2c756000-f5d5-11e5-96db-fc683b5e52db ) . 
  of course they were lying , and then they got caught , and they still lied . 
  it 's just insulting . 
  best of luck !, 
  suing in the uk ? 
  wow , almost as good as the greeks . 
  man , you 'd think that at least people could get a few grand to make up for resale value . 
  of course not , but how does that not make a lot of political compromises inevitable ? 
  is n't it concerning for a government to own so much of a high regulated corporation ? 
  one that is a huge employer ? 
   yes yes i know that eu cars can be `` fixed '' and many us ones supposedly can not but i do n't buy it . . you should buy it , our particulate standards are too tough to pass for these vw engines . 
  they can pass eu standards , but with killing mileage and power . 
  good for you for suing though , vw needs more pain , but they also need fines for hurting europeans health more than anything else . 
  we do n't regulate our tech companies nearly as strict as the eu , but our banks and auto companies have paid massive fines . 
  but yeah , fines can be stealth protectionism , and everyone is guilty of that . 
  bmw and mb ? 
  it does n't strike you as incredibly unwise to create environmental standards without any punishment for not adhering to them ? 
  it was a get out of jail free card . 
  yes , that 's good they are changing it , but this is hardly some unforeseeable thing that no law was available for . 
  [ these guys ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_council_on_clean_transportation ), 
  what is also special about vw was continuing to lie to investigators after being caught red handed . 
  i 'm not aware of any other corporation doing that . 
  like fifa and dieselgate . 
  it 's $ 31k here , and then a few more thousand off in tax credits . 
  are you aware that there is literally no way to punish vw for polluting under german law ? 
  and even if there was , i doubt it would be done . 
  additionally , i believe until 2006 or so , foreign bribes were tax deductible under the german tax code ? 
  guess what , mega corporations everywhere behave awfully , german ones too . 
  is n't lower saxony a huge shareholder of vw ? 
  does n't that limit enforcement against them by the federal government ? 
  the use of diesel for passenger cars is a ridiculous mistake , as the particulates instantly injures anyone close enough to breathe them . 
  ditch it now . 
  how much does a nissan leaf sell for in germany . 
  meh , probably does n't even make much sense to discuss states in terms of soft power . 
  but i 'd agree that if any states could , it would be cali ( silicon valley/hollywood ) and ny ( media/finance ) . 
  texas and florida too . 
  you can count on us for lng . 
  yes , but in countryball , size is determined by relevance . 
  us & a # 1 into relevance . 
  who drew russiaball bigger than usaball ? 
  i get that , and i do n't expect everyone to be so educated about it . 
  honestly , if he had said `` watch out for the gypsies '' i 'd really have no issue with it . 
  this guy would have got nervous around a romanian programmer . 
  my issue with the cab driver was that he called them romanians , not roma . 
  or you can live not in a generic mcmansion , have tons of money and buy legal weed . 
  with the numbers of euros who come here to work , there must be something good going on here . 
  then i guess they are n't true `` globalists . '', 
  yes , it 's much different . 
  there really are some people in the uk who have a problem with eastern euros . 
  as i said before , i can not comprehend it , though i 'm sure it 's because i have the american conception of race . 
  look , the daily love a citizen thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/murica/comments/6oa9gq/after_10_years/ the tribes in the us are now class based more than race based , though , obviously the tribes are quite homogeneous . 
  but , i live in a very affluent area ( there is a $ 30m house for sale down the road from me ) , and i 'd much rather have socially similar people regardless of background . 
  the indian finance guy across the street is very nice for example . 
  rather have him than trash of any color . 
  this is also bad however , as i realize i 'm living in a bubble , and that is going to cause conflict . 
  all my friends live in affluent towns . 
  we all go on vacation to other affluent areas , and some own second homes . 
  i never really thought about it before , but now that everyone is getting older and making money , it 's pretty crazy . 
  i can ensure that i do n't see any poverty unless i 'm in the city during the workday . 
  let 's be honest , do you think these people can differentiate between finns and poles ? 
  definitely not . 
  but guess what , it 's not only rural people , and it is n't only about poles . 
  i had a cabdriver in belfast tell me to `` watch out for the romanians . '', 
  first of all , i told him i 'm not some hick that is going to get my wallet stolen . 
  then i had to do the whole `` roma/romania/gypsy '' schpiel . 
  ( fun aside about him , he had been to the us 5 times , and only in vegas . 
  not nyc , san fan , la , chicago , miami , etc. 
  never went to a national park , never went to a museum . 
  who flies 12 hours to gamble in the desert ???? ), 
  i 've lived in the uk for a total of 6 months , and i heard more racist shit than in the other 39 years of my life .
