  most people are not critical consumers of media . 
  when i studied in the uk , i got lots of questions about the us based on the jerry springer show . 
  ( i 'm old . ), 
  literally . 
  while that is partially true ( all british visitors i 've met here have been very well behaved ) , it 's mostly how brits are portrayed in media . 
  huge swaths of this country are rural , and those folks are n't going to meet a brit irl . 
  no , you have just been the rich/fancy bad guys since the boston tea party . 
  we just care about your food and beer . 
  i 'm not a trump guy at all , but i do agree that nato has outlived it usefulness , and we need to focus on the pacific . 
  unfortunately , hillary is a warmongering interventionist , so we will end up just meddling more . 
  / r/the _ donald, 
  sure , there is even a whole sub for that . 
  that 's it , i 'm boycotting swedish fish . 
  fuck you guys !, 
  17 year old kids from rural areas are not our best ambassadors , and that 's a very large percentage of our military people in europe . 
  yeah , i thought the english were all high class too , then i studied there ... 
  yeah , none of those in nyc . 
  if you like sluts , guns and mountains , you should probably visit us . 
  name it . 
  oh , so the same reasoning as most of our gun laws . 
  i love my remington pump 20 gauge , so much fun . 
  happy cakeday !!, 
  yes , americans and brits have a much different conception on nato than germans . 
  for our respective governments , nato is a diplomatic tool to be used as needed . 
  during the cold war we probably had the same idea that germans have now , that it 's there for defense in case of a massive war . 
  then you have france , which is a very interventionist country , but has reverted to be distrustful of nato , lest they get caught up in american/anglo adventurism . 
  personally , i think we are seeing the last gasps of the post war order , and no one knows what will happen next . 
  i think our energy independence and forseeable death of the internal combustion engine is going to reduce our interventionism . 
  you can already see how our relations with ksa are degrading . 
  not sure how much longer nato will be around , as it does not make much sense in the current world . 
  guess i 'll have to do it on a volunteer basis . 
  that 's strange . 
  what 's the reasoning ? 
   the regulatory authority does n't have anyone to browse cam websites 24/7 to see what romanians do there i 'll do it for a very modest salary . 
   i sometimes wonder whether this uncritical `` copy & paste '' of authors comes from the content matching their own world view . 
  that is my suspicion . 
  when obama made the `` free rider '' comments , it was reported here as fairly surprising , and many people seemed to agree . 
  then the story tied into sanders/trump non-interventionism , and how americans are exhausted with war . 
  i think it was shortly after that trump said that he would pull us out of nato , and then `` the establishment '' started freaking out . 
  throw in brexit poll numbers getting worse for the remainers , and people really started getting nervous . 
  to me it looks like a lot of the foreign policy elite ( i.e. 
  atlantacists/internationalists ) are panicking . 
  i ca n't believe all these articles from all over saying that if uk gets out of the eu or the us goes isolationist , that europeans will be genociding each other the next day . 
  perhaps that is just fear mongering , but it comes off as a bit insulting to europe from where i sit . 
  so basically the time 's uncritically went along with a public relations effort ? 
  that is what i was trying to convey , that i could understand someone perceiving that france was dangerous now , but i would n't see that being true for the uk . 
  the swedes have conquered / r/all . 
  i will not sit here quietly in the face of this blatant cultural imperialism . 
  while you would probably get a very bad reaction , the 1st amendment enshrines your right to burn the flag , or the koran , etc. 
  what happens if you do call it mustard ? 
  i suppose i can somewhat understand someone not going to france , but seems insane to me to avoid the uk . 
  was she not aware of the attack in copenhagen ? 
  trump would be bad for the whole world . 
  you might get both . 
  that is n't very nice . 
  people here think of states as a subdivision of a country for the most part . 
  we never call countries states . 
  well , arresting people for offensive tweets is really quite insane . 
  yes , and we put way too many people in jail too . 
  but we do n't have these insane nanny state laws , and the rest of europe doesnt either . 
  that 's ok , the point is to help ourselves . 
  how so . 
  i think they are doing an awesome job . 
  they are all about evs or anything else that reduces emissions . 
  a little different than a country that increases coal as a share of power generation , that pressures the eu to roll back strict auto emission regulations , and promotes diesel consumption , and enabled a carmaker to get away with murder . 
  well , not just reddit . 
  when denmark passed the law about migrant 's valuables , tgere was a lot of very negative press in sweden . 
  is there anyone over there that does n't hate each other ? 
  definitely not . 
  poor fellas had the misfortune of being colonized by spain . 
  since we 're on the topic : http://www.expressandstar.com/news/crime/2016/06/04/paul-gascoigne-charged-over-racial-joke-at-wolverhampton-civic-hall-show/, 
  yep , i learned that on reddit too . 
  i do wish people would take the pacific theater into account when complaining about the us coming in late or not going after stalin . 
  if it was n't for japan , who knows if we would have gotten into the war at all ; germany declared war on us when we declared war on japan . 
  i would iike to download some weed from colorado . 
  how do i do this ? 
  vape naysh y' all !!, 
  yeah , i 'm kidding . 
  the similarity is that he said estonians take the shitty jobs , but that 's it . 
  i 'm a huge fan of the danes . 
  i was trying to convey that in sweden they are criticized . 
  yeah , sorry , we had to defeat japan after germany fell . 
  not really , though there is a lot of criticism of denmark in sweden from what i have been told on this sub . 
  i believe they have a shit ton of hydro power available . 
  those type of folks are n't interested enough in the world to visit / r/europe . 
  but i do hear you that he can get a bit repetitive . 
  he should probably stop after triggering one person who takes the bait . 
  so us helping croatia makes us unpopular in slovenia ? 
  i thought you and the croats have very little conflict . 
  `` my cock 's part of the french football legend and yet i ca n't bring him to a game , '' he said . 
  those are the people he is mocking . 
  he 's hilarious , and i like being peed on . 
  there is not one place in the western world that incitement to violence is legal . 
  yes , more police should be making sure no one films face-sitting porn , or buys something at the supermarket to get high . 
  these are the important issues . 
  oh , so estonia is your mexico . 
  that makes this `` into nordic '' thing a little sad . 
  real baltic porter was brewed in england for export to st. petersburg . 
  lying russians . 
  i 'm no expert , but the best gin and tonic i 've had was made with plymouth gin from the uk .
