  that being said , when i was living in london in ' 98 , my english buddy excitedly lent me his cumshot vhs porn he bought in belgium . 
  apparently cumshots were banned as obscene in the uk . 
  is this still true ? 
  very interesting . 
  i suppose i should have framed it as `` are you opposed to germany possessing a military commensurate with it 's population and economy . '', 
  it ... it was a joke . 
  i 'm just really antisocial , are n't i ? 
  nyc area . 
  i 'm telling you , it 's rampant . 
  this would only be with very close people , like a sister in law , someone 's sister you have known for 20 years , or your friend 's wife you have known forever . 
  not someone you barely know . 
  i still hate it . 
  yeah , he was a pretty fiery orator . 
  it was n't even the keeping it in the pants , it was the using his real name and thinking he could get away with it !, 
  and then using a fake name and thinking he could get away with it . 
  no judgment !, 
  no way , nothing beats a dude named weiner showing his weiner . 
  and then doing it again . 
  the japanese could do it . 
  are you trying to get brits arrested ? 
  here in america , it 's become fashionable ( or maybe it always was ) for men to cheek kiss , or air kiss female friends when saying goodbye . 
  i hate it . 
  i 'm so awkward with it , especially with my friends wives or sisters . 
  perhaps it is time to move to a non-kissing area . 
  this was better than the fappening . 
  well , this is pretty detailed , so i 'm pretty sure you are not making it up . 
  all i have to say is holy shit . 
  is this some kind of thing related to the commonwealth and easy immigration ? 
  i guess we get the upper class indians , though even the poorer ones work hard as cab drivers or shop owners . 
  i live in one of the wealthiest towns in the us , we have lots of japanese , koreans and indians ; they are all thought of as overachieving minorities to be admired . 
  now that you bring up honor killings , there was a big case in toronto about that , was n't there ? 
  the father killed the daughters , and the whole family tried to cover it up . 
  what stuff ? 
  americans would have no problem with a militarily strong germany . 
  unfortunately many of your neighbors and many people in this sub do . 
  we have lots of indians here , and do not have that problem . 
  they are some of the hardest workers around and cause no problems whatsoever . 
  maybe what is happening in canada is n't the indians fault . 
  i have no problem with this statement , and want the us out of europe , and nato . 
  but you really , really need to get other countries on board . 
  uk and france alone are not enough . 
  it 's the # 1 imported cheese in the us , it 's also licensed to be produced at the alpine lace factory in ohio . 
  at my grocery store , it is $ 7.29 a pound , or 45.14 krone for 0.453 kg . 
  not sure if it is taxed , as it is not a prepared food . 
  it 's clear i was discussing either cheese , or a prostitute . 
  i worded it poorly , i meant i could n't find the post to / r/norway . 
  i meant i could n't find my post to / r/norway . 
  but thanks for the suggestion !, 
  i live in the nyc area , it is quite literally everywhere !, 
  love that stuff . 
  want to try finlandia though . 
  they are not enemies either . 
  that is n't even in the realm of possibility . 
  china and russia are all about trading without using the dollar , and i 'm sure they wink at each other while they keep the us occupied in europe and asia . 
  that being said , i 'm sure china does not want a war which will totally eff up the world economy . 
  in the meantime , we pressure sk and japan to increase their military spending . 
  japan has really jumped in head first on that . 
  no , that 's what japan and sk are for . 
  those lit up eyes are freaking me out . 
  did they have meantime ipa ? 
  that shit is awesome . 
  it is amazing cheese , best bang for the buck without a doubt . 
  has holes in it , firm texture . 
  yum . 
  i ca n't find it , but i posted to / r/norway about this cheese . 
  apparently it is n't a very big deal to them , but i love it . 
  you poor guys . 
  hey , you apologize to [ king henrik ] ( http://37.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l66hc7nhls1qcmnc5o1_500.png ) right now !, 
  i 'm compelled to point out that nyc has had a building taller than that mountain since 1930 . 
  it 's still a nice mountain though , i 'm sure . 
  and i 'd never call you dull like that horrible english fella did . 
   they 've got ancient rocks [ 8 ] , and ... yeah , no , that 's it . 
  they 've got rocks . 
  oh , and a nazi camp [ 9 ] . 
  so they 've got that going for them , which is nice . 
  actually it 's quite helpful if it 's a `` silly '' opinion . 
  you let someone spout of insane holocaust denial propaganda , and they look like a maniac . 
  you suppress that person , and you make it look like there is something to hide , or worse , make that person a martyr . 
  the queen has aged quite a bit , but i think you need new glasses if you think she looks like a man . 
  yup . 
  because a commenter above said that as per article 10 , artistic expression is entitled to different protections that political or other forms of expression . 
  i do n't claim to be an expert on article 10 , i 'm not at all familiar with it . 
  a law restricting hate speech is a law that infringes on freedom of expression , nowhere has unlimited freedom of expression . 
  if you are regulating freedom of expression , you have to define the terms . 
  sorry , i misunderstood your point on the grey square . 
  any national law must fall within the confines of article 10 , correct ? 
  i covered that in an earlier comment , you can still be prosecuted for art . 
  however , the commenter above is right , in most western nations `` artistic expression '' is given protections , so sometimes it is necessary to decide what is art and what is not legally . 
  they question can never be answered as an absolute of course , but there are legal definitions . 
   what about modernist paintings that are a grey square , is that art ? 
      no please elaborate . 
   from a human rights perspective it actually is relevant whether this is art because article 10 ( freedom of expression ) gives various levels of protection dependant upon the type of expression ( with a distinction made between artistic and political expression for example ) . 
  we have this as well , with political/artistic expression afforded the most protections , and commercial speech with the least protections . 
  there are cases that pop up from time to time , such as strippers claiming that stripping is a an artful expression , and can not be regulated ( it 's not ) . 
  under article 10 , which gets more protection , political , or artistic ? 
  maybe this guy 's work is both , he is commenting on public issues . 
  ( tips fedora ), 
  please report to the local police station immediately . 
  you have been charged with promotion of racist artwork . 
  you did n't argue anything , just told him to fuck off .
