  this usually happens when you have really inflammatory subject matter ( like child molestation ) and the defendant knows that jurors would likely not be able to see clearly . 
  a massive proportion of large financial transactions have choice of law clauses that specify a common law jurisdiction ( england , ny , ireland , bermuda , etc. 
  ) , so i 'd say it 's a pretty big deal . 
  financial institutions are loath to have a contract interpreted by civil law . 
  no , he meant if he copied and pasted reddit code to reddit.de and someone posted a pirated video , he would be held personally liable . 
  i think ireland would be a place for it , every biz in the world is `` based '' there , and you have really low corporate taxes . 
  in 6 months , do you think the euro subs posted will have a lot of activity ? 
  na , he said because he could be held liable for copyright violations , it could not exist in germany . 
  hey , i 'm just saying if you are going to make a stink , have plan . 
  honestly , i think it is ironic that op complained about too many americans reddit , and just said that reddit could not even exist in his country because of the laws there . 
  new england is amazing . 
  do it !, 
  have you guys ever made it out to vermont ? 
  amazing breweries and local food everywhere , almost no attitude . 
  i guess there is not so much history , but it is beautiful . 
  i would take it that belgium is the best beer/history combo on earth . 
  jeff , you are an australian , you are n't allowed to comment here . 
  luckily they are in the process of developing a european reddit where heathens like you can not tread . 
  lol . 
  you know your shit . 
  is zombie dust as good as they say ? 
  i 'm guessing you live in the midwest . 
  i think estrella is one of the best lagers out there . 
  but yeah , i hear ya , i ca n't deal with any overly pretentious beer bar that is full of these people . 
  if you walk in and the bartender has a handlebar mustache , turn around and walk out !, 
  quite strange , all this anger with american , beer , no ? 
  surely there is at least one european country that it could be done in . 
  ha , i 'd say edmund fitz is in my top 5 beers . 
  burning river is amazing too . 
  it 's one of my favorite breweries . 
  and how would a spaniard know of this ? 
  it 's a `` living document . '', 
  meaning that 's it 's interpretation changes over time . 
  for example there was no constitutional amendment to find that segregation was unconstitutional . 
  the supreme court decided it was unconstitutional . 
  ever heard of sierra nevada or sam adams ? 
  my friend just spent 3 days in sf , and said mikkeler bar was the greatest place he has been in his life . 
  i think its great there is a lot of cross-pollination between nordic countries and the us with beer . 
  it can only benefit all . 
  i 'm an american lawyer , i had to get an extra degree , pass a state exam , pass an investigation , and am required to do 12 hours of continuing education a year . 
  if i fuck up , i can ruin someones life . 
  same with an engineer , they fuck up , and people can die . 
  you ca n't deregulate everything . 
  some professions need to me regulated . 
  it would be insane to let anyone be an engineer or lawyer . 
  `` the woman , who has not been named , said she suffered cuts and bruises after her earrings were violently dislodged , along with her veil . '', 
  so call the police , do n't rip it off her face . 
  you 're right , i looked , but did not see it . 
  yes , you believe that in 1789 , the states should have given more power to the federal government . 
  past your bedtime little buddy . 
  cool , i forgot you were 15 . 
  let me tell you something , germany is probably the most sober , self critical , most rational country out there . 
  however , that was learned at a price . 
  no other country was forced to confront their past acts like germany . 
  especially a young country . 
  so do n't expect us to act like you . 
  do n't confuse your principles as being self evident , millions died for you to learn that . 
  you have no legal knowledge , so discussion with you is a waste . 
  ok , tell me the constitutional justification . 
  i 'm waiting . 
  first of all , there are constitutional minimum requirements for all officials ; state , municipal , county or otherwise . 
  everyone must comply with the us constitution . 
  honestly , i do n't think you have a clue about the laws here . 
  and i do n't have a clue about the laws of germany , which is why i do n't make uninformed comments on german law . 
  regardless , the issue her has been the lack of transparency by the police . 
  i 've never seen anything like it . 
  if they had released on day one , g this would be a non-story . 
  i ca n't say `` generally , '' but there seems to be a concensus that the police have become militarized , and it has to be reversed . 
  most people also know it 's a small group of looters and riotors , and that most protesters are peaceful . 
  thing is the police are releasing so little info , we do n't know what to think . 
  this is n't usually how it goes . 
  it 's leaving a huge vacuum . 
  i think this pacifism increases instability in europe , making it counter productive . 
  but again , i do understand why the populace feels that way . 
  you think other countries in the eu would be ok with germany rearming ? 
  i 'll try to give a brief explanation . 
  the most important thing to know id that states are not subsidiaries of the federal government , they are sovereign entities . 
  the federal government has powers enumerated to it by the constitution , any power not granted to the federal government remains with the states . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enumerated_powers if there is a conflict between state law and federal law , federal will prevail due to the supremacy clause . 
  so think of individual states as entities that are presumed to have all powers except those specifically enumerated to the federal government . 
  the federal government has no powers besides those included in the constitution ( which are constantly enlarged by the supreme court ) . 
  states have a lot of power to determine how things work , which is why you will always hear americans say how different each state is . 
  for example , i live in nyc , so when i hear texas like stereotypes , i just roll me eyes , because where i live is a lot more similar to the uk than texas . 
  however , i 'm not going to state we are anywhere near as different as european states are from each other . 
  no , those are state militia . 
  now they are `` federalized '' all the time to serve overseas , but right now they are under the command of governor is missouri . 
  domestically , national guard are used for civil disturbances , and in natural disasters . 
  ok , but you did state that the federal government should regulate local governments more , but that really is n't how it works . 
  if obama came here to nyc and told an cop nypd cop what to do , the cops would not have to listen at all , as the president has no authority over him . 
  in fact , the federal government has made everything a trillion times worse by giving police departments all over the country ( even tiny ones ) military equipment . 
  it makes these cops act like tough guys . 
  i just hope this whole thing can be a tipping point as far as militarizing the police . 
  as far as treating minorities better , i fell like that will never happen until the war on drugs ends . 
  more and mainstream people are getting pissed off about all this , so perhaps something will come out of it . 
  and trust me , i know this is bad for our image . 
  are the german people against rearming because they are pacifists , or because they are scared germany will repeat the ways of the past ? 
  i hung out with two very pro german friends of mine who go to germany a lot . 
  i was giving my regular schpiel about how germany needs to play a bigger role in european defense , and they both told me they thought that was a bad idea . 
  i totally trust germany , am i the only one ? 
  am i naive ?
