  mmmmmmmmmmmmm, 
  not liking them is fine , yelling at them for being foreigners is nuts . 
  i downloaded it it from it from a lefty friend 's fb , and google it quick too . 
  thought it sounded a little too modern . 
  will delete it . 
  and if you think i 'm clicking in a storm link for any reason , you are nuts . 
  i 'm not sure , but finlandia is common . 
  i do think it should be done away with . 
  luckily many states have `` romeo and julie laws '' that make it less of an issue with regards to statutory rape . 
   belonging to an ultra-nationalistic hate group definitely can be grounds for arrest . 
  no it can not . 
  source : american lawyer . 
  if you are interested , here is a large pdf file on it : https://www.bu.edu/law/central/jd/organizations/journals/bulr/volume86n2/documents/carpenterv2.pdf, 
  i 'm an attorney , and the argument you are making is often made here . 
  there are strict limits on it , and for most crimes you can not use it . 
  i believe they have stated that there is such a state interest of preventing abuse of minors that it prevents someone from even taking a chance . 
  i do n't think it 's fair . 
  for 99.9 % of offenses you must prove intent . 
   i know for sure here that if i was to sit in a pub spouting about how i '' hated the fucking jews '' or something equally offensive , i 'd be frog marched out of the place by a bouncer or staff member at least . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  awful lot of videos from the uk where people are being racially abused on the bus and no one does anything . 
  it would go much differently here in ny , and that speech is 100 % legal , it just is n't accepted if spewed abusively and an individual . 
  we have this for a very small amount of offenses . 
  the most controversial one is sex with a minor in many states . 
  even if the other party lies and produces fake id , you could get in trouble . 
  pretty rare , but ti happens . 
  they are inside from the cold , so they just do n't seem so lazy . 
  mmmm , finlandia cheese . 
  it 's either fiscal transfers , or the end of the euro . 
  i agree . 
  i can see why you might not want to pay for someone you ca n't even speak the same language as , and you think they are wasting your money . 
  one can never be sure ... 
  i ca n't tell if this is serious or not . 
  northerners like myself have no problem paying taxes that end up going to southern states . 
  we do n't even think about it . 
  it 's worked out fine . 
  not saying europe has to do it , but it works fine here . 
   yeah good luck with that . 
  eventually , the eu will become a fiscal transfer union , where the north continuously pay for the south . 
  just like here . 
   a eu without the uk would be a miserable little squalid affair , dominated by inward thinking germans and political naive frenchmen , squabbling over farm subsidies and how much money germany has to pay to greece . 
  damn ... 
  and your comment is worthless . 
  why do n't you explain it . 
  ussr had a very weak manufacturing capacity at the time the war broke out , in addition to losing much of it to the german advance . 
  it 's up to them , i 'm not saying they need to change anything . 
  i 'd just would be shocked if anything crazy happened if they did . 
  and i understand why they would n't want to find out if that is true or not . 
  what other countries in europe do you think are most susceptible to fascism ? 
  i just can not ever see it happening in uk , ireland , denmark , netherlands . 
  i can only enlighten the ones here ... 
  stop being so mature , this is reddit . 
   and then got much better . 
  but hey , what do i know , captain america won wwii by himself , right ? 
  do n't be so butthurt . 
  even scorched earth and human waves can not win against the wermacht with no mechanization . 
  we just gave you the tools to ~ ~ have a chance ~ ~ get it done quicker . 
  edit, 
  there is no doubt at all that hitler was an amazing orator that inspired all these people . 
  i 'd have to look into it more , and while it was true that he did not advertise the holocaust beforehand , did n't he rail on and on about removing undesirables from germany ? 
  i believe it was couched in terms of deportation . 
  the man was once convicted of an armed coup attempt , i do n't see how anyone who voted for him thought he was going to be puppies and kittens . 
  not that your avg . 
  voter would have foreseen the reichtag being burnt down and emergency declared . 
  the way i had looked at it in the past was that germany was humiliated after wwi , and hitler used that humiliation to tap into historical anti-semitism and feelings of german superiority . 
  hell , if you want to make people who lost a war and have been through hyperinflation vote for you , tell them that they are the superior ones and are only in that position because the jews put them there . 
  kaiser wilhem went on and on about that after the great war . 
  the `` stab in the back '' was a widespread thing , it was n't just hitler . 
  but my larger point is that after this happened once , i did n't think it could happen again . 
  but once something moves on from living memory , i suppose it is possible again . 
  look at the us , all the policy makers who recalled the great depression were out of the picture when we repealed glass-stegall and all the other regulations that made our markets stable . 
  and the exact same thing happened again . 
  i would have thought that people 's wariness of fascism would prevent it again . 
  i thought i was in the brexit thread and that it would somehow be illegal for ireland to maintain it 's bilateral agreement with the uk after a brexit . 
  once again i make an idiot of myself by redditing on the train before any coffee . 
  because the person stays sick and keeps going back ? 
  prince charles, 
  no , no . 
  the jews started the holocaust so that enough jews would flee to palestine and they could reestablish their banking hegemony there . 
  it was flooded with people who had just been mostly exterminated in europe . 
  it was a bit complicated , no ? 
  ~ ~ you know there is nothing at the border of ni and ireland , right ? 
  the only way you know you 've gone over it is when the signs change from kmh to mph . 
  and that 's how it was before the eu . 
  that situation alone makes it different . 
  you are dealing with 2 islands who have an open border . 
  it 's not comparable to the situation on the continent . ~ ~ nevermind . 
  stop being ridiculous , they are not inhumane . 
  they are better than most of out police . 
  why are you saying they were tricked ? 
  many seemed willing to go along with the whole thing . 
  what about if hate speech laws were eliminated in other european nations , could it happen there too ? 
  or is this a german thing ? 
  uh , no . 
  the fact that people think that widespread right wing radicalization is possible at all is mind blowing to me . 
  is it just germans ? 
  do you know when/if his records will become public ? 
  well , that 's frightening . 
   the point of hate speech laws is to prevent him/her from spreading hate speech and radicalizing other people . 
  am i naive to think that there would be very little chance of widespread radicalization in germany if this sort of speech was permitted ?
