  especially with regards to the nhs . 
  i get it , our system sucks , but there are continental nations that have very successful insurance based systems that you could make a useful comparison to . 
  as for trump , he 's an embarrassment , and i do n't blame people for mocking him . 
  the silver lining to me is that many republicans have come out against him , and it shows that there are still people who put the country before their party . 
  i 'll preface this by saying i 've been to canada a lot , i like it a lot , and i 've always been treated well there . 
  that being said , anyone whose primary identity revolves around being not something has a mindset i can not comprehend . 
  hopefully it 's just an online thing , or a noisy minority . 
  so i was listening to the bbc this morning , and they had a salty dane and australian saying you guys were only doing well because money , it was hilarious . 
  and the australian said you stole all their coaches . 
  waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  i think dafne schipper did the best at being attractive in the 200m yesterday . 
  me likey . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure where this fella is getting this idea . 
  maybe he is one of those special canadians that want to differentiate themselves from the us so hard that they want to be in the eu . 
  well , he does share your queen . 
  none of these people were romanovs . 
  where did germany touch you ? 
  we would not vote for someone with a royal title . 
  canadians would go for that . 
  and trump loves putin . 
  if you live there , i can understand you blaming them . 
  personally , i think when you bottle things uo for a long time , nothing good happens . 
  i think it has reached a very unhealthy extreme where people ca n't enunciate reasonable positions without fear of repurcussions . 
  but no , i do n't blame any of these people personally , but stifling discourse on important topics is a very bad thing . 
  the craziest thing about this article is the people who are petrified of being called right wing . 
  great britain . 
  the uk is destroying the rest of europe in gold and total medals . 
  deal with it . 
  do you guys have deposit insurance ? 
  generally , you are correct , i just do n't see why one would expose themselves to unnecessary risk . 
  there could be a situation where db depositors are treated worse than the rest of the sector . 
  i would n't even know how they would go about tracking down danish descendants . 
   ( besides my money is there ... ) move it !, 
  na , i german guy told me that we all run straightpipes . 
  you must be wrong . 
  apparently they are rich and powerful . 
  which sounds kind of strange , because i always thought it was the poorest people that immigrated in the late 1800s . 
  [ american danish ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/danish-pastry-spiral-15363603.jpg ), 
  it 's completely illegal , and you will get fines and criminal charges . 
  just like with vw , it 's a federal crime for a consumer or mechanic shop to disable any emissions controls . 
  it is also usually a state crime . 
  i appreciate the thought . 
  things have been very good for us since we came to the us , so it all worked out . 
  btw , as jewish kid i was taught about poles helping jews , and how their are more poles among the `` righteous of the nations '' than any other nationality . 
  no one here ( jewish or not ) think the poles did the holocaust , we know that the poles did not collaborate , and resisted . 
  i 'm sorry that poles got upset with obama , and i understand it , but that was just a linguistic mistake . 
  he does n't think that , and the american people do n't think that . 
  i wish more poles knew that . 
  my family fled austria , russia , prussia and romania bc tey were persecuted for being jewish . 
  people did n't love them . 
  yeah , to reverse engineer the cheat . 
  yes , they have much stricter carbon emissions standards . 
  but i 've had people on here tell me that everyone in the us is rolling coal . 
  you would have to look up nox and particulate standards in the eu and us . 
  i did it awhile back , but i recall it was pretty hard to find the actual numbers . 
  bmw and mb were thoroughly tested after all this , and easily passed . 
  due to the expensive urea system , as you noted . 
  wow , thanks for posting that . 
  disassemble them and send them here , we could use some history . 
  i 'd love to live in an old french church . 
  german criminal investigation , nice . 
  i was primarily thinking about fines from regulators , anything on that ? 
  maybe it is a bit `` out there . '', 
  https://www.quora.com/is-it-true-that-the-15-biggest-ships-in-the-world-produce-more-pollution-than-all-the-cars https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2009/apr/09/shipping-pollution, 
   the california watchdog and the u.s. 
  environment protection agency opened an investigation into volkswagen in may 2014 , according to letters published friday . 
  talks between the parties went on for several months , with vw trying to replicate the west virginia university results . 
  ** the company said it had identified the reasons for the higher emissions and proposed a fix . 
  that resulted in a recall of nearly 500,000 u.s. vehicles in december to implement a software patch . 
  ** the california agency continued to test vw cars after the recall began . 
  it was concerned that real-world road tests could n't confirm that the software patch was working . 
  sure enough , nitrogen oxide emissions were still in violation of california and u.s. laws . 
   at the same time , regulators were considering whether to certify vw 's 2016 models for sale -- a routine process for most automakers . 
  regulators said they would n't approve the cars unless the company resolved the questions about real-world tailpipe pollution . 
  vw engineers continued to suggest technical reasons for the test results . 
  none of the explanations satisfied regulators , who indicated the models would n't be certified . 
  ** `` only then did vw admit it had designed and installed a defeat device in these vehicles in the form of a sophisticated software algorithm that detected when a vehicle was undergoing emissions testing , '' the epa said in its letter to vw friday . 
  ** http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-19/volkswagen-emissions-cheating-found-by-curious-clean-air-group can you please show me what is being done in the eu with regard to vws environmental crimes ? 
  i have n't seen much at all . 
  i have a lot of talents . 
   you are severely overestimating us law and underestimating everyone else 's . 
  then why is nothing being done to vw about this massive fraud that has injured the health of many europeans with particulates ? 
  you went off the deep end by connecting presidential elections/nsa to corporate malfeasance . 
   well , they most likely thought `` everyone else is getting away with it , and in a fair society we will not be damaged or everyone else is going down with us '' . 
  they miscalculated if they thought they would get away with it like everyone else , that would pretty much be normal . 
  what was so egregious about this was the continued denials and lies after they got caught , it 's unheard of . 
  there was no way to fool the epa after it was brought to their attention by independent research . 
  they kept lying without any real plan to to `` get away with it '' after they got caught . 
  meh , not a huge deal , but it was enough to annoy a mod . 
  and yes , my original comment was overly broad , and in later comments i whittled down to my concerns over fn and fpo . 
  it was a productive exchange , many people just assumed i was talking about germany . 
   the difference is that the us makes up these obscure figure to protect their own car manufacturers . 
  smog regulations are obscure ? 
  did you ever see denver or la before these regulations ? 
  the sky was brown . 
  kind of like miland and paris last winter . 
   what a joke . 
  look at the per capita emissions of each country and come back to the conversation . 
  except we do n't regulate co2 that much . 
  the point is that what laws we do enact are very strict , and enforced strictly against everyone , not that we have the most protective laws .
