  i have a feeling the real fun has n't even started for diesel makers yet . 
   yes , a coalition in which the one that then had to suck up all of the after effects had no voice in that regard forget the after effects , france did n't even have enough munitions to actually conduct the operation . 
  it 's complicated , there is also ginger beer , which is used to make mixed drinks ( like a dark and stormy ) . 
  na , it 's different . 
   i 'm a lawyer , i know something about those things  then does n't the spanish `` glorifying terrorism '' law that sees people get prosecuted for making jokes about eta bombing from 40 years ago concern you ? 
  that 's an example of how the law can be abused . 
  meh , it 's a helpful comment for people who do n't know polish media . 
  remember when the nazis said jews were the cause of disease ? 
  i ca n't figure out if this paper is intentionally going for that or not . 
  literally using nazi propaganda , impressive . 
  i think he is an undercover german . 
  wow , i think you are my german twin or something . 
  full disclosure , i was a bernie guy ( and an independent like him ) , and i had a massive blow out with my mother in law after the election . 
  she literally would not attribute one iota of blame to hillary . 
  so it really cracked me up when i recently saw a 1991 clip of bill and hillary on the arsenio hall show ( when bill played the saxaphone ) , and arsenio asked hillary if it was true the campaign had directed her to lower her profile because she was so unpopular . 
   the us needs less passion and more cold analysis in its politics . 
  yes !!!, 
  i 've basically given up on any political discussion because people just shout out each other , and never listen . 
  recently we went to a friends house for the weekend , and the wife was home before my friend got there . 
  she was a very early trump supporter , and lifelong r . her father is a self made man ( unlike trump ) who came from nothing and now owns a massive company that employs hundreds of people . 
  so she though trump would be great for biz people , she is n't some kind of religious right person ( they live in new jersey ) however , she is intelligent enough and moderate enough to be realistic and is totally disgusted with trump , and totally admits she overlooked so many warning signs . 
  so we had a nice discussion and she said `` wow , i have n't had a discussion where no one had entrenched and unchangeable views for so long . '', 
  and i realized i had n't either , sad !, 
   and you know what ? 
  the us will come out of this . 
  yes , thank you , that was the second prong of my fight with my mother in law . 
  her and my sister and law were straight up saying that it was just a matter of months until trump starts up death camps for jews , blacks , hispanics . 
  i asked if they had any faith in the constitution , scotus , congress , and they said no . 
  now do n't get me wrong , we have a shit show going on , but it is n't anywhere near the point of state sponsored and organized genocide . 
  and what really pissed me off is that my sister in law was a very high ranking attorney in the general counsel 's office of a fortune 50 corporation . 
  they shut up about that once scotus struck down the first travel ban . 
  i do hope we will come out stronger . 
  it 's saddening to me to see that hardcore trump supporters would follow him no matter what , but i can at least admit that there are people on the other side who do the same for hillary . 
  on the bright side , it shows that a dangerous populist can not gin up the support of a large percentage of the population , and that he ca n't even get much done . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  she was seen as this hardcore outspoken feminist , and would make controversial statements all the time . 
  remember , this was in the era of g.h. 
  bush criticizing the simpsons . 
  but she is crazy , and i just looked her up , and now she has really gone off the deep end : http://www.thedailybeast.com/how-roseanne-barr-abandoned-all-reason-and-embraced-the-alt-right so it was n't just about the anthem . 
  i 've seen a bunch of times where people forget lyrics , lose their voice , sound awful , etc. 
  and the crowd will usually help them and cheer them on . 
  this was taken as a bad person who they already hated being disrespectful . 
  the point about energy security makes this even crazier . 
  why is europe not leading in electric car development then ? 
  electricity generation by green methods is already somewhat of an established industry in europe , electric cars could dovetail with that development . 
  instead , the focus is on imported diesel !, 
  lol , i remember that . 
  that was a long time ago , i 'm not sure there would be the same reaction today . 
  also , roseanne was hated by a lot of people already , so it was a great excuse to pile on . 
  yeah , i honeslty feel that charlie hebdo falls into that category . 
  it 's funny you say that about being funny , they have this series called `` the history of comedy '' on cnn , and they had an episode on offensive comedy , like 9/11 jokes right after it happened . 
  the comedians basically said the more offensive the material , the funnier it has to be . 
  you can makes jokes about the wrongest thing possible , as long as its hilarious . 
  yeah , it 's pretty sad , and it happens to a lot of people on both sides of the political spectrum . 
  my wife 's mother is a hardcore hillary supporter who hated obama back in ' 08 . 
  if there was a video of hillary murdering and eating a baby and then a sworn affidavit by hillary saying `` i hate babies and murdered and ate this one out of pure hatred '' she would find some twisted way to defend it . 
  same with my wife 's old boss and trump . 
  i refuted many of his statements in a very reasonable way , and he had no counter-proposals , but refused to modify his positions in anyway . 
  it 's just sad , people internalize their opinions into a major part of their identity , and will actively tune out all information to the contrary , and only look for confirmation , as you have stated . 
  what really pisses me off is that so many think they are true `` patriots '' because of their opinions , even though the positions they hold hurt their country/society . 
  they are loyal only to themselves/their party , which is as far as a patriot as you can get . 
  you know , like how colluding with russian spies is not being a traitor if the russians help your side . 
  you be you bro , it 's ok take the feelings of others into account . 
  you do n't have to go full dutch . 
  there are thousands and thousands of examples of people taking the onion seriously . 
  in english verbiage , `` public '' media is state funded , `` state '' media is straight up propaganda like nk outlets . 
  you just missed the sarcasm of your countryman ... 
  no state media , only l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  / s edited for / s, 
   i really think that the joke is a bit too sensitive a subject for such a cheap shot . 
  so i read that and said `` hey , this guy is n't dutch ! '', 
  and then i hovered over your flair , and i was right . 
  where is the outrage though ? 
  [ are people aware how bad the air they are breathing is ? 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/12/science/who-says-europe-trails-us-in-reducing-air-pollution.html ) what about milan and paris last winter ?? 
  on the post about chlorinated chicken ( which has no ill health effects ) it was all `` do n't poison me ` murica !!! '', 
  but i do n't see much complaining about all the harm from particulates . 
  if anything , the complaints i see here are more about how in the us vw owners are compensated , but not in europe . 
  obviously this sub is not representative of europe writ large , but i do n't really see any outrage in the euro media i consume . 
  is there any ? 
  i see tons of outrage about climate change , which is good , but why not about the immediate harm of particulates ? 
  i read that 1200 extra people will die in europe from vw cheating alone . 
  imagine what the number will be when all the other automakers are added in , or what would have been if diesel was n't promoted ? 
  thousands and thousands . 
  the german government/auto industry was behind the entire thing . 
  it benefits them , not anyone else , and the rest of the european car makers were forced to jump on the bandwagon . 
  i think we 'll be seeing a lot of dirt coming to light soon . 
  absolutely, 
  it 's not unreasonably strict for california , their geography causes ridiculous smog . 
  dry desert air , microclimates , etc. 
  there would often be inversions trapping all the particulates for extended periods of time . 
  denver is similar . 
  i do n't know , i do n't get the hysteria . 
  i live 20 minute drive from an old shitty nuke plant that is built on a geological fault and has had small leaks and other issues . 
  there have always been some people against it , and it will be shut down soon , but it 's not really a big topic of conversation . 
  when i was very little , we lived 5 minutes away , and i have friends who still do . 
  risking your life for your country is patriotic in and of itself . 
  does n't mean you have to wave flags or sing songs . 
  california is also a global influence , sv and hollywood . 
  no , your english is pretty much perfect .
