  some concept , but i believe the state could do whatever it wished in the name of the public good . 
  but i guess that is different than another citizen taking your stuff . 
  like my underwear . 
  you might need a break from / r/blackpeopletwitter . 
  that sounds more like anarchy . 
  how about us/canada does a cut and paste of baltic state borders with half in the us and half in canada , and we gave you the land no strings attached for your own countries ? 
  it 's not like we do n't have plenty of open space . 
  then you would n't have to listen to pacifist western euros telling gyou that you are paraoid anymore . 
  well , i guess criticism could be considered premature , but this article is about schulz saying he would n't ever go to 2 % . 
  so you are saying spain and italy should also catch a lot of criticism ? 
   i do n't really understand why honestly , because the germans have cash on hand , and italy and spain are broke as fuck . 
  umm, 
  holy shit , these people have japanese genitalia for faces . 
  paris has a very high density , higher than than nyc . 
   mrglglglglglgl how does one pronounce this ? 
  that one from the movie brooklyn . 
  yeah , that 's typical for the area . 
  i can assure you that i do not live in a 8000 sq. 
  foot mansion on 5 acres like half my town does . 
  we are on your pattern , with nyc being twice the size of la , but since we have so much area , it does n't have the same effect . 
  pawling is about an hour north of me , beautiful area !, 
  yup !!!, 
  when my friends from the uk visited , they thought they were in the deep wilderness , lol . 
  ha , when i was in ireland i heard that is what dublin was known as . 
  [ it 's called that here sometimes ] ( http://parks.westchestergov.com/v-e-macy-park/great-hunger-memorial ), 
  i live in an area where people have homes on 3-5 acres , there are forest preserves and protected reservoirs , and commute to downtown nyc daily . 
  similar to france , no ? 
  i have n't been to tokyo , but manhattan is significantly more dense and crowded than central london . 
  you might want to visit here as a way to go up another increment before tokyo . 
  same with us . 
  probably a bit more to do with being cheap than open spaces . 
  well , i sure as hell hope they do n't vote for le pen . 
  sorry , i do n't understand . 
  jews did or did not vote for orangeman ? 
  do n't leave us op . 
  plenty of people are doing very well , and if op has been working here for 15 years , he may very well be one of them . 
  i 've been there , it 's awesome . 
  they have been a lot of attacks in germany . 
  everyone likes you , seriously . 
  yeah , i know why some like her , but they must be in quite the shit situation to do that . 
  actually there is a thread about how well she is doing with gays , and apparently she is doing ok with jews . 
  as a person with a jewish background , i ca n't even imagine choosing her , but i guess my life is easier than it is for french jews . 
  not good for the jewish vote . 
  na bruh , he lives 10 minutes from my house . 
  need him for local stats . 
  my county is down to only 6 billionaires since david rockefeller died . 
  soros is immortal , so i think we 'll be at 6 for awhile . 
  yes , i remember that , awful . 
  i was trying to ask him about the people he personally knows though . 
  yes , but by this point a strong sense of identity has become ingrained in irish-american culture . 
  maybe because those are catholic countries where they were not repressed . 
  are they being harassed and assaulted ? 
  best skyline i 've seen posted in this sub . 
  phones did not work , that was the entire problem . 
  and back then , desktop was the only way to send an email . 
  yes , he got messed up from seeing the bodies hit the ground . 
  my other friend with him moved to cali after . 
  well , i saw worse close up , a friend who was at my bday party the week before did n't make it . 
  the parents kept calling his roommate to see if he heard anything . 
  it sucked . 
  it was awful , but obviously tons of people had a much worse say than me . 
  my brother and my friend were in a building next to the wtc on 9/11 , seeing the people jump really screwed them up . 
  my friend moved to california for 2 years , and my brother will never talk about it at all . 
  hope your sister wo n't have any issues like that . 
  on 9/11 i had no idea my brother was still alive until 6pm ( he worked next door ) , it was brutal . 
  this feature would have been very helpful . 
  this fucking sucks . 
  very interesting . 
  basically the reason i thought , it 's not just bribes . 
  that 's really shitty . 
  i was picturing those awful brutalist buildings in paris and london . 
  i guess we should ask him , though you would probably know better than me . 
  yeah , i 've since talked to enough people to discover that my ex 's parents were pretty much insane . 
  they would n't let their son study far away enough to become an architect , so he had to settle for electrical engineering or the like . 
  they also freaked out when my ex and i went on vacation alone together and we were 25 . 
  honestly , it kind of worked out ok for her , she is a primary school teacher , and i believe they do quite well . 
  even saw a post today saying they make $ 51k a year , which is probably not bad for living in a small village . 
  the shame is that she is a very smart girl who lived in london , berlin , washington dc and nyc . 
  oh well , we were too young anyway . 
  this is ancient history really . 
  rich people ? 
  i assumed he was talking about all the crappy apartment buildings put up throughout europe after the war ... 
  and then you have those super conservative folks that freak out if their children leave their village , like my ex 's parents . 
  i 'm not bitter at all . 
  til siberia is part of europe . 
   is there more context self hatred . 
  turkey ? 
  people have to live somewhere, 
  that 's really not enough info to determine , and it also covers national monuments , such as the statue of liberty , i have no doubt that tons of brits go there . 
  you misunderstood , i 'm not saying no brits come here , i 'm saying they do n't seem to come here for the outdoors . 
  that 's just anecdotal from visiting national parks my whole life . 
  yeah , you 're right about that , been to the middle of nowhere in wales ( where complete strangers helped me pick magic mushrooms and gave me some ) , cardiff , brighton , bournemouth , bath , salisbury and a ton of other places that were more friendly than london . 
  that 's kind of complicated . 
  first off , i went to study in london in the 90s , before the intertubes were that useful , and went with the expectation that everyone would be in a top hat , and wearing a monocle . 
  obviously i was in for a shock . 
  as for individuals , i 've met lots of great english folks , and i 'm still friends with the english guys i studied with 20 years ago . 
  met nice english people over here too . 
  in the larger context of day to day living , i did find the english to be a bit cold and distant . 
  i 'm from the nyc area , not some goober from the south , but londoners make ny'ers look warm and cuddly !, 
  i 'd guess that most continentals would probably be fine with that , but i personally felt much more at home in ireland , with the chit chat and all that .
