   so far , so straightforward : any law student could tell you that the uk parliament is sovereign , and this means that , unlike in the united states , no court , including the supreme court , can strike down legislation passed by parliament . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/law/2011/jan/27/supreme-court-parliamentary-sovereignty parliament is not tasked with the protection of the human rights of its citizens , it may do as it sees fit . 
  is the uk not a democracy ? 
  people in some states went to the polls and voted in a state constitutional amendment banning gay marriage . 
  how was that not the will of the people ? 
   democracy , or democratic government , is `` a system of government in which all the people of a state or polity ... are involved in making decisions about its affairs , typically by voting to elect representatives to a parliament or similar assembly , '' as defined by the oxford english dictionary . 
  [ 1 ] democracy is further defined as ( a  `` government by the people ; especially : rule of the majority ( b  '' a government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised by them directly or indirectly through a system of representation usually involving periodically held free elections . '', 
  : - / you are right , i ca n't apply our experience here to that . 
  here , if you are a loon , you did your own grave by being allowed to spout off whatever you want . 
  there is no chance of westboro baptists or the kkk inspiring some kind of mass movement . 
  on the other hand , if people still think a populist/authoritarian wave will occur in europe if speech restrictions are lifted , that is kind of frightening from my perspective . 
  usually unrestricted extremist language causes people to marginalize themselves . 
  in this very sub , the majority of europeans have said again and again that their national id is more important than their european id . 
  it does n't mean they are jingoistic fascists . 
  i think it 's sad for both sides , and the law is ridiculous . 
  i hate nazis , but i 'm not going to support speech restrictions just to spite them . 
  i agree with you 100 % , you can see my other comments . 
  but it is anti-democratic to have a judge overturn the will of the people . 
  but that does n't mean it 's bad , that is how you protect rights . 
  the downvoters seem to think democracy always = good . 
  just merkel . 
  say it to a brit flaired user . 
  then we can call the police on you . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  excuse me , but i was very threatened by her hashtag , being a white male and all . 
  bless those brave police who gave her a summons for giving me such a bad fright . 
  uk is n't in the eurozone . 
  you do understand that there is not one elected judge in the entire federal government , right ? 
  all judges are supposed to be impartial , though there are different schools of interpretation over here , which result in different outcomes . 
  just because something is `` anti-democratic '' does n't necesarrily mean it 's bad . 
  when gay marriage was made legal by the supreme court for the entire country , it overruled state laws and constitutions that banned gay marriage . 
  5 judges overruled direct participation of the people to vote for a gay marriage ban in many instances . 
  that is not democratic , but it 's the way to protect the rights of minorities . 
  greeks had it the worst , but was n't all of the eurozone operating under austerity ? 
  under the common law , trial judges find the law as well ( i work for judges irl ) . 
  our higher appellate courts are empowered to set precedent through their interpretation of the law , which may be more broad than the powers of judges in civil law jurisdictions . 
  yeah , i never heard of unelected judges , i mean i donated a lot of money to scalia for his run for supreme court . 
  democracy means the active involvement of the people either directly , or through their representatives ( generally speaking ) . 
  that is n't how constitutional courts work , nor should they . 
  i 'm all for judicial independence , judges protect people 's rights against invalid laws passed by the legislative bodies through the democratic process . 
  granted , i do n't know how democratic the ec is , but i 'd hope it is somewhat democratic . 
  all that bullying from merkel did it , they said so in their letters . 
  judges interpret how the law is applied . 
  they make law , but not laws . 
  great points !, 
  that was after he had experience as governor of california though . 
  trump has no governmental experience . 
  wow , your news is the same as ours . 
  would you be saying the same if 1 citizen managed to get a very popular law overturned ? 
  man , that is scary . 
  if there is no mainstream , reasonable party that can voice anti-migration policies , more and more folks will go extremist . 
  you calling them nazis figuratively or literally ? 
  germany is apparently trying to prevent populism by ignoring it altogether . 
  that will work well . 
  yeah , decisions from high courts are not `` democracy . '', 
  you may like the result , and the result may lead to more `` democracy , '' but you are dealing with unelected judges . 
  can you translate a polish person pretending to speak french in english ? 
  i 'm not familiar with that dialect . 
  wow , that bird is a punk ass . 
  i work in the city , live in the ` burbs . 
  i hate pigeons too , but at least they fly away . 
  on the trails near me , the geese shit up a storm and are nasty mofos . 
  i have show these fuckers what 's up and embarrass them in front of their chicks . 
  never actually hit them of course , just scare the crap out of them . 
  i 'm sure they would attack kids . 
  looks like you are right . 
  in ny you can shoot 5 a day in september . 
  sign me up !, 
  yes , best get a bird lawyer . 
  it 's actually kind of hard to be a teacher in ny anyway , but it still is n't do respected . 
  but i know gym teachers who are making 120k a year with the summer off . 
  where the fuck did you go to school ? 
  plenty of teachers are looked down on here in the us as well , especially in urban areas . 
  i grew up in a nice suburb , for the most part my teachers were great . 
  just do n't include suicides , it 's so annoying . 
  you are violating treaties concerning migratory birds . 
  mounties gon na come get you son . 
  i love kolsch , great summer beer . 
  gose is even better . 
  it 's chilled , maybe not as cold as a piss pilsner . 
  if you are stupid enough to say something like that under your real name on fb , you deserve to be fired for being stupid . 
  that is a bit of an overstatement . 
  is n't the uk cute , playing with his rubber ducky and toy ships ? 
   and get punched in the face . 
  sounds like a good atmosphere for open and honest debate . 
  i really should n't post from mobile . 
  sorry about that . 
  mass shootings . 
  yep . 
  benz and audio use uera here . 
  we are n't big into diesel anyway . 
  you guys have taken many of them in as refugees , that was nice if you do n't even like them . 
  cosiuzco ( sp ) is the symbol of our cooperation . 
  that guy 's name is on bridges all over the country . 
  country : usa favorite neighbor : canada least favorite neighbor : russia, 
  lol . 
  why ? 
  i bought a car from a ukrainian fmaily , they were so nice . 
  also some really hot ukrainian chicks in nyc . 
  they have nice cows .
