  that is the place to be . 
  but yeah , registration made me feel sick , felt like actual oppression . 
  ok , so i guess you do support self-determination . 
  and yes , i know there are distasteful people in the ukraine government , i do n't think anyone denies that . 
  though it is a small majority . 
  i 'm jewish , i 'm no fan of anti-semitic fascists . 
  the surprise attack was when soldiers without insignia and with russian equipment , some of whom admitted being from russia , engaged in a military intervention , which was then joined by troops from sevestapol . 
  how do you keep ignoring this ? 
  i bought all my fun guns before 1994 , and do n't have the paperwork , i pretty much had to register them since i 'm an attorney and could lose my license or have them confiscated . 
  if you have paperwork , you get a small fine and can then register . 
  shame that i lost my 75 round drum and 30 round banana mag fishing . 
  sucks . 
  nyc has had gun control since well before the civil war , it is totally ingrained . 
  the law has been challenged many times , and it always is upheld . 
  i 'm guessing chicago tried to pass restrictions on their own , without the state . 
  in ny , all these laws are passed by the state , and they just let the city administrate it . 
  there is n't a huge ( or at least successful ) gun lobby in the rest of the state to oppose it . 
  i would n't doubt they try to confiscate `` assualt weapons . '', 
  if they start doing that , i 'll have to inform them that mine fell off a boat . 
  unlike you , i can admit when my country does something wrong . 
  so yes , we took hawaii in a bad way , but that was a long time ago . 
  we had slavery too , so i guess that means you can do lots of bad things , because it is hard to do worse than that . 
  but i 'm not sure what things from so long ago have to do with today . 
  when you grant all the non-russians independence from moscow , then you can talk about self-determination . 
  but you seem to only like self-determination for russians . 
  and hell , if you wanted it to seem legitimate , at least levy sanctions against ukraine and promote your cause for awhile instead of just launching a surprise attack . 
  no one would like it , but it would appear more reasonable at least . 
  unless western propaganda was n't reporting that the ukranian regime was confiscating all russian babies for food . 
  damned zionist media . 
  or maybe there were death camps they covered up too . 
  also , i never heard that they hate germans . 
  i thought the problem was that they collaborated with germans . 
  it 's not for canada to decide if the people of maine are persecuted . 
  also the fact that you would say it is legitimate because there is a russian naval base in sevastapol makes no sense . 
  the us has maintained a naval base at gitmo in cuba since 1898 , i guess we can just take over the island since our marines are there already . 
  this has nothing to do with anti-russian propaganda , it has to do with taking land from a sovereign nation . 
  i 'm not even sure how that is in anyway debatable . 
  i 'm sure there are many non-russians in the caucasus and other former soviet republics that feel like they are persecuted . 
  let them leave russia if you care so much about self determination . 
  why did you fight the chechens ? 
  let them be free . 
  oh , right 95.5 % of chechens voted to be part of russia , i believe that . 
  anyway , i 'm hardly anti-russian , i live in nyc , there are tons of ruissians here . 
  my coworker in this very room is russian . 
  my best friend married a russian . 
  where my grandmother lives in brooklyn there are no signs in english , only russian . 
  it is easy to like the russian people , and dislike annexation . 
  yeah , we have stupid laws , and nyc 's laws make are nuts . 
  i lived in nyc for 10 years , but kept my rifles in storage out of the city . 
  that being said , we do have a lot of density , so there is some reason for it i suppose . 
  every time the cops shoot , they hit innocent bystanders . 
  there is no 2nd amendment in this city . 
  understands sarcasm , may have genetic material from poland . 
  checks out . 
  ny is exceptionally stupid , because the law is applied differently in every single county . 
  if i lived 30 min north to another county , they would run a background check and do all the state requirements in days , and i would be issued a concealed carry . 
  that permit would let me carry in every single county besides the 5 boroughs of nyc . 
  yup . 
  have to fill out an application , wait over a year to meet with a lieutenant in the county police , then wait to meet with a judge months later . 
  it is also virtually impossible to get a concealed carry permit . 
  i did n't say hungary or czech do n't have a right to do so , it 's just that the rest of the eu is all about the sanctions . 
  kind of goes against the `` unified eu '' thing that people talk so much about . 
  you are totally missing the point , which must be willful blindness . 
  i know kruschev gave crimea to ukraine , but it was done completely legally under the laws of the soviet union . 
  i also agree that most people there want to be part of russia and voted that way , but that is not the point at all . 
  russia invaded a sovereign nation , that is the point . 
  if maine wanted to be part of canada , it would still be illegal and ridiculous for canada to simply send troops in and take it over . 
  even if the people of maine voted to be part of canada after . 
  that is n't anything but war . 
  now do you understand ? 
  i 've never seen anyone completely overlook the invasion . 
  and if this your theory , you need to annex more land , because there are other people in ukraine who consider themselves russian . 
  go for it . 
  umm , because russian troops invaded another country and occupied it and then made it part of russia . 
  that is quite literally the definition of annexation . 
  yup . 
  this is all true , but i venture to say that the northern irish unionists are far more religious than most in the netherlands ( outside your bible belt maybe ) . 
  while your royals and some members of parliament may regurgitate religious dogma , my perception is that the same is not true for the dutch public at large . 
  also , i see the dutch as not caring for flashy materialism , nor classicism , which royalty , no matter how humble , would seem to violate . 
  the same goes for the nordic countries . 
  but i suppose that the monarchy in these countries is seen as a harmless tradition at worst . 
  still , i 'm surprised it has continued . 
  fun fact [ orange county , ny ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orange_county,_new_york ) , which is an hour drive north of nyc , is named afer william of orange . 
  you mean unionists ? 
  royalty just seems antithetical to everything i know about the dutch . 
  especially if they are religious . 
  went to seattle on vacation , can confirm . 
  he 's from texas . 
  i 'm quite surprised a european country manufacturers landmines , and another bought them . 
  i thought we were the only `` western '' country to use them . 
  hope the families of the victims are doing the best that can be expected . 
  she was a proud valenciana catalan , no doubt , but i think anyone would get annoyed when people make fun of your country when you are n't in it . 
  the armada thing was at thanksgiving and it was me and my dad making fun of her . 
  poor girl . 
  at least she did n't take it literally like a german . 
  anyway , she was a great person , i ca n't say one bad word about her . 
  she was gorgeous too . 
  not bad at all !, 
  well i meant it was cheaper than going in the summer , especially for flights and hotels . 
  also , i live in nyc , it 's effing expensive here , i 'm used to it .
