  polandball is comprised of europeans with a sense of humor . 
  that is not the same as this sub , though there is some overlap . 
  uh , we do n't really demonize immigrants here . 
  you may hear angst over illegal immigration , but we love anyone who comes here legally and works hard . 
  no matter where they are from . 
  moose do n't move for no car . 
  i think you saw a misspelling , nj is actually the garbage state . 
  those are for new mcmansion developments in places like las vegas , or some places in the south . 
  they are non-existent is most places , certainly in the nyc metro where i live . 
  we do of course have strict zoning ordinances , but that is put in place by elected officials , and is for safety , not just appearances . 
  if someone moves somewhere with an hoa , they need to deal with it , it was their choice . 
  i 'd never live somewhere with one . 
  my bad , it 's not something i normally do . 
  kind of like watching ethnic cleansing in the balkans 50 years after the holocaust ? 
  i 'd like to see europe with a much stronger military capability . 
  it would save us money and give credibility to the eu . 
  the us does not need to be the world police anymore . 
  russia stands to hurt eu economic interests much more than ours , yet we are the ones who are expected to step in . 
  i just do n't see how the eu can be taken seriously if it can not defend itself . 
  and i 'd rather see my tax money go to education and health care instead of bombs and guns . 
  i was just expressing my opinion of you . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , i 'm saying you 're an asshole . 
  over twice as much is a lot . 
  what is the eu avg ? 
  from what i gather , downtown is great , and the rest is nope . 
  you know what would be highly amusing ? 
  if we found a very ignorant irish-american ( not hard to find , amirite ? 
  ) , and have him argue that he is more irish than / u/cyridius . 
  it would be popcorn time . 
  perhaps they do not have the biggest effect on internal politics , but it is pretty damn important to foreign policy . 
  i know , i wish he would use some flair . 
  he 's a swedish poser , had me totally fooled . 
  sf definitely has a major homeless problem . 
  as an ny'er i was shocked and appalled the first time i visited , it was crazy . 
  i 'm shocked there were homeless people in caves . 
  `` hurrr duuur you are n't real irish '' what an asshole . 
  gchq ? 
  circumcision hate . 
  you might need a cohesive military to ensure that . 
  because we suck at dealing with mental illness , reagan shut everything down . 
  and now we have mentally ill mass murderers too . 
  awesome . 
   i 'd take poland over detroit any day i 'm pretty sure most of humanity would take that deal . 
  if you think arms manufacturers in france , germany and the uk are not `` major players , '' you are not paying attention . 
  if you are saying that you should n't be spending half you budget on arms like us , i agree . 
  because circlejerk ? 
  good point , a lot of anima is dubbed . 
  maybe some young children 's show i guess , though i ca n't think of any . 
  but no movies or tv . 
  shit . 
  they are not big on sarcasm ... 
  try being american here . 
  do americans send you msgs on this topic ? 
  are your examples just an illustration ? 
  because americans do n't do anything with dubbing , everything foreign is subtitled . 
  great points . 
  this is why i use bbc for all tv news besides sports and weather . 
  big fan of bbc world service radio as well . 
  why are canadians so much nicer than australians ? 
  you know what i say every time this comes up ? 
  watch hockey . 
  baddest mofos around . 
  hopefully you are watching playing hockey up there . 
  also , i think australian rules football is freaking nuts , tougher than rugby . 
  freedom  commonwealth games . 
  oh man , you were there 4 months , you should have asked / r/beer . 
  i hope you got to try some great stuff from unibroue . 
  pm me if you want any specific recommendations . 
  i read through most of that thread . 
  you are a good humoured chap ( see , i used uk spelling for you ) . 
  please do grab a nice american ipa before you leave the fair nation of canada . 
  i 'm a big british beer fan myself , fullers esb is literal perfection , and meantime london porter kicks ass . 
  lol , i just read your little back and forth . 
  your adversary 's first post was downvoted , which does n't happen too often over there . 
  one lesson i 've learned on reddit is that there are just some morons who can not be reasoned with . 
  this has actually helped me with real life . 
  yeah , but they are just new people who do n't know what 's going on . 
  they are usually quickly told , and they have lots of sidebar links . 
  people really do get very specific about historical events though . 
  if you are wrong , you will get called out . 
  that being said , there was a stretch a few months ago where every single comic was a fairly offensive holocaust thing . 
  after the 30th time , it is n't funny . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i 'm just saying having a strict mod policy does n't inevitably lead to emotionally invested mods running amok . 
  what is the typical german anti-americanism ? 
  i do n't see much of it in / r/europe . 
  maybe they are just being polite . 
  / r/askhistorians is much larger than this sub , and is quite free of drama . 
  there are actually a lot of good conversations there , because you basically are not permitted to take offense . 
  so people get the name calling out of the way , and then can have a constructive conversation . 
  also , the quality posts are fucking hilarious . 
  very informative . 
  thanks . 
  do you think it 's possible there could have been that growth without erdogan ? 
  what was the source of this growth ? 
  of course it was in the us interest . 
  no country does anything that is not in its interest , even if that is giving food to starving people to feel good about yourself . 
  fun fact : i visited the gold room at bretton woods in new hampshire , where the new gold/dollar system was finalized . 
  one of the most important outcomes of the war . 
  then france smashed the bretton woods system by demanding gold from the federal reserve while we ran up viet nam debt .
