  they do here in the us . 
  db got the same treatment as american banks , and what vw did is in a league of its own , i 'd hardly call either bullshit . 
  which actions do you feel need to be punished ? 
  yes , but enough of london is covered in brutalist trash , that not much will be lost if it is done carefully . 
  i do n't know who you hang out with , but these people who are against benefits are against them for everyone except themselves . 
  there is no racial solidarity on that front , these people do not think about anyone else , white or black . 
  they will be more likely to complain about black people though . 
  that 's basically the point of fractional reserve central banking . 
  might be right wing europeans , but not americans . 
  i 've actually seen some germans on reddit say they felt discriminated against in austria . 
  you think a bavarian might discriminate against a northern german looking for an apartment ? 
  yeah , makes sense . 
  trump might try to whip something up about it though . 
  what 's the title of the doc ? 
  mafiosi are much more likely to be prosecuted . 
  thank you !, 
  you can have them , they are broke as fuck !, 
  you may find this interesting https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/threatening_the_president_of_the_united_states, 
  hope you do n't mind a hypothetical question ; but lets say that some how the german law magically changes to remove the incitement against segments of the population bit . 
  calls for violence would still be illegal . 
  what do you believe would happen ? 
  do you think there would be an outpouring of abuse and/or violence ? 
  very impressed with your patience , as well as your arguments . 
  would you know of any cases/compilation of cases i would be able to look at ? 
  or even academic materials on it . 
  i ca n't read german , but google translate might be enough to get by . 
  perhaps it 's a habit . 
  do n't tell puerto rico , they will get very upset . 
  we were for a few days . 
  that absolutely has happened in the us with low skilled jobs filled by illegals . 
  which is how we get wage stagnation and trump . 
  umm , i do n't really give a shit what color or background people have as long as they fit in with our society ( which of course is not taking place in europe right now ) . 
  i have brown friends that were born to ecuadorian parents , and who are now doctors and lawyers . 
  why would i not want them here ? 
  we absolutely should stop illegal immigration , but the legal people we get are absolutely a benefit . 
  i 'd like to know what the economic consequences of paying pensions via pure fiat from central banks would be . 
  if you have a declining population , it 's not going to spark inflation . 
  of course germany would be the last country to ever go that route . 
  zip it bud . 
   how a country so well educated and wealthy can be so utterly delusional is what astonishes me more than anything else . 
  i 'm not trying to pile on the germans here , but it reminds me of their acceptance of homeopathy . 
  it has been completely debunked ( besides the placebo effect ) , yet it is covered by health insurance . 
  will the people even be able to work , according to this article , that wo n't even happen . 
  but when ? 
  or he was just lying ... 
  the fact that people were even spouting it as propaganda is insane . 
  people who genuinely want to help people is one thing , selling it as an economic benefit is ridiculous . 
   where am i supposed to get my weed from now ? 
  california , oregon , colorado , washington , maine , massachusetts . 
  probably found some startups as well . 
  awful . 
  germany kicked out most of the yugo refugees after the war ended , has the netherlands done the same ? 
   initially , the influx of so many working-age , highly-motivated immigrants spurred optimism that they would mitigate germany 's acute skills shortage and solve the demographic crisis posed by its dangerously low birth rate . 
  dieter zetsche , chief executive of carmaker daimler , said the refugees could lay the foundation for the `` next german economic miracle '' . 
  one of the most delusional things i 've ever heard . 
  just like europe varies , so do we . 
  wtf . 
  does the uk have the red cross ? 
  over here they help anyone put out by fire . 
  hey , hey , i ai n't no brit . 
  i 'm starving and making no sense here , but you are right . 
  to me a token is a meaningless thing thrown in to shut someone up , but since this deprives people of rights , i ca n't consider it a token . 
  just semantics . 
   the religious stuff you quote is mostly non religious anymore . 
  it 's more about tradition than actually believing or practising christianity . 
  non-christians will still feel excluded , i know i would . 
  now , there is nothing wrong with that per se , but it 's probably not helping muslims feel like a part of society . 
   civil partnerships in germany are marriages in all but name i 'm surprised to hear this all the time on this sub . 
  here in ny state we had civil unions for a long time , but it was agreed that it was discriminatory to gay people , and it denied them the dignity of equality . 
  gay marriage was passed by the legislature prior to the scotus ruling . 
   he us , on the contrary , allowed gay marriage only because the supreme court said it clashed with the spirit of the constitution . 
  i find hard to imagine a scenario where the issue is put at a vote nationwide and support for gay marriage wins over its ban . 
  many states had gay marriage before scotus put it in the whole country . 
  i have no problem that scotus forced the issue , that is the point of scotus and our consititution . 
  i do n't give a shit if 80 % of people hate gay marriage , the rights of minorities must be respected , we do n't respect only the will of the people , we respect rights no matter how unpopular . 
  btw , it looks like it would pass a referendum : http://www.pewforum.org/2016/05/12/changing-attitudes-on-gay-marriage/ anyway , as a new yorker who has religion playing no role in his life , and does n't know anyone who does ( beyond traditional crap like funerals and weddings ) it just gets annoying to hear people going on about how i live under christian sharia . 
  whoops , everyone agreed it 's a token to the christians who care . 
  i was surprised that others did not seem to think it was important . 
  you did n't , other people in this thread have said that civil unions in germany are just about equal to marriage , so it 's not a big deal . 
  new york state had civil unions for a long time before the state legislature passed a gay marriage statute . 
  the reasoning was that you are denying people the dignity of equality . 
  is it better than nothing , yes . 
  it 's still insulting and discriminatory . 
  we have lots of hillbillies , but they can gay marry each other . 
  does ireland and poland debating abortion irritate you ? 
  do have some austrian and prussian jews is my ancestry , but i do n't know if that counts as german ... 
  it 's a marketing ploy that infringes on people 's rights . 
  that 's disgusting . 
  the south and part of the midwest are painfully religious , it 's true , but not the whole country . 
  i only pointed out italy bc your flair , but germany has no gay marriage bc their christian parties , in ireland the catholic church runs public education and baptized catholics are given preference for a seat , no abortion , the uk has a state religion lead by its head of state and religion is taught in public schools . 
  countless other examples as well . 
  the people are more religious in the us , but we do n't have all this official religious stuff that goes on in europe . 
  as a non-christian , i 'd find many of the things listed above as oppressive . 
  seems a bit more important than a token to me . 
  looks very similar to maine in the us . 
  sorry bub , we are going to have to revoke your citizenship . 
  you automatically revert to british . 
  so / r/toronto has been lying to me ? 
  the blue jays are fake ? 
   they barely make token concessions to maintain their christian voter base not supporting gay marriage is a token ?
