  when i was at the vatican , a group of chinese women in their 60s were walking in front of us . 
  the threw garbage all over the ground and made ridiculous noises and spit everywhere . 
  it was atrocious , i 've never seen anything like it in my life . 
  and i 'm also pretty sure that every country has people that piss each other off . 
  pretty ironic that a guy from flanders would say that . 
  speak the wrong language to a belgian , and watch out !, 
  sweden accepted all the jews from denmark . 
  they did the best they could . 
   it 's annoying , but understandable . 
  i do n't think it 's very understandable , it is extraordinarily ignorant . 
  they do n't even sound the same !!, 
  but i guess we have some ignorant folks :-(, 
  so this is proof that the baguette bit really pisses you guys off , huh ? 
  where i live in ny , it would take me well over a year to even be interviewed to buy a pistol . 
  they made it so hard , most people do n't even try . 
  in rural parts of the state though , it is much easier . 
  there is actually a sub where a french guy is basically trying to set that up . 
  forgot which one , sorry . 
  in english it would be `` the spanish get 8 hours of sleep ; 8 in the day and 8 at night . '', 
  i dated a spanish girl for a very long time , i figured out so many ways to piss her off . 
  bringing up the sinking of the armada would get her , as would `` remember that time we kicked your ass and took your colonies ? '', 
  bullfighting and siesta also pissed her off . 
  i do think saying that there wsa barely any difference between mexico and spain got her the most worked up . 
  same thing happens in / r/nyc . 
  `` what is the best chain restaurant in times sq. ? '', 
  mostly it just gets downvoted to hell , but when people have an interesting question , they get a lot of help . 
  there is / r/asknyc , but no one uses it . 
  as a corollary of this , if you ever want to give someone from the north of england a hard time , say you find it difficult to understand their scottish accent . 
  they get so pissy . 
  what do you call germans ? 
   ask for tourism advice in / r/ireland i 've seen some of those massacres , wow . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure you will make it back to planet krypton one of these days . 
  you guys and hungary , right ? 
  anyone else ? 
  [ they do n't take it , or even get it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/boo4yzk.jpg ), 
  so where did you move to germany from ? 
  what ? 
  i thought all eu populations were post-nationalist brothers . 
  have i been lied to ?!? 
   do you live in the same volcano ? 
  you are very good at this . 
  lol , on the beach . 
  awful . 
  do n't worry , once you get promoted , you will be able to cut carrots in 5 . 
  what do the instructions say ? 
  i like how the woman is naked , convinces me it really is for her neck . 
  the albanian thing would work on italian americans in nyc . 
  the albanians have moved into all their old neighborhoods , especially in the bronx . 
  then they try to portray themselves as italian gangsters . 
  they actually are gangsters , just not italian ones . 
  czech republic recognizes the annexation ?? 
  i do n't know about that , i did a semester in london and we all drank like fiends . 
  now maybe it was our influence , or i was just lucky to rent into some fellow alchies , but we booze it up . 
  still , i agree that college is n't a time to go nuts for everyone in the uk . 
  are you kidding ? 
  before the crisis , the german banks were the biggest purchasers of of american sub-prime rmbs out there . 
  well , i meant soviet style . 
  but yes , i know all about josip tito , a lot of folks who were around when he ruled still love him . 
  why is the country going to shit , the economy ? 
  i 've recently been hanging out with a lot of bosnian folks in ny , so i 'm always learning about the balkans . 
  on friday we are taking our friend out to a croatian restaurant called dubrovnik . 
  yum . 
  you just told an irish person that you are irish . 
  brace yourself . 
  in zagreb , i saw some beat up trams and run down soviet aprtment blocs , but otherwise everything seemed fine . 
  went to split , hvar , zagreb , supetar and some other small towns . 
  we were pretty much the only americans around . 
  lot of old fat germans around in some spots . 
  anyway , it 's a beautiful country , and all the people were super nice to us . 
  we act like animals in college , after that it is different . 
  aww , i want to hug you . 
  hey guis , i found / u/unidan !, 
  i 'm an american that has been to croatia , amaa . 
  i went to croatia , am i cool ? 
  this is the funniest thing i have ever read . 
  are you an animal ? 
  having people hear your fart in public is ridiculous . 
  what kind of animals did you hang out with ? 
  that is not normal at all . 
  we whisper compared to italians , greek and spanish . 
  i 've never heard that , just that their culture is frugal . 
  rochefort is probably my all time favorite , orval is great and so is chimay . 
  guess i 'll order in french . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i should have asked if there are more trappist breweries in walonia or flanders . 
  i agree . 
  i always say spiel myself , thanks deutschland !, 
  thanks for schadenfreude too . 
  no disrespect , but you guys suck at racism compared to many on the continent . 
   danskj\u00e4vel is this a correct translation : danish bastard ? 
  passport for rubles , and the beach too . 
  which is the right language ? 
   nice advice but sadly there are n't many sites that compare to reddit and even if they did they 'd be full of americans because people would have to agree on a common language ( i.e. 
  english ) and the us has the largest english speaking internet user base . 
  i do come here though to get more in touch about european topics with europeans well i honestly do not know what can be done about that . 
  most americans ( not the trolls ) come here to learn what europeans are thinking and to learn things about europe that are n't covered enough in our media . 
  also to interact with europeans . 
  so for us , it is very useful , we can be a bit isolated here in north america . 
  in the long run , i think forums like this will increase understanding across the atlantic , but i guess it can be a bumpy road on the way to that . 
  i 've always heard they are stingy , scots too .
