  three years is not enough . 
  well , it seems that the most of the french/belgian offenders are 2nd/3rd gen , so it might take longer . 
  there have been many , many examples of family members or attackers going to the police before hand in france and belgium . 
  the authorities did nothing . 
  yeah , -20 would be during a cold snap , however 33-35 is pretty common during the summer . 
  sometimes hotter . 
  i think these extremes are part of the reason we are crazy . 
  and nyc is on the ocean , if you go into the middle of the country , it 's even more extreme . 
  wbc spouts hate , but never have engaged in violence , or incited violence . 
  a hell of a lot better than muslim hate-preachers . 
  i think mob violence against the muslim community will happen before internment . 
  the only difference is that the french attacks are usually homegrown , and the german ones are refugees . 
  going to be 35 in nyc today , and we get -20 in the winter . 
  bring it !, 
  haredi, 
  you can still find all that stuff in other subs . 
  not , really , they are synonyms . 
  you could say open wound , which sounds better than open injury . 
  might as well google blue waffle as well . 
  wafflestomps in front of other people ? 
  rough . 
  we 're they using the street for a toilet ? 
  i just said that it could be better than it currently is . 
  and while there was a long term pattern of jewish settlement , i doubt there ever would have been an israeli state without the holocaust . 
  i suppose things would be a lot more simple if all the displaced jews of europe ended up in the us , but they did n't . 
  and then you had most of the jews in arab lands fleeing to israel after 1948 . 
  i do think the expansion of settlements are wrong , but as a person living on former native american land , i 'm not going to sit here and lecture israelis on the existence of their state . 
  likud is awful , netanyahu is awful , but i 'm ok with the existence of the state of israel . 
  ararat turned down quite a good deal . 
  it did n't have to be like this . 
  yes they are . 
  it was just a rumor . 
  split is a good time , huge bottles of beer for so cheap at the port . 
  would you consider going back ? 
  this dude should get some official recognition . 
   you know ... kind of like england did by exiling the inelegant social element to what are now english speaking former colonies . 
  only australia . 
  that 's crazy . 
  i could never visit such a place . 
  were you there for work , or vacation ? 
  you have been modded at / r/murica . 
  and fritzl . 
  where is the queen ? 
  if you get caught kissing someone you are n't married to , do the sharia police go easier on austrians or australians ? 
  there 's that , and people think we have enough of our own problems to address before messing around everywhere else . 
  i 'm not saying every job will be gone , but there will be more automation . 
  probably more from ai than actual robots in the near future . 
  i just took it as a sign of serious societal strife . 
  now . 
  friday will be 35 , sat . 
  will be 36 , then 34 , 34 . 
  and that 's measured in central park in the trees and grass , much hotter on the street . 
  and with awful humidity . 
  and it can get a bit hotter than that . 
  once you launch missiles , wwiii is going down . 
  planes can circle indefinitely , and can be called back . 
  it 's a deterrence method . 
   in the long term we will run out of places to outsource to it will be outsourced to robots . 
  might as well , no one is going to do anything about it . 
  both of you can come here and suffer in brutal heat for 3/4 months , and then freeze for 3/4 , months . 
  i just bought a house . 
  scared to see what my electricity bill is going to be from the ac , and even more scared to see what my oil bill will be in the winter . 
  if things get uglier , i assume we will . 
  the question is where do we move them to ? 
  i would think the pentagon is looking for places already . 
   is turning inward in an increasingly militarized society . 
  i 'd say it 's turning into a more isolationist society . 
  so they are going to invade ? 
  they are in nato bc of their strategic location . 
  we 'll put up with a lot for that . 
  the pentagon/obama have been at it in a more subtle manner for years now . 
  the thing that really set off my spider senses on all this was jews fleeing france . 
  the canaries in the coal mine . 
  a massive conflagration of a war could still stay conventional , or involve a limited nuke exchange . 
  check out tom clancy 's red storm rising . 
  he 's def serious about america first , which i guess is a kind of isolationism . 
  i do n't think we will find out , at least i hope not . 
  that seems to be a step too far into abstraction for trump . 
  right now it is only stupid , if he becomes president , then it will be stupid and dangerous . 
  i actually think germany is a special case in all of this . 
  it 's not threatened by external forces and has a very pacifistic population . 
  but it also hosts most of our forces/facilities , and is a de facto air craft carrier as far as power projection goes . 
  i think a possibly more palatable solution for germany would be to subsidize smaller/poorer nato members purchases of german arms . 
  you 're not wrong , but it still makes sense for us to urge people to live up to their 2 % commitment . 
  i did n't say it was smart to look at it the way trump does , just that is how he looks at it . 
  in a way , it 's healthy for people in europe to hear americans frustrations , so it serves that use at least . 
  and who is to say that some countries ca n't be motivated to spend more ? 
  that 's actually true , until someone sits him down and explained whether or not empire is profitable . 
  he is looking at it like a business deal . 
  he thinks we are getting a bad deal , which we are . 
  he does n't care about the spending aspects . 
  ca n't bring em over there , sorry . 
  indeed , my sister fetched on 6 cats in return for her hand in marriage . 
  granted , she 's a bit of a trollup . 
  any kinds of cat you want , just let me know . 
  we will feed the husband to the dog , and then the dog to the cats . 
  would your parents accept 10 cats in exchange for your sister ? 
  it 's the best i can do . 
  i went to a wedding for some brits in ireland . 
  they had family in ireland , canada , us and australia .
