  edit : i think onlly filming fisting to sell as pornography is illegal , not the actual fisting . 
  same for squirting . 
  u s and a # 1 in quality of violence !, 
  been from kittery to calias on the coast , bridgeton to the west , bangor to ft. kent in the north , and have climbed katahdin 4 times . 
  love it there , but i 've resigned myself to the fate of living in nyc until i can retire . 
  and yeah on the maine coast , had 5 acres to ourselves on the water in south thomaston a few years ago . 
  most peaceful place ever . 
  you gov is def a complete retard !, 
  where you in maine ? 
  i love it up there , and it seem slike there is no crime to me , but people are always going on about drug addicts up there stealing shit . 
  as far as the racial bit , i believe 90 % or so of murders are people killing people of the same race . 
  it 's more the economic/social divisions . 
  the european continent is not secure , there are thousands of ways for the guns to get in . 
  tons of ex-yugo stuff floating around , lots of ee countries had their armories up for auction in the 90s , smuggled in on land and by sea . 
  if millions of people can get into europe by unofficial means , so can some guns . 
  same here . 
  like the british icesave depositors ? 
  enjoy http://nypost.com/2016/01/27/are-these-giant-milkshakes-worth-an-hour-wait-and-1600-calories/, 
  fuck that shit . 
  you are n't too far from colorado . 
  actually he was just saying the jews were the most arrogant people on earth . 
  my friend walked in as i was really getting pissed and dragged me away . 
  gold teeth , hilarious . 
  pretty cool . 
  i do a lot of outdoor oriented vacations , got ta do it before you are a cripple . 
  never done the all inclusive bit . 
  well , you are nicer than me . 
  i 've gotten in a few situations in bars where someone spouts off ignorance , after i 'd consumed many beers . 
  some idiot yelling the n-word in the bronx ( with no black people present ) , idiot in santa fe going on about his `` jew-boy '' boss , and an asshole swiss guy in nyc who was matter of fact going over the various faults of the jewish people . 
  maybe with less beers i would have been calmer , but not much . 
  looks like a good idea to me . 
  denmark has always been good to the jews . 
  you 've seen some shit . 
  that must have been brutal . 
  they have similair displays at the museum in washington dc , i 'm not sure i could deal with auschwitz . 
  all my family ( that we know of ) left europe in the 1880s - 1900 . 
  i just assume that any who stayed behind were murdered . 
  no , i think they had visa free access to 1 or 2 more places . 
  i 'm sure they were evil places . 
  and what did you tell him ? 
  was this social , or in his office ? 
  there are always going to be a few idiots saying ridiculous shit everywhere , but it is uncommon enough that i have never heard it . 
  i bet those gamers also banged yer mum !, 
  i thought he said no boats because it would encourage migrants . 
  well , i would n't say all . 
  i knew a bunch of bosnians who were very anti-nationalist because of the war , but maybe they are the exception . 
  also the fact that the bosnians back home were very resentful of them and tried to mooch off them probably did n't help . 
  i was in ireland this summer , drove from dublin to belfast , and then on routes that crossed the border frequently . 
  besides the signs being in mph , i could not tell much pf a difference . 
  to me , seemed more of a difference between ny and nj . 
  there are n't any signs or anything . 
  i should have mentioned that this albanian moved to ny at a very young age . 
  i guess it 's not surprising that people can bring their beliefs with them . 
  what is surprising to me is that they seem like normal people , then make an insane comment . 
  but i am sheltered , no doubt about it . 
  yup , this is n't a new issue , just larger in scope . 
  the rest of the eu did n't care then , and they still do n't care . 
  you certainly have the navy to to do it with . 
  wow , these theories are quite complicated . 
  new jersey is right next to new york , and it sucks ass . 
  i 'm going to calgary/banff this summer , and hoping to check out pei and nova scotia soon . 
  got ta take advantage of this exchange rate !, 
  actually the chilling thing was that it was just brought up as if talking about the weather . 
  weird . 
  understood . 
  i 'm just saying security/solidarity is more important at this point . 
  very cool !, 
  lol , that was the highlight of your trip ? 
  what were you doing there anyway ? 
  you honestly ca n't make this stuff up . 
  eu has to stop grinding greece into the ground , it 's sickening . 
  i had an christian albanian tell me that any muslims in the balkans are genetically different , because they are turkish rape babies . 
  insane . 
  where did you visit ? 
  i 'm planing on going to calgary/banff this summer , psyched . 
  if you ask me , all the canadians are just fine , even the quebecois !, 
  btw , have you seen how cheap the canadian dollar has gotten ? 
  so cheap to visit . 
  i do n't think that is the point at all . 
  do you have any idea how many canadians go shopping in upstate ny and maine for example ? 
  busloads of canadians come to syracuse every weekend . 
  maine is full of quebecois shopping in the summer . 
  huge tax revunes are generated . 
  i know there have been issues related to timber and fishing , but canadians are a big boost to poorer regions of border states . 
  i 've never heard anyone say that the hijackers came in through canada ... 
  the salt is justified . 
  do you want schengen now ? 
  help greece !!!, 
  this is more important than debt . 
  yeah , i remember the good old days . 
  there is an initiative here to improve the standards of all driver license 's , but states are n't complaint yet . 
  maybe once we get that going , we can work something out with canada . 
  ny ( and a few other states ) issues a `` enhanced driver 's license card '' that you can cross the canadian/mexican border with . 
  do any provinces have anything like that ? 
  do n't you guys have the # 1 passport in the world for this ? 
  what 's so great about manitobans ? 
  it 's not knowing your place , it 's a remnant from the 90s . 
  i 'm guessing the only reason the visas exists was because of illegal immigration from those countries in the 90s ; people coming here on a tourist visa and staying for work . 
  maybe some still come and stay for work . 
  maybe it 's outdated .
