  source : grew up in a town in ny with many wooden houses from the late 18th century . 
  it 's never set at 62 . 
  for large buildings , it can be an engineering issue . 
  the ny times had a whole article on it . 
  it always gets colder than what it is set for , and these huge systems ca n't run lower . 
  or did it ... 
  teh tuareg is very nice . 
  i did say grandparents though :-), 
  not sure your grandparents would have agreed . 
  did n't a huge proportion of people from the azures move to the us ? 
  what were you supposed to learn ? 
  i 'm sure you are aware that there are many `` interesting '' comments about refugees/immigrants in this sub . 
  well he is n't wrong . 
  i could never get this much karma at my old job . 
  like invading belgium . 
   at the height of the riots , several hundred militant right-wing extremists were involved , and about 3,000 neighbourhood onlookers stood by , applauding them . 
  holy shit . 
  i was n't aware of that . 
  wow . 
  i knew about pegida , but not all this arson . 
  scary . 
  people who work insane hours like that usually make tons of money . 
  so he is talking about being rich , not being comfortable . 
  i quit my 80 hour a week job to work for the government . 
  now i work 35 hours a week :-), 
  lol , you clearly learned how to fuck with canadians while visiting !, 
  that anglophone one is out of whack . 
  gramps and his monocle do not belong in the front !, 
  i would have said roll him down the stairs if he was in a wheelchair , but push also works . 
  the fact that he is already in a wheelchair makes this twice as funny . 
  yes i 'm a bad person . 
  i 've never seen any act up in nyc , maybe because it is not cheap to come here . 
  i have n't really seen any foreign tourists act up here , everyone behaves very well . 
  in any event , thanks for not hating us . 
  they think we are suckers for paying taxes . 
   is there anyone else like you in the continental us ? 
  no , the rest are in alaska and hawaii . 
  from what i learned by dating a valencian catalan is that they may hate spain , but they love their town , and their town is the greatest place on earth . 
  i actually liked the pride she had in where she came from . 
  sch\u00e4uble has brought you down to canada 's level . 
  not too bad really , but you should hide that guy somewhere . 
  and the vintners . 
  true , true . 
  ireland and uk would be the most similar in the eu . 
  agree ? 
  i know we played a part in the reunification , but i was n't aware we supported the euro . 
  could you tell me about that , or give me some links ? 
  if we promoted this monstrosity of a currency , we should help pay for greece . 
  thx, 
  they are also fluent in arabic . 
  congratulations on the shit . 
  it 's kind of cute , is n't it ? 
  no one subs anything from le monde . 
  why would countries not even in the eu have any solidarity with greece ? 
  i lived there when it was just the old street tube roundabout . 
  for jeebus sake , that mall massacre alone is enough to put kenya on the radar . 
  as for the downvotes , bc assholes . 
  that is some cynical shit . 
  damn . 
  worst holiday ever . 
  you belong to jobbik , do n't you ? 
  small arms matter in modern warfare . 
  why does infantry all over the planet carry them ? 
   and for the us to easier invade ( insert middle-east county ) now . 
  that 's why i want them out , it will cut down on our adventurism . 
  we are slowly drawing down at least . 
  and people have butchered each other in europe even with us there . 
  kind of sickening what went on in the balkans only 50 years after the holocaust . 
  you would think europeans would not have wanted that to happen again and stepped in to do something about it . 
  please name a realistic scenario for the us being invaded/occupied . 
  not attacked , not nuked , but occupied . 
  ca n't be done , just like it could n't be done to russia , too much space . 
  we are well on our way to energy independence . 
  things have slowed a bit due to the drop in prices , but the reserves are there . 
  the more of our energy we produce , the less we need to have troops around the planet . 
  i do n't see how the human rights of greeks are being protected , their health care system is in free fall . 
  romania , greece , spain , portugal and italy are leaders in the rule of law ?? 
  if you want to say northern europe does those things well , sure , but not the whole eu . 
  and i 'm sorry , there is no excusing what is happening to greece . 
  it can either lead to a compromise and prosperity , or the disintegration of the eu . 
  i think we will know in a year . 
   and a country that is crushed economically can me very dangerous they are n't going to start wars , but brown people and germans visiting greece might want to keep this in mind . 
  the guns are for our own government , not foreign invaders . 
  it 's been the subject of a few corny movies from the '80s . 
  we are happy here , in our splendid isolation , no need for invasions . 
   strangely , where you can find most idealism these days is the eu . 
  you would n't expect such a revival in an old continent full or cynicism . 
  are you being serious ? 
  is it idealistic to grind a small nation into penury ? 
  idealism would be everyone forgiving debt and coughing up money for greece ( with reforms ) in order to promote the european project . 
  that is the ideal of union . 
  if france/germany have a rift , the eu is finished . 
  germany is always in a tough spot with its huge economy . 
  hard not to look like a bully . 
  this article is an outlier though , most media coverage is sympathetic to the greeks . 
  from over here , the whole thing incomprehensible . 
  how can you bankrupt a country you are in a union with ??? 
  thank you for that answer . 
  i think the french/german relationship is about to get interesting . 
  make your voice heard in this sub then !,
