  their should be a multinational joint task-force with ships patrolling . 
  i just do n't understand the logic . 
   so obama can close guantanamo ... no , congress passed a law denying him this right . 
  he is also supposed to give 30 days notice to congress before releasing any detainees , but did not do so with the 5 we just traded for the pow . 
  also , i 'm not sure what that has to do with this thread . 
   in all honesty , i do n't have an idea why italy does not have enough boats/other eu countries do n't offer them boats ... 
  i 'm sure italy has a lot of boats , but this it looks like they are being overwhelmed . 
  but do n't you think a joint taskforce could be used to look like an answer to the european parliament results ? 
  have ships from nations that can afford it intercepting the illegal migrants . 
  it would say `` we heard your concerns , and we are working together to fight the problem . '', 
  that would show that they are listening to the people , and that the eu is actually useful . 
  honestly , if countries can not even work together to defend the borders of a union they all belong to , i do n't think there is much hope . 
  that is a basic function that is to the benefit of all . 
  no free movement for illegal aliens ... 
  i do think it 's awful that italy is not getting much help . 
  i keep seeing people say royalty is profitable , but are there any studies to support this ? 
   then you have missed the point . 
  italian territorial waters are schengen border just as much as the border with ukraine . 
  and the eu contributes to the expenses for its protection . 
  italy is asking for countries to send boats , no one is doing that . 
  that is what i 'm trying to get across here . 
  not that there is no money , or agencies . 
  would the reason that they do not send boats be that if they pick the migrants up , the migrants must be brought where boat is flagged ? 
   they know very well how unpopular immigration from africa is but they can not force national governments to accept immigrants from italy . 
  they can only provide financial support to tackle the problem . 
  so if one of the agencies you pasted in your response was to set up detention centers in other countries , why would n't the other countries accept this ? 
  they could even bring in italian officials and apply italian law , since they were trying to enter italy . 
  if they qualified for asylum , they get sent to italy . 
  instead , no body does anything , and the immigrants pile in , and the populace becomes more anti-eu . 
  i just watched a story on the news here ; apparently waves of children from central america have been crossing into texas to meet their parents who are here illegally . 
  these children completely overwhelmed the detention center in texas , so they were all bused to arizona . 
  why ca n't all these border agencies you listed so something like this ? 
  it is n't as if they are waling the streets , they are confined in a complex . 
  i also think it is appropriate that europe does not want a flood of migrants , especially when many countries are already suffering high unemployment . 
  the us does the same thing . 
  but by not addressing this in a coordinated manner , where there is no burden on countries who are not on the mediterranean ( besides payments ) , i do n't see how it can work . 
  and in the end , it leads to the rise of anit-eu parties , and is self-defeating . 
  do you have a citation for the fact that they make you money ? 
  they 'll invite the germans to set up a few bases there . 
  that is fucking insane !, 
  university of phoenix . 
  actually , it does have an exit clause : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withdrawal_from_the_european_union the uk may very well use it . 
  quantitative easing and the common law is what we have in common . 
  does the eu constitution have an exit clause ? 
  `` the surge in arrivals is straining the ability of the italian naval mission - called mare nostrum or `` our sea '' - to patrol the waters between africa and italy on its own . 
  it has prompted local officials in sicily , where most of the migrants are taken , to call for more european support . 
  `` europe ca n't just turn its back on us , '' lillo firetto , mayor of the sicilian port city of porto empedocle , said in a television interview on sunday . 
  `` this is n't just sicily 's border , but it 's europe 's border , too . '', 
  italy has repeatedly asked for more european union countries to join mare nostrum , which is europe 's biggest ever search-and-rescue mission , but so far only slovenia has chipped in , offering one ship for two months late last year . '', 
  so they help save migrants , but will only bring them to italy ? 
  you have no idea how to read apparently . 
  i did n't say that there was no eu border security or agencies . 
  i said italy is asking for help intercepting the boats , i do n't recall bringing up the ukraine or anything else . 
  http://www.lifeinitaly.com/news/renzi-ask-help-un-and-eu-undocumented-immigration http://www.dw.de/at-least-3000-migrants-cross-into-italian-waters/a-17674820  `` greece , italy and malta have repeatedly asked their fellow eu countries for help in handling the large numbers of migrants . 
  some 45,000 boat migrants , including thousands of children , made dangerous mediterranean crossings to land in italy and malta in 2013 , according to the international organization for migration ( iom ) . '', 
  http://2014.festivaleconomia.eu/-/the-future-according-to-matteo-renzi-another-job-in-10-years-but-first-lets-change-italy  `` what should our relations be with africa ? 
  with libya for example , from where , incidentally , 96 % of the immigrants who reach our coasts depart , and who we deal with on our own ? 
  europe tells us everything about fishing rights , but when it is a question of saving a 3-year-old child who is drowning , it looks the other way . 
  i want a europe with a soul . '', 
  so while you seem to have missed the point of my comment , the italian pm feels like he is getting no assistance . 
  i 'm not making this up out of thin air . 
  edit : just happened on this http://www.nbcnews.com/news/europe/italy-rescues-5-200-migrants-mediterranean-n125661  `` the surge in arrivals is straining the ability of the italian naval mission - called mare nostrum or `` our sea '' - to patrol the waters between africa and italy on its own . 
  it has prompted local officials in sicily , where most of the migrants are taken , to call for more european support . 
   `` europe ca n't just turn its back on us , '' lillo firetto , mayor of the sicilian port city of porto empedocle , said in a television interview on sunday . 
  `` this is n't just sicily 's border , but it 's europe 's border , too . '', 
   italy has repeatedly asked for more european union countries to join mare nostrum , which is europe 's biggest ever search-and-rescue mission , but so far only slovenia has chipped in , offering one ship for two months late last year . '', 
  no one is giving italy ships !, 
  what kind of union is this ? 
  i think a great example of this is the refusal of other eu countries to help italy with the migrant boats , after italy specifically requested help . 
  clearly it is in the interest of the eu to have secure borders , yet no one is helping . 
  in fact , do n't think i 've seen the phrase `` in the interest of the eu '' ever used . 
  i do n't deny that at all . 
  the nazis found the reparation payments repugnant , and to reorient into the international market , they would have to continue to pay . 
  instead they repudiated the debt and chose war/genocide as a method to obtain gold and assets . 
  actually is it because germany became a unified nation state so much later than the rest of the big european powers ; they had to play catch up on the imperial front . 
  and this is because the germans were busy fighting themselves until otto von bismark came around . 
   it was autarkic due to germany running out of foreign exchange to buy imports exactly . 
  there was a reason that the first thing the nazis did when they conquered a country was loot the gold in the central bank of that nation . 
  and why they pulled gold teeth out of dead jews , and stockpiled stolen gold and silver artifacts . 
  since no one wanted deutschmarks , they needed gold to get foreign currency , or just would use gold . 
  and their gold was nearly gone after the wwii . 
  i believe they used some land - backed currency ( renetnmark ) to stabilize after the hyperinflation . 
  if you want to see something truly disgusting , look in / r/casualiama , and tons of people are thanking a former ss man for his service . 
  redditors are so edgy it hurts . 
  uh , and the marshall plan . 
   edit : holy fuck i get downvoted for not being a racist cunt towards romanis . 
  you must be new here . 
  not necessary ? 
  http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/05/12/311888461/italy-searches-for-african-migrants-after-sinking-in-mediterranean i do n't know , i 'm becoming more and more shocked about how little cooperation there is . 
  it would benefit the whole eu to prevent this , and italy is actively asking for help . 
  unless you guys are like us , and want illegal immigrants to come in for cheap labor . 
  well i suppose a lot of the immigration debate involved immigration within the eu itself . 
  still , i do n't think people are in favor of hordes of undocumented african immigrants arriving . 
  all i 'm saying is that italy is requesting help on an issue that effects the whole eu . 
  ok , so france and germany are n't as good as spain , they can at least have ships to deter or spot boats . 
  they do n't have to load the people . 
  why would n't other countries help , if asked ? 
  immigration is this biggest issue now , right ? 
  so germany and france and whoever else ca n't spare a couple boats to help italy out ? 
  that is bullshit .
