  it feels like the end of the beginning . 
   i feel europe has proven itself a far more delicate union than what we would like to think . 
  plenty of folks have been saying that for the past few years , you just could n't see the comments bc they were downvoted so hard . 
  is there any reaction to the french stance among german politicians/press ? 
  do they see france as enabling the greeks ? 
  volunteers from russia are on the way . 
  it 's going to be a social emergency . 
   i have the feeling germany and the other conservative countries may have miscalculated . 
  really ? 
  i thought it worked out grand when the treaty of versailles placed grievous penalties on the german people for the mistakes of their government . 
  rules are rules i guess . 
  bloomberg covers it , bbc is the best though . 
  all is right in the world again . 
  how did you end up in vt ? 
  where you go ? 
  a croatian visiting notre dame has to be about basketball . 
  btw , i 've been to croatia , but not indiana . 
  you must be one of the baltic folks putin warns about . 
  so you 've been to indiana ? 
  real creepy . 
  vermont gets top row , huh ? 
  well it is pretty awesome . 
  not sure it should be above nyc though . 
  i thought jesus was ? 
  bbc changes the titles , when i posted , that was the title . 
  i thought this was common knowledge . 
  bbc changes the titles from when they are first posted , bit obviously the title on reddit does n't change . 
  it is mostly based on land value , and in the northeast at least , people are willing to have the value taxed at a very high rate . 
  rural areas kept the rate very low , and the land itself is worth much less . 
  people where i live pay over 50 % of their income in combined taxes , which is n't how most people in this country live . 
  czech guy wants english translation . 
  i think that is great . 
  if everyone in the eu could speak to each other , i think politicians could get away with less lies . 
  imf = usa , but we are happy to do it . 
  do property taxes vary much in greece ? 
  in ny we have a statewide sales tax , but property taxes are variable . 
  for example , my brother pays $ 35k a year on an acre 45 min from grand central terminal . 
  but if you looked in rural areas , 100 acres is $ 12k tax . 
  wow  the drive for the euro has been motivated by politics not economics . 
  the aim has been to link germany and france so closely as to make a future european war impossible , and to set the stage for a federal united states of europe . 
  i believe that adoption of the euro would have the opposite effect . 
  it would exacerbate political tensions by converting divergent shocks that could have been readily accommodated by exchange rate changes into divisive political issues . 
  political unity can pave the way for monetary unity . 
  monetary unity imposed under unfavorable conditions will prove a barrier to the achievement of political unity . 
  well , i was being a bit sarcastic . 
  but yes , the greek islands are supposedly amazing . 
  but one can have satisfaction in being correct , without reveling in the misery of the victims . 
  ouzo, 
  you just want to revel in the demise of the euro , admit it !, 
  bask in the eu failure@!, 
  trump is a ridiculous clown , but i do n't think he is overly retarded . 
  not even southern poofs ? 
  til !, 
  thx, 
  dammit . 
  can you explain why blimey was wrong , and bugger is correct ? 
  i mean , i know bugger off ... but i have n't heard bugger stand alone . 
  you did n't state it was from a german source either , it 's ambiguous . 
  i did n't take it as an accusation or anything like that . 
  lol . 
  it was the german diplomat who said that , he was describing the us attitude . 
  not that he is wrong . 
   amazing food , cheap beer and the prices were so low that i tipped around 200 % . 
  you are a nice fella . 
  i got ridiculously drunk on beers at the ferry terminal in split , waiting to leave for supetar . 
  so cheap !!!!, 
  10/10 , would do again . 
  who said that ? 
  i am also under that impression , from what i know , they do very well . 
  perhaps they have good relations in any event . 
  also , the feds contract so much stuff out , it 's kind of crazy . 
  those folks get no protections . 
  there are a lot of great fed jobs that pay a lot of money , i 've looked at a few myself . 
  they do n't say that , they say `` god is greek . '', 
  `` could n't he have used a larger calibre ? 
  it 's going to take ages to bleed out . 
  that is barbaric . 
  you stay away from my kitty !, 
  ah , so that is for federal employees . 
  i work for ny state , our protections and benefits are amazing . 
  not that i am aware of . 
  have a citation for that ? 
  you and american in monaco ? 
  and , yes , i 've said that as well . 
  this could have been an opportunity for unification and raising up smaller countries . 
  but national interests prevail every time , and no one is happy . 
  interesting , i 've had a life altering/affirming experience with shrooms , i was in a great place for a year . 
  and that was just hanging out in 1.5 meters of snow , and in my friends basement . 
  the physical feeling and visual manifestations gave me true isnight to how much `` reality '' is just our perception , and barriers came down . 
  i loved it . 
  recently , there have been multiple deaths in my family , and i am at risk of a very serious medical condition ( will find out monday ) , and i think something like what you did could helpm me clear my head . 
  or i could just grow shrooms in my apt . 
  how was the amazon otherwise ? 
  mindblowing ? 
  must have been quite a change from finland !, 
  well , they do have nukes . 
  wow . 
  i work for a state government , and we have collective bargaining . 
  i ca n't imagine that i would have to give it up at the insistence of a foreign government . 
  oooh , tell me about your experience .
