  around new england ? 
  that 's quite a large range of places !!!, 
  meh , i think we have gotten to the point with wings that they are good anywhere people actually give a shit . 
  i had some amazing wings in dublin last year . 
  hey now !, 
  what kind of savage do you think i am , putting ranch on wings ? 
  blue cheese only my man !, 
  where did you study ? 
  i do n't know , every time i have people from your side of the planet visit and have buffalo wings or mexican , there is a lot of eye watering and coughing . 
  no one can understand geordies , not even other geordies . 
  you guys ca n't handle spicy jalape\u00f1os , be careful . 
  the swedes are the meme per capita world champs . 
  i refuse to acknowledge the prime meridian , we did n't fight a revolution for nothing . 
  i attract special people every once in awhile . 
  must be my flair :-d, 
  yeah , i liked belfast a lot , very nice city center . 
  it would be great for biz , not necessarily a great place to be ... it 's no galway . 
  would be great if dublin invested in a large complex like canary wharf/world trade center . 
  obviously not as big as those , but the same idea . 
  yeah , i do n't expect nyc to capitalize too much from brexit , besides becoming the # 1 global finance city on listicles . 
  sorry , been in a horrible mood since the police and a mob tore off my burkini this morning . 
  awful, 
  wtf . 
  i thought that it would be dangerous for the nazis there , bc leftists and regular people would be irate at them . 
  beat up for speaking english , and threatened for speaking french ??? 
  and yes , the biggest threat to europe is extremist nationalists that are reacting to the refugee influx and other more longstanding tensions . 
  dublin might be able to do what it already does with a lot of tech companies , have a small headquarters and the bulk of operations elsewhere . 
  common law and the english language is a huge advantage . 
  funny from a guy whos country had convicted holocaust denier as the second likely person to be elected president in 2002 , and maybe his daughter will do the same soon . 
  just vichy things i guess . 
  i have no clue , but i 've seen the same results in tons of different rankings in the media . 
  nyc and london are always separated by a tiny margin . 
  do they have problems with white foreigners ? 
  i 'm kind of shocked to hear there is a visible presence of these people . 
  for now ... 
  london 's huge advantage over ny is the time zone . 
  you can trade with the us and asia/europe in the same day . 
  that is why so much activity goes through there , and one of the reasons london will continue to be so important after brexit . 
  it 's generally not disputed that london has been beating ny by a very small margin for the past few years . 
  plenty of other sources out there say the same . 
  i lurk in in / r/ireland a bit , and there are always discussions about how dublin will only allow very short buildings , and existing owners fight against any development because it would up supply . 
  they do n't seem to have a lot of hope for dublin being able to produce the infrastructure in a timely fashion . 
  it would also be a risk to start building everything now before we even know what brexit looks like . 
  then this is going to be a massive impediment to anywhere in the eu besides dublin . 
  also , there there is much more willingness for regulators to get involved in compensation issues on the continent than in us/uk/irl . 
   here you mean english law . 
  there is no `` uk law '' when it comes to contract . 
  actually i mean the law of england and wales , but besides you , not too many people are going to pick up on that ,, 
  that 's a really complicated question , which i would n't attempt to answer in full . 
  i would think that each market ( eu , china , japan , etc. ), 
  would benefit from at least one center where a critical mass for deal making can take place . 
  i think dublin would be a great choice as a common law jurisdiction and english speaking city , but many people seem to think they do not have the infrastructure . 
  i 'm also not sure how enforceable choice of law and forum selection clauses are under civil law . 
  if they are enforceable and parties can continue to be governed by ny and uk law , then i think it 's less of an impediment to various cities in the eu getting a share of the business . 
  but would n't frankfurt make a lot of sense ? 
  dublin would be great , but i 'm not sure they have the infrastructure , office space . 
  it 's beneficial to be in a common law jurisdiction . 
  frankfurt is below montreal , and people think it 's going to replace london ? 
  :-( never reddit before coffee . 
  wales voted to leave . 
  only one of them ? 
  sounds like the south bronx . 
  d'aww , thx . 
  it 's not true , it 's just what i remember from french class . 
  the mafia helped us too . 
   and that 's it , off you go to study abroad and ridicule yourself . 
  i 've lived and studied abroad and a lot of french people i 've met where often an embarassment . 
  when i studied abroad in london , i noticed the french students always hung out among themselves ( besides one , who is now an english professor ) . 
  i always assumed it was a social thing , that they did n't want to meet anyone else , but perhaps it was because they felt embarrassed speaking english . 
  mike tyson would probably be the only person who could answer this . 
  it 's a ridiculous hypothetical not to include nato , but why would spain beat them ? 
  obviously russia could just nuke them , and they can project force as well . 
  of course they had to use a white ear . 
  racists . 
  nukes and military power mean more than gdp in this context . 
  can spain win a confrontation with russia ? 
  meh , that is still rude . 
  i had kind of a similar experience when i studied abroad , my spanish ex seemed perplexed at first the skin was n't there . 
  religious affiliation was the common identity . 
  being an atheist does n't stop people persecuting you for being a jew , or from identifying you as a jew . 
  that was very rude and immature on her part . 
  i feel your pain , fellow old bro . 
  a religious nationalist i suppose . 
   metzitzah b ` peh it 's extremely uncommon , and done by extremists . 
  a few babies have died in nyc from it , herpes . 
  that was over 30 years ago ... 
  have their been any cannon to cannon dogfights in the last 20 years between modern jets ? 
  na , most gun nuts are nice . 
  source : gun nut, 
  we are n't going to attack canada . 
  then stop appropriating cat culture , shitlord . 
  this does n't really cause any issues for canada though . 
  they are n't spineless , they are smart . 
  why jeopardize relations with your neighbor and largest trading partner ? 
  that 's a strange single market . 
  then be careful with your knife . 
  i thought you guys were n't that into circumcision . 
  of course there is a debate on the bombings , i just thought that bot was kind of useful and interesting . 
  anyway , the a-bomb were a side show compared to the fire bombing of tokyo , but that is much less discussed . 
  / r/askhisorians has a bot that autoreplies to this cliche .
