  poor fella just wanted some attention . 
  anyway , he started ever sentence with `` eh , look , eh look '' and said innit about 4000 times a day . 
  he was always calling people `` hairy canaries '' and his fav line was `` eh look , just shag the bitch , eh ? '', 
  i 'm pretty sure this guy had his own dialect . 
  `` eh look , eh , innit innit . '', 
  you would have though that they would have learned your brewing techniques after `` visiting '' so much . 
  how is the beer selection where you are ? 
  can you get belgian , german , english and american beers ? 
  is beer culture thriving in spain now ? 
  estrella damm is widely available in ny , and is not bad when it gets to 38c , but otherwise it is a bit light for me . 
  i would assume he was too extreme . 
  so is it unacceptable to leave the gym in sweaty clothes ( no shower ) and head home to shower and change ? 
  how much ? 
  we 've had this with fingerprints forever here . 
  i remember getting it done when i was 5 . 
  if by west coasters , you mean cali peeps , then yeah , i hear ya . 
  but seattle peeps are not rude . 
  either way , nicest peeps anywhere are maine , vt , nh . 
  so damn nice . 
  i 've met some nice folks from indiana , iowa and michigan . 
  lady from iowa is super , super nice . 
  what the fuck ?!? 
  for an american : ireland, 
  man , what were you guys thinking , stopping somewhere like that !??!, 
  bars in tiny towns can be a bad idea sometimes ( generally you will know by the time you get to the parking lot ) . 
  i had similar experiences in arizona , and some parts of new mexico . 
  i like to drive around to the middle of nowhere for whatever reason , and i remember getting gas in a town of 40 people in az , and they were all just staring at me . 
  i thought i was going to get killed . 
  there are some places in upstate ny might be scarier . 
  i have also heard that out west some folks are very protective of their land ( hence the farmer coming out with a gun ) . 
  this completely the opposite of the open land tradition of new england , where private land is considered a public resource . 
  you are presumed to be able to go onto land for recreational uses , and the land owner has to go through a bit of trouble to keep people off it , and if they do that , they are looked down upon . 
  so , america has like different places and stuff . 
  you experience in wyoming was the opposite of what i experienced in taos , new mexico . 
  whites ( including descendants of the conquistadors ) , native americans , hispanics and all of the above mixed together hanging out . 
  the taos pueblo buildings have been continuously inhabited for over 1000 years , really cool . 
  the friendliest most down to earth people i 've met are in maine , vermont and new hampshire . 
  you can show up in a tiny town for a cup of coffee and they will treat you like you have lived in the town your whole life , but will not be overbearing . 
  some of your other observations seem a bit strange to me , and some make total sense to me . 
  i am from , and live in nyc , when i went to seattle this summer , i got totally freaked out by how nice the people were being . 
  i thought maybe they were trying to scam me or something , i mean a guy spoke to us on their public transit . 
  but after a 2 days i realized , they are honest to god that nice . 
  they just want to talk and make sure that you are having a good time . 
  everywhere i went i ended up hanging out with people and talking to everyone . 
  pretty much the total opposite of nyc . 
  the catcalling , where did that happen ? 
  that is n't normal , and i do n't think women here feel any less safe than anywhere else . 
  i hear you about culture shock though . 
  i did a semester of college in london , and why i found out their bars closed at 11pm i nearly had a nervous breakdown . 
  i wanted to go home , where i could drink until 4am every night . 
  by some miracle , i lived across the street from one of the very few pubs that were open late , b/c it supposedly had a kitchen . 
  eventually i adapted , and learned to start drinking early , and then chugging like a madman before last call , and then milling around the ruckus after the pub closed . 
  apparently they have changed their laws since then . 
  if you ever come back , visit new england and nyc of course . 
  i 'm from nyc , when i travel to the west coast , it takes me a day or two to calm down from people talking to me all the time and being nice . 
  they really just are that nice , hard to believe , i know . 
  i did mean how , and thanks for the in depth answer . 
  my bro-in law works for a hk based company and goes a few times a year , he really likes it . 
  he is white and gets treated great , but it is n't the melting pot nyc is . 
  overall for the planet , i 'm sure hk is one of the better places for assimilation . 
  as far as africans coming here , there seems to be a lot of tension between them and us blacks . 
  a lot of africans look down on the american blacks because they are descended from slaves and many are lower income . 
  happens with caribbean blacks to a lesser exent , as they come from salves too . 
  so an african in nyc may very well be better accepted by whites . 
  honestly , we like anyone who comes here and works hard . 
  though the recent bit about radical somalis is very disturbing . 
  actually totally true . 
  when i studied in london , there was a muslim guy that did n't drink and he 'd come out and have coke . 
  forgot about that . 
  where were you with the honking ? 
  i live in nyc , it you do not move .3 seconds after the light turns green , you are getting honked . 
  this summer i was on vacation in portland , oregon and seatlle , washington ; literally did not hear a horn once . 
  in fact in / r/washington or / r/seattle , one of the `` you know you are from seattle when '' answers was `` you have owned you car 5 years , but have no idea what the horn sounds like . '', 
  i studied in london in the late '90s , the biggest shock to me was that pubs closed at 11 . 
  i nearly lost my shit and went back home . 
  by some miracle i lived across the street from a pub that was open until 3am because they supposedly had a kitchen . 
  anyway , i really freaked out about this , esp . 
  coming from nyc where bars are open untill 4am . 
  after a few weeks i got over it and adjusted . 
  so if you were just in the us for a week or two , you ca n't really make comments about assimilating that are too convincing . 
  fwiw , i found it ridic easy to assimilate into london coming from nyc . 
   do n't know why you 're getting downvotes . . because / r/europe . 
  this sounds like the most surreal trip ever ... 
  not for muslims who do n't drink ... 
  this may work better for some nationalities then others ... 
  been to nyc ? 
  who are african immigrants in hk treated ? 
  it is pretty much established law every where that self defense must be proportionate to the attack . 
   i heard a lot of cheering in the streets when golden dawn mp kasidiaris slapped a female communist party member on live tv [ 1 ] , as if that attack was justified . 
  absolutely atrocious . 
   but , what i do n't get with the golden dawn is the thugness for lack of a better word , the openness with hatred and violence . 
  this can only happen if it is tolerated by some , and others are too scared to act . 
  have prices for accommodations/meals , etc. 
  dropped in the islands ? 
  or has the demand kept prices up ? 
  correct me if i am wrong , but the greek islands are not though of as a budget destination ( like some parts of spain ) . 
  thanks for catching that mistake !, 
  that is what i get for petting my cat and redditing at the same time , while asleep . 
  and yeah , you are right . 
  that is what so many people do no understand , that it is n't exactly `` well i 'm not doing anything illegal , so they can read anything , sure . '',
