  what did that help ?!?!, 
  a lot of black commentators went on tv and told holder to stfu . 
  but mainly , gop are obstructionists . 
  france cracks me up . 
  however , the big thing that needs to happen for the eu to mean anything is that germany has to become a relevant military nation . 
  some people seem to have a problem with that . 
  i have no sympathy for either , and i do n't want the us doing anything more than sanctions . 
  i think it 's the thermal signature they pic up . 
  what about france ? 
  we have all kinds of tech for that . 
  it was developed a long time ago so we would know if nukes were being launched . 
  russians have same capability . 
  we warn each other when testing missiles so there is no confusion . 
  world was almost blown up a few times because of errors with this . 
  ha , you must be the only european who think this way , because any time i say that , i get downvoted to hell . 
  the tp is less relevant that ever , but yes , the gop blocks everything just for the hell of it . 
  i 'm really not sure what can be done about it . 
  both parties are pretty disgusted with europe 's cowardice though , maybe we can unite around that !, 
  be pretty easy to drum up some outrage about france selling warships to russia . 
  i 'm well aware of that . 
  i 'm just saying that the bases are used as staging areas for elsewhere , that is their primary value to us . 
  if tanks roll into poland , yeah , we are going to war . 
  but otherwise i do n't see much appetite by most americans to protect western europe , because they are rich countries with their own arms industries . 
  personally i think we need reevaluate nato , and foster the growth of eu military capability by reducing our presence . 
  ca n't be done overnight , but it should be done . 
  of course , but those bases are used for staging interventions int he middle east . 
  for that purpose they are happy with it . 
  but to defend actual western european countries ? 
  i say almost every day the us needs out of europe , and should ditch nato . 
  it would have to be a process over years for it to be orderly , but it has to be done . 
  however , the government likes using the bases as staging areas for middle east an other interventions . 
  i do n't think our presence has much to do with europe anymore . 
  for us to protect first world countries with their own arms industries , and who constantly tell us to stay out of their business is nuts . 
  you had canadians for that !, 
  so what do you say we ditch nato and create an atlantic alliance of us/uk/ca ? 
  deal ? 
  you had canadians for that !, 
  so what do you say we ditch nato and create an atlantic alliance of us/uk/ca ? 
  deal ? 
  you had canadians for that !, 
  so what do you say we ditch nato and create an atlantic alliance of us/uk/ca ? 
  deal ? 
  you had canadians for that !, 
  so what do you say we ditch nato and create an atlantic alliance of us/uk/ca ? 
  deal ? 
  you had canadians for that !, 
  so what do you say we ditch nato and create an atlantic alliance of us/uk/ca ? 
  deal ? 
  yes , but you should of let us have canada too . 
  but nope , you had to burn down the god damned white house . 
  we did n't do too bad either :-) and canada . 
  besides that moron mccain , most other war mongers are happy to pursue that policy in the rest of the world , but not europe . 
  there is a lot of disgust with most of our nato allies , and the lack of any eu response to russia . 
  it even turns these people off to war . 
  i think that is a highly unlikely scenario . 
  indeed , having a large country that you owe a lot of money instructing you to cut money for hospitals so you can pay it interest on debt is great for harmony and unity !, 
  something something germoney . 
  if he said western europeans who need russian gas/defense contracts and russia are bestest pals , than he would have a point . 
  fire up all the old coal plants !, 
  he did n't used to be like that . 
  i do n't know if it was 9/11 or alzheimer 's , but the dude never met a war he did n't like for the past 15 years . 
  he just does n't want to feel guilty for selling russia warships . 
  you need to worry less about ethnic russians and more about your `` friends '' in western europe . 
  geography . 
  but it 's a union , the other members of the union will help their less fortunate brothers , no ? 
  question , do you think western europe will ever stand up for eastern europe ? 
  yup , lets not leave out the french arms industry as well . 
  us do all the sanctions we want and look good without taking much risk . 
  europe will do nothing . 
  everyone in the eu loves to flip out about illegal immigrants , but they ca n't send boats to help the italian navy . 
  it is the perfect illustration of the current state of affairs . 
  nukes are n't a factor unless someone bombs moscow . 
  uh , no . 
  we have nothing to gain from any military action in europe . 
  most americans think nato is useless and that we waste a lot of money with it . 
  of course having bases in europe makes action in the middle east easier , so we keep them . 
  i was hoping germany would kick us out because the spying , but i guess not . 
  that might have been true in 2002 , not so much now . 
  there is no appetite to do anything in europe . 
  mccain is the biggest warmonger in the country . 
  total douchebag . 
  call me crazy , but i think right wingers hate the idea of spending money in europe . 
  all of se asia , japan and korea want us there to counteract china . 
  we will oblige , and europe can try to contain russia . 
  or it wo n't , whatever . 
  most of the russian money is in london , not ny . 
  we are much less exposed to russia , and putin 's goal in life is to avoid using the dollar and to harm its reserve status . 
  let me ask you this , do you think right wing nuts want to spend our money defending `` socialist '' countries that like to look down on the us ? 
  and the rest of us are sick of war . 
  we will do nothing besides sanctions . 
   well , interfax claims 23 americans were on board . 
  the state department is working to confirm . 
  that might be a legitimate substitute . 
  uh , no . 
  if it was an american plane , it would be much worse . 
  i 'm not sure that people in this sub have any idea how sick americans are of war , and how we do not want to do the fighting for rich , first world countries . 
  have you read the sleepwalkers ? 
  very good , goes into extreme detail of the intricacies of european diplomacy leading up to the war . 
  yes, 
  last i checked ukraine is in europe .
