  i 'm sure they could be a tad more specific without any risk . 
  nothing sexier than a dominant women with a posh british accent . 
  yup . 
  i 've paddled the grand canyon , been to yosemite , mt. 
  ranier , olympic national park , acadia national park and climbed the highest mountain in the lower 48 ( mt. 
  whitney in california ) just to name a few . 
  if you ever have any questions , or are planning a trip , let me know . 
  of course there were some collaborators , but the nazis considered the poles as sub-humans themselves . 
  quite different from recruiting volunteers from your master race brethren is western europe . 
  the french could have done it a bit sooner , no ? 
  are n't you less likely to run into ignorant types in urban areas as opposed to rural/isolated areas ? 
  some of your new residents might be a bit anti-semitic though . 
  would be interesting to see the reaction of ordinary germans if that was to manifest itself in someway . 
  i do n't think it would be received very well . 
  i read it his way too ... 
  what about ireland ? 
  does your friend think it 's funny ? 
  they are proposing that anyone who wishes to view porn has to enter some kind of identification , so that 's the angle in the uk on that . 
  and of course , no filming of fisting , squirting , facesitting on uk soil . 
  they could describe it though . 
  you have offended the minister of silly tweets . 
  report to scotland yard immediately . 
  everyone loves to give germany so much shit about their hate speech laws , but this is far more restrictive . 
  my favorite example of this law being used was when a guy was arrested for making an `` offensive '' tweet about a garbage truck running people over in glasgow . 
  shameful , really . 
  if you go to maine you can hunt moose , and if you go to alaska , you can hunt grizzly bears , caribou , elk and even bigger moose . 
  basically there are bigger some bigger species out west , but still tons of large game in the most populated parts of the country in the east . 
  we have lots of state park and forest reserves . 
  for example , the adirondack park in upstate ny ( lake placid which had the olympics in 1980 and 1932 is in the park ) is 24280 sq km , that 's big . 
  out west , there are massive amounts of federal land that you can hunt/camp on . 
  anyway , if you are into hunting or hiking/camping , i 'd recommend a visit . 
  canada is great with the outdoors as well . 
  kind of an outdated law , no ? 
  yup , you ca n't imagine how stupid our laws are . 
  you are not allowed to handle a pistol unless you have a permit . 
  so at the class where we are supposed to learn about gun safety , you are not allowed to touch a gun . 
  deer hunting is the most common animal to be hunted in the us , there are way too many of them . 
  there are less bears around , but without hunting , they really become a nuisance . 
  but yeah , i believe there is just as much big game hunting as bird hunting or small game . 
  communist enclave ? 
  we just have stupid laws . 
  however , it does vary by county , most of upstate has `` shall issue '' carry , with a short wait . 
  where i live is very anti-gun and has been forever . 
  because in many states it is a big hassle to get handguns , while it 's generally not an issue to get long guns . 
  and there is lots of hunting everywhere , just less hunters than there used to be . 
  go 30 minutes outside nyc and there are coyotes , black bears and tons of deer . 
  i suppose that is true , and most of us do n't like royalty in general , but i think it 's the fact that she is so far away from you , and really does n't have anything in common with you . 
  in the euro monarchies , the head of state is the personal embodiment of the state and resides in the state . 
  i know you guys do n't care , it 's just strange to me . 
  i also know that due to your constitution it would be a huge pita to change . 
  still , you would think that some canadians would be bothered by having a woman half way around the world as their head of state . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm from ny and it 's a hassle to get a pistol , but i can buy long guns without any problem . 
  i 'm getting a handgun for target shooting / backcountry camping , and it 's going to take 1.5 years . 
  annoying . 
  i got ta say , that is pretty surprising to me . 
  what are you looking at , the manufacturing numbers ? 
  looks close to 50/50 . 
  wow , so many people must have been arrested when w was in office . 
  i feel the same way , maybe it 's because both of our countries were founded by booting out a monarchy . 
  i still ca n't wrap my head around the fact that qeii is the head of state for canada . 
  that sweater just gave me a seizure . 
  na , long guns are more numerous . 
  edit : or not . 
  yeah , i was positive you were german . 
  do you have american examples ? 
  i 've only heard this term in this sub . 
  black tea matters . 
  almost as bad as the brits and their parliamentary tendencies . 
  why is france disliked in spain ? 
  dam son, 
  yes , it should be available . 
  he can post about how is now reformed if he wishes to . 
  if you become a religious fanatic in your town and then reform yourself , it 's not like your neighbors wo n't remember you were once a fanatic . 
  i think you should have the same protection on the internet as irl . 
  so crime victims , juvenile offenders , etc. 
  should be protected , bit not full of shit religious leaders . 
  because the entire monetary system is based on inflation , and as japan shows , even if you print over 200 % debt to gdp , you still get deflation with a shrinking population . 
  that 's the entire issue . 
  how is one to cope without drinking ? 
  that is their problem . 
  wait until the terrorists hack self driving cars ... 
  we could n't have done it without sikes-picot . 
  and who could forget how we and the brits worked together for the 1953 coup in iran , and of course 2003 in iraq . 
  basically , since the end of the ottoman empire , western powers have been making a shitshow out of the whole area . 
  no , i honestly ca n't comprehend what 's going on . 
  you have no internal borders that were established with no external border security . 
  i naively assumed that maybe people would want to stop smugglers profiting and waves of refugees from arriving and would act to do something regarding the external borders . 
  is n't it in everyone 's interest to stop the flow ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  edit : just saw this though - http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-macedonia-visegrad-iduskcn0vl1xv is ee fucking over greece too ?? 
  muh right to be forgotten, 
  i say we hand the keys to germany , and call it a day . 
  whoa , whoa , lets not get carried away . 
  france can into poutine ? 
  you should really pay more attention to interest rates on new debt , not aggregate debt . 
  especially when we are discussing the reserve currency . 
  it 's not like a household budget . 
   you 're enlightened and right and they are strupid and wrong ? 
  is n't this the creedo of every redditor , regardless of where they are from ? 
  no language is so nice in your ear when you are packed like sardines , but i 've only known french who are 60 + to do it .
