  but long term , uk , germany , france , italy , etc. 
  should step up and proctect their own continent and their own union . 
  but let me ask you , will the poles let german tanks be stationed there ? 
  what other aspects of history are goingto make this difficult ? 
  i just saw some big fight between a pole and lithuanian in another thread , over territory . 
  these are eu members and nato members . 
  history is not over , even if you ignore it . 
  yeah i know . 
  and i honestly do n't have ill will towards the baltics and poland , but western europe being so irresponsible pisses me off . 
  and there are some security provisions to the eu . 
  if you ca n't protect each other , it is n't a very strong union . 
  if nato had been drawn down , and a european force established over the past decade , that would have been preferable . 
  at least to me . 
  no , no , with the implication that america will take care of everything , as an aggregate , the eu does not spend much of defense . 
  there are exceptions , like the uk . 
  for example , if we pulled out of nato , continental europe would have to massively increase military spending . 
  yup , i was rabidly anti-hillary in 2008 , and donated to obama . 
  what a disappointment , i feel like a sucker . 
  the day he appointed larry summers as economic adviser , i knew all was lost . 
  no , i want the next american president to tell the eu to grow up and get a military . 
  then they can deter russia themselves . 
  yeah i 'm there now . 
  she is also making a stink about how she would not have done the pow deal . 
  also , i 'm not worried about russian aggression , i 'm worried about eu weakness . 
  now this i got ta see . 
  so let me get this straight , eu thinks they need no military with these freaks living next door ? 
  smart . 
  so these would be people who have dual citizenship , or are polish citizens ? 
  your average polish-american is so assimilated that i do n't think any sweeping generalizations can be made about them , besides being catholic . 
  ya cunt . 
  football , the beautiful game , bringing nations together . 
  just curious , what is so cringe worthy about us polish groups ? 
  they hardcore catholic ? 
  poles are so assimilated here ... 
  yes , she was penciled in last time too . 
  we 'd have to pull out of nato for that . 
  i could live with it , i 'm sure we 'd find an anglosphere association to replace it . 
  western europeans really do n't give a shit about you , do they ? 
  do you understand the concept of a union ? 
  do n't enter into a union with poland if you will not defend it . 
  please kick us out , please . 
  i 'll take a bernie sanders/elizabeth warren ticket , thank you . 
  yeah , that is n't happening . 
  ah , someone who knows what is going on . 
  a fair number of people seem to be aware of the term `` pivot to asia , '' so i think a lot of people are aware of it . 
  i wonder how many europeans are aware how much welfare would have to be cut if they were responsible for taking care of their own defense ? 
  you are not a tax haven , you have the lowest tax rate . 
  why do you think google and a billion other companies around the world have a post office box `` office '' there ? 
  additionally , i work in securities law , a massive proportion of securities are issued by irish subsidiaries of banks . 
  i 'm sure you recall all the debate to raise the rate during the crisis . 
  it 's nothing illegal , it is what a small country does to gain advantage . 
   there 's just no political will in our current economic climate to invest an extra billion euros into our military . 
  you are in a union , the security of some union members is in jeopardy , i 'd suggest ireland , and every other country find some political will . 
  if no one has the will , you need to recast the eu as a purely economic union , since you can not be bothered to help each other out . 
  is n't it embarrassing to be in this situation , so many years into this project ? 
  leverage for what ? 
  we are still paying to protect you , it is n't working . 
  irish leverage is having the lowest corporate tax rate in the world , everyone uses leverage . 
  everyone uses `` leverage , '' it 's as useful as saying the sky is blue . 
  and by the way , ireland is supposed to be part of the eu , yet all i see is irish redditors say is how they have no military and will never have one because they are out of harms way . 
  you see , in a union , you are all supposed to look out for each other , just because you are safe on your little island does n't mean you can just ignore what is going on in the east . 
  if anyone in the eu actually gave a shit , you would have developed some kind of military force . 
  and while i do agree that has not happened because we are always there for you , i 'd also also it is because you have too much history , and are not brothers like you think . 
  will the poles allow german tanks to be stationed there ? 
  that would be the most realistic response to deter russia . 
  and would the germans ever accept doing that themselves ? 
  many would find it repugnant . 
  you all thought history was over , and everything was going to be great , so why worry about security . 
  but sticking your head in the sand is not a great strategy . 
  i 'd hardly say we are falling apart , but i 'd much rather see money spent on infrastructure and education . 
  you seem to think the us wants to be more involved in europe , since the end of the cold war we have been begging all of you to take you own defense seriously . 
  we are much more interested in the pacific right now . 
  but you guys knew that if you sat there and trembled like helpless children , we 'll be there in a minute . 
  you can have the greatest economic/political union of all time , but if russia can destroy it , it does n't mean shit . 
  if europe was ever serious about integration , military integration would have been part of it . 
  would the polish people ever accept german military being stationed there to deter the russians ? 
  or does it have to be us troops ? 
  if any of you were smarter by this point , you would have developed some semblance of a european force . 
  instead , you 've done nothing . 
  personally , i 'm sick of spending our tax money defending all of you , when we have problems enough here . 
  so everyone in the polish military speaks english ? 
  besides making wise ass comments on reddit , we actually think you have handled it quite well . 
  the only silly bit to me is that the queen is still the head of state for countries , like there is still an empire . 
  though i suppose that is australia and canada 's problem if they do n't want to change it . 
  and yes , the future is in asia , which is why there should be less american presence in europe . 
  look at all the upvotes . 
  why do we want to keep the continent as weak as possible ? 
  you will never be a unified threat . 
  personally , i would love if you guys would tell our troops to go home . 
  we have wasted enough of our money trying to be world police . 
  our government wo n't do it on its own , but i can guarantee you the america people are sick of paying for it . 
   and strong enough to have someone significant on its side ( allied with ) in case of major threat from some future power from other region this is true . 
   keeping it weak enough to not be challenge to usa as the only superpower in near or further future europe can not cooperate within itself , this is not a concern at all . 
  but you are our closest ( canada too of course ) . 
  so what is our plan of attack , now that we have successfully hidden ourselves in britain . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10737838/ukraine-crisis-poland-asks-nato-to-station-10000-troops-on-its-territory.html who do you think `` nato troops '' are ? 
  from everything i 've read , it isn ; t even acceptable to the polish to have german troops there . 
  i do not mean this in a rude way at all , i just find it sort of ironic that a former state of the yugoslav federation would have so much faith in federalism . 
  but i do see how it could be especially beneficial to smaller countries of europe . 
  what are you on about ?
