  most people wo n't even know/care where you are from . 
  i like you too !, 
  and no one here thinks you are gypsies . 
  i like you too , czech peeps . 
  congrats guys !, 
  i 'm not huge , but i can scare the shit out of people for some reason , so that works . 
  it 's not really like they are trying to hit you , they just are n't very good at what they do , and almost hit people all the time . 
  they get all pissy when no one gives them cash , it 's annoying . 
  you like punk kids almost knocking you over and harassing you after a day at work or early morning every day ? 
  tourists are the ones giving them money . 
  thanks bro . 
  i was just being sarcastic . 
  you see him on always sunny ? 
  like the difference between diarrhea and loose stool . 
  flair checks out . 
  wait , there is video on here ? 
  username checks out . 
  is he the reincarnation of rob ford ? 
  has to be on a lot of drugs . 
  i 'd love to get a supersoaker full of piss and use it on these clowns . 
  preferably with bum piss . 
  i love 80s cali slang ; radical , gnarly , tubular , but i 'm not a fan of stoked and hella . 
  do we need to fite irl ? 
  the drought is something to be legitimately concerned about . 
  every state is different ... 
  if you are not management or a professional , you have to be paid 1.5 x salary after 40 hours by federal law . 
  uh , that would depend on the industry . 
  there are plenty of people working 35 hour weeks with no overtime , they just generally make less money . 
  if you work in hospitality or retail , apparently you do get fucked with crazy schedules and all that . 
  yes , unless you are a professional or management . 
  i 'm from ny and i did n't know that all of california did n't use `` hella . '', 
  do n't let these clowns give you a hard time . 
  ya dun lost it bruh . 
  ya mofos got draughts and faults , not going to end well . 
  we get those too . 
  phillie people maybe , but everyone knows ny'ers , and the boston accent is universally known as well . 
  from over here , you all look the same . 
  yup , hang out at / r/nyc to see what people think of them . 
  and now i 'm triggered . 
  bruh, 
  toook ? 
  what morons !, 
  they should have ate the weed . 
  oh god , rat tails still exist . 
  he must have known your username . 
  that 's a good point . 
  make us proud son !, 
  there appears to be something wrong with your `` u '' key . 
  i thought there was a smudge on my monitor for a second . 
  i 'm prejudiced against all of california , goddamit !, 
  jk , not from oregon . 
  it 's not like anyone in europe is going to care , i just ca n't stop the eye roll when a californian uses it . 
  in your accent it prob sounds good . 
  is toque pronounced like `` toke ? '', 
  in nyc we have the `` showtime '' kids , it 's awful . 
  probably a bunch of clips on youtube . 
  the ferry from ancona to split is luxurious , with great working plumbing . 
  the cheapo ferry from split to hvar also had working plumbing . 
  these things exist , but maybe not in northern europe . 
  do n't use it , people will think you are a californian . 
  that 's pretty badass . 
  i 'm sure . 
  i would assume they play what makes the most people happy . 
  got to deal with all types . 
  send waves of greek refugees to germany and get free shit . 
  you want the glorious leader to stop taking syrians back ? 
  he 's obviously a shill . 
  yeah , a little unrealistic to expect a real dj set on a ferry . 
  that 's pretty complicated . 
  a lot of people from western ny are bills fans . 
  jets and giants is tricky , not much rhyme of reason , just how you were raised . 
  jets fans are disgusting animals though . 
  fuck the pats, 
  i do think a lot of rural folks ( in upstate ny and new england ) do use pickup trucks for work and as there primary personal vehicle . 
  half of them have plows in front . 
  the house i rented in croatia had a real deal ac with the condesner outside . 
  upstate is amazing . 
  hudson river valley , catskill mtns , adirondack mtns. , finger lakes , great lakes , niagra falls , just to name a few things . 
  cooperstown too . 
  this is more a texas thing than an american thing . 
  just give free tickets to american soldiers . 
  the swedes might be committing social suicide ( according to reddit anyway ) , but how is it genocide when they welcomed the refugees ? 
  yeah , i agree it does n't make sense ot have it in there . 
  it says that spain does n't have a government , not that there was any far right stuff going on . 
  maybe this will clear some things up for you : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-19/volkswagen-emissions-cheating-found-by-curious-clean-air-group apparently some germans asked the university ogf west virginia for help , that is how it all came to late . 
  those germans must have been cia spies i guess . 
  it 's a state and federal crime to alter emissions , if a cop sees you rolling coal , you are going to be in a lot of trouble and your car will be impounded . 
  aww , poor kitteh . 
  a cat is never random , he is exactly where he wants to be . 
  far right is identity politics too , no ? 
  we barely have a diesel market !, 
  man , a lot of you guys are really in denial . 
  an independent university team found the defeat device and notified the epa . 
  the epa tried to work with vw and vw continued to lie to them after they were caught . 
  that is why it 's one of the most egregious frauds . 
  i 'm not aware of other companies that continued to lie like that , that is the root of the harsh treatment . 
  as for the people being hurt , it really is n't americans , vw is barely a blip on our radar . 
  but you have seen all the problems in european cities ( especially milan ) this winter from particulates staying in the air at street level . 
  since vw means nothing here , i highly doubt we are engaging in any kind of protective vendetta , and the ttip thing is just a conspiracy theory . 
  you can not get caught , keep lying and then admit you were lying and expect to be treated well .
