  no one cared much , that was the problem , and apparently still is . 
  now look again where i made statement about spending , and paste it in a reply . 
  below is my original comment that you replied to :  i love how people have forgotten the balkan wars , and think there has been no conflict in europe since wwii . 
  shortsighted clowns . 
  all i was saying there was that no one remembers the balkans , and then you went off on your useless rant , which i should not have dignified with a response . 
  you are a member of a tiny niche of / r/europe , the passive irishman . 
  i always see your type telling the baltic folks they are insane loons for being worried about russia . 
  i suppose you know know better than them , and they should just pipe down . 
  neutrality above all , right ? 
  what an irrelevant and overall useless comment . 
  glad you had so much concern for the bosnians , and i 'm sure the folks of eastern europe are excited to hear of your pacifism at all costs attitude . 
  but russia is no threat to ireland , so it 's all good . 
  i love how people have forgotten the balkan wars , and think there has been no conflict in europe since wwii . 
  shortsighted clowns . 
  the us is now energy independent , and the gap between cushing and brent crude grows everyday . 
  so no , not oil . 
  curious , have you lived in europe ? 
  yeah , i 'm a bot fascinated with the greeks . 
  there was a poll posted on here which showed them to be very anti-semitic , i know golden dawn has made comments on that front , and i have friends with family over there , and when they visit , they get lectured about the us . 
  seems like an `` interesting '' place . 
  and why is n't it ? 
  ah , i got you . 
  reddit is the only place i interact online with anyone , so i 'm not exposed to the other stuff . 
  but yes , our isolation is n't very helpful for banter , but it 's good for not getting invaded . 
  oh i did trust me , and i 'm still friends with them 20 years later . 
  going to one of their weddings in ireland this summer . 
  hell , i spent my entire time in the uk ragging on the queen . 
  i was just trying to explain the phenomenon of americans on reddit getting annoyed , with some real world examples of people talking about what they do n't know . 
  the brits were n't bantering , they really thought we were going to be evangelical republicans . 
  i mean it 's funny because they really believed that , but it was n't banter . 
  what is the name of the book ? 
  and it 's bc the america is run by the joos right ? 
  silly greece . 
  '' `` thank you for your service '' is really just for the military . 
  i mean people will call firefighters/cops heroes sometimes , but that is about it . 
  cia folks are n't supposed to be telling people they are with the cia ... unless you are also in intelligence . 
  ugh , texas . 
  we do n't get to speak to people from other countries as much , and many are n't used to that kind of banter , probably the biggest issue . 
  the second is that because our culture and politics are literally everywhere , people think they know us , and make ridiculous comments , which get very irritating after awhile . 
  if you 've never even been somewhere , you are probably not an expert . 
  one example of this was when i studied in london in the late 90s , most of the brits thought that our group of catholics , jews and indians ( dot not feather ) from nyc were all going to be born again christians , because that is what they saw on jerry springer !!!, 
  so people making ridiculous assumptions of ridiculous sources gets old after awhile . 
  i would n't even try to tell a danish person anything about their country because i 've never been . 
  that 's all , people who have never been here , and do n't know any americans telling us how things are here gets irritating . 
  as for meeting people in europe who hate us , i 've never met anyone who straight up hated americans , but i 've met people who gave me shit . 
  the only really annoying time was when i was in a tiny , tiny town on a tiny dalmatian island and i wanted to buy a little bottle of lavender for my mother from a lady on the side of the road . 
  it was 2006 . 
  she told me i could only buy lavender if i denounced goerge w. 
  bush !!!, 
  she was dead serious . 
  now i hated w , but i 'm not allowing someone to give me shit like that . 
  so i asked her if she complained that we took the croats side during the war and she said no . 
  i told her that since she did n't complain then , she should n't complain now . 
  she shut up and sold me the lavender . 
  it 's just hard for us to tell sometimes , different languages and what not . 
  it is n't like we are your neighbor like sweden , and you have a routine . 
  also , the longer you are on reddit , the better you get at detecting banter . 
  because it is a very effective way to get people to volunteer to get shot at . 
  especially when most of us know it 's a pretty bad deal . 
  yes , portugal . 
  maybe the french were the first to call them citizens . 
  how do you know so much about all this ? 
  jews may have been treated well , but were they polish citizens ? 
  no need to apologize . 
  ha , that is n't very fair . 
  nope , protestants . 
  itz just smellz, 
  because she has a hyphenated name instead of taking her husbands name ? 
  or is she just using 2 names for the hell of it ? 
   imho it is not really race based , but culture based . 
  there is a strong feeling of the superiority of german culture . 
  i dare say i 've seen some of that here . 
   there is a lot of justifiable backlash aimed at america due to the egregious errors made during george bush 's time in office . 
  w really fucked things up . 
  i studied in london in the late '90s ( in an international dorm ) and there just was n't this whole anti-american thing going on . 
  sure , some people had issues with the us , but it was n't a default position . 
  hopefully the more time that passes , the better it would get . 
  because thinking is hard for a lot of folks . 
  `` every saturday in synagogues across france these words are intoned - in french or in hebrew - as part of the shabbat service . 
  the prayer for the french republic goes back to 1808 , when the jewish community was formally recognised by napoleon as one of france 's three official religions . 
  it enshrines in holy language the special debt that french jews have always felt to france , as the first country in europe in which they were proclaimed full citizens . '', 
  that is really cool . 
  hmm , stereotype taken as true and presented as fact in a ridiculously blunt and pompous manner , which strengthens the stereotype of the person doing the stereotyping . 
  i 'm sure there is an inception pun to be found somewhere . 
  we are n't your neighbors , you can very strongly disagree with us , that is fine . 
  but you are in the eu with your neighbors , and many of them feel you are not taking them into consideration at all . 
  you need to worry about your relations with your european allies more than you need to worry about us . 
  the funny thing is , the more you antagonize your neighbors , the more they clamor for us troops and influence , thereby achieving the exact opposite of what you intend . 
  i 'd love to see nothing more than a strong , unified eu military and for our soldiers eventually to go home . 
  you guys are stopping that from ever happening . 
  do n't dignify whataboutism by debating the whatabout statement . 
  anyone who makes such ridiculous arguments are not interested in actual dialogue . 
  next he is going to blame the holodomor on the stupidity of ukrainian farmers . 
  what were we supposed to do , keep moving past berlin and on to moscow ? 
  maybe if we did n't have to finish off japan it would have been more palatable to sell to the american people back then . 
  and obviously , after 1989 the us totally ignored eastern europe , and did n't let them join nato or trade with them , right ? 
  if you paid any attention , you 'd see that the us is far more popular in eastern europe than in the west . 
  and every day they like us more , and germany less . 
  you are not endearing yourself to your neighbors . 
  if you think germans will ever give a fuck about ukraine , baltics or poland , you are wasting your time .
