  i also think the uk would mostly fall into this category as well . 
  great comment . 
  yes , i did enjoy the fish and chips , though i think the british style was much more greasy than i am used to . 
  what food i really enjoyed the best was turkish kebab shops . 
  i ate it almost every day , loved it . 
  my criticism back then was that if you just went into some random mid-priced restaurant or shop ( especially for lunch ) , the food often sucked . 
  i pretty much ate at pret or a kebab place . 
  though there was a really good french sandwich shop on regents street , which is now a starbucks . 
  i 'm sure it could have totally changed by now . 
  in 1998 in the us , our beers sucked ( with the exception of sierra nevada and sam adams ) . 
  yes , we had sam adams boston lager here in nyc , but otherwise it was literal pisswater . 
  now , even if you got into a shitty dive bar , there are going to have at least 2-3 local craft brews available , and if you go into a regular bar , probably 5 , and a nice bar 12 , and a `` beer bar '' they can have 40 craft beers , and some have way more than that . 
  and you can drink at the brewery as well , here is my favorite local , they have won gold medals at many competitions : http://www.peekskillbrewery.com/tap-room-2/house-beers/ so if we can change our beer in 20 years , i 'm sure you could have changed your food . 
  regulatory certainty . 
  yup , the whole book was put out to encourage people to drive , which creates demand for michelin tires . 
  youtube is blocked at work , so i ca n't watch that now , but i will check it out later . 
  if you read some of my other comments , you 'll see that i have not even gotten up to the point in the book where the archduke was assassinated . 
  i just got to the beginning of the section where austria/hungary is analyzed , and the the author does go into some detail about them suppressing every minority group in their empire . 
  so far , he makes the hungarians seem far more oppressive than the austrians . 
  i think it is safe to say that virulent nationalism was a present in pretty much all countries , us included at the time . 
  so as i progress in the book , i 'm sure that would be born out . 
  perhaps i should not have commented before completing the book . 
  it is just that the other books i have read did n't examine the archduke assassination at all . 
  they just treated it as a spark that started the whole thing , and that was it . 
  i 've read hundreds of pages on german atrocities and collective punishment of civilians in belgium . 
  in the us media/consciousness the serbs are not blamed at all , most of the focus is on kaiser wilhem , who is portrayed as a militaristic child who was waiting for any excuse to go to war . 
  as far as a monument to princip , of course he is personally less responsible that most world leaders . 
  the difference is that he was not some leader , he was just an assassin . 
   you 'll be damned crazy to think that we 'll allow someone else to rule us now . 
  i do n't want to rule you , i want the us out of europe 100 % . 
  look what is going on in ukraine . 
  the weak eu is going to drag us into it if anything serious goes down . 
  as far as i 'm concerned wwii is over , we have no need to continue to occupy europe . 
  the european nations should be left alone to their own devices . 
  totally agree . 
  i 'd rather eat something that looked like pig vomit , but tasted amazing , over a pretty plate that was bleh . 
  yeah , there is tons of propaganda , with fox being the leader . 
  but i think people are pretty sick of wars . 
  i personally never say `` thank you for your service '' to a vet , it 's cliche and condescending . 
  instead i ask them about their experience . 
  youtube is blocked at work , will check it out later . 
  thx . 
  does n't this make it a bit difficult for businesses to operate ? 
  only two times a day , unless the mcrib was on offer , than it was three times . 
  that is a pretty rare situation , i 've never come across it . 
  if you go somewhere that they give a shit about presentation , they usually give a shit about the food too . 
  [ does this link work ? 
  ] ( http://www.londontown.com/most-read/michelin-starred-restaurants ) [ this link ] ( http://food.uk.msn.com/restaurants/michelin-red-guide-2014-star-restaurants-results ) shows that the entire uk has four 3 star restaurants , three less than nyc alone . 
  i suppose you are right about it being a good thing to have 1 star places around , but the big pissing contest around the world is the three stars . 
  stuff is amazing . 
  i have n't even gotten to the part where the archdale was killed . 
  just got done with the black hand , and now i 'm starting the section on austria , and he does go into supression of the slavs . 
  so far he makes the hungarians look worse than the austrians . 
  old serbia was my term , it is n't in the book , though the author went into some detail where the black hand thought serbian state should extend to . 
  rochefort . 
  mmmmmmmmmm, 
  i 'm a us attorney that recently worked on a case that was governed by english law . 
  it was very interesting to see how often parliament passed acts abolishing agencies , creating new ones , and just changing the law much more often then in the us ( gridlock and all that ) . 
  the sleepwalkers discusses the warning given to the austrians . 
  it was vague , but it was something . 
  apparently the austrians were under the impression that the black hand was an internal serbian problem , and their main cause was to overthrow the serbian government . 
  they thought their belligerency about greater serbia was empty rhetoric . 
  do you ever listen to dan carlin 's hardcore hisotry podcasts ? 
  he goes into some detail about the kaiser , he was not impressed !, 
  the episode are road to armageddon 1-3 . 
  about 9 hours of listening . 
  he also goes into detail about german collective punishment in belgium . 
  i have n't reached the point of the archduke being killed in the sleepwalkers yet . 
  no one would argue that he `` alone '' caused it , but in the sleepwalkers , the author examines serbian nationalism of the time in detail . 
  half the government/military were black hand members , and they had some advance knowledge of what princip was going to do , and aided his band . 
  who is to say war would not have happened anyway , but the serbian irredentist movement of that era was quite strident . 
  it has also been suggested that the archduke was murdered because he sought to improve relations with the slavs , which would reduce the cries of the people for the restoration of `` old serbia . '', 
  still not smart of the archduke to visit on the day the battle in kosovo is commemorated . 
  i 'm reading sleepwalkers too , the serbs of that era were so damn nationalistic . 
  it might still be that way ... and i truly hope they are not planning a monument to princip !!, 
  you ca n't hold a candle to those scots . 
  that stereotype was true 30 years ago , there were tons of polish jokes . 
  not anymore though , you never hear that . 
  seven 3 star michelin restaurants in nyc brah . 
  our grub is good . 
  scotch egg is the bomb , love that ish . 
  whisky bread is amazing as well . 
  jewish dude from nyc here , i.e. , expert on lox and bagels . 
  i had the best ever lox and cream cheese sandwich ( on a baguette ) of my life in dublin . 
  it was 15 years ago , but i still dream about it . 
  so fucking good !!!, 
  also i just had a great time , everyone was friendly , and were happy to have a chat . 
  if was a refreshing change from living in london . 
  yeah , you might want to do a google search for `` viet nam protests '' or something like that . 
  you can criticize the government all you want for that disastrous war , but do n't pretend that the whole country was behind it . 
  a huge amount of the public were against it . 
  that is because they only got to [ san francisco , chicago and nyc ] ( http://usatravel.about.com/od/food-and-cuisine/ss/usa-michelin-restaurants.htm ) . 
  it is a much more limited operation over here . 
  as [ you can see here ] ( http://designrestaurants.wordpress.com/2013/09/26/the-full-list-of-2014-michelin-star-restaurants-in-the-uk/ ) they cover all of the uk . 
  i think london vs. nyc is more of a fair comparison . 
  [ nyc has seven 3 star restaruants ] ( http://www.grubstreet.com/2013/10/michelin-stars-new-york-restaurants-2014.html ) , [ london has two 3 star establishments ] ( http://www.grubstreet.com/2013/10/michelin-stars-new-york-restaurants-2014.html ) . 
  the 2 star numbers are similar , and 1 stars are n't even worth discussing . 
  3 stars are the big deal , the whole thing michelin is about . 
  also , i 've lived in both places , and in my personal opinion , nyc has better food . 
  not to say london has terrible food , it is a highly regarded culinary destination .
