  in germany i know that there is a lot of partnership between labor and corps. , and they agreed to keep wages down to increase competitiveness . 
  but they also agreed to give a decent wage to the lowest workers . 
  did she send you a thank you card ? 
  bad news , your relatives are freaks . 
  yeah , i know that , ge makes tons of software too . 
  but that 's not how the term `` tech company '' is used in american journalism . 
  i 'm not arguing if it 's right or wrong , i 'm just letting you know why that was said in the article . 
  the german state has agreed to take responsibility for damage caused by the third reich , it 's not at all about people today being guilty . 
  and who is going to pay for those crimes ? 
  and what does that have to do with germany paying reparations ? 
  in journalistic parlance , companies like siemens and ge would not be referred to as tech companies . 
  he means silicon valley type biz . 
  because internet . 
  [ where i learned about the chip butty ] ( https://twitter.com/partsunknowncnn/status/789966332506869760 ), 
  you are looking at that far too simplistically . 
  germany had no minimum wage for a very long time , and paid it 's workers very well . 
  i believe that was also the case in scandinavia . 
  secondly , there are so many different definitions of `` minimum wage '' in this country . 
  there is the federal min , then there are state min , and then there are municipal min ( $ 15 in seattle for example ) . 
  in some parts of the country , you are totally fucked if you make min wage , in other parts , you will be ok-ish . 
  in some parts of the country you will get many benefits if you are unemployed , it other parts , there are not many benefits at all . 
  i 'd agree that europe takes better care of it 's low paid people , but direct comparisons to the entire us is difficult , as wages/benefits are largely dictated by the states . 
  i 'm not really trying to make a point , i was asking a question ; if there are masses of unemployed people , minimum wage does n't tell the whole story . 
  thanks for actually answering . 
  man , so you are n't even going to answer the question ? 
  that 's pretty lame . 
  why has n't it happened already then ? 
  oh is it down to 40 % now ? 
  can you just answer my question ? 
  what unemployment benefits do those people get ? 
  a high min wage is n't helping those people . 
   in spain we have set a minimum salary of 1100 $ per month for 2020 , go figure . 
  you also have 50 % youth unemployment . 
  what benefits do those people receive from the government ? 
  do they get the 1100 ? 
  you pay for reddit and facebook ? 
  you are getting ripped off pal . 
  listen , if you guys can sit and gloat like children in this thread , i 'm more than entitled to be petty back . 
  i do know how it works , i just find it amusing that a bunch of euros are gloating about american nn on their apple and windows computers on reddit . 
  maybe they are also gloating about it on facebook , instagram and snapchat too , and taking breaks to shop on amazon while enjoying their native language instead of russian due to american defense . 
  do n't see that happening , but good luck . 
  beef bourguignon is `` typical '' french food to me . 
  i have no idea if it is irl , but it 's on pretty much every menu in a french restaurant here . 
  dey took ur jerb, 
  now there are hamburgers and pizza even where we do n't go . 
  mission accomplished !, 
  the swedes got famous crushing t_d , but the danes are the heavyweights . 
  hot dogs are from frankfurt . 
  our two favorite foods are german !, 
  flair does not check out . 
  not after this thread , sorry bub . 
  reddit and other american sites will be throttled , and europeans will have nowhere to talk to each other . 
  these signs were all over the nyc subway too . 
  see them less now, 
  i was referring to those studies that come out and list it by gdp , corproration hq , etc. , etc. 
  here is an overview : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_city, 
  i 've never seen paris as a `` global city . '', 
   i do n't see why british students are so fixated on studying in england only . 
  probably because most are monolingual . 
  only debt forgiveness is going to `` bear fruit . '', 
  probably less illegal balkanites than italians , so you might get less questions . 
  but honestly , you are going to get those questions going to any english speaking country , since so many people try to go to them for work . 
  i 've been asked the same exact questions and more going to canada and the uk . 
  my friend 's cousin from italy is barred from coming to the us for 10 years because he came here to work illegally , overstayed his tourist visa , then went to canada and tried to sneak back in . 
  as there are many people here with family in italy , that might be quite common , leading to more questions to italians . 
   also i am very biased because of friends who visited and had to undergo the weirdest questions on customs . 
  like what ? 
  you right . 
  wonder why i did n't get the `` link already submitted '' notification . 
  ah , jacob zuma . 
  well , tbf to him , he grew up in a hut , and did n't go to school . 
  trump was born to a real estate tycoon , and got an mba from an ivy league school . 
   you know that look right ? 
  oh yes , we have many vapid/aloof beautiful women in nyc . 
  zuma is an insanely good japanese restaurant in midtown manhattan , but i 'm guessing that is n't the reference ... ack , look at that hair !!!, 
  i have no faith in ivanka , she was a false hope to have an adult in the room , but daddy do n't listen . 
  it 's so fucking bad . 
  let 's hope orange jr 's emails are the beginning of the end . 
  it 's not your job to keep track of tweets between our awful president and his awful opponent . 
  i stole it from hillary . 
  glass houses . 
  because a massive proportion of the world 's problems were created by arbitrary lines placed on maps by europeans ? 
  and yes , i know , cofefve houses . 
  hey , i visited zagreb !, 
  ( because i lost my passport and had to go to the embassy ), 
   where can two dudes who like food and architecture go ? 
  nyc fool !, 
  or chicago for half the price . 
  split is fucking awesome . 
  the beer is insanely cheap . 
  i am friends with some survivors . 
  my condolences to you . 
  just a few disclaimers before i share my opinion , i have a jewish background , and am personal friends with a decent number of survivors of this massacre . 
  i 'm older than most redditors , so i remember all this in detail , as i was in college . 
  i actually find it to be a disgusting chapter in european history , that this was allowed to happen so soon after the holocaust . 
  it 's made me cynical about pacifists and western europeans because i think this genocide shows that there are some things worth fighting for . 
  and it 's important to point out that this happened about 1000km from munich , this was n't some far flung adventure in the me . 
  i believe germany was the first country to recognize the newly independent croatia , and maybe the thought of intervening against the serbs would bring back memories of how the nazis worked with the ustache , but at least go where the bosniaks were . 
  and i 'm not sure why the please of bosniaks were not a `` proper invitation . '', 
  now i think this pacifism in we relates to unwillingness to help out ee wrt russia , which pushes ee closer to the us than they are to we .
