  this article kind of sucks , he never describes the properties of shati , or at least the sahti he had . 
  and he 's way off with his `` boring ipa and apa '' craze . 
  farmhouse ales and sours have been the big rage for a few years now . 
  nothing promotes unity like winning !, 
  the name is n't worse . 
  that would be an interesting concept , an eu team that won a lot would be great for a `` european '' identity . 
  every country involved would have to give up the vast majority of their own athletes so that only the best from the entire eu went . 
  good practice for federalization i suppose . 
  do you have anything to back that up ? 
  i know nordics/austrians dominate a lot of the winter sports , but i 'm not sure what you mean by us/china/russia only specializing in a few . 
  balkan nationalism , and prussian militarism . 
  only when the fighter jets fly overhead . 
  yes , the south holds us back , but that 's the price for a large single market . 
  there might be ways of dealing with different costs in the same country , but i do n't think it 's different currencies . 
  btw , some site recently put together how much a dollar is worth in each state , pretty interesting . 
  but even that is n't granular enough , in upstate ny you can get a huge house on a few acres for $ 200k , and in manhattan you ca n't get a parking space for that much . 
  i was more making a factual statement than advocating for the euro . 
  i think the euro is an awful idea , and have been saying that for years . 
  i do think it 's a mistake to compare it in anyway to the us . 
  we are one nation with a unified culture , and while i totally agree that conservative states are taking advantage of it , it 's worth it . 
  it would be just as crazy as if wales got its own currency and london had another . 
  i also believe there is far more divergence among ez economies than there is among us state economies . 
  the walls are pretty damn high . 
  no way kids are getting them over , it 's adults . 
  flair checks out . 
  from 1771-1789 we had the articles on confederation , where every state had its own currencies . 
  it did not work well . 
  i saw armored psni trucks driving around . 
  but until recently , you were fighting with the russians . 
  i would think day to day it would be a great thing . 
  but i also think there could be serious trouble when they have all those bonfires/parades . 
  but you would know better than me , and people who live there would know better than us both . 
  i think you are the first walloon i 've seen on reddit . 
  * olde, 
  you saved all the jews , are a good friend to the us , and mercilessly mock swedes . 
  how could we not notice ? 
  if erdo goes totally crazy , turkey could be far more than a nuisance . 
  it 's in such a strategic location . 
  yes , it 's a very nice city , and then bam , crazy murals and walls . 
  i was shocked to hear they get closed every night , and you have to drive an extra 20 min to get around them after that . 
  and i saw some bricks that were thrown over the wall and were laying in the street . 
  if these things are removed without major issues , it would really be a great thing . 
  you did n't even ask a question . 
  grow up , other people were able to address this like aduts . 
  i saw the walls in belfast last summer . 
  wacky stuff , seemed so out of place in western europe . 
  rupert ? 
  dafuq keyboard you have ? 
  spy !!!, 
  it 's 1683 all over again . 
  foetus, 
  i 'm aware of french colonization , but not to the extent that pespeak french in the former colonies . 
  ah , so there would be no need for french to learn arab to speak to people from those countries ? 
  very helpful , thx . 
  i always say denmark is our best ally on the continent . 
  this could have been a text post . 
  it 's the 2nd most spoken language in france , it 's not a ridiculous suggestion . 
  if the british want to waste tons of time , paper and ink on extra `` u '' that 's their right . 
  what about poland , romania and denmark ? 
  i think estonia too . 
  want to mow my lawn ? 
  i 'll give you $ 20 . 
  you guys really are not very fond of germany . 
  south/midwest might say it . 
  agree 100 %, 
  but ... that 's my fetish . 
  needs the mexican flag . 
  do n't worry , it 's fake . 
  you 'd think arabic would be first . 
  chicken of the dead ? 
  resistance is futile . 
  we learn one , and then do n't speak it . 
  europeans nations have been involved in all our actions . 
  even if it 's token support . 
  so maybe the `` parents '' should try to grow up themselves . 
  very interesting !, 
  i was just joking , but sure , i 'm all for us ending our adventurism . 
  we use europe as a platform to project force more than we defend europe . 
  that being said , the world is going kookoo , and i doubt we will leave . 
  esp if putin and erdo become bffs . 
  i got that number from encyclopedia britannica . 
  japanese/germans did n't limit it to the elite , everyone was a target . 
  if you think ussr was worse , that 's your opinion . 
  but basically were are arguing over whether a piece of dog shit or horse shit tastes worse . 
  but we agree they are both shit . 
  [ eff vw ] ( https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/attachments/press-releases/ftc-charges-volkswagen-deceived-consumers-its-clean-diesel-campaign/vw-diesel-ad.jpg ), 
  katyn massacre was atrocious , but killing 4300 officers is not on the level of 200k-300k in nanking , nor the 12 million the germans killed . 
  ussr was horrible , stalin was horrible , ee was enslaved for 50 years , but japan/germany committed more atrocities during the war . 
  i 've read the gulag archipelago , a massive biography on stalin and plenty of other stuff . 
  i even own a m44 mosin . 
  the man was absolute evil , no doubt about it . 
  but here i 'm talking about their actions as occupiers , not how shitty they were to their own people . 
  they did n't have anything like industrial genocide or the rape of nanking . 
  yeah , i would n't doubt that . 
  i 'm just saying we do n't give weapons directly to them . 
  eh , frankonia is a reasonable dude , not some die linke maniac . 
  but i guess you are just having some fun ... 
   which make france the occupied country who sent the least number of volunteers to germany . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but poland had 0 volunteers . 
  you have the germans/japanese as the most brutal , and then you had the soviets who were horrific , but less brutal .
