  as for american cars in europe , i always see lots of fords . 
   did you know that the saint peter basilica 's door was once the door of the roman senate ? 
  really ? 
  i would have thought it was too big . 
  i do remember that the senate had no door . 
  i loved rome , felt more like nyc than any other place i 've been . 
  same energy and speed , and i think the people who live there think it 's the greatest city in the world . 
  if you did n't need to worry about a job , rome might be pretty awesome to live in . 
  but i was looking at it as somewhere awesome to visit , as where most people on this sub are looking at it with more scrutiny . 
  then the swedes and germans will buy those cars . 
  so many american classics going overseas ... 
  i do n't think they use petrol at all , though can probably still run on petrol . 
  i think they have a switch from one tank to the other . 
  we love you guys , probably among the most favorably viewed people in europe . 
  friendly people , amazing food , amazing history . 
  that 's exactly what someone who does n't want me to kidnap his elves would say . 
  if it makes you feel any better , here in the us you are known as the most skilled craftsmen in the world . 
  i park my car at haarlem avenue in the morning , and take the harlem line to grand central , but first we stop at harlem 125th street . 
  i should probably visit . 
  i 'm on a lot of muscle car fb pages , lot of dutch peeps . 
  they already run their cars on propane . 
  will they be able to keep them ? 
  the `` wedding cake '' was built in 1925 . 
  i went there as a person who wanted to see the history . 
  you are right , it 's not dynamic like paris/london , but as a visitor i found it amazing . 
  fair enough points . 
  athens has older stuff , though i 'm not sure in totality i 'm not sure if that means `` more history '' as opposed a longer history . 
  istanbul was a roman city , with a layer of ottoman on top , so maybe . 
  anyway , you get the point , rome has a fuckton of history !, 
  some of them , i assume , are good lobsters . 
  had the best time of my life as a student there . 
   the architecture is nothing to write home about if you complain about that , you will get a huge lecture on how that 's because they did n't surrender to the nazis ... 
  suppose that is n't wrong . 
  as a pedestrian ? 
  rome has the vatican , colosseum , pantheon , roman forum . 
  on every single street is an ancient monument , church , etc. 
  if anyone says it 's overrated , they are nuts . 
  not sure where there could possibly be more history in one place . 
   police were investigating the attacker 's motive . 
  switzerland 's 20 minuten newspaper reported on its website that police did not believe the incident was terrorist-related . 
  this article ( and others ) listed a 6 y/o victim . 
  i do n't see that on this article now . 
  ugh , a child was injured . 
  as you smiled , de gaulle smiled down from heaven . 
  not really pedantic . 
   elevation of 887 m ( 2,910 ft ) , [ 1 ] it is the highest point in both the kingdom of the netherlands , and , since the dissolution of the netherlands antilles on 10 october 2010 , the highest point in the netherlands proper . 
  thx for the interesting fact . 
  does that make kosovo feel separated from the rest ? 
  there are thousands of different ipas available in the us , but there are ones that are so good you would never call them boring . 
  outstanding beer is never boring , no matter what style . 
  yes , far more implications with the us . 
  thankfully it 's not looking good for trump . 
  as much as i would love to blame it on the south , that 's not true . 
  he won here in ny , which has a ton of delegates . 
  the issue is more the two party system , primary system , etc. 
  it needs reform bigtime . 
  in fact , a lot of traditional republicans do n't like trump because he does n't talk about religion/abortion . 
  i think a lot of republicans are just angry , and voting for trump is how they express their anger . 
  maybe like how it was for some brexit folks . 
  i do think that trump , along with sanders , did manage to bring free trade into the political mainstream . 
  no one really questioned it before that . 
  the republicans especially were huge free traders . 
  the fact that so many important republicans are coming out publicly against trump give me hope . 
  there are actually some people that put the country ahead of their party . 
  we 've never had an authoritarian populist president here , and we need to keep it that way . 
  it 's a shame the alternative to him is a corrupt , lying , corporate whore , but we have no choice . 
  let 's just hope trump does the republican party in for good , and the bigger debate becomes between the sanders wing and clinton people . 
  clinton is basically a moderate republican . 
  this situation reminds me of chirac v. le pen . 
  an insane candidate made it all the way to the final round , but was soundly beaten . 
  that 's what happens when people are angry . 
  fuck that guy . 
  you have until 11:59 pm , unless otherwise stated in the lease . 
  not sure how much in damages you can claim for finnish liquor . 
  now your canadian suggestion makes sense . 
  wow , where did i get latvian from ? 
  :-( ma bad . 
  eh , he was just using dramatic language for effect . 
  i think . 
  bruh, 
  dutch cops vs us special forces ? 
  would be a really short movie !, 
  anything from unibroue is awesome , but i do n't really know any other good canadian beer ... and molson does not count !, 
  please send latvian beer . 
  thx, 
  yeah , that 's definitely not true , but 5 years ago or so , it was all anyone was making . 
   the scope of review of a writ of habeas corpus in extradition is meant to be limited . 
  [ 18 ] it is settled to cover at least inquiries on whether : ( 1 ) the extradition magistrate acquired jurisdiction over the individual and the matter ; ( 2 ) the crime for which extradition is sought is included within the treaty as an extraditable offense , and ( 3 ) whether there is probable cause to commit the relator to trial . 
  [ 19 ] many courts , however , have adopted an `` expanded '' scope of habeas review that additionally considers issues about the violation of constitutional rights . 
  [ 20 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extradition_law_in_the_united_states#international_extradition, 
  valid point , and probably why it would never happen . 
   at one of the posh resorts in the pocono mountains lel, 
  we 're getting invaded . 
  well , california was settled by the spanish , has lots of spanish place names and architecture , and it 's filled with people who speak spanish . 
  so i 'd so you are right . 
  when i brought my spanish ex there , she felt more at home than she did in ny . 
  give us actual evidence , and we will send him over . 
  otherwise , stfu . 
  edit : actually just give us time to review the evidence you already sent . 
  [ we took it a bit further than that ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/world/europe/2009/0213/p05s01-woeu.html ),
