  and all that great beer is cheap ??? 
  sign me up !, 
  you need to get a bunch of reindeer in helsinki ( maybe there already are ) , they would like pics of that . 
  it is true i can 100 % get by with one language . 
  i do think there are benefits to multilingualism though , it has to make your brain work better , and reading websites in the native language is good too . 
  but yeah , i will probably never learn another :-( belgium is an interesting place , i definitely plan to visit soon , i hear it is super cheap in the winter . 
  my two favorite things are history and beer , and belgium has a lot of both . 
  i am specifically interested in wwi , so it is a must . 
  i found it interesting that the trappist breweries are distributed evenly between wallonia and flanders , i would have thought most would have been in flanders . 
  i wonder what percentage of belgian beer is exports go to the us . 
  it has gotten to the point here that i can find chimay at pretty much every grocery store , duvel too . 
  going to have a few belgian beers tonight . 
  i guess you could say that those souvenirs shops are ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) finnished ... 
  ok , if you went to a totally french speaking area in wallonia , and started speaking flemish to a french speaker , what would the reaction typically be ? 
  the francophones can be interesting people . 
  i 'm reading a book about wwi , and the french ambassador to the uk had every single word translated to him , even yes and no . 
  he would not acknowledge any other language than french , and believed that teaching french children english would cause mental retardation . 
  so this attitude is nothing new . 
  i know i speak only one language because i am lazy , not because other languages suck . 
  interesting , i 'm surprised they would even mention males for a vibrator back then . 
  uh , do they work well for males ? 
  my friend wants to know . 
  yes , but the guy you were replying to said ireland gives out passports for people who can prove descent , and you said `` as does yours my friend . '', 
  ah , that is very interesting . 
  i suppose if you are in an area that clearly speaks one language or the other , it is n't much of an issue . 
  i 'm not sure anyone would get offended that spanish was spoken to them , just completely confused . 
  they might get annoyed if the person did n't speak any english though . 
  i 'm a white guy who lived in the most dominican neighborhood in manhattan , and this did n't happen once . 
  where does south end and southeast begin ? 
  no , we do n't recognize it and have sanctions because of it . 
  but we are n't going to fight a war over it . 
  so us citizenship , not descent . 
  sorry , just nitpicking . 
  yes , i have heard from croatians themselves that the country has never repented for the usta\u0161e . 
  what they did was horrendous . 
  the bosnian friends i have made are great , and we are taking one out to dinner at a place called dubrovnik for her birthday . 
  also , balkan women are hot . 
  tall and skinny . 
  some of the bosnians i know survived srebrenica , that was crazy shit . 
  but most of them do not hate the serbian people , and want to move on . 
  i also think it 's great how all the balkan folks ( most who came here as refugees ) have integrated so well . 
  this is usually not an issue for any immigrants here , but these people who came here as very young refugees who did not speak english are now doing very well for themselves . 
  they work at fortune 500 companies , are phsyical therapists , business people and so on and so forth . 
  usually the first generation does n't do so well like that . 
  also , socially , they fit right in , they are never condescending or arrogant . 
  they work their asses off and are a lot of fun . 
  they make me feel lazy !, 
  they came here with nothing and have built themselves up , while i had it easy . 
  so basically , i think they are some of the best americans around , and we are very lucky to have them here . 
  i would like a whole bunch more to come here , but maybe that is n't so good for you guys . 
  as for visiting serbia , i will one day . 
  my father went to belgrade and loved it . 
  next summer we plan to go to sarajevo , maybe we will make it a bigger trip . 
  oh , my favorite story about hanging out with bosnians was watching bosnia play in the world cup when they got cheated out of a goal and lost . 
  my wife and i were the only people there besides small children not to be born in bosnia . 
  when it became clear that bosnia was not going to win , they started chanting `` usa !, 
  usa ! '', 
  because that is who they were going to root for now . 
  it was awesome . 
  yes , but it does oppose the sanctions . 
  what is american descent ? 
  we are a bunch of mutts . 
  ( besides natives of course ), 
  lol . 
  did you convert ? 
  i was replying to this :  i do n't know man , americans even manage to piss off other americans to great efficiency ( if i go by what i see on the news ) . 
  i have heard otherwise from people who lived in brussels and on reddit . 
  a friend of mine grew up in lichtenstein and speaks seven languages . 
  naturally , there was much work for him in brussels . 
  now , i do n't recall exactly where it was massively offensive to speak the wrong language in the wrong area ( south of the city , maybe ? ) . 
  he told me that you will never get a dirty look in your life as when you do this . 
  anyway , the larger point just was that in every country on earth people disagree , and just from watching the news of whatever is no grounds to think it is particularly worse anywhere . 
  i mean if you have ethnic violence or a civil war , that is one thing , otherwise i do n't think that is a supportable statement . 
  on my screen , the cross is off to the right ... 
   think that new york is the capital of the us . 
  silly , we are the capitol of the world . 
  that guy is awesome , but i 'm a bit confused . 
  yeah , like when a redditor calls me a christian fundie who drives a pickup truck . 
  i live in nyc goddammit , not texas !, 
   if you 're a dixie american you can pull out a confederate flag and ask the german why he/she does n't fly a nazi flag on holidays since it 's part of their ancestry . 
  lol, 
  you just used an american movie to describe the french language . 
  traitor !, 
   particularly precious use this phrase to anyone , and they will become irate . 
  lol , bugs named after germans and russians , love it !, 
  no wonder you guys managed to stay out of the soviet sphere . 
  are serbs still upset about germany 's support for croat fascists during wwii ? 
  though they got so out of hand with the murdering that hitler got offended . 
  crazy . 
  i 've been to croatia and have many bosnian friends in the us . 
  the balkans are so complicated !, 
  the fact that she is a texan does n't help her case . 
  seriously . 
  i live in nyc , during rush hour , there are `` rules '' on the subway , because it is so packed . 
  like move in the car as far as possible , stay still and be quiet . 
  i 've had so many italians not holding onto the pole and falling on me , screaming and laughing right in my ear and generally acting ridiculous . 
  i assume these folks are from rural areas , because in rome it was n't like this . 
  i 've never said anything to them , since they do n't know any better . 
  the french are also extremely loud , but otherwise not offensive . 
  i 'm sorry , but we can not compete with the chinese .
