  it 's no myth . 
  it is not the place of europeans to criticize their customs . 
  i do n't know , the uk `` offensive tweet law '' has n't been struck down . 
  sorry , most of us are familiar with hate speech restrictions , but the personal honor thing is so different that most people would n't understand the concept . 
  i 'm an american lawyer , and i 'm a bit shocked that exists . 
  but as you said , much different legal traditions . 
  til that peepee and poopy is really funny in germany . 
  the law specifically delegated the choice to merkel , it is not a violation of the separation of powers . 
  it 's a horrible law though . 
  do n't be so hard on yourself , your wit is extremely disappointing . 
  eh , i get where you are coming from . 
  i have a jewish background , but no one can tell , and i went to a bar in santa fe new mexico , and this biker guy is complaining about his boss , calling him `` jewboy . '', 
  i flipped out on him a bit , my wife was getting all freaked out . 
  after that , i just wanted to get out town , it sucked . 
  but i 'd like to give it another chance . 
  i 've never in my life heard someone complain about jews in public in the us . 
  it had to be just 1 asshole . 
  my friend 's dad escaped hungary in ' 56 . 
  he took my friend ( his son ) to budapest in '96 or ' 97 , he was 19 . 
  he described it just like you did . 
  he said it was amazing music and women . 
  yeah , but that is wrong and border line insane . 
  to many , denmark appears to be a sane nation , not a xenophobic one . 
  denmark made those commercials telling people to have kids , so there 's that . 
  umm , is that real ? 
  i would not accuse the french and british of losing all feelings of nationalism , certainly not like in germany . 
  not that it is particularly fashionable to be overtly nationalist in either place . 
  czechsylvania, 
  well , at least there was n't a war !, 
  i thought chechnya was a province in china . 
  i 'm sick of it myself . 
  total clownfest . 
  yes you can ; be drunk , vomiting and cursing whilst giving the wanker sign . 
  happens to the best of us . 
  that 's the joke ... 
  silence , you insolent appeaser . 
  because there is a very stupid german law saying you can not insult heads of state , it 's not because erdogan is a baby . 
  sorry guys , i 'm sticking with czechoslovakia . 
  but those are just lagers , right ? 
  i want to try the traditional beers . 
  granted , i have n't had these beers , so i suppose it 's possible they suck , but the reason to export would be because they are unique and there is nothing else like it on the market . 
  i did read there were raw beers that would not travel , but i assume there would be other styles that could survive shipping . 
  i plan my vacations around breweries , and beer is a big part of my life ... we absolutely have great beers here , and every style imaginable . . 
  except these baltic beers . 
  at one of my local breweries they did have a dark lithuanian style ( made with rye i believe ) , but otherwise it just is n't around . 
  so it 's not that i ca n't get good beer , but i want to try every kind of beer in the world . 
  this could be a good business opportunity , start exporting it !, 
   my guide had warned me about the local etiquette : `` you have to drink , because if you do not drink , it means you hate her . '' :-d, 
  beer is life . 
  try sending some over here . 
  thx . 
  very cool !!, 
  wish i could find some of these beers in the us . 
  uh , maybe if you are talking about a family biz . 
  that probably because most jews live in urban/suburban areas in nyc/boston/la where houses cost more . 
  i 've never heard that stat myself . 
  income would be a better measure . 
  there are plenty of us us jews in science , medicine , etc. , but i 'm not sure anyone keeps track . 
  it 's not such a big deal in this country . 
  you do n't hear too much of a discussion about bernie being jewish . 
  we have wood pipes here ? 
  gib monies, 
  yeah , so norway seems pretty cool . 
  wrong, 
  dude, 
  yup, 
  you do n't find it at least slightly amusing that the german lords of pacifism and the swedish lords of neutrality export tons of weapons ? 
  / r/europe can be objective , / r/unitedkingdom is either a bunch of children , or some sort of satirical performance . 
  do n't waste your time there . 
  and his mom smoked crack while pregnant . 
  they are really pissed . 
  their license plate says `` taxation without representation . '', 
  it should be a state imho . 
  like if the eu dissolved or something ? 
  dude , i love taters , it was the french condescension of taters that was amusing . 
  ` tis an ancient tradition that must be respected . 
  it could become the capital city of the eu , and be considered eu territory . 
  well i do n't want to blame it on the the culture in chile , because i do n't know how widespread this superstition is there . 
  this woman is borderline mentally ill , so there is that . 
  i think washington dc is a better example , no ? 
  that 's why it 's called the right hand . 
  common in many cultures . 
  hell , my friend 's insane chilean mother in law keeps telling his son he is using the hand of the devil . 
  i found the potato stew bit amusing . 
   dutch speakers , now a majority of 60 percent , were considered peasants by the french speakers , who found their potato stew culture nearly barbaric . 
  is that mr. nokia ? 
  bc english makes no sense . 
  no , we just stop after college . 
  people know dracula, 
  a danish, 
  apparently we do n't puke and piss in public enough . 
  we love you so much that we named a pastry after you . 
  no , your personal experience is wrong , you should listen to random redditors instead . 
  anyone who comes here legally is fine . 
  i did n't know we had illegal romanians . 
  no need to apologize for loving your country . 
  in fact , it 's better than being a self hater . 
  you think that is about romanians ? 
  even trump wants legal immigrants . 
  come on over !,
