  sure , i 'll sponsor you . 
  i 'm a little confused , what do you mean ? 
  as in monolingual ? 
  here france is definitely known for having a beautiful countryside , italy too . 
  i dated a spanish girl that i met studying in london , and she got a scholarship to come teach in the us . 
  whenever we were with my friends i 'd tell them how spain was just like mexico , with tacos and burritos , and there is really no difference . 
  she would get enraged everytime . 
  bunch of wusses . 
  i ca n't speak for anywhere else , but in the us , stalin and the soviet union are not considered `` good . '', 
  we had to deal with stalin to beat the nazis ( while fighting in the pacific ) , but then there was the cold war and all that . 
  i thought we always get accused of not counting the russian contribution to wwii . 
  was n't the biggest problem that each state issued it 's own currency ? 
  i 've heard it said that the problem was they gave citizenship to anyone who fought for them . 
  before that , wealthy landowners were the military . 
   so common media outlets , common tv shows , common online communities , etc. 
  right now the most common factor would be american media . 
  our troops will be departing from germany , so it still kind of works . 
   so at least for some people , ww2 is now as relevant as origin mythology . 
  frightening . 
  i 'm just kidding , i do n't go to / r/europe to recruit , i go to every sub . 
  the cia pays me every time i get a productive person to come over here . 
  so far i 've made 0 $ . 
  or the worlds first industrial genocide only 70 years ago . 
  i 've heard that one from a few bosnians who immigrated here . 
  til london is also called hartlepool . 
  ctrl f `` jew '' was not dissapoint . 
  sweden has the same policy on discussion of immigration as the mods of / r/europe . 
  no true estonian is named vlad , huh ? 
  fyi - http://www.bostonherald.com/news_opinion/us_politics/2015/08/poll_bernie_sanders_surges_ahead_of_hillary_clinton_in_nh_44_37 i come to / r/europe for the sole reason of recruiting new americans . 
  they are taking a very european approach to speech , are n't they ? 
  i do n't doubt that for one second . 
  but our system has a high recidivism rate , and is n't working . 
  it will be a long , slow process . 
  ha , i wish . 
  i 've been a fan of his forever . 
  but just come here if you want to , no one will yell `` you took our jerbs ! '', 
  i was trying to convey that at the time germany surrendered we did not have enough nukes for russia and japan . 
  that was a cool ama . 
  germany surrendered on may 8 . 
  were we supposed to nuke moscow and surprise attack the russians in berlin ? 
   passive and indoctrinated populations in the north , arrogant greedy people in the west , corruption in the south and criminals in the east . 
  quality stuff . 
  i 'm sure you picked up on the fact that i was being facetious . 
  obviously they would n't do shit for you . 
  maybe you can work for one of those american companies and transfer to the us ? 
  the nukes were n't ready at ve day , and we barely had enough uranium for the bombs in japan . 
  here is an interesting bit about patton though : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/3869117/general-george-s.-patton-was-assassinated-to-silence-his-criticism-of-allied-war-leaders-claims-new-book.html with japan going on , i just do n't think it was realistic . 
  secondly , no one can invade and hold russia , and i 'm not sure how realistic regime change would have been . 
  general mcarthur made the argument that we should have attacked china during the korean war , and we did n't do that either . 
  eastern europe is safe now , there is a mutual defense clause , glorious and rich western europe shall protect you . 
  you do n't need us anymore . 
  it is a fucking joke that this got removed . 
  i think the mods took this post down . 
  it seems we have a lot in common . 
  is that you donald trump ? 
  immigrants are less likely to commit crime , because they do n't want to be deported . 
  i 'm pretty sure he is talking about one specific demographic . 
  nice !!, 
  we are really looking forward to it . 
  will be at the castle for two nights . 
  and obviously it 's a much bigger deal to americans , who do n't get to see cool old castles very often . 
  really psyched for this trip !!!, 
  thanks man !, 
  you guys have those amnesties all the time , do n't you ? 
  true , they are both illegal here . 
  i see this comment all the time , and i think it 's ridiculous . 
  the us was supposed to go from wwii right into wwiii ? 
  we had a few people propose that , and it got quickly denied . 
  in case you do n't remember , we were fighting on two fronts , and largely alone in the pacific ( yes , i know we had some help ) . 
  when germany was defeated , we switched out attention to japan . 
  they had a few issues with the jews as well . 
  the craziest bit about this is that stalin was georgian . 
  this belongs in le megathread !!, 
  very interesting !, 
  i 've heard dingle is very nice . 
  really ? 
  i do n't know so much about it . 
  thank you for perogies , keilbasa and kosciusko . 
  it had no live munitions . 
  i did n't know that about the irish flag , that is really cool . 
  i 'm surprised that orange was included in 1916 . 
  we can definitely learn from europe on this . 
  will check it out , thanks . 
  is dart an option ? 
  what is this best public transportation from dublin to dundalk ? 
  thanks again . 
  i am truley sorry for your lots . 
  follow up question , would this be fun for a couple of nights ? 
  snug pubs !, 
  i want to take one of those mural tours . 
  is that considered bad taste ? 
  well , you have to understand that folks like snickerboy tend to be from the midwest and the west coast , where people are very earnest and nice . 
  i 'm from the northeast , we are sarcastic assholes . 
  my friends and i have caused mortal offense to those folks on many occasions . 
  i studied in london , and the whe taking the pissed thing made sense to me . 
  though i think we talk more about `` your mother '' over here . 
  the groom at the wedding i 'm going to is my english friend i met 17 years ago . 
  and seriously , i never get anyone gifts . 
  the selfish cunts . 
  sweet !,
