  not to mention , germany can pour some of it 's surplus into it 's massive arms industry . 
  you could give eu nations price breaks which would further stimulate you arms industry . 
  it 's not about making the us happy , it 's about eu stability and solidarity . 
  is germany threatened ? 
  do poland and the baltics have a hostile neighbor ? 
  yes . 
  you are in nato , and you have responsibilities to eu nations as well , that is why you must have a functioning military . 
  it does n't have to be cold war levels or anything like that , just competent . 
  unless you are saying as long as germany is fine , who cares about the rest . 
  so your king saves the jews , but not people do n't like them . 
  : - / how many jews are there ? 
  yes , but because you are actually taking your own defense seriously , i think it 's more than fair for you to rely on the us/uk . 
  you are n't just sitting there with a disbanded military . 
  so good on australia . 
  oh wow , you are taking your own security seriously ? 
  maybe some european nations will see that it is indeed possible . 
  yes , and i 'm saying he knows and admits it 's poor . 
  yes , he admitted he made a mistake with libya . 
  as for the surge , we were already there , he really did n't have much choice . 
  he suspended support for `` moderate '' rebels in syria , that also failed . 
  obama would not argue that the us was on the wrong side of history with the iraq invasion , and he has already said the libya was wrong . 
  yeah , they were property of german princes who rented them out to the king . 
  also , many who were pows were offered free land if they fought for the americans . 
  i hide stuff in my butt all the time and they never check . 
  lot of german mercenaries were employed by king george . 
  i 've lived in the uk , seems like anyone who wants to could assimilate fairly easily . 
  it 's just that some people do n't want to i suppose . 
  thanks , i was n't depressed enough this morning . 
  just visit and charm an american girl , and you 'll be set . 
  three generations ? 
  ee people integrate here in 10 seconds if they speak english . 
  i wish we had more coming here . 
  did they give him a cavity search ? 
  he meant left europe for the us/canada . 
  happy 4/20 !, 
  more than for profit prisons , it 's lobbying by public prison guard unions . 
  they 've had to close a lot of prisons in upstate ny because crime is down , and they are really freaking out up there . 
  no , they are put in administrative segregation with other molesters and rapists . 
  yeah , we were talking about the us . 
  it 's just an excuse for all the prisoners , prison guard unions advocating for harsh laws to keep the jail population high is the real reason . 
  i 'm pretty shocked by that . 
  guess we still have a decent amount of kooks around . 
  no thank you . 
  a shameful day for / r/sweden and / r/the _ donald . 
  you can find cheaper i 've heard . 
  i 'm sorry , you are going to have to speak to the germans about debt ... 
  username checks out . 
  a huge ring was shut down last year . 
  the vast majority of houses here are wooden . 
  when my ex-gf from spain moved here she was shocked and could n't believe it was allowed . 
  [ outraged gagging intensifies ], 
  italian immigrants brought this law to nyc , we are forever in debt to them . 
  i would kick your ass as well . 
  i like you even though you are poor . 
  do n't listen to these meanies . 
  seriously , wtf is up with that ? 
  i do n't support people from upstate putting ranch dressing on pizza , but this is a whole different level of wrong . 
  what were you doing man , i 've never been yelled at as a pedestrian and i 'm almost 40 !, 
  most places where there is population density , there are sidewalks , but not so much on main roads between towns . 
  bike paths would be a better investment if you ask me , you can walk on them as well . 
  we need to raise our fuel taxes to improve our infrastructure . 
  taxes have n't gone up since the '90s , it 's ridiculous . 
  we would still have some of the lowest prices around with a tax increase . 
  lord jeebus , that is brutal . 
  just in case we need to have another one i guess . 
  pathetic . 
  it 's so low now that it 's surprising to us too . 
  i think `` infantile '' is more fitting than naive . 
  you 'd think his own party might care ... 
  meaning people in his own party knew , right ? 
  i thought it his views were well known , but ignored . 
  you guys use the tax as a way to hold down carbon emissions , right ? 
  i know . 
  we still had a civil war to really settle the issue of the federal government . 
  russians in brooklyn are famous for doing this in the us . 
  yes , i have seen lots of stuff about jews being harassed in malmo , etc. 
  i 'm just surprised that someone with such views could have made it so far in government . 
  yes , it does n't stay light until 9am here . 
  it 's a good response , i just do n't know how he got the job in the first place . 
  as long as your properly maintain it , it will last indefinitely , well over 100 years . 
  yes , in many places in continental europe , stone/brick/concrete must be used , and it seems to be hard for them to comprehend that wood can even be used . 
  i do understand that it makes no sense for countries without forest to use wood , but it is a completely acceptable material . 
  yup , in the town i grew up in near nyc , we have a decent number of wooden buildings from the mid 1700s . 
  very cool . 
  we produce a lot of oil , and we do n't tax a lot . 
  we need to raise the tax a bit in order to fund infrastructure . 
  yup , it 's almost like in countries with tons of forests , wooden houses are common . 
  i always see comments indicating that they will all burn down and can only last 20 years . 
  i 'm not sure about 10 story wooden towers though !, 
  what is a `` mini ny ? '', 
  if sweden is so `` pc , '' why does it seem to not be a big deal to hate jews ? 
  no one freaking out about wooden houses in this thread ? 
  looks almost identical to us middle class life . 
  besides the gas prices , ouch !, 
  i saw one in the wild today . 
  wearing the hat and a t-shirt . 
  he 's the danish ted cruz . 
  just kidding , ted cruz is much worse . 
  my english friend was working in egypt on 9/11 . 
  there was much celebration and westerners were tuanted .
