  what a piece of shit . 
  in the us , probably none . 
  we do n't do diesels here , because they are dirty . 
  there have not been issues with petrol cars . 
  this is n't true !, 
  german engineering does not need to be rigged !, 
  most american jews think that any jew who lives in europe is insane to do so . 
  the superintendent of my building is a kosovar , and plenty of them live around me . 
  they are not religious assholes . 
  you underestimate how many people go to this solo . 
  i saw germans in donegal drinking guinness draught out of the can !!, 
  and they were wearing `` hard rock dublin '' t-shirts . 
  yeah , i 'm aware it 's a bad scene , and know about all the things jews have to deal with over there . 
  how many refugees will france be getting from this deal ? 
  what is the reaction ? 
  i 'm not sure how dangerous it is , though it might seem that way because it 's new to you . 
  over here you have people saying they are irish , or italian or whatever , but really , we are all lumped together as white . 
  this stuff is n't even near greece . 
  i feel no connection to anywhere but the us . 
  in fact , before going to ireland this summer , i 'd never considered living anywhere else in my life . 
  i did a semester abroad in college , studied in london , have friends from there for 20 years now . 
  i dated a spanish girl for 5 years , she even moved to the us . 
  but i still never considered living in europe , and i do n't think i 'd ever live on the continent . 
  my family is a mix of a lot of stuff . 
  75 % of my ancestors were jewish , but from all over . 
  my great grandfather left vienna in 1899 , on the other side , they left russia/poland around the same time . 
  apparently my maternal great grandmother 's family left bulgaria and romania in the 1880s . 
  my paternal great-great grandfather left sicily in the 1890s when he was older ( they were catholic ) . 
  basically , i owe this country my life , since the odds are all rhose left behind were killed in the holocaust . 
  we did some jewish stuff when i was a kid , and we also did christmas . 
  as a result , i have no attachment to either religion . 
  tomorrow is the holiest day in judaism , and i 'm working . 
  i do appreciate the emphasis on education that jews have . 
  my aunt went on one of the websites and traced our whole family history , i have n't looked at it yet though . 
  i 'm a 5th gen nyc ` er , so that is what i identify with . 
  i know there are other americans that identify with their roots more than me . 
  we watched asterix in french class . 
  he was always dealing with roman bureaucrats . 
  i hear you . 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong with identifying as white . 
  did you just think of yourself as french before that ? 
  i do think somalians brand of islam is a major hindrance to assimilation . 
  and you really hit the nail on the head with the civic nationalism thing . 
  i think it really encourages assimilation , because according to civic nationalism , a new citizen is just as american as me , and my family has been here since the 1880s . 
  and americans love when someone becomes a citizen , it 's such a compliment that someone chose to be one of us . 
  also , immigrants bust their asses and make us native born folks look like lazy pieces of shit . 
  as far as german being banned , that was all a result of policies during wwi . 
  remember , we have no official language , and that kind of thing would be considered unconstitutional today . 
  people can do anything in whatever language they want , but obviously most government business is in english . 
  in nyc we do have forms in so many languages , and on the subway there are signs in english , spanish , korean , chinese , and russian . 
  and we did make plain old `` white '' people , but there was a lot of religious tensions in the past , though not as much now . 
  civic nationalism is they key . 
  and people might laugh at the pledge of allegiance and singing the national anthem before sports events , but things like that helped ease people into an american identity . 
  americans have a very strong sense of unity , especially if we are threatened . 
  when are you going to fix that ? 
  my friend 's wife is also a permanent resident . 
  she said if she became an american citizen that she would not be able to inherit real estate from her parents . 
  is that true ? 
  does russia penalize people who become citizens somewhere else ? 
  well , they are still on the first generation , so maybe their kids will be better . 
  but they do n't work , and many have been recruited by terrorists . 
  it 's a shame . 
  the thing is , we do n't do anything to make people assimilate , it just happens . 
  i have a bunch of bosnian friends from srebernica who were kicked out of germany when they fled their after the massacre . 
  they all became citizens here , went to college , busted their asses and now are very successful . 
  we just provide opportunity for them . 
  i was in queens ( outer borough of nyc ) last summer watching the world cup with all these bosnians on the street . 
  my wife and i were the only american born people there . 
  it was bosnia against nigeria ( i think ) . 
  when it became clear that bosnia was not going to win , they all started chanting `` usa !, 
  usa ! '', 
  because that was the team they were going to follow . 
  it was funny as hell , but i was really touched . 
  these people really became great americans , and are very happy that they were allowed to come here as refugees . 
  that being said , they did not have it easy . 
  the parents of all these people had to work 2 or 3 menial jobs for minimum wage in order to take care of their families . 
  they were not handed anything . 
  yeah mofo , you are one of us . 
  are you a citizen ? 
  going to become one ? 
  i do n't think that its funny , i think it 's sad . 
  the swedes are ridiculous . 
  yup . 
  even here , somalis do n't integrate ... 
  it 's just getting started !!, 
  it 's going to be very interesting to watch . 
   we 're not driving them underground or disappearing people ... we just expect them to stay reasonable in public and not call for ethnic cleansing on tv , even if they would really like to rant about it at length . 
  is this on the theory that such statements are antithetical to the values of the republic ? 
  he was saying ethnic , meaning that a totally westernized person from an ethnic group that he did not approve of still would not work . 
  maybe i 'm splitting hairs , but it 's an important distinction in my opinion . 
  but is n't the current eu already committed to an `` ever closer union ? '', 
  instead of all these crazy opt-outs , there should be a permanently reduced level of commitment for nations like denmark and the uk . 
  it would work out better for all ( in my opinion ) . 
  links brah, 
  oh , i know this . 
  i have a jewish background and have paid attention to fn since the mid 90s , because it is of personal interest . 
  i 'm not saying fn is good in any way , i 'm saying i 'm not sure these specific statements warrant charges . 
  i admit i 'm heavily biased towards free speech and i often defend neo-nazis right to deny the holocaust . 
  it is better to know where the lunatics are then having them go underground . 
  it s pc gone wild .
