  some angry dutch too . 
  it 's a territory , not a state . 
  my feels go out to you . 
  work without reddit is the worst . 
  release the fritzl , he is up to the job . 
  what american has them fancy dots on their keyboard ??? 
  you one of them learnin types ? 
  they do n't teach us anything , we just eat junk food and drink soda all day , then go home . 
  are you a german living in denmark ? 
  you took that quite literally . 
  look , if germany had n't been stupid enough to send a telegram to mexico in which they tried to bribe mexico to attack us , we would not have gotten involved in wwi . 
  as for wwii , obviously we should let the europeans kill each other so we are in charge after the war . 
  we stopped selling shit to germany pretty early though . 
  honestly , i 'd be 100 % cool with this if you would just ditch the freakin queen . 
  no , no , we will always take greece 's side over germany , that 's the bigger fight !, 
  fyi : it 's always ok to make fun of evil brits , especially the queen . 
  http://www.mountvernon.org/research-collections/digital-encyclopedia/article/hessians/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hessian_%28soldier%29, 
  you should n't talk , you sent many mercenaries on behalf of king george !, 
  bad hessians !, 
  bad !!, 
  shrooms plz, 
  never get high on your own supply . 
  sounds like a bunch of terrorists . 
  sounds like you need some canadian freedom . 
  prepare your orifices for mass quantities of maple syrup . 
  no need to apologize . 
  the folks doing strategic predictions are interested in the process and discussion that get those public numbers out there . 
  they probably also do not want to wait for a press release . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right , i 'm saying it is useful . 
  you really believe there is much of a parallel between us states in a fiscal union in the first half of the 19th century and an independent nation in the eu in the 21st century ? 
  if that is the case , a much better example would be how alexander hamilton federalized the state debts after the revolutionary war , and we then entered into fiscal union . 
  once there is fiscal union , the union can survive . 
  i meant the rise of the right in greece , not necessarily elsewhere . 
  aggregate global production dictates prices . 
  oh , i know you were n't blaming us at all . 
  i agree that would be optimal , but i 'm not sure there is the trust to do that . 
  i understand that , but it would have some effect . 
  sorry for not hating you guys :-(, 
   like you said , we do n't know what will happen . 
  i guess that is my biggest issue . 
  i do n't think risking the european project is worth a few billion . 
  i care for a lot of reasons . 
  first off , i seem to be among the few who think it 's going to be horrific to see a country go into the shitter . 
  it will be worse than the great depression . 
  i also think it is really going to give rise to the far right , and the migrants will be attacked . 
  i think it will destroy european unity , and kill any chance for a fiscal union . 
  it will be the bad old days . 
  it could be a chance for a great compromise , but i suppose the greeks are n't the best at compromising . 
  it 's just that you take this , russia , the migrants issue , the rise of populist parties , it just could get very ugly . 
  a weak europe is bad for the western world . 
  you are being myopic . 
  first lets start with the effects of seeing greece totally crushed . 
  bread lines and golden dawn , and then starts all the `` germany , a nation which was crushed by the debts of versailles , drives greece into the utmost deprivation . '', 
  it 's going to make germany look horrible , though that is the least of the problems . 
  i thought the world learned that austerity and punishment do not work ? 
  i thought at least germany learned that . 
  but that is just minor , the real damage will be the reputation of the eu , and the viability of the euro . 
  do you understand how ridiculous this looks to the rest of us ? 
  it is going to undermine confidence in the entire european project . 
  it very well may spread contagion to other southern countries . 
  the point is , it is not worth the risk !!!, 
  not for this much money . 
  i get it , the greeks were wrong , and bad , but it is n't worth destroying everything for . 
  this is uncharted territory , we do n't know what 's going to happen . 
  who is to say that there would n't be leaks in the future ? 
  i 'm sure some stuff goes on between the 5 eyes , but it really is n't worth the risk of seriously alienating each other . 
  we are also on the same page most of the time . 
  and yeah , spying on congress was fucking horrible , and congress is so worthless that they did n't do shit about it . 
  they just enable the imperial presidency . 
  oh , i 'm sure there is rogue shit here and there , but none of us wants to risk those relationships . 
  and as this very post tells , we do not have ways that are undetectable !, 
   unfortunately the ones who suffer for it are the greek people . 
  i 'm seriously repeating myself , but do you think only the greeks will suffer ? 
  all of europe will suffer , it will be a tragedy . 
  there will be a very significant backlash for the eu and the creditor nations in the event of default . 
  you wo n't be winning a poker hand , especially since greece did n't put any money in the pot . 
  you are taking away the chance to win back the money you gave away . 
  no , i 'm talking about their gold which is supposed to be in the basement of the ny fed right now . 
  they wanted to repatriate it , we would n't even let them see if it was there !!!, 
  the dutch ( or maybe the belgians ? ), 
  asked for their gold back recently , and we sent it right over . 
  europe will be the big loser in this , not greece . 
  vman knows this . 
  is the world 's faith in europe worth risking for this money ? 
  i think that post would be very valuable on its own . 
  sub it !, 
  thanks !, 
  seems eminently reasonable to me . 
  no , that was the reason we were supposed to accept them spying on us at home . 
  they never offered an excuse to non-americans . 
  the uk is a special case , as are canada , nz , and aus . 
  people underestimate how close we are . 
  i do n't think the uk would ever put any nation in the eu before the 5 eyes . 
  we are handing it over ? 
  what do you think we would do ? 
  seriously ? 
  besides the 5 eyes , everyone spies on each other and shits on each other . 
  maybe do n't bankrupt a nation in your union then ? 
  certainly is beneficial to the uk . 
  there is often a correlation between food prices and unrest in developing countries .
