  if a foreign leader is giving a live speech on the news , a translator tries to keep up . 
  that 's how live dubbing works . 
  why is it an issue for other languages to create new words ? 
  oh no , i hope you were not taught a texan accent . 
  your written english is perfect . 
  does having a retarded conjoined twin get tiresome ? 
  you can also get used to subtitles , i never found them distracting . 
  beautiful . 
  ireland is the one with the volcanoes , right ? 
  you hungarian-transylvanians eat some spicy food , so i can see how irish would seem bland to you . 
  it 's not seasoned very much , but i thought the food in ireland was great , especially the meat and dairy . 
  per bite . 
  i had my first one ever on a domestic flight this week , it was pretty good . 
  no , nj ` ians . 
  where there is actual sun , people do n't go fake tanning and get orange . 
  i assume he means the donald . 
  wow . 
  is it fun being a physicist ? 
  why has n't the googly eyes been used over here ? 
  denmark , you so innovative . 
  jesus is all i need . 
  yes , it is important to many ( including myself ) to own . 
  i can set up my own patio , fire pit , landscaping anyway i want it . 
  probably the most important part is exclusive use of it . 
  we have plenty of parks and all that too . 
  a lot of apartments do have common outdoor areas , though not all . 
  personally , i think it 's fine for kids to grow up in an apartment and just use the common area , or park . 
  all it takes are the right drugs ... 
  i think having outdoor space is much , much more important for americans . 
  i lived in apartments for the past 20 years in city centers , but i just bought a house with land/woods , a deck for bbq and a 2 car garage . 
  the town is only a 1 minute drive away to shops and restaurants . 
  but now i have a longer commute . 
  also , many people think it 's horrible to have kids with no backyard . 
  yes , the game was based on your typical italian commute . 
  poor pedestrians are routinely hit with banana peels at high velocity . 
  it does blow my mind . 
  50 years ago where i lived was all farms , but it was all sold to develop houses . 
  the dutch are the reason we have always been about commerce and tolerance , so thanks . 
  no puritans for us !, 
  but it 's not really true , unless you think manhattan is cheap . 
  the rich people i know live in the ` burbs , the filthy rich live in the city . 
  i 'm at 1.5 hrs each way ... my choice though , i need peace and quiet . 
  mario is italian ... 
  i spend 15 hours a week . 
  :-( but that is my choice in order to have a decent piece of property for under 1m . 
  mmmmm, 
  fella , you need to get yourself some roasted brussels sprouts with pancetta . 
  it 's amazing . 
  to have a neutral forum is the stated reason . 
  the same people who are hardcore anti-gmo are hardcore homeopathy advocates . 
  a lot of people do n't give a shit about facts and evidence . 
  it 's also a matter of being properly funded as well . 
  what a ridiculous comment . 
  you can comemorate history without ridiculous triumphalist monuments . 
  put a plaque explaining it , or a reasonable monument/marker . 
  tearing down a ludicrous monument is different than trying to erase history like the morons who wanted to tear down hitler 's birth home . 
  for foreign ss volunteers ? 
  i 'm not talking wernacht , or anyone drafted . 
  have you read about the iron guard ? 
  best comment i 've read in months . 
  the uncle i mention earlier was a wealthy religious/conservative guy . 
  he was probably one of these catalan speaking francoists . 
  franco was a useful idiot for us during the cold war ... 
  sorry , got confused there a minute , will delete . 
  how were things where catalan speakers were a minority ? 
  like the valencian community ? 
  that is where the people i knew were from . 
  might have been worse in those places than catalonia . 
  right , the germans have totally forgotten because the got rid of nazi monuments . 
  something a little less triumphal would be better , no ? 
  we were still allies with the soviets at that point , so yeah , too soon . 
  i 'm guessing there is no monument to that division in germany . 
  this reminds me of the time erie county in western new york state held up nafta for 6 months . 
  do n't worry guys , you can overcome it eventually . 
  http://torontolife.com/city/jan-wong-control-freaks/ controversial beer !!!, 
  https://www.thestar.com/life/food_wine/2014/10/01/delirium_tremens_controversial_beer_arrives_in_ontario.html http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/vice-com/lcbo-strike-2013_b_3288402.html, 
  pretty much the same here . 
  it was sad bruh :-( i was too immature to get married at that point anyway , but it 's still sad . 
  i hope my wife does n't know my username . 
  nope , she ended up moving here , but when her special teaching visa expired , it was a lot of pressure on me , and we ended up breaking up . 
  her parents were offering us a beautiful house so she would n't move away . 
  she ended up becoming a teacher in her tiny town , which was kind of sad , because she had traveled so much , and did n't want to live there . 
  :-( her parents were crazy conservative , got upset we went on vacation together when we were 25 . 
  lol . 
  til i hate spaniards . 
  lol , that guy is fucking insane . 
  it looks like in the current environment , it has been seized on as a proxy issue by catalan nationalists . 
  is it a contentious issue ? 
  because it is a monument to foreign fascists . 
  do you have any monuments for german nazis in denmark ? 
  i know about that ( and i do find it shocking ) but i thought it would be easy to tear down things about foreign fascists without making a big fight ... 
   greece has far right movements and in italy if renzi fails the far right may win the elections with lega nord and others polling really high . 
  correct , but nothing comparable to afd , fpo , sd . 
   i do n't think germany ever processed the past like spain did if i wrote that i got it backwards , and will correct it . 
  uhh , spain is the only euro country i ever even considered moving to , bc of a relationship , i do n't hate you guys . 
  you obviously have some kind of ax to grind , but i do n't really think i 'm the person you have a problem with . 
  and yes , i am old , and her grandparents were alive during the revolution , and her parents grew up in francos early days . 
  who says i 'm not ? 
  ( actually , i prefer weed ), 
  it 's a little bit early to be drinking , no ?
