  details were de maizi\u00e8re on current knowledge , but not notified , but in 2010 his successor ronald pofalla . 
  i honestly get annoyed if someone who has been smoking sits next to me and smells . 
  that being said , if i 'm on a mission to get wasted , and someone has cigs , i will probably have one . 
  while his comment is quite ridiculous ( subhumans and all ) , i do think that smoking has gone from something glamorous to something quite gauche . 
  if you want to be cool now , you can vape ( preferably weed in colorado ) . 
   i mean , aside from the whole holocaust thing . 
  no one worries about that anymore . 
  how do you feel about the belgian crown ? 
  well , it 's not explicitly religious , i 'm sure the people there are religious , and that is part of their mindset and motivations for the law . 
  i 'll give you an opposite example of something that was once religious , but now is not . 
  in bergen county nj ( rich suburb next to nyc ) all the stores are closed on sunday . 
  the law dates from the 1700s and was intended to encourage people to go to church . 
  now , the people there just do n't want traffic on sundays , so the stores are closed . 
  nothing to do with religion . 
  this has some info you might interesting : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_law#court_cases, 
  it 's not just religious . 
  do you know the biggest group that supported prohibition ? 
  the suffragettes ( feminists ) , because it would supposedly stop wife-beating . 
  there is also the public health element ( which is why it 's taxed so highly in many places . 
  another aspect of this is federalism . 
  things like alcohol , smoking , business hours , speed limits , etc. 
  and the like are determined by local governments . 
  but they can not take away any substantial rights . 
  so there is a right to marry , and that is why the federal government is making everyone allow gay marriage . 
  but there is no right to buy alcohol , so if most people want it banned , it can be banned . 
  if the law said `` we are dry because jesus hates wine '' that would be unconstitutional because it was just for religious reasons . 
  but if there is a rational basis for a law , and it is n't explicitly religious , it will be allowed . 
  i mean , i get what you are saying about freedom and all , but this is a terrible example . 
  almost nowhere is dry , and the places that are dry are quite literally the most ignorant places in the country , and buying beer is not a fundamental right . 
  i bought weed legally in colorado , does that mean you are living under oppression now because you ca n't ? 
  what is the difference between that and alcohol ? 
  it 's basically an italian-american holiday here . 
  the italian association is called the sons of columbus . 
  no , you do n't understand how rights work here . 
  you have no inherent right to purchase alcohol , it 's not something that is protected , like speech . 
  so no one cares if you can get to the store or not . 
  you can posess and drink it in a dry county , stores just ca n't sell alcohol . 
  stupid as hell , but within their powers to do so . 
  kek, 
  olives and sunshine . 
  whoops , autofill got me there . 
  deleted . 
  you ca n't fool me , i 've lived amongst you . 
  i detected the passive agression . 
  no need to apologize . 
  sure . 
  there is a very , very deep strain of pacifism ( much to the frustration of the poles and baltics ) that i do not think is present in the uk . 
  not to disagree with you earlier comment at all , both our countries shit the bed bigtime . 
  i just think american/canadians have a lot of similarities with the british , as someone who has lived in the uk . 
  you can look at my exchange with frankeh if you wish . 
  that is good to hear . 
  i 'm almost 40 , as are my friends in europe . 
  do you think that has something to do with it ? 
  i still say the brits have a tad of exceptionalism to them . 
  no , that is the eurozone , not the eu . 
  the northeast has a lot of gun control , and obamacare to it 's full extent , there is no death penalty , abortion is not restricted , religion is not in your face . 
  we do n't argue about those things here . 
  i am limiting my statement to the northeast , i 'd agree with you saying there is a huge difference between a londoner and a texan . 
  hell one of my first comments i ever heard from a brit was when i said `` i saw you guys have sign ins mph , i thought all of europe uses kph ? '', 
  i was answered with `` sir , we are in the uk , not europe . '', 
  what is your opinion on canada being similar to the uk ? 
  i do think many germans are against war in principle , and that is one of the differences between them and ukers . 
  anyway , i 'm just trying to make a larger point that the angloshphere has a lot of commonalities . 
  i think the uk has a little bit of exceptionalism to it . 
  i have a bit more experience than you . 
  i lived in london for a semester , and i 'm still in touch with my english friends ( going to one 's wedding in ireland this summer ) . 
  i from nyc , there was almost no adjustments for me to make besides everything closing early from my perspective . 
  california is a massive state with a bunch of different people , and are very `` west coast . '', 
  so i 'll just stick to me original comment , that northeastern americans are not very different from ukers . 
  there is no culture clash . 
  additionally , i dated a catalan girl for 5 years ( that i met in london ) , got very familiar with catalan culture and i 've traveled a decent bit on the continent . 
  and i just do n't think there is are as many similarities between the british and continentals as with canada/nz/aus / us . 
  sure , the commonwealth nations have more in common with you than us , i do n't deny that . 
  even in our international dorm , anglosphere folks had the same tendencies and sense of humour as each other , and in general , horribly offended everyone else with sarcasm . 
  in fact , at large , if you take away the guns and lack of national health care , we are not dissimilar at all . 
  we were your colonies , we have common law , you prize your sovereignty as do we , you are an island nation , we are isolated over here in north america . 
  i rarely see brits who have a strong `` european '' identity on reddit or on tv or anywhere else that would be something like the germans and dutch have . 
  you are much more free market oriented and have an unequal income distribution compared to the rest of western europe . 
  we are a more extreme version of you , and canada/aus/nz are more closer to you still . 
  those countries are isolated geographically as well . 
  it 's a different experience than being on the continent . 
  also , i think our notions of government and individual liberties ( going back to the magna carta ) is just different than the civil law , and that effects how people think about the world , just as geographic isolation does . 
  you could say you have many policies that are more similar to the continentals than to us , and that would be true , but i honestly believe the british just have a different mindset than most continentals , which often translates in eurosceptism and the retention of as much sovereignty as possible . 
  i 've seen in this sub , and in other places that the uk is the us of europe , i do n't think that is an unfair statement , even if it is n't meant as a compliment . 
  what other country constantly has articles posted about it leaving the eu ? 
  none . 
  edit : and you have signs in mph . 
  yet another thing our nations share . 
  you are as pacifist as the majority of germans ? 
  someone from nyc is n't all too different from someone from london . 
  i can assure you that there is no culture shock besides the tube not running 24 hours . 
  northeastern americans in general are n't so different than ukers speaking in large generalities . 
  i certainly have more in common with a londoner than someone in el paso , texas . 
  bad deal on that trade . 
  i do think the dutch foundation of commerce and tolerance is a massive part of why new york is the way it is , so i 'm glad you guys were here . 
  yes , it makes sense . 
  they share the queen as well ... 
  you lost your greatest colony in 1664 . 
  canada has 11 % on us ? 
  messed up .
