  additionally , on most of the planet , it 's generally up to the person making a claim to provide a source for that claim . 
  so i 'm not really sure why you are getting so cranky . 
  that even with adblue being used in europe , there is still tons of smog because the standards are n't very high . 
  or that there is so much diesel being used that there is smog regardless . 
  the whole vw thing here started because they were trying to cheat and not use adblue . 
  i 'm not even sure if the eu had us particulate regulations if it would be much better , due to the higher amount of diesels . 
  if the standards are n't high , it does n't matter if it exists . 
  maybe grow up and reply like an adult ? 
  source, 
  i do know one restaurant where they have . 
  it 's a scary bar . 
  only place i 've seen it . 
  you are correct , my comment was limited , put in an edit . 
  i probably should have expounded more on my comment , but there is no reason for europeans to be getting ill/dying during the transition to renewables . 
  it 's a matter of taxing the fuels the same . 
  absolutely . 
  just that reduction of diesel use would be helpful during the transition . 
  it was worse during the iraq war . 
  we were wrong on that too : - /, 
  of course , you 'll notice that this is a civil suit filed by private parties , and that no regulator has substantiated the claims , and that gm is fighting it . 
  guess we 'll wait and see . 
  all car makers did not make defeat devices . 
  if you are a person on the street , they are orders of magnitude healthier . 
  diesel puts out particulates which results in smog/lung cancer/asthma/etc . 
  look at how paris and milan were blanketed in pollution last winter , that does n't happen here . 
  are large gasoline engines good for climate change ? 
  obviously not . 
  do they kill people that breathe in their air ? 
  ice is on the way out , might as well breathe better until it is totally gone . 
  nice to see some good news . 
  i would n't count on agent orange too much . 
  this is all part of putin 's plan , split off us/uk , mess with eu . 
  it 's working quite well . 
  how about europe pivots away from diesel , which is killing europeans with smog first , then worry about innovation . 
  edit : during the transition to renewable energy it would be beneficial for diesel to be taxed the same or less than petrol . 
  not claiming petrol or other carbon fuels are a long term solution , just that it would result in less particulates immediately . 
  it 's old fashioned , but would be understood over here . 
  that 's fucking great, 
  when the us got involved wwi , woodrow wilson started a massive propaganda campaign . 
  people changed their last names , names of towns were changed , and people stopped speaking german in public . 
  i would n't doubt that the nazis studied the propaganda . 
  how big a nazi was von braun ? 
  we get the best immigrants folks , tremendous !, 
  all your peoples are belong to us, 
  i know some serbs and bosnians from chicago . 
  as a result , i drank a bunch of serbian slivowitz on sunday night , and there was n't even any balkan people there . 
  nice people , amazing food . 
  yes , he said lower class . 
  no , it was inn wwi . 
  stopped being cool to be german at that point . 
  like sweden in wwii nuetral , or actually nuetral ? 
  ah , thought there was some kind of nude satanic ritual or something . 
  how long has that been going on ? 
  it 's fairly common here to have a totally impracticable `` toy . '', 
  a lot of people drag race classics , i have a friend who has a 2016 mustang gt350 , and another with a 2015 zl1 that he sent to a tuner in detroit , and the car hit 774 hp at the wheels on a dyno . 
  that car is so effing fast that it scared me , it was like hitting warp speed in star wars , everything just became blurry streaks . 
  so yeah , it would n't be too common to see a business person driving these cars , it 's what they use on the weekends for fun . 
  just like people are n't going to be using their mcclaren 's , lambos , etc. 
  on a regular basis , but come a sunny weekend , and they are out . 
  my toy is a '71 buick gs 455 ( 7.5 l ) , i get a nice 6-8 mpg . 
  i probably drive it 500 miles a year . 
  well , that 's not an unreasonable analysis . 
  yup, 
  i 'm not a chevy guy , and i especially do not like the interiors , but that is a very fast car . 
  as for the looks , you can admire m4s in your rear view mirror , you wo n't see what you are driving . 
  not sure if they circulate to germany , but car & driver does a `` lightening lap '' on a road course every year , watch how well it does . 
  it will stomp cars costing 3 times more . 
  also , as far as the gas mileage , most people here would not be driving that car on a daily basis , it 's really a track car . 
  and with it 's cost compared to it 's euro competition , you can buy the car , mod the car , and buy another cheap daily driver and still pay less . 
  edit : whoops , meant zl1 1le, 
  the price of parts is obscene , so that is a major factor . 
  secondly , the way things are designed , they take many more hours than on japanese/korean/american cars . 
  for example , simple things like changing oil , headlights , etc. , often require removal of bumpers , body panels , etc. 
  i 'm not sure how it works in europe , but here you pay for mechanics by the hour when it 's not covered by warranty . 
  according to the mechanics i have spoke to personally , and always on / r/justrolledintotheshop , this over-complication is a design feature to prevent people from doing the work themselves , and it serves to create a steady stream of income of the life of the vehicle . 
  besides myself , plenty of my friends have been down this road . 
  one had an audi a4 that went off of warranty , things started breaking left and right , and he got raped daily . 
  he then leased an s4 for three years ( at $ 750 a month !, 
  ) , and now has a full sized chevy pickup . 
  another guy had the older s4 with the v8 ( great car ) but had to sell it at x mileage , because it was do for a massively expensive service , and it 's known the car becomes a money pit after that . 
  a lot of my friends who said they would never own american car now do , after experiencing these costs . 
  obviously some have japanese branded cars as well . 
  it 's not just german cars , range rover is a high status car , but known as unreliable and expensive . 
  much more unreliable than anything german . 
  we own a compact ford suv for 4 years now , not one thing has broken on it , and the wearable parts , like brake pads , are very reasonably priced . 
  abt !!, 
  i do n't think pence was involved in this russia stuff though ... 
  i actually do n't think the president has a legal fiduciary duty to anyone , he just can not commit `` high crimes or misdemeanors , '' and he can be suspended/removed as per the provisions of the 25th amendment . 
  and yes , he is a warning on so many levels , to so many people around the world , that it might actually be helpful in the future . 
  i honestly believe he has no concept of propriety or basic legal concepts , such as conflict of interest . 
  he certainly is unaware of how the constitution works . 
  it 's awful . 
  heil first time ? 
  my parents were pretty hardcore with the saabs , and i bought one off my mother when she could no longer drive . 
  it was a real saab story !, 
  they really did drive great though . 
  yes , and his outlook is quite backwards , and can probably get horrible things passed in congress , but he is more stable than trump . 
  less embarrassing too . 
  foucus/fiesta get very good mileage , and are globally produced and sold . 
  yes , i know saab was swedish , but they followed the same formula as the german cars , and the cost of ownership was obscene .
