  not sure how that gets resolved , you 'll always have nations very unhappy with the policy . 
  correct , i can not think of another example of a company getting caught red handed , and lying afterwards , instead of trying to cut a deal . 
  truly delusional behavior . 
  it 's true that we do n't regulate co2 much , but those are our standards . 
  particulates cause immediate harm to human health , which is why it is strictly regulated , not bc protectionism . 
  i also ca n't think of any other examples of a company being caught , and continuing to lie . 
  that 's why vw got treated so harshly . 
  truly insane behavior on their part . 
  i always read comments from otherwise reasonable people in this sub , that the vw scandal is nothing more than us protectionism , and that it 's no big deal . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  germans are very literal ... 
  i love when non-native speakers correct me . 
  i blame it on auto-correct . 
  huh ? 
  the little emoticon sticking his tongue out threw me off i guess . 
  one of the reasons london does so well is because it can trade with asia and north america in the same trading day . 
  since nyc ca n't do that , it is n't going to get everything that flees london . 
  is that supposed to be comforting ? 
  i had to learn all 50 state capitols in grade school , i sure as hell do n't remember all 50 now . 
  can , confirm , mixta all over alicante . 
  shame i do n't eat crustaceans . 
  there are flemings , walloons and belgians ? 
  what percentage of retirees move abroad ? 
  i picked fruit for my first summer job . 
  i wonder if any teenagers in the us do that anymore . 
  haha !, 
  an earthquake !, 
  that 's ridiculous !, 
  [ eye twitch intensifies ], 
  i know , that 's why i corrected him . 
  it 's insane that there is so much hate directed at ee peeps in the uk . 
  i 'd let all of you guys over here . 
  `` ok , be careful of the gypsies then , if they see you 've had a few drinks , they 'll be all over you . '', 
  he was actually a super nice guy , just trying to be helpful i suppose : - /, 
  see , this sub is very educational !, 
  no , and i paid for a date rape too . 
  ripoff !, 
  na , was one of those black cab tours , flat fee . 
  i actually gave him the whole difference between romanians and gypsies speech . 
  i also told him i 'm from nyc , and will be a cold day in hell before i ever get scammed or pick-pocketed by anyone . 
  that was just to piss off thatcher . 
  same here . 
  anecdotally , when i was in belfast last summer , a cab driver warned me to `` watch out for the romanians '' out of nowhere ... 
  not your fault we might elect a moron . 
  you ca n't blame slovenia for our stupidity . 
  states have far more autonomy , and ca n't be devolved out of existence . 
  not true , the future greatest first lady of the usa was born there . 
   as an aside , i 've had a few occasions where germans were slightly frosty upon hearing english ( in what might be construed as an english accent ) , but completely changed their demeanour when i make it clear that i 'm irish . 
  even worse , they might have thought you were a filthy canadian . 
  try again with the swedes . 
  i ca n't see yt at work , is it the grand central steam explosion ? 
  that was bad . 
  here , only large apartment and office buildings use steam , smaller building and homes use water based system if they still have radiators . 
  and yep , i always had to keep the windows open in the winter with the insane heat . 
  thx, 
  i thought the point was as to why germans would not like db . 
  if you are saying they did n't cause foreclosures in germany , ok . 
  i 'm saying that germans would n't like what they did in the us with the mortgage biz because it 's going to cause problems in germany . 
  page not found :-(, 
  yes , but now because of that behavior , people in germany are going to pay for it . 
  they were involved in the mortgage securitization business , why do you think the doj wants to fine them $ 14b ? 
  hot water , not steam ? 
  never heard of that for a central system . 
  wonder what the advantages are . 
  this is more complicated than the three seashells . 
  the water in the radiators gets looped over and over . 
  i assume that is how it works anywhere you have your own boiler in your house . 
  manhattan has the largest steam system in the world , and in many buildings the heat is run by steam , and separate from hot water , though steam can be used to heat hot water . 
  they should still come over legally though . 
  first time i 've ever seen `` who 're '' used in text . 
  and hey , as far as neighbors who like to come in illegally , mexico is n't too bad . 
  oh shit , they are invading us !, 
  you sir , are a very special fella . 
  for one country , it 's fine . 
  in the context of a currency union , no . 
  some of them i assume , are good people . 
  what 's a shit pants smile ? 
  very admirable of you imo . 
  not when someone is charging with a knife . 
  harsh bro, 
  that alien gave you exctasy , did n't he ? 
  got anymore ? 
  i thought it was an extraterrestrial ... 
  i always eat fresh green ones , but these red pickled ones from the can , wow . 
  i 'm eating ground beef and rice with brutally hot red jalepeno , and green jalepeno as well . 
  yum . 
  d'aww , that 's a cute lil fella . 
  it does n't work on us , we are barely taking refugees . 
  fun fact , db is identified as dbag in litigation in this country . 
   the fetishizing of being a creditor nation is unwholesome and immoral . 
  that one sentence sums up why the euro can never work , all the other problems are just icing on the cake . 
  oh snap , they are in upstate ny , people are picky about their wings up there . 
  must be decent to stay in business . 
  yesterday someone posted an article about how the doj was only going to fine vw to the extent that it does not put them out of business , i assume it will be the same for db . 
  that chlorine just kills the workers who apply it , i do n't believe that hurts consumers . 
  yay ? 
  besides their balance sheet , the market is in a tizzy because the us dept. 
  of justice is seeking $ 14b . 
  in fines for their mortgage fraud . 
  ha , you probably were right around where i grew up and where i live now , right on the ny/ct border .
