  you keep going on about the high court as if it is the final word , it 's not , parliament is . 
   parliamentary sovereignty is a principle of the uk constitution . 
  it makes parliament the supreme legal authority in the uk , which can create or end any law . 
  generally , the courts can not overrule its legislation and no parliament can pass laws that future parliaments can not change . 
  https://www.parliament.uk/about/how/role/sovereignty/ if the high court does something parliament does n't approve of , they could get rid of the high court tomorrow , says that in the link above put out by parliament . 
  and somehow you are making this about trump ? 
  i do n't know , i seem to recall trump getting shut down by a federal district court and again by the 9th circuit . 
  it does n't matter if he is an authoritarian buffoon and he wants his ban because as a co-equal branch of government as enumerated in our constitution , the courts will tell him to stfu . 
  the uk has no such safeguard , and trump is probably the best argument there is for the virtues of a written constitution . 
  i do n't recall lecturing anyone on anything , unless stating a preference for a written constitution counts as a lecture . 
   i think the euros get all sick days paid no matter how long . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i think you are being a little bit idealistic by thinking all this great stuff goes in practice for everyone on the continent , though it probably it true for the northern countries . 
   pretty amazing moms get a year paid maternity where here in us you get a month i believe ? 
  you can get more on the family leave act , but its unpaid . 
  i do agree we are awful as far as helping new parents out . 
  i have no family that could help me , and i 'd be looking at thousands of dollars a month in daycare/nanny if i had a kid . 
  i do n't think you are very familiar with the law yourself , certainly not american law . 
  the very reason we have a written constitution is because the abuses of the british . 
  we also kept the common law , which is a good thing . 
  you are honestly telling me that you do n't think any of these surveillance laws would have been seriously watered down if you had a constitutional right to privacy ? 
  and yes , we had horrible overreach here , however it was in the `` furtherance '' of national security , and not used in criminal prosecutions . 
  things like banning commercially filming facesitting is just amusing , things like the government being entitled to your browsing history without a warrant is terrifying . 
  well , pto is vacay and sick time . 
  that job was at a top law firm , i 'm a government attorney now , more time off than i know what to do with , less money . 
  yes , common law will never be efficient as italian justice . 
  not all americans get 2 weeks a year , i got 4 weeks pto right out of college . 
  it 's retail workers and other low skilled workers that get fucked . 
   wtf is brits ' problem no written constitution . 
  luckily they do teach about the japanese internment in american schools . 
   i always found it odd the way people romanticised the uk despite it being objectively a shit country . 
  that 's a bit extreme , no ? 
  a total shit country ? 
  vw 's, 
  diesel does that, 
  he actually dodged the draft twice for vietnam . 
  such a piece of shit . 
  very informative , thanks . 
  not just for europe . 
  the times just ran a front page story on how bannon is a fan of evola . 
  terrifying . 
  aot of us are getting very worried . 
  either we have a bad experience and turn our back on this , or shit goes down bad . 
  we are very well armed here , it has the potential to get very ugly . 
  if this goes longer than one term , you are right . 
  i do n't think he 's eligible for combat . 
  very helpful , thank you . 
  i always assumed it meant germany over every other country . 
  i feel your pain . 
  of course it 's a genuine mistake !, 
  yes , we use women tennis as our primary propaganda outlet . 
  redundant statement is redundant . 
  serious question , if tell nazi anthem is so ridiculously offensive , why is the same song with some lyrics removed the current anthem ? 
  i visited ni , and there were palestinian and israeli flags in the areas with the murals . 
  nuts . 
  i would pay for your plane ticket if you would order this on arthur avenue in the bronx . 
  but i will not pay your hospital bill . 
  charles is going to get homeopathy covered by the nhs , what is n't to love ? 
  much fewer words for rape in norwegian . 
  quebec is putting out some great stuff . 
  you remind me of the canadians who used to brag about how great labbats blue is . 
  and now you 've turned on your own people . 
  shame !, 
  i always wondered why switzerland has vaults of gold teeth , while the rest of the world uses gold bars . 
  he 's a fan of julius evola . 
  look it up . 
  uk can trade with the whole world , by the time ny opens , asia has closed . 
  they are in the perfect spot . 
  iron maiden opened with this speech for aces high at the show i went to , so awesome . 
  `` smoke weed every day '' - nate dogg, 
  that was a one time thing , and it was not cool . 
  somewhere they worked with the ss 70 years ago . 
  not just in croatia . 
  traditionalism . 
  steve bannon is big in that . 
  literally fascism . 
  galway is fucking awesome !, 
  fox news , etc. , harps on it , not so much other outlets . 
  in another comment i said it was 10-15 % of bernie voters . 
  god in school and no abortion . 
  fuck off , we are nice, 
  had my first stroopwaffel on jetblue . 
  meh , it 's annoying , but nit a reason to skip a visit . 
  my uk friends wo n't visit until trump is out of office . 
  a better reason really . 
  who did the 15 % of liberals who did not vote for hillary vote for ? 
  i think 10 % or 15 % of bernie voters , more stayed home . 
  so literally the opposite of the french . 
  i know , i 've been expecting this since 2008 , everyone who has memory of the rise of fascism is gone . 
  all nations of the `` western world '' are having similar issues , some more pronounced than others . 
  hopefully it wo n't be a repeat of the '30s . 
  it 's normal where people are totally fed up . 
  plenty of people voted for bernie in the primaries , and then trump in the general election . 
  no doubt about that, 
  interesting . 
  perhaps you can have circletrek tame them down a peg . 
  she should try being american , they 'll just call you dumb and fat , but still be your friend . 
  it 's alive !!!, 
  argh !!, 
  what kind of tyrants run that sub ?
