  i 'm on rif on android , and i see the text , but not the flag . 
  from reddit you would think all euros do hate us . 
  i just got from ireland , never been treated better in my life . 
  i do n't know too much about popular opinion in hungary , besides the fact that jobbik has a surprising amount of support . 
  but with the dysfunction going on now , and think anyone would be upset , not just in hungary . 
  it 's hard to have a good attitude when live amongst feuding nations who are doing their best to cause the rose of the right . 
  i watched the match in dublin today , good times . 
  rugby is badass , not sure why it is n't the # 1 sport in a lot of countries . 
  i was there on july 4 , 2000 when one flew over the hudson river , so awesome . 
  i still think my wife 's grandfather leading 1200 b-17s over berlin in 1945 must have been the most bad ass sight in aviation history . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  we 'll take them then , you miserable humps . 
  ouch . 
   who the fuck she thinks she is ? 
  is her objective to make germany universally hated in europe . 
  when have germans ever even considered public perception ? 
  dear god , how do you put up with this shit ? 
  help the french ?? 
  they are helpless poor nation ? 
  he said give up islam , no one says they have to give up islam . 
  but yes , they have to act civilized . 
  being muslim is not incompatible with being civilized . 
  i think ireland is the only eu country i 'd move to . 
  but i 'm not a refugee . 
   we are just kind enough to not immediately deport most of them . 
  you mean stupid enough . 
  where do they go ? 
  there are only 2 nationalities that scare me with drinking , scots and russians . 
  everyone else are amateurs . 
  lol , i 'm sure most of you are very good people anywhere . 
  but i 'm glad some of you came to the us . 
  they know about your drinking . 
  how do you torture and kill you own citizens and then expect them to live happily with you ? 
  hey , i 'm not criticizing you as a person at all . 
  when i was in university in london for a semester in ' 98 , i became very good friends with a turkish-french girl , and a algerian-french girl . 
  they felt so persecuted , and this was before any refugee crisis . 
  the french-turkish girl got into an elite french school , and is a professor . 
  i lost track of the algerian-french . 
  but these girls were very , very intelligent , and yet , they felt that did n't matter . 
  so what hope could there be for poorer musilim folks ? 
  these are the sins of colonialism , as are the borders drawn up after wwi . 
  and i 'm not singling out the french , i 'm worried for all of europe . 
  you ca n't let people live with you and not accept them , and you ca n't let people who do n't want to be like you live with you . 
  you have the worst of both worlds . 
  how popular is rugby in ireland ? 
  the game was amazing , i think it should be more popular than football/soccer . 
  do n't be ridiculous , it is n't all of reddit , it 's / r/europe that says that . 
  here in the us we have many bosniaks , turks and pakistanis who are very successful . 
  no one asks them to change . 
  meaning you guys had an official , public policy of torture during the algerian war , and then discriminated against the algerian who moved to france . 
  now their grandchildren are causing a lot of problems in france . 
  no they did not . 
  my sicilian grandfather did in 1949 though . 
  business picked up right after . 
  they had the right to live in france . 
  enjoy the blowback of your sins . 
  and how is that algerian thing working out ? 
  which is why france has a wonderfully happy algerian-french population . 
   straight up said `` nope '' to the whole european thing . 
  smart man . 
  we have a decent bit of you in the nyc metro . 
  my best friend since i was 5 is hungarian . 
  his dad fled in ' 56 . 
  same with my mechanic who i hang out with all the time . 
  hungarians became great americans . 
  droppin knowledge . 
  sweet . 
  what you shooting brah ? 
  look for hitchitano , best japanese beer . 
  sweet !, 
  i 'm in dublin , going to a pub to watch , and root for the irish . 
  nothing against the welsh of course . 
  i 'm in dublin , and going to have irish potato pancakes called boxty . 
  wow , that is fucking insane . 
  i am aroused . 
  it is nothing but another failure of the european project in the face of a challenge . 
  the eurozone crisis has been a long , drawn out affair , causing tensions . 
  the lack of a unified refugee strategy is another . 
  as is defense . 
  europe moves backward everyday . 
  ok , but i think it 's safe to call those city states greek . 
  greece was first ... 
  i thought that was romanian tv ? 
  do n't worry , these eurofolks will now take their fair share instead criticizing you and doing nothing . 
  dude , i 'd pay you to take the state of louisiana back . 
  the whole purchase ? 
  no way . 
  did you go around saying `` this used to be polish you know . '', 
  uh , can you send me some ? 
  i 'm into the psychoactive ones . 
  please direct me to the ones closest to galway . 
  i did a semester in london , and we did a trip to wales . 
  so we are doing some hiking and run into these welsh with garbage bags , who were picking something off the ground . 
  magic mushrooms . 
  they told us all about it , and gave us some . 
  pretty cool . 
  eh , a lot of euros are very nice , but i 've seen some french acting badly here . 
  i 'm not part of that circlejerk , you can search my comments , but it pisses me off . 
  i 've been to wales , they are quite nice . 
  ok fine , but you guys are still great .
