  you want to do the right thing , and try to sell your house to pay the bank back , but you still end up owing them hundreds of thousands . 
  because you can not get a good job again , you end up cleaning toilets for very little money . 
  the bank will keep taking your paychecks for the rest of your life , and you will never recover . 
  your family will have no future , your kids will be screwed and the whole lot of you will end up on welfare , costing the government money . 
  the whole time this is going on , the bank barely gets paid anything , because you make so little money , so it is n't like they will ever get paid back . 
  in this scenario , everyone loses , the bank , the family and the government . 
  and it is n't like this person did anything wrong , they bought a house for their family , and then the economy went terribly bad . 
  this person would be much happier being employed and paying his mortgage , but he just ca n't . 
  this permanent indebtedness is what gave birth to the feudal system , where people ended up trading their lives and land to the lord of the manner . 
  if you would like to read up on it , i suggest this http://www.amazon.com/dp/1612191290 i also should have mentioned that the bankruptcy court will take into account if someone did try to just walk away or commit fraud , and will impose very harsh terms on them . 
  the whole point of american bankruptcy is not to punish people literally forever , who were making sounds choices , and taking reasonable risks in good faith . 
  it has really prompted entrepreneurship , and been very benfical to us . 
  `` i 'm not in favor of the corporations here '' lololol !!!!, 
  you brainless , servile puppet . 
  lol . 
  are you 14 ? 
  i mean honestly , this is more or less the german version of me saying `` what you say , nazi ??? '', 
  that is how mindless and stereotypical your reply is . 
  it is as deep and useful as `` lol , french people always surrendering , lawlz '' let me return the favor . 
  read the facts of the coffee case , i guess you think it is cool for a corporation to burn over 700 people needlessly after been given notice . 
  some peoples are quite known for their reluctance to question authority , so i guess if a large corporation seriously burns large numbers of people , we should not question them !, 
  read : http://www.lectlaw.com/files/cur78.htm look at the burns , you ridiculous , ignorant person : http://jimcofer.com/personal/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/stella_liebeck_burned_by_mcdonalds_coffee.jpg http://www.fortworthinjuryattorneyblog.com/mcdonalds1.jpg she was paid $ 640,000 in 1994 , when mcdonalds earned $ 264,500,000 , or 0.264500000 % of earnings . 
  oh my , that grandmother really bankrupted mcdonalds , and think of all the money the ink to write `` dangerous , hot contents . '', 
  again , since we are purely using stereotypes for our discourse here ( i am merely following your lead ) , your defense of the powerful corporation mcdonald 's makes me think of this : the fascists opposed both international socialism and liberal capitalism , arguing that their views represented a third way . 
  they claimed to provide a realistic economic alternative that was neither laissez-faire capitalism nor communism . 
  [ 13 ] they favoured corporatism and class collaboration , believing that the existence of inequality and separate social classes was beneficial ( contrary to the views of socialists ) . 
  [ 14 ] fascists argued that the state had a role in mediating relations between these classes ( contrary to the views of liberal capitalists ) . 
  [ 15 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economics_of_fascism indeed !, 
  we should not question mcdonald 's !, 
  they are a productive corporation , and this grandmother who was burnt , she was a leech !!!, 
  the sate must protect the productive , and eliminate there parasites !, 
  how dare she , a lowly and unequal person , question her station ? 
  she is a parasite , stabbing a profitable corporation in the back !, 
  you make me sick . 
  `` all the muricans in this thread are just jerking back . 
  '' - yes `` no real discussion here so you might as well leave this place alone . 
  '' - oh yes , great and glorious european man , i shall take your advice . 
  yessa massa , i leave you adults alone !, 
  was that a attempted jedi mindtrick or something ? 
  anyway , i met a really nice german family today at grand central ( nyc ) , and their kids were so cute and well behaved . 
  in fact , all the germans i have met in new york are very polite and warm . 
  why ca n't you be like them ? 
  so just like you are here to learn about europe ( as am i ) , why would n't someone from elsewhere want to learn about north america or anywhere else ? 
  i 'm assuming americans/canadians make up the biggest block of redditors , of course there will be a lot of focus on that . 
  the banking interest here are also mega-powerful , however , part of our whole revolution was ending debtors prisons . 
  so our constitution gave the federal gov. 
  powers over bankruptcy issues . 
  wow , really ? 
  time for vacation !, 
  besides that outlier with the probe , i do n't think it is an issue . 
  i even looked up some pro-metric sites in the us , and they did n't have examples of problems . 
  however , this bigger story is that it is a laughable and ridiculous criticism to constantly see in / r/europe . 
  well you guys do n't even use metric !!, 
  nya nya nya !! '', 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  that was an inexcusable user of imperial by a contractor . 
  nasa , and all serious science in the us has been conducted in metric forever . 
  that is one ridiculous incident . 
  that probe was lost because a contractor fucked up terribly , and nasa did n't catch it . 
  i have n't heard of that happening otherwise . 
  for all serious science , metric only is used , so it is quite ridiculous that the contractor used imperial . 
  for some automotive applications and construction , imperial is used . 
  people are just used to using it , and that is all . 
  i would think and englishman out of anyone could understand when people just use things from force of habit . 
  do you not still post speed limits in mph and measure weight in stone ? 
  i do see where you are coming from , and for the most part i agree . 
  i totally agree with the thought the governments are not doing good for their people . 
  now maybe this is particular to me , but i think active censorship makes things much , much worse . 
  brits are being caught in a pincer between passive surveillance and active repression through censorship . 
  it is a terrible situation . 
  it is not going to be an issue , people have calculators and can figure it out in seconds . 
  this is as relevant as me complaining that you use the letter u more then we do . 
  `` oy , those damned brits with their ` favour ' and their ` colour ' and their ` labour , ' lets see them sell anything over here ! '', 
  this sub gets embarrassing sometimes . 
  i am very critical of it , it is awful . 
  i would not have been interested in electronic intelligence collecting back in 1998 if i was not concerned about privacy issues . 
  i am not proud it is being done illegally , i am saying that the only way they can do that is by breaking the law . 
  i have also hear that congress is going to act to reign it in . 
  but trust me , i know we have morphed into an out of control militarized empire . 
  however , you are conflating spying with censorship . 
  we have the first amendment here , the government can not easily make restriction on what we can and can not view/do . 
  obviously there are limits , such as child porn or threatening the president , but no one could say `` ok guys , we just filtered out the porn , you have to contact us if you want it back . 
  oh , rape fantasies are illegal now too . '', 
  at least we can hold on to that for now , and it makes the suppression of political speech much harder . 
  hopefully one day we will use that free speech to free ourselves . 
  ah , well pm 's are never directly elected , that is life in a parliamentary system , no ? 
  he was elected by his district though , so at least someone had a say in it ... 
  honestly , i find it frightening in the extreme . 
  but there is no need for us to hash up the old free speech debate we see all day on reddit !, 
  where you from friend ? 
  have you heard of echelon ? 
  i did a paper on it in ' 98 , i am well aware of this shit . 
  i am also well aware that we share our info with every single western power , and that you share with us . 
  and it is wrong by every single government . 
  but at least our government has to go behind our back illegally instead of having people begging them to protect them !, 
  `` lord cameron , protect me from searching the word rape !!, 
  please !!!, 
  your royal highnesses , please protect me from naked people engaging in consensual sex as well !! '', 
  and here i thought we were the puritans . 
  so do n't buy our shit , no one put a gun to your head .
