  so much black snot, 
   i 've never been to america so all i know is reading articles about how x kid got detention for not standing during the pledge umm , that would be illegal . 
  yeah , i heard it 's pretty shitty . 
  i 've only seen them when i drive the 4 hours to see my in laws ... never actually been . 
  it 's even in upstate ny . 
  i think it 's not a barrier for nordics , denmark , uk , maybe even germany . 
  but france and especially spain and italy , there is little english spoken . 
  not so sure about central/ee ... how can you feel close to people that you can not even speak to ? 
  i think the whole greek/german thing is exasperated by this . 
  they do n't even use the same alphabet ... as for immigrants coming to the us , there was massive pressure for them to learn english when they got here . 
  i have a lot of friends whose parents were born abroad , they barely even know a few words in their parents language . 
  but the biggest difference is that americans all spoke the same language ... 
  we do get to choose , russia is much less of a threat to us economically . 
  it 's not like we are going to abandon europe , you will just have to do things like keeping planes fit to fly . 
  everyone else in nato will have to increase their military spending to what they promised they would . 
  watching ee flip out when germany balks at this should provide some eventful threads here . 
  read one story about china a day , and you 'll see how much more active they are becoming . 
  it 's to be expected . 
  here in nyc , the governor of new jersey closed a few lanes on the george washington bridge for political reasons ( busiest bridge in the world ) , and it made huge problems . 
  there were still 2 tunnels and other routes available . 
  but it caused massive issues . 
  if the oresund is the only road , are people supposed to use ferries something ? 
  no refugees allowed ? 
  i think that is going to change strongly in favor of our pacific partners . 
  china is becoming more assertive by the day . 
  we do n't have time for russia . 
  i reread the article , and that really is the case . 
  wtf . 
  obviously this calls for another danish boat lift . 
  umm , is n't this bridge really important !?!, 
  ha , that generally is n't a reason people move here . 
  i 'm some guy who saw this post after it was removed . 
  what was it anyway ? 
  obv they are horrible , but the odds of being in one are not high https://www.reddit.com/r/morbidquestions/comments/3aein0/what_are_the_odds_of_getting_killed_in_a_mass/, 
  what was it ? 
  i did n't realize we gave serbia aid at all ... 
  actually i think denmark gets a lot of respect for being a country that is willing to do what it believes in . 
  of course that might not be very helpful in the context of the eu . 
  she 's 38 , so it i would think now would be the time to start doing all this stuff . 
  then again , for all i know , she made the profile years and years ago and never used it . 
  i doubt she would be able to do the cohabitation thing for very long . 
  when we were 24 we went on vacation to california and her parents were mortified that she would stay in a hotel with someone she was dating . 
  of course they thought it was fine when her brother visited us in ny with his girlfriend . 
  i should have saved her from her backwards parents :-( she even ended up back in the tiny town she wanted out of . 
  i was too immature to get married young though . 
  ( god help me if my wife knows my name on here ) as for what americans do , seems like down south/midwest people get married at 22 and have kids . 
  here in nyc i do n't know anyone who got married before 30 , and who did not live together first . 
  hmm . 
  i dated a valencian catalan a long time ago , and she recently popped up as a suggested friend on fb . 
  had the same name , and no pics of husband kids , which was kind of shocking , because she is gorgeous and loved kids . 
  her family was buying houses to rent out on the costa blanca , which might have gone badly . 
  she is a public school teacher , which i think is a good job , right ? 
  anyways , i always wondered what happened to her ... 
  repeated statements that there is no upper limit on migration and that people will not be turned away might as well be an invitation . 
  this is only tangentially related to your comment , hope you do n't mind . 
  how socially acceptable is it in spain for a woman who gets married in her 30s to keep her maiden name ? 
  china is ratcheting up it 's foreign intervention , getting very assertive over claims in the south china sea , and is completely reforming its military structure . 
  it 's a massive change . 
  it will speed up our pivot to asian , and will require euro nations to spend much more on defense . 
  i would n't discount it . 
  more dried apricot for us !, 
  merkel invited them , no need for conspiracy theories . 
  i did n't realize that poland is full of jewish refugees . 
  supposedly he changed later in life , but he was a bad guy for most of his life . 
  you may be right . 
  i do n't want to google at work to find out though . 
  not to mention that socially at least , iran was fairly progressive before 1979 . 
  henry ford had his own mein kampf , `` the eternal jew '' placed in every car he sold for a very long time . 
  a lot of jews used to refuse to by a ford . 
  my dad was conflicted about it in 1990 , but i think that 's over now . 
  prob not allowed out of the state . 
  i 'm willing to bet your probation terms bar you from leaving the state , much less the country . 
  why should any country in europe pay to babysit you ? 
  you also are going to have a very hard time visiting canada . 
  since 1914 really . 
  i have a feeling you are going to be hearing that a lot today . 
  gs just disbanded their brics fund too . 
  that would be bad for vaginas . 
  no , i meant the south of germany , bavaria . 
  umm , germany has tins if codified limits on speech . 
  the fact that it is done so without sjws does n't make it any better . 
  and the few times i 've said that germans should repeal those laws , germans and non-germans alike says there is a very real chance of right wing radicalization if that was done . 
  i do n't even know what to think of that . 
  you are screwing over your union members more than us . 
  race to the bottom and all that . 
  i 'm not blaming you for our loopholes . 
  i suggested in another comment that the eu declare it illegal state aid , because it is . 
   at least to me , it was pretty clear that they wont meet the eu requirements either . 
  i honestly expected it to be a us only thing , since they sell so many more cars in europe , the emissions standards are lower , and the tests are subject to less verification . 
  just a crazy situation , will be interesting to see how things workout in a few months . 
  his spelling would indicate that english is not his first language . 
  our federal systems are quite similar , and the south is conservative in both places ... 
  yes , italian and irish kids made fun of each other in grade school for a long time . 
  it was really awful ... 
  the us tests are much more stringent than eu tests . 
  the fact that vw ca n't even pass eu tests is the `` news . '', 
   wait for ireland and luxembourg to grow a conscience and change their tax policy ? 
  these insanely low tax rates should be declared illegal state aid by the eu . 
  half our companies are now based out of ireland because of the crazy low taxes . 
  that ca n't help other eu countries either .
