  when the russians were getting into german territory , and the allies asked them to keep the rape down a bit , stalin said `` let them have some fun . '', 
  i suppose you could get into indiscriminate uk night bombing if you want ... and the us did firebomb japan , and nuked it . 
  but us/uk were never big into sanctioned rape . 
  this post is about the french , not the germans . 
  yeah , as soon as i marry / u/bkkgrl, 
  yes , though i 'd say we are pushing that less than we used to . 
  sa was very upset about the nuclear treaty . 
  ok , but that is n't what he said . 
  but we were n't there at those times either . 
  isis took all of the american weapons that were once the property of the iraqi army . 
  we did n't sell to isis . 
  the only thing to do is be patient and wait for oil to become less important . 
  we 've been less friendly with sa since increasing our oil production so much . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  we are supposed to be better than that , there is n't an excuse for rape . 
   u.s. forces executed 29 soldiers for rape , 25 of them african american . 
  if you 're a billionaire , i 'll be whatever you want . 
  you single ? 
  it 's an eggplant , is n't it, 
  i think puking on the towels would be effective . 
  have you seen the people there ? 
  nukes should n't be entrusted to those savages . 
  erdobots get angry quicker i find . 
  does n't look like i 'm going to be visiting turkey for awhile , will take your word . 
  you chicago people are too friendly . 
  if you glare at questionable people all the time , they try to find someone easier mess with . 
  it 's a miracle i 'm still alive ... 
  that 's quite bit of bad luck . 
  username checks out ... 
  there are some styles that use spice rubs only . 
  might be some that do n't do anything , and let the meat speak for itself . 
  the northern irelanders do n't like when you call them medieval . 
  bringing race and religion into the mix . 
  well done . 
  i avoid him at all costs . 
  they make putinbots look restrained . 
  great power politics are back . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  by saying `` refugees welcome '' you have funneled billions of dollars to criminal smugglers/terrorists . 
  to be more in line with western values , it would make sense to have staging areas closer to the conflict , and transport refugees directly to germany . 
  i 'm not criticizing , but you did ask . 
  lot of brits in florida all the time . 
  i wonder if this angers floridaman . 
  risky if you ask me . 
  the english do this towel thing as well ? 
  wow , i 'm going to visit because of your nice comment !!, 
  ( ok , i was going to visit anyway , but i like nice comments ), 
  i believe most italian debt , private and public is domestically owned . 
  bad news for italy . 
  i thought it was that you guys were too busy killing africans . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but you guys have n't been killing each other for awhile . 
  you should not mention belgium in the same sentence as the balkans . 
  and what makes it even more crazy is the all the ex-yugo languages are mutually intelligible . 
  fuck these people . 
  i got shot twice today . 
  feels bad man . 
  thanks to the european central bank 's robust response to italy 's deflation and stagnation , this should n't be much of a burden . 
  that is one pissed off author . 
  i agree with you . 
  i am most familiar with the uk , and i know that most britons would not hesitate if there was a genuine need to fight . 
  even the most nationalistic 80 year old will say no . 
  that 's a very understanding attitude . 
  i 've never been to the me , and the people from that area i deal with here know better than to make such comments , even if they think it . 
  i 'm jewish , and did get visibly upset with an israeli who moved here because he said israel got too soft and did n't kill enough palestinians . 
  i 'm just not good with dealing with insane ignorance . 
  double whammy . 
  i 'm jewish too , and i ca n't conceal rage well , so i stay away from places where i am going to hear things that make me angry . 
  why were you in oman/jordan ? 
  can confirm that this seems very strange to an american . 
  very helpful info , thx . 
  i think they asked all adukts , including the elderly . 
  if they had restricted it by age , it would be more realistic . 
  80 year olds are n't going to fight . 
  is that the entire question ? 
  do they mean if your country was invaded , or an expeditionary war ? 
  it also looks like they asked elderly people , etc. 
  as well . 
  kind of a stupid survey . 
  it 's more likely this guy was 2nd/3rd gen than a migrant . 
  wtf, 
  very interesting , thank you . 
  what states went bankrupt ? 
  if there is no credibility and trust in the fed , why has n't the euro replaced the dollar as the reserve currency ? 
  iberians murdered and enslaved tons of natives , but also intermarried with them . 
  i 'm guessing there are far more mixed people than pure natives , and that more of them are speaking g spanish and portuguese than indigenous languages . 
  that is what i 've been taught as well . 
  awful . 
  hopefully it 's a false report . 
  police just rushed the eiffel tower . 
  i think you are getting some things confused , or perhaps we are using differently terminology . 
  best example of an insane nationalist party , which rejects typical neo-liberalism woulb be jobbik . 
  they believe the world economic system is a jewish/israeli conspiracy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobbik#platform_and_ideology  jobbik rejects globalised capitalism , and the influence of foreign investors in hungary . 
  [ 40 ] jobbik specifically opposes israeli and jewish investment in hungary . 
  on 4 may 2013 , protesting the world jewish congress 's choice to locate their 2013 congress in budapest , party chairman gabor vona said , `` the israeli conquerors , these investors , should look for another country in the world for themselves because hungary is not for sale . 
  '' [ 41 ] i believe golden dawn has similar views . 
  there are other as well , but these 2 examples are illustrative enough for now . 
  this is different than republican orthodoxy , which has been neo-liberal and free trade . 
  trump is anti-free trade , but is generally laissez faire . 
  you 'll also notice how many republicans are abandoning trump because of his insane comments on islam .
