  they passed that on to their children , but i do n't think the current generation feels that way so much . 
  exactly right . 
  if moscow was captured ( which very nearly happened ) , i think the ussr crumbles . 
  most ironic bit about that is how many jewish scientists that fled the nazis contributed to the manhattan project . 
  agreed . 
  canadian troops deserve serious mention as well . 
  do n't be so sensitive . 
  it was our war plan to have the germans and soviets kill as many of each other as they could . 
  we knew we would not be getting along great with the soviets after the war , we wanted them as weak as possible . 
  while not an untrue assertion , this is might be the most condescending example of `` knowitallism '' i 've seen on reddit . 
  forget the topic , just look at this sentence :  '' intelligent educated people like us know it was the soviets . '', 
  is this satire ? 
  i ca n't find the massive book i read on stalin , which said he was paralyzed and did nothing , but this looks like it would cover it : http://www.amazon.com/stalins-folly-tragic-first-eastern/dp/0618367012/ref=sr_1_85?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1402416248&amp;sr=1-85&amp;keywords=stalin, 
  hopefully people understand that is was the deliberate strategy of the us/uk to let as many germans and soviets kill themselves as possible . 
  personally i wonder what would have happened had we taken over more over germany than agreed at yalta , and took berlin for ourselves . 
  it also bears mention that we were fighting a war in the pacific as well , so we were n't just sitting our our hands . 
  another of our war aims was the dismantlement of the british empire , which ike made quite clear during the suez crisis . 
  to win the war , you do not have to contribute the most . 
  oh really ? 
  i 've never used it . 
  how does it work ? 
  it 's like a hose that goes into the back of your tv , right ? 
  nothing is dubbed here , so watching might not be helpful . 
  sorry , i have n't had a coffee yet . 
  edit : maybe some old movies are dubbed in spanish . 
  we do have spanish as the second audio program on a lot of sports and some sitcoms . 
  maybe putting that on can help . 
  foreign language programming here is for native speakers . 
  i watch a bit of foreign film , which is always subtitled . 
  only old kung fu movies were dubbed . 
  we have lots of spanish programming , mostly from mexico . 
  the shows are atrocities , utter garbage . 
  there are some very attractive women of course , but it is all soap operas and game shows . 
  i can also order an international package for most countries , but that would be a little expensive . 
  since i took french in high school , that would make the most sense , but it would n't be of so much use , and i 'm not really a francophile . 
  like my english cousins , when english is your native language , you become complacent . 
  it was the f1 boss ' father . 
  what 's his name again ? 
  when i studied in london i met a bunch of french students , and it was the first thing i said to them . 
  they thought i was weird . 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  it 's almost like living somewhere , you just pick it up after being constantly exposed to it . 
  besides moving , i do n't really have this option . 
  it was 15 years ago , but when i visited small towns on the costa blanca , almost no one spoke english , even though half the population seemed to be english or german . 
  beautiful area though . 
  no , no , i 'm saying i see comments about not helping in the context if the eu . 
  i know ireland is very charitable . 
  that accounts for far more than 5 % of the population . 
  ooh , a bit touchy , are we ? 
  unfortunately , i ca n't do anything for them . 
  but it is funny you talk about doing things for others , all i see from irish redditors on here is `` oh migrants in swarming italy , i do n't give a fuck , we are fine over here . '', 
  `` oh we need to have some semblance of an integrated european military ? 
  we do n't need that , we 're fine over here . '', 
  oh , and did i mention abortion is legal here ? 
  anyway , you are the first person to get butthurt on me , but i 'll be a good boy and not make anymore jokes like that . 
  if it makes you feel better i am 0/32 irish . 
  well , it is very sad for those folks in southern states , where the governors opted out of medicaid for everyone ( big part of obamacare ) , so yes , i feel terrible for those people . 
  how do you say rectangular ballsack in swedish ? 
  well if you are watching american movies the villain always has an english accent . 
  youtube is blocked at work , so i must ask , is german will smith talking with an african american accent ? 
  i can assure that i have among the best insurance in the country , and access to some of the best medical facilities in the world , here in manhattan . 
  i 'm sorry , do you need ointment for your anal region ? 
  typical arthur . 
  i did n't see those comments , but they are quite stupid comments . 
  ok , i do n't doubt that , but i 'd say that is .05 % of the 5 % . 
  he was old . 
  got ta confess , i 'm lost . 
  huh ? 
  it was n't americans mocking it . 
  hell , it 's a walk in the park to understand , compared to the scots ( for an american anyway ) . 
  oh you mean like me with french ? 
  here is all i remember : `` mon chien est mort . '', 
  at least 3 % of that is due to drunken slurring . 
  they just did n't want to speak to an englishman . 
  come on , i 'm sure those people who speak cornish , welsh , etc. 
  also speak english . 
  norn ironish . 
  you were n't taught english in school ? 
  well , if they are from romania , how about calling them romani-romanians . 
  you know , like bonsian-serb , etc. 
  or just romani . 
  i do n't understand the problem . 
  in europe it is not pc to call these people illegals ? 
  a sensitive lot ... 
  but are n't they getting over 12 % of the migrants ? 
  and is that enough money to build ships and detention centers ? 
  actually that was britain and france , they dragged the eu and us into . 
  i especially liked the part where they told us they could handle the military aspects themselves , and ran out of munitions in a week . 
  yes i am sure . 
  i 'm on the train now , so i ca n't really link it . 
  but it was a campaign promise , and congress shut him down on it . 
  he also planned to have the trials in nyc , which they also outlawed . 
  i 'm happy about that one , i work next door to the federal courthouse , . 
  it would have been a zoo . 
  i was wondering who is downvoting me . 
  those parties are a minority in the european parliament . 
  i suppose i 'm not aware what effect this has on internal politics however . 
  if hollande assisted italy , the there would be a backlash in france ? 
  for helping keep illegals out ? 
  so if this issue clearly effects the entire eu , and there was just an anti-eu reaction in the elections largely attributable to immigration issues , why do n't countries work together to address this ?
