  to be fair , there was a good chance the kiwi may have been smuggling in underage sheep intended for the welsh . 
  i 'd think older folks would be more ignorant . 
  we were n't so helpful with that , supporting the shah and all . 
  everything since 1914 alone is enough . 
  umm , do you see the comments in this sub ? 
  people get very worked up when they think germany is bullying them . 
  tony abbott knighted a penguin . 
  norway too ? 
  the german left is always good for a chuckle . 
  i envy their inability to experience cognitive dissonance . 
  i do n't think a country without gay marriage can be the most gayropean . 
  that 's true . 
  the federal gov has executed 2 people since 2000 , and tsarenev was sentenced to death for the boston bombings . 
  he is delusional by our standards as well . 
  you ca n't say it 's the whole us , it 's been abolished in a lot of states . 
  i think it happens a lot less than it used to , now people would generally say `` hispanic . '', 
  that 's awesome . 
  yep , my town had a parade for him today . 
  yes , we know how much the english hate those . 
  that worked in 1812 bub , but i would n't try it now . 
  american film studios will be able to call in drone strikes on people that pirate movies . 
  source : / r/europe, 
  yummy . 
  i dated a girl from near alicante for awhile , and she moved here for a bit . 
  the first time i took her out for mexican here she turned red and was coughing , eyes watering . 
  it was hilarious . 
  you guys really could learn from the mexicans , your food is n't spicy enough . 
  if you say spaniard , people will know you mean spain . 
  spanish could be seen as a spanish speaking person , which obviously could be from a whole bunch of countries . 
  he was 2 countries . 
  you 're probably not a shithead . 
  to be honest , i 've never seen any tourists acting terrible in nyc . 
  walking slow , getting in the way , sure , but no one blatantly acting up or anything . 
  we 're nice as long as you are n't a total shithead . 
  gallo is bottom shelf . 
  the inat republic, 
  i 'm not christian , and i 'm not saying all muslims do that . 
  those are cultural practices from where some of the refugees come from . 
  the quran does not advocate slicing up vulvas . 
  it 's more the swedish than the lesbian thing . 
  we have churches with gay people here that do n't want to destroy themselves . 
  in a sense you already are . 
  because they apparently hate themselves . 
  and fgm , honor killings and other honorable traditions should be legalized as well . 
  what the fuck is wrong with people ??? 
  i have a jewish background , and when i was young our synagogue was in a protestant church with a huge wooden cross . 
  no one had a problem , and we 're grateful that we could use the building . 
  some french in here try very hard to live up to stereotypes . 
  sounds like you have some good options . 
  best of luck . 
  where you going to move ? 
  what type of biz you run ? 
  def getting bigger over here . 
  if you come to nyc , do not say this to a local . 
  same in the us , though little artisan appetizer pizzas are a little more common than they used to be . 
  you want pizza , you go to a pizzeria . 
  i 'm sure we are n't doing italian 100 % correct everywhere , but in places like nyc , i do n't think we are fucking it up so bad . 
  you can find northern and southern here . 
  one of the stupider things i 've ever heard in my life . 
  their cured meats alone are amazing and `` interesting . '', 
  not to mention their aged cheeses . 
  is it that people are fickle , or that it became a default sub for euro users ? 
  thad n they are doing a good job . 
  no one talks about religion and abortion in the northern states . 
  pray for bernie . 
  trump will not be the republican nominee . 
  you guys are getting way less than you used to , back when it was cool to be a eu federalist . 
  it takes a long time to get 28 countries to agree . 
  only way it works is by ceding decision making authority . 
  most of ee have stepped up their defense funding . 
  how do i donate ? 
  can someone inform the germans that people in the uk really do n't like to be told what to do ? 
  the germans need a pr firm bigtime . 
  everyday they piss people off by putting things in the worst possible way . 
  to think that banks would ever leave the city is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  my town had a whole bunch of wood buildings from 1720s onwards ... 
  just curious . 
  i dated a spanish girl , and she was under the impression wood houses could only last 20 years , and i see similiar type things on / r/europe . 
  do the folks from down south get worked up about your wooden houses ? 
  i said bork , not boork . 
  no it would not . 
  i work in a mason wall building in nyc that has an actual nuclear bomb bunker in the basement . 
  solid as you can get . 
  during the small earthquake we had here a few years ago the whole thing swayed like crazy . 
  brick masonry is not flexible at all . 
  wood framing is made from actual solid wood , not plywood or anything else . 
  flexible wooden frames are safer in an earthquake , i 'm surprised you do n't use them . 
  probably expensive to import wood though . 
  i 'm sorry , but my family fled the oppression of these insane symbols 125 years ago . 
  i ca n't insult their memory with these accent marks , dots and what not . 
  sorry , i do n't have a silly keyboard . 
  and homosex, 
  suppressing opinion fixing everything !, 
  the italian accent is stronger , but the french is sillier , imo . 
  do you even bork bro ? 
  like when a girl tells you small does n't mean it 's bad . 
  of course they should work there if/when they can , as many of the soviet immigrants ended up doing . 
  but when they first got here , they did any job available , and were required to . 
  true, 
  maybe he was a religious communist .
