  with all the insanity and exploding population in africa , this whole syrian/iraqi/afghan exodus will pale in comparison . 
  i 'd be 1000 times more likely to hurt myself and others with a sword than a gun . 
  i do n't go around getting into fights with guns , knives , swords , or fists , so i ca n't speak to that . 
  have you actually shot a gun ? 
  it 's not like there is only one way to do it . 
  clay pigeon shooting is great , i like long range target shooting , and blasting stuff with shotgun slugs is amazing . 
  everyone i 've taken who is anti-gun or has never shot before ends up having a great time . 
  i did n't say where the guns had to be kept or whatever , just answering the fella 's question . 
  because shooting is really fun . 
  not everyone buys guns for protection , mine are all locked up and unloaded . 
  [ :-( ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5lsvbb/europe_according_to_romania/dby6fqf/ ), 
  every map shits on france :-(, 
  if you leave a safe country to find a better job , you are an economic migrant . 
  man , i thought it was going to be yale , ivy leaguers always come up with a creative way to mention it . 
  ha , that is a crazy coincidence . 
  studied in new haven , huh ? 
  did not look at your profile , but living in bridgeport would def make someone hate it . 
  i live on the border of westchester/fairfield counties , fairfield is pretty damn nice . 
  show me on the doll where ct touched you . 
  oh come on , ct is nice . 
  how can you say finland is behind the times ? 
  darude sandstorm, 
  police stationed at new year 's eve events in city centers are not going to stop people from burning cars in the ghetto . 
  this reminds me of the day i drove to massachusetts from ny and had lunch , and stopped and took a shit in connecticut on the way home . 
  again , that did n't work the last time . 
  just deploy police . 
  you think you are a volvo , do n't you . 
  that didnt go well last time you tried it . 
  economic migrants . 
  you were too welcoming to people who did n't deserve it . 
  `` poles are among the better ones of shitty white people . '', 
  there is ni, 
  she is # 4 student of all usa ? 
  very nice, 
  you reminded me of when i was at the guiness brewery , and they do that bit where they teach you to poor a proper pint in a group . 
  everyone spoke basic english , besides these two older french women . 
  so the employees were using basic english , and hand signals to show them what to do . 
  they were so mortified and embarrassed that they turned all red and could n't function . 
  it was quite sad actually . 
  why would they think a bunch of tourists and people who work exclusively with tourists were going to be so judgmental ? 
  maybe in french culture doing the wrong thing in public is a huge thing , i do n't know . 
  and english , even in the irrelevant parts . 
  well , we might not be there for the eu , but that might actually push us closer to the uk . 
  the cure for dutch disease, 
  you would get your ass kicked here if you served this https://www.amazon.co.uk/pinhead-bread-sausage-burgers-manufacture/dp/b00cu9dt98, 
  you kniw tgat is n't normal , right ? 
  i 've never seen one . 
  well , there seems to be a few crises perculating . 
  nasty, 
  you did in the late 90s . 
  you put rusk in burgers !!, 
  i do n't think the uk was inclined to solve any problems in the context of the eu . 
  i think it 's great if the committed nations of the eu want to work together to solve problems . 
  the eu is facing a lot of headwinds right now , between migrants and the euro . 
  if things devolve into acrimony and chaos , it would be hard to argue that the uk followed the wrong strategy . 
   to me , the right path for europe is to cooperate not to divide . 
  that 's very nice , and there are many on the continent that feel that way , but even most of the strongest remainers were not in favor of further integration . 
  the uk is fundamentally different than the continent , people should accept that . 
  i 'm kind of shocked to hear your coworker was abused in finland . 
  is that type of harassment common ? 
  no one , trump will just ignore you . 
  oh , so all the uk needs to do is change its entire world view ? 
  it 's also a bit early to say they have picked the wrong path . 
  we are superior in terms of economy , population , military , etc. , that 's just math , not opinion , and it 's not a secret . 
  being aware of this is not condescending . 
  he 's lying , bribery does not happen on a routine basis here . 
  yup , there is a lot in common between our white trash and yours . 
  it was deleted by mods . 
  thx for posting that . 
  i 'm pretty shocked at all the hate . 
  i studied in the uk , and was quickly cured of that stereotype . 
  animals !!, 
  we think the british are classy ... : - /, 
  did you use canadian flair on linkedin too ? 
  opposite here , got a 72 for the year . 
  i did n't know they taught us history in ukraine . 
  i have a bad case of diarrhea . 
  best word ever . 
  no , that is the meat . 
  we say bolone-ya, 
  username checks out . 
  and yes , we are taught these things . 
  why do you think we still hate taxes so much ? 
  fyi , i got a 5 on my test . 
  they are putting in barriers in : https://twitter.com/polizeiberlin_e/status/811862039345922048/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw, 
  wow , this guy is horrible . 
  that is true with the exception of people awaiting deportation . 
  you can detain them here , and i think that is very reasonable . 
  this guy is a bad guy , the government knew it . 
  he should have been detained . 
  i suppose we need more details , but why not detain a threat before he is deported ? 
  this is n't some innocent citizen , he does n't even have a right to be in germany . 
  that 's exactly what i mean . 
  this is n't some free citizen , it 's a guy waiting to be deported . 
  detain him . 
  wtf . 
  there would be a lot less dead and hurt people if they were at the christmas market . 
  it 's not like bollards impede on anyone 's rights or make any problems . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  german intelligence knew he had terrorist affiliations , why was n't he detained because of that ?
