  as an attorney , this is fucking insane . 
  judicial independence in constutional matters is the greatest safeguard of a free society . 
  you are totally right about the us , but we call it assimilation , not multiculturalism . 
  just to explain again , when it 's in the opinion section , it 's `` fuck the author '' more than the paper . 
  yeah , i was wrong , will make a note . 
  apologies , i mispoke on denmark , i got the `` valuables law '' confused with not taking any . 
  the european press is quite harsh on denmark , no ? 
  i think you are being over the top about being upset the nyt published a french author . 
  but yes , last september , the us press , like the european press was stupid about the refugees . 
  that all stopped with paris though . 
  we did cause instability in the me , no doubt about it . 
  but that did n't mean europe had to throw it 's hands in the air and let millions of undocumented people waltz in . 
  that is n't our fault . 
  it 's in the opinion section , it 's not purporting to be balanced . 
  denmark has n't taken in any , has it ? 
  edit : i was wrong , denmark has accepted refugees , just not in the swedish/german fashion . 
  the author is french , or did you know that ? 
  we were founded by the english , what did you expect ? 
  they will always be our # 1 in europe , but europe and the us are drifting apart . 
  the city and wall street are allied as well . 
  as far as pay goes , i make less than i would in a top law firm , but probably more than most smaller firm would pay . 
  and that is just actual salary , you add 30 % to get the total value , so i 'm really not doing too bad . 
  but i still may leave for the private sector . 
  my wife and i have a combined income above 200k , and we are n't poor , but we are n't rich either . 
  it 's insanely expensive here . 
  you sure you want to put your employer out there ? 
  hell no , i 'd die without beer . 
  i 'm an attorney , i work for the state and have tons of vacation , sick time , pension and health benefits . 
  it 's not fair , i know . 
  i might actually work in the private sector , bc the thought of keeping this job for 25 more years seems daunting . 
  it 's not a bad job at all , but you ca n't leave and skip out on that pension after awhile . 
  what biz are you in ? 
  try having kids in nyc on 200k . 
  it can be done , but you wo n't be feeling very rich . 
  it smells amazing . 
  will order some up when i have a fireplace . 
  does n't seem to give off much heat though . 
  not peat ? 
  i do n't think it is , i just dated a girl from that area a very long time ago , and they were not handing out jobs . 
  the one near alicante . 
  when were there decent jobs in elche ? 
  there was very , very limited collaboration in poland . 
  the ghetto bird !, 
  in front of my building it 's honking horn and occasional muscle car or pickup truck . 
  which is why we are looking to move somewhere quiter soon . 
  cause we stole the land from the redman . 
  which side of the wall is that ? 
  i am fancy with the beers , guilty as charged . 
  no pinkies out at the range though . 
  are they as cute ? 
  bruh , i do n't drink any beer with below 8 % abv . 
  son , i 'm a raging alchy , gun/muscle car owning , red blooded ` murican , but ai n't nothing wrong with cuddly , cute animals . 
  they would give me kisses , and then we would play with my cat . 
  it would be the best day ever . 
  wow , i did n't know fresh water seals existed . 
  i would hug them . 
  cute seals ca n't fuck with our badass dolphins http://www.businessinsider.com/the-us-navys-combat-dolphins-are-serious-military-assets-2015-3, 
  everyone knows these people are here illegally , but everyone likes keeping wages down , so nothing is done . 
  which was quite a long time ago . 
  but yes , in the 1860s , the irish were the mexicans of today . 
  i totally get it , but there are only 50k irish , and 11m other illegals . 
  if you are advocating for some trumpish kick everyone out thing , ok , it makes sense . 
  but otherwise , if we kicked the irish out , they would be replaced in seconds by other illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm sure it 's very frustrating to people taking the legal route , but as far as i know , we let in very few low skilled people in legally . 
   nowadays , the u.s. and ireland boast of a special relationship . 
   whether that friendship influences immigration removals is hard to say . 
  last year , nearly 177,000 mexicans were deported ; 33 irish were sent home . 
  you just wait until president trump kicks out 8m mexicans , and 100 irish . 
  everyone likes them , and there is no political pressure whatsoever to kick them out . 
  i met a very nice bartender from cork last night , she can stay as long as she wants . 
  like me and hamburgers . 
  my sister in law is obsessed with provence , they go a lot . 
  as for the french in nyc , no complaints , they fit in very well . 
  i 'm happy that so many visit , i know you guys are picky !, 
  the dracula `` family '' lived in the town in ny i grew up in , i believe they were given the castle a few years ago . 
  as for women , in general ee/balkan are gorgeous . 
  maybe bc i 'm a pervert , i see romanians on camsites . 
  ah , very nice . 
  glad to have so many of you here !, 
  totally off topic , but is it a holiday in france ? 
  there are a billion french here in manhattan today . 
  they really are hot as fuck . 
  if i remember correctly , the basque 's dna is much different ( as is their language ) than anyone else in europe . 
  they might actually be vulcan . 
  absolute animals . 
  bernie is old , they were n't teaching that back then . 
  no one here would deny this at all . 
  do n't they at least know dracula and beautiful women ? 
  ` murica does n't know about gypsies , just vampires . 
  you took our jobs !, 
  sorry romania , it 's a bad habit of ours when talking about small countries . 
  for example : http://nypost.com/2016/03/02/even-norway-can-make-a-decent-action-movie/ it 's not anything to do with anything besides size . 
  yeah , you motherfuckers are tall . 
  i 've been to croatia and i barely saw any fat people , and the bosniaks i know here are tall and skinny too . 
  i know , that 's one of the reasons there were so many delays , leaks , etc. 
  i 'm going to check it out at lunch . 
  wander around for an hour and then sob uncontrollably ? 
  ` stan people are a little darker than eeers . 
  holy shit that is cheap for 300mb . 
  bernie is right , you are kicking our asses !,
