  but maybe i 'm looking at this from the wrong perspective . 
  are you saying there is a paternalistic feeling towards the government , and that the people do n't need to worry , because the government wo n't do them harm ? 
  thus making codified rights unnecessary ? 
  or do you believe that the people 's will is expressed so perfectly , that if people wanted codified rights , the would already exist ? 
  it is possible to have legislative flexibility , while having some sort of basic codified rights . 
  do you understand that when there is no charge at all , visits for ridiculous reasons go up by a massive percentage ? 
  like people going in for a paper cut . 
  remember , there is no waiting here , so you will be seen right away for your paper cut . 
  obviously this drives up costs for everyone , and is a bad thing . 
  i 'm willing to pay $ 20 to hold costs down , if you are not , you are a selfish asshole . 
  and maybe you missed the part where it say i do n't pay anything , the government pays for my plan . 
  i do n't pay anything for it . 
  this is probably due in large part to your countries aversion to a written constitution and enumerated rights . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  have you even been to europe ? 
  i 'm a middle class person in the nyc area , i have access to amazing healthcare , i own an apartment , i have plenty of vacation time . 
  my life is pretty damn good , better than all my friends in europe by a long shot . 
  what we do n't do in this country is take care of our poor , and that is shameful . 
  but if you are a middle class person , i can assure you that you are doing better than most places . 
  i 'm sure the nordic countries have the highest standards , but do you want to be a greek young person , or italian , or spanish ? 
  have you spoken to these people ? 
  if you are a person that our country treats poorly , i am very sorry , and hope things change . 
  but if you are middle class and above , you are doing quite well i can assure you . 
  you are right , i should have just said white . 
  yes , it has a certain political bent , not to say that there are n't reasonable euro-skeptic folks to be found . 
  but it 's less gyspies this and muslims that . 
  also , i 've seen many posts where they are quite proud of all the studies showing them to be the most tolerant folks in europe . 
  but i do n't want to get too much on an anglophile rap around here , so i 'll conclude on that note . 
  she was a tad insufferable . 
  not to throw too much racial stuff in there , but her and her husband were born in india , and moved to london . 
  i believe they came from a high caste , rich indian family , so perhaps they brought a different attitude to the table . 
  they were uk citizens though . 
  like i said , when i lived in the uk , i never heard a brit speak ill of the nhs . 
  that was my thought too , but i figured i would ask a brit . 
  there is less of all types of racial/religious/ethic stuff going on in that sub . 
  i think it is quite civilized . 
  it 's funny , it is the opposite here in some ways . 
  i work for a state agency , i have a plan that is paid for by the government , but i go to private doctors . 
  i never have to wait for anything , everything is covered , my prescriptions are $ 5 , visiting a doctor is $ 20 . 
  i think i have some of the best care possible , being in the nyc area , with so many highly ranked teaching hospitals around . 
  then we have my wife , works in private industry , makes over twice as much as me , and is on the fast track to upper management . 
  however , he employer offers shit insurance , which less doctors accept and higher out of pocket expenses and shitty drug coverage . 
  i actually turned down a private industry job making more because of the benefits i have , and of course the pension . 
  my wife is on my plan , we look at it like a private-public partnership . 
  this is why people get so mad at government employees here , we get the best health care coverage in the country , and still get pensions . 
  to private industry folks , they hate that because they are working longer hours , and feel they deserve the best . 
  and then you have working class folks who work hard , but get no coverage . 
  if you are impoverished/on disability or are over 65 , you get coverage from the government . 
  obviously , the worst part of our system is self-employed and working class people who have no coverage . 
  obamacare is improving it , but many southern states ( which have by far the most unhealthy people ) opted out of a lot of important provisions . 
  i believe i may be in danger of paying some kind of tax penalty for having a `` cadillac plan , '' which was really meant to tax ceos and other very wealthy people . 
  thank you for the informative reply . 
  i think it would be interesting to compile how many people use private insurance in a single payer scheme nations . 
  in norway for example , you say `` many employers ; '' are these employers in high paying industries , or would some random office worker at a boring mid-size company have private insurance offered ? 
  as far as government employees , i take it that they are not offered private plans . 
  did you use your private insurance to pay for the nhs ? 
  i 'm not sure about how their immigration policies work , are you entitled to nhs if you did not have private insurance ? 
  to rational people , yes . 
  but if we are talking about a sub that hates every non-white/christian , i would assume that the jews would get some hate too . 
  we don ; t want them to feel left out after all . 
  welp , i 'm staying the fuck away from that sub forever . 
  well you see , both of these americans are different sides of the same coin . 
  they are probably from areas that are not diverse and do not meet people from elsewhere , besides illegal hispanic immigrants perhaps . 
  so to half of them , europe is socialist paradise , and to the other half , it is white paradise . 
  i 'll also point out that most of these people are basement dwelling teenagers . 
  i lived in london and have traveled all over europe , in the urban places at least , it is not all white . 
  if you want to live in an all white city , just move to seattle . 
  geez . 
  no way i 'm looking at those threads , my head will explode . 
  bu thanks for the insight . 
  what percentage of norwegians use private health insurance ? 
  i lived in england , and have a friend who works for the nhs , and the folks i met there seemed to like it . 
  but living in the us , i 've met brits and canadians who hate their systems , seems rather strange to me . 
  one british woman told me `` the nhs ? 
  good lord , no one uses that . '', 
  she was the wife of an investment banker , so i suppose there is a class element . 
  surely they hate jews , no ? 
  they must , must hate israel , i ca n't see it being any other way . 
  this is a whole breed of american i never knew about !, 
  i knew about the american that wants to move to sweden , because it is literally heaven , but not the ones that think it is heaven b/c white people . 
  til . 
  i asked this on this thread , but i 'll ask you : i 'm not subbed to / r/worldnews . 
  from the comments i see in other subs , it is both full of stormfront people , and viciously anti-american people . 
  i would think stormfront people would be white americans . 
  so who exactly is in there ? 
  does the eu have any input on healthcare ? 
  is there a perception that the eu would try to change the nhs via regulations/standards , or anything else ? 
  just wondering if that is part of the anit-eu sentiment . 
  thx . 
  i 'm not subbed to / r/worldnews . 
  from the comments i see in other subs , it is both full of stormfront people , and viciously anti-american people . 
  i would think stormfront people would be white americans . 
  so my question is , who the fuck is subscribed there ? 
  do you see a different attitude in / r/europe than / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  til beating a teenager with the intent to murder over petty theft is justice according to ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ / r/europe ... ftfy, 
  yes , they are now opening options with the russians . 
   strengthening their ties with china i think this is key . 
  china and russia probably have some kind of handshake deal for each of them to agitate the security of nations aligned with the us . 
  this makes our `` pivot to asia '' harder , and makes us spend even more money . 
  china has really been starting with the philippines and japan .
