  i hear you on the jew thing , but i figure this late in the thread it 's just a 1 on 1 discussion . 
  what was it ? 
  i have to say , baltic redditors are extremely knowledgeable about russian energy issues . 
  i find it very persuasive , but i guess since i have no economic interest , it 's easier for me to be open minded . 
   no important country has a foreign policy based on morals . 
  that 's for countries like norway . 
  i think sweden fits the bill more . 
  over 1000 years of darkness after rome collapsed , could happen again . 
  do n't throw the holocaust in their face , none of these redditors did it . 
  and that 's coming from a jew . 
   if it keeps eastern europe safe from russian aggression then i am entirely willing to see some european businesses suffer . 
  this is the most pro-eu statement i 've ever seen on this sub . 
  very nice . 
  all the jews were expelled from spain , why would anyone be concerned with them in the '30s ? 
  sounds very , very similar to the attitudes towards the confederacy in the southern us . 
  just a few months ago they removed confederate monuments in new orleans under police protection . 
  how can anyone not support burying people in ditches with dignity ?? 
  last august my friends from norwich ( husband and wife ) visited us in nyc , and it was the wife 's first time in the us . 
  it was 34c and very , very high humidity . 
  she turned bright pink , was panting and sweating , it was hilarious . 
  i see people all over manhattan doing that . 
  guess their offices must have showers . 
  big deal , we have the first profoundly retarded president ( bush was only mildy retarded ) . 
  nice !, 
  i 'll find you some good eats !, 
  glad you enjoyed it !, 
  i still think it 's the greatest big city in the world , though i admit i have not been to asia . 
  too bad i did n't know you were going , i love helping random redditors plan their trip here . 
  has trump affected this at all ? 
  the press over here got upset when trump ignored a romanian reporter 's question about russia when the romanian pm was visiting . 
  i assume it was a much bigger story in ee . 
   the us has never had any interest in good relations with russia even when hillary brought that reset button over there ? 
  this is very offensive to orangutans . 
  oh man , you went to miami in the summer ??? 
  that 's a suicide mission . 
  were you in ny for business or pleasure ? 
  i 'm not disputing any of that at all . 
  but when a foreign power is sheltering , and protecting the leader of a group that just killed over 3k of your citizens , you attack them . 
  the nation building nonsense after is a joke , but there is no way we do n't attack the taliban . 
  obviously iraq had nothing to do with it , and should have never happened . 
   majority of 9/11 terrorists were from saudi arabia . 
  bin laden was under the protection of the taliban . 
  that is why it happened . 
  american lng , which is probably why these sanctions are happening . 
  and they are better than ever , selling quite well here . 
  i still want a boxy '80s wagon though . 
  no thank you, 
  hell no , i would die . 
  when i lived in london ( in autumn ) it got warm for a few days , not even hot , just warm , like 28c , and i almost died on the tube because there was no ac . 
  i was sweating like an animal , i need cool air circulating at all times !, 
  has the gulf stream announced a retirement date ? 
  you are right , looked up this past tuesday , which was horrible here . 
  38.3 c at laguardia airport , with a max humidity of 58 , and an avg of 43 . 
  in july 2011 , the heat index in nyc hit 44.4 , which was brutal . 
  the rotting garbage smell really adds to the effect . 
  we hit that on tuesday in nyc , with very high humidity . 
  i feel your pain . 
  it 's brutal , but if you are sitting still in the shade , you can survive it because of the lack of humidity . 
  compare that to 38 and 90 % humidity , where you are drenched while sitting in the shade , and trust me , you 'd take the 49 . 
   42 \u00b0 and 80 % humidity or something crazy like that . 
  that 's the worst weather on earth if you ask me . 
  even just sitting still , you will be soaked in sweat . 
  on the bright side , you have low humidity . 
  we get similar weather in nyc , but with super high humidity . 
  it sucks, 
  what 's the temperature where you are ? 
  it 's not really close , but worth the trip to see someone you have n't seen for years . 
  such a piece of shit . 
  i 'm not moving the goalposts . 
  in my initial comment , i stated that she `` advocated '' for detention without charges . 
  in a subsequent comment i called it a campaign proposal . 
  nowhere did i state that legislation was drafted , or that anything formal was introduced . 
  this is not something new , this is not something she has tried to hide , it is something she campaigned on , as the excerpt from the speech showed . 
  nowhere did i even mention any other conservatives , and apparently a not insignificant number of tories are not in favor of increased detention . 
  here , one of the many articles which repeats her support for detention :  she 's also calling to extend pre-charge detention ( we 've seen this somewhere before too ) . 
  extending to 28 days would put us way out of step with comparable democracies -- it 's 48 hours in the us -- and in line with oppressive regimes . 
  it 's totally unnecessary : of 55 people arrested in 2015 on suspicion of being a terrorist , 93 % were held for less than a week and there 's no suggestion it would have made any difference in recent months . 
  the conservatives themselves campaigned against lengthy pre-charge detention in opposition . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/jun/07/theresa-may-human-rights-european-charter-terrorists you can see how many times her name pops up going back for many years , since you are disputing that she was in favor of detention in the past : https://www.theguardian.com/law/control-orders you are right that uk courts held that these restrictions of movement were compliant with the echr . 
   as home secretary , she oversaw the replacement of control orders -- sweeping powers introduced in 2005 that placed extreme limits on the freedom and movement of terrorism suspects -- and their replacement with what some critics have described as `` watered down '' restrictions . 
  while control orders were widely criticized by many judges and human rights campaigners , the uk 's top court ruled on several occasions that onerous restrictions on the freedom of unconvicted suspects was nevertheless in accordance with the european convention on human rights ( echr ) . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/07/europe/theresa-may-terrorism-human-rights/index.html to review , 1 . 
  i did not claim there was any formal legislation put forth by her , simply that she has publicly called for increased detention powers . 
  she has been in favor of this for over a decade , and has been heavily involved in it , hence why i did not think a british redditor would need a history of it 3 . 
  it makes no sense to conflate british citizens being held without charge on british territory to taliban/aq combatants being captured on foreign soil being held at gitmo . 
  additionally , the us government would not have the right to detain those same fighters if they were on american soil . 
  i 've already provided you with a quote and source , not sure what the confusion is . 
  i 'll paste it again to be clear : `` and i mean doing more to restrict the freedom and the movements of terrorist suspects when we have enough evidence to know they present a threat , but not enough evidence to prosecute them in full in court . 
  `` and if human rights laws stop us from doing it , we will change those laws so we can do it . '' https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jun/06/theresa-may-rip-up-human-rights-laws-impede-new-terror-legislation i was explaining to you the legal differences between enemy combatants and may 's campaign proposal for detention . 
  and while i do find may 's campaign proposal beyond the pale for me personally , i 'm not saying it would be illegal under uk law , though i believe there were limitations put on detention by the courts during the blair era . 
  i 'm not really sure what you are missing . 
   so are we judging morality here , or someone 's ability to cover legal bases by interning people through legal loopholes ? 
  i am not discussing morality at all , i am discussing what is legal and what is not . 
  all of this is analyzed under the color of law , not the color of morals . 
  may kept proposing detention during the campaign , there were tons of articles on it , and thousands of reddit posts on it . 
  i 'm not sure if it ever reached the level of a written and detailed proposal . 
  you are free to look it up as well ; as i said earlier , i discussed this in detail when all the posts about it were popular , i 'm at work and there is only so much redditing i can do . 
  also , i 'm not calling the enemy combatant designation the way w bush used it was `` good , '' and it was subsequently limited by scotus . 
  however , capturing taliban or aq at tora bora is a lot different than putting joe blow uk citizen in jail because the government does n't like his internet activity , do n't you agree ? 
  to me , that is why what may wants is `` worse , '' because under her proposal , it would be legal to do this to anyone in the uk , on uk soil .
