  as the article said , this is not why the uk joined . 
  the joined for economic purposes . 
  no pubs ? 
  clubs ? 
  what are you supposed to do , study ? 
  ridiculous . 
  great article !, 
  should be required reading for any discussing a brexit . 
  i 'll just add my two cents , on how i was corrected on calling the uk `` european '' by brits within hours of moving into my dorm in london . 
  do intestines taste like poop ? 
  hopefully scotland has n't exported its pub closing time street violence as well ... 
  fear not , king henrik lundqvist shall return to sweden and restore it to its former glory . 
  my friend just visited his brother who was giving his phd thesis in the malmo area . 
  he also said it did n't seem too bad . 
  what about downtown malmo ? 
  edit : this is controversial ? 
  you crazy ? 
  pierogis are amazing . 
  yum . 
  but we do n't need anything to do with the migration issue to give us an excuse to put ships wherever we want . 
  if this was in our interest , we already would have done it . 
  in general , i 'm anti-interventionist and ideally would like to see the us totally out of europe . 
  however , i 'm also a realist , and with oil prices so low , this is a great time to turn up the heat on russia . 
  so i 'm not totally opposed to our escalation in ee . 
  not to mention that the ee'ers actually care about self-preservation , and have not forgotten history . 
  makes the whole thing more palatable . 
  i just ca n't comprehend the thinking of many we governments , and some of their people . 
  it feels like there must be some grand conspiracy that i must be missing out on . 
  how can you sit there and let greece and italy ( with their terrible economic situation ) sit there and get bombarded by migrants for years , and ignore their pleas for help ? 
  how can you put no effort into territorial integrity whatsoever , while eliminating many internal borders ? 
  how can you wholesale outsource your defense to the us ? 
  how we completely dismiss the concerns of ee'ers ? 
  it 's just all so ridiculous . 
  you are right , but it would have been a nice statement to see eu nations work on this together without invoking nato . 
  though perhaps with the involvement of turkey , it might not have been possible . 
  admiral ackbar did nothing wrong . 
  are these people french citizens ? 
  if european nations do n't have the fortitude to send their own ships to their own shores to stop criminal smugglers , they deserve everything they get . 
  italy and greece begged the eu for help for years and years , and no one gave a shit . 
  and now the us should be happy about this ? 
  you do n't give a shit about yourselves , why should the us give a shit ? 
  i 've got no issues with gulf war i , but the war in 2003 was not justified . 
  and yeah , saddam sucked , but as we see now , we 're basically better off with insane secularists than insane islamists . 
  we also gifted iran a big shiite ally . 
  i do n't take it personally , it 's just annoying to hear that the us betrayed ee after wwii . 
  and hell , we are the only ones taking ee security seriously now . 
  the ussr did n't even declare war on japan until 2 days after we nuked hiroshima . 
  we basically had no help the whole time . 
  after germany surrendered , they started shipping american soldiers the to the pacific for the invasion of japan . 
  that is pretty cool about the partisans in lithuania . 
  you guys got fucked over so bad by russia , and then half the people in your union think you are just paranoid , and they do n't giver a shit . 
  pathetic . 
  his followers are going strong here in nyc . 
  people with ashes on their foreheads everywhere ... 
  the pope will be very happy with you !, 
  i suppose , i just figured people would recall the whole nuking bit . 
  this is fucking insane@@!, 
  and i 'm just sitting here think everyone gets a house in nordic paradise ... makes nyc sound fun . 
  oh wow , sounds like russia has a few calculators worth . 
  i do n't know , i thought the whole nuking japan twice bit might have a rung a bell with some folks . 
  it was right there in his comment was n't it . 
  at least viet nam had some domino theory cold war bs to it as a rationale , iraq was much worse in my opinion . 
   but in reality americans never really invade anyone unless they have very good reasons to do so i would n't put iraq war ii into that category . 
  tito and the partizans were badasses . 
  he told stalin to go eff himself multiple times . 
  does no one in europe remember that we were still fighting japan when germany surrendered ? 
  if it was n't for japan , maybe would would have done something about stalin . 
  seems to me that most europeans are only vaguely aware of the asian theater . 
  forget outward aggression , europe is n't willing to defend it 's outer borders for any reason whatsoever . 
  it was a dual pronged strategy between the us and ksa . 
  we forced them into an arms race , ksa pumped tons of oil and killed the russian 's primary source of hard currency . 
  ussr was also destroyed by low oil prices . 
  if the beer stayed fresh , i would 100 % visit . 
  of course . 
  a lot of very powerful people would lose out if it were to change . 
  sure , it just seems many less people in the world want to make that sacrifice . 
  also , it was n't always a sacrifice for most people , if you were a farmer , children were helpful . 
  or in the industrial revolution you could send them to work . 
   as a deputy governor at the bank of england put it : `` banks extend credit by simply increasing the borrowing customer 's current account ... that is , banks extend credit by creating money . '', 
  as banks create the amount borrowed , but not the interest to be paid on that loan , there is now more debt in the world than money . 
  that means there must be an increasing amount of lending to pay off debts plus interest while maintaining the amount of money in circulation , which means economic activity must continually increase . 
  otherwise , as debts are paid off , so our money supply shrinks , which leads to defaults , foreclosures , bankruptcies , unemployment , depression , and , history shows us , then crime and extremism . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/alternative-monetary-systems-address-economic-problems the fed started freaking out in the late 90 's when clinton ran a budget surplus because they thought we might run out of debt at some point ... 
  if you are some person living in social housing with a very low or income , and you get some extra benefits for having children , then people will have the children . 
  if you are a married middle class couple paying your own way living in a nice house/apartment you can choose between that and taking a hit in your standard of living with children , or traveling , having vacation homes and cars for toys . 
  because poor people do n't have nice shit to begin with , where middle class people can have lots of nice shit if they do n't have kids . 
  [ heh ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/polandball.png ), 
  without growth , our monetary system collapses . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is there not plenty of room to build in sweden ? 
  what is the issue ? 
  i suppose you are right . 
  gang members would be more accurate . 
  mostly to american taxpayers . 
  it must warm your heart to see the concern and solidarity of your union-mates . 
   a satirical article in a german newspaper has prompted a major diplomatic row after the polish president lech kaczynkski was compared to a potato . 
  the president 's twin-brother , newly appointed prime minister jaroslaw kaczynkski , has called on the german government to take action against the paper as german-polish relations further deteriorate . 
  i did n't know potato was such a terrible insult . 
  this was a little north of fulton on the a. 
  once a lady yelled at me for not doing anything about a stealth fapper .
