  what a fucking shithead !, 
  source : white jew, 
  it 's always they/them/it ? 
  i never could figure out why objects are randomly male or female . 
  english is full of arbitrary rules . 
  does it suck too ? 
  a bit ? 
  they are fucking lunatics . 
  umm , they are saying down with their own country ? 
  i mean i know you guys generally do n't like nationalism , but that is a bit over the top ... and the radical left like the us ? 
  we are n't very leftist . 
  very interesting !, 
  what is you are vaguely jewish looking ? 
  but baseball was invented by imperialists !, 
  if no one plays baseball in europe , how are baseball bats so available ? 
   and this documentary does shed a lot of uncomfortable truths about anti-semitism , namely that most of it comes from non-white often muslim immigrants . 
      this is n't a new discovery , but it is rarely discussed in the swedish media . 
  you often have to go to media abroad for that . 
  most jews are white , they ca n't be victims . 
   and that europe ca n't take care of its interests just by being an `` economic super-power '' . 
  i 'm also sure that many americans would prefer europe taking care of its own `` backyard '' . 
  the us will never be part of another country or anything beyond a free trade union , but of course we can be very close allies . 
  if / r/europe has taught me anything , it 's that the most sane people in europe are generally the former soviet bloc countries . 
  you guys have not forgotten history . 
  is there proof of that ? 
  meh , when it is a truly stupid statement , it 's funny , but a lot of the time it is completely ridiculous misinterpretations . 
  but i 'm just talking about the comments , the links themselves are n't my issue . 
  that is very similar to the law in ny . 
  you have a duty to retreat , you can not use deadly force unless you are backed into a corner from which you can not escape , and you are in fear for your life . 
  i do n't get that shit yo . 
  cia is behind it . 
  it does n't sound like there would be many home invasions on any event . 
  this is how i keep my guns , locked on a safe , and taken out a couple times a year for target practice . 
  there is no breaking and entering where i live , it 's very safe . 
  are you swiss ? 
  how do you know what they would do in the event of a home invasion ? 
  i can live with our system . 
  full auto would be fun , buy not having it is n't the end of the world . 
  exactly !, 
  it does . 
  omg, 
  the strategy works though , they are as strict as can legally be done , and then are assholes on top of it . 
  so people like me , who have no record , wo n't even bother applying . 
  i 'm joining a gun range as a member , and i know they help you work your way through the application , so i might actually do it . 
  no doubt about that . 
  people like me follow the laws however . 
  for me to get a pistol permit just for target shooting is a massive process where i would be interviewed by the police and a judge , as well as a background check and numerous character references . 
  it would take at least 18 months to do , and they try to throw out as many applications on technicalities , so you have to start over . 
  of course if i lived in a county further upstate , it would be a lot easier . 
  it 's very anti-gun in the ` burbs where i live . 
  he said you can buy full auto by applying for a special permit . 
  just like here . 
  yup , and then shake up a can can of mountain dew and spray it in their faces . 
  no , wwi is when they stopped speaking german . 
  someone could have gotten a splinter on the original wood stock . 
  that is n't safe either . 
  : - /  what is good reason to own a fiream ? 
   the police want to see that you need your rifle or firearm on a regular basis for work , sport or leisure . 
  however , chief officers can exercise their discretion over what constitures a good reason . 
  and aids, 
  watching people die in the street from the flu is our national sport . 
  and even for a club it 's hard to get one ? 
  my statement is controversial , i guess the complaining has started . 
  what about a .22 bolt action ? 
  i love my marlin .22 semi-auto , which is would be illegal to purchase in ny now bc of the evil folding stock i put on it . 
  dreidls on dirndls . 
  that is what i meant , staring at someone here would not be a good idea either . 
  i believe it 's based on residency , not citizenship . 
   i live in virginia , which is the least-regulated gun state in the us . 
  no , that is vermont . 
  constitutional carry for all people age 16 and over . 
  no need for permits . 
  hell of a lot easier than ny though . 
  ha , that 's true , it 's considered bad manners to stare at someone with a blank look some places . 
  not nyc though , lol . 
   going out to enjoy nightlife when the sun is still up , and heading home when the sun is coming up is a great experience !, 
  that sounds so cool . 
  people were super nice to me in ireland , and that is as far west as you can go . 
  no i do n't agree , in fact , you can look at my recent post history :-d but i do n't think it 's bad if you or anyone else in europe do n't want to have guns in your country . 
  i go target shooting , it 's fun . 
  i do n't have anything for defense , and i keep my guns locked in a safe . 
  ha , when i went to nc , i thought the smiles were fake too . 
  fuck , are we fake ?? 
  i 'm 38 and i 've never been shot at , or seen a gun crime . 
  well over 90 % of the people i know have never shot a gun . 
  i 'm pretty sure people get stabbed in europe , but i 'm not going to be afraid to visit because of that . 
  i mean , if you want to have some kind of principled objection to visiting because you disagree is fine , to do it based out of fear is pretty damn paranoid . 
  it does n't mean the smiles are fake , it means there are different rules for smiling . 
  most of the bosnians i know are pretty smiley ... 
  besides police you are not going to see any armed people unless you go to a gun store . 
  especially if you visit somewhere like nyc . 
  this makes about as much sense as me saying that i 'm not going to germany because a few neonazis keep burning down refugee centers . 
  find out where upstate . 
  seems quite sane to me . 
  it worked so well in afghanistan in the 80s , that we had to do it again . 
  it 's a waste of money , and does more harm then good . 
  a circle of jerks is more accurate . 
  we 've sent a whole 5 fighters !, 
  thx , i 'll start looking around now . 
  just like they did when mh17 was shot down .
