  i actually agree with you though . 
  i do n't think you get what i 'm saying . 
  if what he is producing is a violation of your laws , he can be held liable for breaking those laws . 
  but if you get into deciding if someone can be held liable based on whether or not it is `` art , '' then it is so vague it is insane . 
  if i arrange dogshit in a smiley face and say it 's a commentary on capitalism , who are you to say it is n't art ? 
  what about modernist paintings that are a grey square , is that art ? 
  it 's just a square , what is artful about that ? 
  point is you can define what is offensive and/or illegal , you can not define what is art . 
  as a moviegoer , i found this offensive . 
  you should be imprisoned for hate speech . 
  what as a brit makes you any more expert in swedish law than an aussie ? 
  you have far more in common with aussie law . 
  or are you just acting like a cunt ? 
  this was hardly burning a cross on someones lawn . 
  this was just course , simplistic garbage . 
  who are you to decide what is art or not ? 
  `` what is art '' is the oldest question in the world that has no answer . 
  swedish gov is acting like the fools who rioted over muhammad pics . 
  freaking out because a picture . 
  absolute joke . 
  that makes it ok ? 
  i live in nyc , we have the exact same problem . 
  it will never crash horribly , hell , it barely went down here in 2008 . 
  there is simply no better investment in the world than prime manhattan ( and brooklyn too ) and london real estate . 
  everyone on the planet wants in on it . 
  you should see all the new supertall condominium buildings they are building here , a few taller than the empire state building . 
  building , building , building everywhere . 
   and i love germans , and admire how they run their country , but every once in a while you still catch a scent of the old prussian attitudes . 
  it 's funny you say this , i have to friends ( whose parents were born in hungary and scotland , one in each ) and they love germany . 
  one of them plays as the nazis on war games ( he is not a nazi ) . 
  anyway , i was going on my usual rant about europe needing to pay for it 's own defense , especially germany . 
  i expected them to be in total agreement that germany could be trusted . 
  to my shock , the were really uneasy about it . 
  they were there for the world cup in 2006 and said they could n't describe it , but something about all the flags or whatever else , that they found disconcerting . 
  they were surprised to be affected . 
  like i said , these guys love germany and go all the time . 
  oh , i think you guys are great with immigrants , i 've lived in the uk . 
  i 'm not sure all of the immigrants are university educated though . 
  i 'm talking about a housing crisis , london is insanely expensive . 
  housing shortages in most of the rest of the country too , no ? 
  and i keep hearing that nurseries in the hospital are literally overflowing . 
  obviously you would know better than i. edit : did n't see your flair . 
  you are english in italy ? 
  even if eu citizens pile in by the thousands because of economic disparity ? 
  things are quite crowded already , no ? 
  i would n't expect the uk to ever just get out altogether , i 'd expect an arrangement like norway has . 
  then again , i 'm not sure if that would help the immigration issue . 
  so us goes home , pulls out of nato , and you guys are fine ? 
  your counter arguments are truly impressive . 
  name calling instead of explaining how i 'm wrong has really been a learning experience . 
  :-( `` bi it all . '', 
  happy ? 
  did n't you guys vote no on a treaty enlarging the eu in a referendum , and then you got fucked anyway ? 
  i ca n't remember it all . 
  that happened in a few countries , right ? 
  i think the people were right !, 
  lol . 
  irish neutrality caused ferguson riots . 
  how about do n't join a union with a mutual aid clause if you will not provide aid . 
  i actually have no problem with ireland 's policy on neutrality , but you guys joined a union that has a mutual aid clause . 
  i got ta say , i do n't know why anyone thought expanding the role of the eu beyond a free trade and travel zone was a good idea is beyond me . 
  i mean it was n't beyond me before , i thought it made sense . 
  but no one agrees on anything !, 
  people do n't even trust germany with a military . 
  the euro has n't been so great either . 
  haha , wow , today in `` getting the last word and abandoning your dignity in the uk '', 
  lol , i was in polandball mode . 
  in ` murica , we call the `` curse of oil '' [ dutch disease ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_disease ) . 
  i love when i see zionist and nazi in the same sentence . 
  all the time from commenters on certain news sites . 
  cut and paste the bigotry . 
  oh please , i stopped commenting with your sorry ass . 
  congrats on the white knighting for your irish bro though . 
  people speak plenty of languages here , but their children will always speak english as their primary language . 
  something something aquatic tart . 
  you cared enough to let me know that you do n't care . 
  that 's touching . 
  actually i totally understand what you are saying , because i dated a very proud valencian catalan girl for five years . 
  but before that , you are right , i would not get it . 
  and i 100 % agree with what you are saying based on my experiences with me ex . 
  obviously you are aware of how fractious spain is . 
  my ex would more or less want to spit on anyone from madrid . 
  to an american this was shocking . 
  i mean yeah , i 'd make fun of someones accent from texas , but that is about it . 
  then she told me about burning spanish flags at barcelona games , that too was shocking . 
  i think a lot of people in europe are like you and my ex ( there is nothing wrong with that of course ) and it has made me question the european project from the start . 
  as for my heritage , i obviously could research to see where my family was from and what languages , etc. , but it is n't so important to me . 
  it 's much , much more important to be american . 
  all my ancestors left europe because they were starving or they were being beaten by mobs . 
  i do n't look fondly on that as my roots . 
  i look at europe for what it is now , not what it was then . 
  though maybe i 'll visit sicily one day because it is supposed to be beautiful , and it is where my maternal grandfather 's family comes from . 
  whoa , that was a mean grandma . 
  this is true , but valuing traditional culture/langauges , etc. 
  has often led to conflict . 
  it 's a double edged sword . 
  no , we really do n't have any difficulties understanding that at all . 
  in fact your statement shows you do n't understand americans . 
  i do n't have two hundred years of history , my family has been here since the late 1800s . 
  they were people from all over europe , and i 'm a mutt .
