  carnage in that shot too . 
  yeah , like my three hour late , eight hour train ride nyc to syracuse . 
  the 120mph a i saw was nyc to philly . 
  i 've been on the crappy amtrak trains , they 'll do 120-130 , but then you get stuck behind a freight train , and it does n't matter . 
  you guys believed italian promises ? 
  you so silly denmark . 
  quick , get that karma . 
  i live in nyc , so i am aware of this . 
  you 'll notice that the tallest building ( with spire ) tops out at 1775ft , one foot shorter that wtc1 . 
  and that is the point i 'm making here , we might get tons of new skyscrapers , but we are n't going to be building any higher than buildings have been in this city since 1973 . 
  it 's quite amazing how much building is going on here again , and many of those buildings will he 50 + stories . 
  they have also rezoning portions of the lower east side to get buildings of 20-30 stories . 
  that will be a big change . 
  take a look at manhattan on google earth , you notice we have a cluster of skyscrapers downtown , a valley in the middle , and then another bigger grouping of skyscrapers in midtown . 
  there are many tall apartment buildings north of that on the east and west sides of central park . 
  it 's an interesting layout , i 'm not aware of another city with two completely separate business districts of that size . 
  edit : the height that wtc set in 1974 was not drastically higher than the empire state building ; so i still maintain that the 30s was when the scale of the city was set . 
  no doubt about that . 
  london is quite sprawling ( lived there ) and there is certainly a housing shortage . 
  i think building high rises around tube stops could work quite well . 
  obviously you have to protect the character of the local area , so it is n't going work work everywhere , but there are many places it could . 
  where are the sheep pens ? 
  uh , what is wrong with ny pic ? 
  you can barely tell it 's bankrupt . 
  you do n't want americans spreading things in this sub ;-), 
  i really feel bad for people who have small wee wees who read stuff like this . 
  a place like london needs density . 
  i think they have done a good job with it . 
  the bt tower is ugly as sin and should be demolished though . 
  you 'd certainly enjoy nyc and chicago . 
  that is actually quite tasteful ( especially for an antenna ) . 
  i like it . 
  wow that is an ugly hotel . 
  wow , this is worthy of its own post . 
  stalin building some huge monument while the city lays in ruins . 
  i think cities are a product of the era that they saw their most significant growth . 
  so nyc grew up from 1910-35 ( ? 
  ) , and the building heights have mostly stayed the same . 
  the empire state building was the tallest for 40 years . 
  despite the ridiculous spire counting for height on wtc1 , the top floor is almost exactly as high as the old wtc . 
  i doubt anything taller than that will be built here for a very long time . 
  in asia , they are developing now , and the tech exists for taller buildings , so that is what they are doing . 
  i think london has done a great job of mixing old and new in my opinion . 
  could be a good example for other cities . 
  you know now all tall buildings are about biggest dicks , right ? 
  what is going on in dubai is insane , but in places like manhattan , the buildings are absolutely necessary . 
  there is no way all this stuff is going to fit here with short buildings . 
  not to mention , the views are amazing . 
  coast/rivers are good for cooling . 
  i like it . 
  is that beirut ? 
  did n't you hear ? 
  he passed in a tragic auto accident . 
  peace be with you , comrade . 
  it gets about 5.5 miles per liter . 
  but it is just a toy , and gets driven 40km a week tops , and sometimes it sits for a couple weeks . 
  during the winter it does not get driven at all . 
  so i really do n't end up spending much on gas . 
  it is a fun car , loud ( magnaflow exhaust ) , and should i choose too , i can paint the streets with tire strips at all times . 
  it would be suicide to drive it in the winter , and just dumb to drive it every day . 
  prior to that was only reindeer , right ? 
  my new ford suv is has 1.6 l turbo , actually moves quite well . 
  the us has been moving to smaller turbo engines . 
  of course you can still get sports cars with massive engines that still get good mileage if you drive slow ... for the record , i have a '71 buick with a 7.5 l as a toy :-), 
  my friend was just in detroit on business , and took some insane pics . 
  crumbling 20 story buildings everywhere , nuts . 
  but right outside the city limits , a house in a nice suburb is going to cost you at least $ 800k . 
  sure , that was n't my point though . 
  fella above was saying that these muslims riot to seek a sense of belonging in a society they do n't belong to . 
  the christian extremists are doing it out of religious motivation . 
  uh the religious extremist who blew up abortion clinics were just religious extremists . 
  they do n't have any other issues like trying to `` belong . '', 
  they were n't trying got show how christian they were , they were trying to blow up an abortion clinic . 
  i detest florida , it 's really the worst place . 
  but our white trash is of british stock , they invented the species . 
  i 've lived in the uk , i 've seen things , they taught us how to be trashy . 
  i think this comment shows a difference in american and ( some ) european thought . 
  all those muslims in michigan are americans . 
  maybe some towns by the border have a lot of illegal aliens , but i think you are trying to say there is a hispanic majority . 
  but if they are citizens they are american . 
  i live in nyc , there are tons of foreign born people , but most are americans . 
  sorry to hear that people 's attitudes have not changed . 
   the us has entire cities with non-american majorities what the heck are you talking about ? 
  no , that is / r/unitedkingdom . 
  thanks for all those smart , russian jews !, 
  they are doing quite well here , i work with one . 
  they did n't just collaborate , they murdered so many serbs that hitler was mortified . 
  i take it that this joke must be told by a scot ? 
  you need at least two sets of jokes for them . 
  not so much anymore , i have n't heard a polish joke for well over a decade . 
  when i was a kid , it was all the time . 
  that would be quite the constitutional process , would n't it . 
  oh , was n't it that cute bird ? 
  is it really , really , a thing ? 
  i do n't know . 
  just seen plenty of jokes about it by nz/aus redditors , and they are definitely not fans of charles . 
  i could n't tell you how bad he is or not in their eyes . 
   the germans do n't complain about being bombed in ww2 ... oh yeah ? 
  start a `` dresden was a-ok '' thread . 
  it was a blue flag ( color of sweden ) with two arab men passionately kissing , and it said `` tolerance '' in over 20 languages in small print on the bottom .
