  sorry , i ca n't hear you over our net-neutrality . 
  50k is what most people coming out of college to a white collar job will make in their second year . 
  that 's a myth , i fap raw all the time and i 'm cut . 
  given the option , of course i 'm going to use lube . 
  is a vagina not lubricated ? 
  that is the same as most places in the us . 
  get a ticket and dump your beer . 
  they do n't tip in ireland , and all the servers smile and are nice ... 
  they did n't ask how i was every 5 minutes , but i had no complaints about the service . 
  even if he went out of network , he would likely have a cap . 
  i got a bad elbow injury and went to the best doc on earth for it ( out of network ) . 
  my fees were capped at 3k . 
  could have went to a very good person on my plan for 40 beans total for surgery . 
  but my arm is kind of important . 
  hudson valley represent !!, 
  you german ? 
  i mean german-american ? 
  all my friend 's wives ( and my sil ) work in finance and make well into 6 figures . 
  they have all taken a minimum of 12 weeks off for each kid and still have a job . 
  maybe people with lower incomes get treated shittier , i do n't know . 
  you know lupinechemist grew up in murica , right ? 
  i just paid $ 2.79 for a gallon of super . 
  a buck , not a euro ? 
  i should have used / s. 
  there is nothing to make fun of . 
  of course . 
  i 'm saying free money helps , and germany did n't do it 100 % alone . 
  that 's why i put the `` lol '' in there . 
  where is he from ? 
  i 'll give you something to make fun of him for . 
  i 'm sure that is the case , since every american that has ever gone to prague loves it . 
  you mean you are american ? 
  will they be nice to me ? 
  man , that 's like choosing lunch between dog poop and goat shit . 
  columbian women . 
  yum, 
  you must be tyrolian . 
  i do n't think he meant literally . 
  do n't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya . 
  on that blogpost germans complained about being abused as foreigners in austria . 
  that 's iike me yelling at a canadian . 
  incomprehensible . 
  that is n't nice , but the refuge that the austrians gave german jews makes up for it . 
  lol, 
  could you imagine them trying that in nyc ? 
  did i say that ? 
  you still have to work . 
  it 's a condition for refugees to come here . 
  please , you cunts rank very high on friendliness and happiness . 
  the brits have full fleshed panic attacks if it hits 0c . 
  if it snows , forget it , overstatement everywhere . 
  this is actually the difference between male and female communication . 
  many studies show men want solutions , while women want go `` vent . '', 
  spain is bad at marketing as well . 
  btw , best portuguese food in the us is in newark , nj . 
  did n't know that until i dated a portuguese girl . 
  they ca n't even market here !, 
  best of luck . 
  and the us midwest is a nice place ( i 've heard ) because of them . 
  swedes too . 
  thx guis !, 
  west germany got money from the marshall plan , east germany did not . 
  there was a difference . 
  the us as well . 
  jew here , 100 % agree . 
   it 's shit like this that makes me wonder what the fuck happened to my continent for it to be full of pussies . 
  they suffer from a unique blend of guilt and arrogance . 
  obviously a massive brigade by stormfronters making racist comments . 
  enlightened europeans would never behave like this . 
  but the us is not in a supranational political union . 
  we eat the heart while it is still beating . 
  also , we ca n't get aids . 
  i want to be a european . 
  i know some russian jews that moved here and have family in israel , but most of us have been here since 1890-1920 , and do n't have relatives there . 
  very religious people do immigrate there , i just do n't know any of them . 
  you have to eat a christian baby raw . 
  cold, 
  the more educated women are , the less kids they have . 
  we are having none . 
  i run the planet , amaa . 
  we do n't always help each other , but education is always important . 
  source : jewish lawyer, 
  jews fleeing europe is the canary in the coal mine to me . 
  it tells of horrible things to come if it becomes a widespread thing . 
  the german government does not ever consider how others perceive their actions . 
  if you disagree with them you are wrong , and that is that . 
  i think they are still atoning . 
  the more that china acts up , the less we will care about europe . 
  germany bought europe fair and square . 
  dutch and danes ( govs anyway ) are very pro-american . 
  they have their own currency , a global seat of business and are english speaking . 
  that poll must make you feel warm and fuzzy . 
  do you commonly hear about pepper spray being abused where it 's legal ? 
  he 'd be better off sending bribes of aged gouda . 
  then move to uk before brexit . 
  it 's true , the uk was powerless and meaningless before joining the eu . 
  that 's bad for your health . 
  space law ? 
  but we are n't spying on each others govs. 
  they need to make sure that you intend to pay debnts .
