  these greens are not the brightest people . 
  why is she still fm ? 
  she is a complete embarrassment . 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  that being said , i would rent mascha . 
  apparently these emissions agencies never fined anyone . 
  the germans were mean to you in wwi too ? 
  not that i 'm necessarily their biggest fan , but we do have / r/murica for shitposting . 
  you guys need to step up the shitposting !, 
  bruh , / r/sweden has less subscribers than / r/unitedkingdom , their country has a fraction the population , and they hit the front page all the time . 
  you guys are under-performing in memes like in soccer . 
  trump is going to grab it . 
  the fact that you would even consider supporting germany is evidence that they have broken your spirit . 
  i have a sad now . 
  hey !, 
  you be nice to denmark , goddamit, 
  yeah , i 've read that bit , but the author did n't really go into that . 
  and of course , its not always true , i have friends that i 've known since i was 5 . 
  very typical for people who grew up in the nyc area . 
  i do n't recall him saying anything about shallow friendships . 
  where ? 
  not boston or philly . 
  maybe dc , since no one is actually from there . 
  fake news , fake memes ... what is this world coming to . 
  that is true , i was thinking of rush hour . 
  it 's not like this on the east coast here . 
  in nyc , we do n't talk on the subway much , just like the tube . 
  my commuter train is quieter than a library , it 's heaven . 
  some kids were blabbing on it this morning , and they got shushed the eff up . 
  same happened to me all over ireland . 
  :-d and then everyone knew the tiny town i was from and everything , it was amazing . 
  we do n't have room to do that in nyc . 
  only people wealthy enough to pay smugglers could go . 
  it was a terrible way to actually help people . 
  this is n't about consumers , the govs themselves had no penalties for cheating . 
  insane . 
  the entire idea of using diesel as a method to reduce co2 was one of the most insanely stupid things i 've ever heard , and people in paris , milan , etc. 
  suffer for it every day . 
  got ta love that nox, 
  he 's not canadian . 
  flair checks out, 
  / r/garlicbreadmemes, 
  so , t_d has been telling the truth about sweden this whole time ? 
  how is she still fm ??? 
  the bit where she criticized israelis for shooting knife attackers . 
  i remember the bit with your foreign minister . 
  as a person with a jewish background , all this stuff is quite disturbing ... 
  absolutely disgraceful . 
  obama sent someone to malmo ? 
  it is/was that bad ?? 
  ugh , really sad . 
  no cuddling at all ? 
  i do n't see any good reason to let the government restrict free speech at anytime in the future . 
  why would i want to grant them that power ? 
  i 'm very happy that i 'll never be arrested for `` offensive '' reddit comments . 
  yes , parliament can overrule them . 
  not the american constitution , it says what the government can not do . 
  not infringe on free speech , etc. 
  we have negative rights here . 
  not a ridiculous statement or anything , but i would not be happy without codified rights . 
  that 's exactly the point , it should n't be easy to overrule a co-equal branch of government . 
  it 's not easy , and it 's not supposed to be easy . 
  granted , the first three words of the constitution are `` we the people , '' and the `` people '' do/did give the document authority , but it 's not very relevant to the interpretation of laws , which is what the discussion was about . 
  if anything , our constitution and bill of rights imposes limitations on legislative power that can be abused by the majority against the minority . 
  in common law , the text is most important , and if it is still unclear , only then can you go into intentions . 
  some states in the us have elected judges , i do n't think it works any better than appointed . 
  scotus rulings can be overridden by constitutional amendment , so there is some recourse . 
  in our system , the source of law is not the people , it is the constitution . 
  your argument makes more sense in the uk , which has no written constitution . 
  there is still statutory law in common law jurisdictions , i.e. 
  still tons of laws on the books , and the legislature can overrule common law rulings . 
  edit : in the uk , parliament can overrule any ruling , while in the us , a constitutional amendment may be required . 
  as far as your second question ( which really is a great question ) , they would look to old cases in england . 
  still happen here when there is some arcane topic that has come up for the first time . 
  you mean uk, 
  and kolsch and gose, 
  try a duvel or any trappist tripel . 
  i got those brews at a special event at a bar near my house . 
  if you do n't want to profit , you can also trade with people . 
  trade some cantillon for some heady topper . 
  yum . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are websites where you can sell that . 
  i paid $ 40 for both of these :-( https://imgur.com/jxcxkzq, 
  beamish . 
  look what else i had https://imgur.com/jxcxkzq, 
  yes !, 
  germans blindly following rules ? 
  they sell radeberger here . 
  the real question is why you sell petrol in liters , and measure efficiency by mpg, 
  look for the petrus aged pale ale , outstanding . 
  look what i had a few weeks ago :-d https://imgur.com/jxcxkzq, 
  that 's an impossible question . 
  really depends what styles you like . 
  bruh , la trappe is dutch . 
  hell yeah , especially to the delerium and draak . 
  rodenbach is quite popular here , in fact , they just released alexander for the first time in 25 years because of demand from the american market . 
  for a reasonably priced beer , their flanders red is outstanding . 
  people go nuts for belgian beers here , at the bar near my house people lined up for hours to get tickets for the right to buy cantillon and a few others . 
  and more and more american breweries are doing belgian style sours , it 's the big thing now . 
  in a few years i 'll be doing a wwi and beer trip to your country .
