  i wo n't stalk you , i promise !, 
  sidney ponson their pitcher ? 
  dude was a mess . 
  one game from the world series !, 
  get on the bandwagon !, 
  man , why would you uncle do that for someone 's first game ? 
  i love baseball , and going to the games , but a doubleheader is like 8 hours . 
  who needs sports when you are enlightened by euphoria ? 
  i 'm not sure if we have the same announcers you do , but all the english soccer i 've seen has some english guy screaming and getting all excited whenever the ball is the near the goal . 
  i 'm scared he is going to have a cardiac event . 
  that is the catcher , he stops the ball from hitting the wall . 
  he also throws out runners trying to steal basses . 
  very important !, 
  he can , the batter just has to get out of the way . 
  how about cespedes ? 
  ma boy !, 
  these rules make no sense to native speakers either . 
  we just follow them . 
  at least we do n't going around wasting time with an extra `` u '' in every word like those barbaric english . 
  that 's a strange word for us too , it 's latin . 
  there is another way to pronounce it ? 
  that is correct . 
  so potatoes is only a latvian thing , no tall the baltics ? 
  lithuania can not into potato ? 
  oh cool , you did camping trips ? 
  which park ? 
  you know that phoenix , arizona has a hockey team , right ? 
  they are n't playing on ponds . 
  floor hockey at school was seriously fun . 
  with they had it for adults . 
  both sides were drunken animals ( actually , compared to euro soccer fans , they are quite civilized ) . 
  yeah , i do n't think too many people would take a cab to or from a game . 
  most people who do n't want to drive would set up a car service beforehand . 
  we are getting on from my wife 's office . 
  getting the luxury box too , free food a drinks !, 
  whole day is free . 
  going to meet my brother and his friends to tailgait first . 
  giants really shit the bed on monday , so i 'm not setting my sights to high . 
  nice !, 
  what sport did you play at camp ? 
  i think you mean san francisco giants , la are the dodgers . 
  how was the game ? 
  no , the athletic part is when the play starts . 
  i 'm just saying in other sports ( even baseball ) it is n't nearly as complicated . 
  wait , so both sides can score when pitching or hitting ? 
  if i hit a wicket with the ball i score ? 
  how does the hitter score ? 
  the ref does n't say go , the team with possession of the ball starts the play within 40 seconds of the prior play ending . 
  it gets really complicated to explain it more than that . 
  you are now a mod at / r/murica . 
  i went to a jets/miami game in miami , fist fights the whole time !, 
  luckily i was in the luxury box , and not with the common rabble . 
  ;-) when 80,000 people go to a game , there is going to be traffic . 
  the 49 ` ers have a new stadium now , so things may have improved . 
  a lot of it is betting . 
  it 's the difference between marathon runners and sprinters . 
  you should see the playbooks , these guys have to memorize hundreds of plays , and then they switch it up when they see the other team 's play before the ball is touched . 
  yeah , it 's a good time . 
  at giants games people really go all out with the food , lamb chops , cheeses , wine , scotch . 
  everyone has a great time . 
  then there are the jets games , at the very same stadium . 
  bunch of animals drinking miller lite and fighting !, 
  animals !, 
  i like going to nfl games and all ( going to giants/cowboys next sunday ) , but it really is better to watch on tv . 
  the most fun aspect of going is tailgaiting with good food and beer in the parking lot . 
  kind of the opposite of hockey , which is amazing to see live . 
  itt : `` the nye mets are my favorite squadron '', 
  yeah , but i was pronouncing the stuff sooo badly . 
  he had been to belgium for some course , he knew what he was doing . 
  i think the american craft beer seen is amazing . 
  we have every single style , that is what 's great about it . 
  it 's not just ipas . 
  one of my favorite breweries is allagash , who brought belgian styles to the us http://www.allagash.com/about/ . 
  i 'll be having their tripel tonight while i watch the met game ( baseball ) . 
  i also love the crazy hopped ipas , some of which are above 10 % abv . 
  we 've also been having a lot of german styles here , gose , berlinner weisse and kolsch to name a few . 
  there are breweries everywhere , i 'm going to one saturday to pregame for my wife 's bday party , and i 'm bringing a keg with me to the party . 
  even crappy old man bars now have local breweries with good beer , and i 've seen lots of older people ( like 60s and 70s ) really getting into it . 
  anyway , i obviously think our scene is great , but i still love my belgian/english/german beers . 
  the good thing about our scene is that i can get obscure styles from a local brewery , i 'd never be able to find imported . 
  i thought ireland had a pretty good craft beer scene too . 
  the only thing i was a little dissapointed in was that they did n't use cascade style floral aroma hops , so you never got that piney/citrus kick that 's in an american ipa . 
  they put lots of german/czech/english bittering hops , and it was almost metallic on the hoppiest ones . 
  i personally do n't think it makes sense to make something insanely bitter without a floral aroma . 
  i 'm also guessing that those hops are very hard to get in europe . 
  my real fear is that governments will not reflect the feelings of the people , and the people will become frustrated , and ever more extreme . 
  as long as that does not happen , i think europe will be fine for the most part . 
  for now i am just watching and waiting . 
  i 'm old , so that 's not me . 
  i got into beer through a bartender in the bronx who insisted on giving me an education on belgian beers , and basically would n't give me a beer until i pronounced it right . 
  had a duvel green , i could n't believe how good it was . 
  also had weihenstephaner that first day as well . 
  so i was about 33 when i started drinking only good beer . 
  i only drank belgians for about 2 years , but i ended up loving ipas and stouts as well . 
  really enjoyed the guinness brewery this summer , that was great . 
  in the not too distant future ( probably 2 years ) i want to do a wwi and beer trip to belgium . 
  btw , in the 90 's when i was a exchange student in london , i thought i was so cultured because i drank kronenbourg and stella . 
  well , that 's true , rochefort is quite expensive here , but duvel and delierium are reasonable , chimay is in the middle . 
  i 'm happy to pay a extra for good beer , especially because it is usually so much stronger than a crap lager . 
  give me good beer , or no beer !,
