  very smooth . 
  # 1 worldwide in powerbottom skills . 
  tied for first with germany , not that anyone else is competing . 
  however , i 'm sure many swedes think this list is bullshit because racist , xenophobic , fascist denmark is 2nd . 
  i suppose it 's not a huge political point , but i think it 's disgraceful that mass killings genocide went on under the watch of europe only 50 years after wwii ended . 
  edrogan should have brought it up !, 
  i 'm assuming that tito taught everyone that foreigners want to make yugos kill each other . 
  well , there is the seal clubbing . 
  what was the german role ? 
  we were definitely on the side of bosniaks/croats/kosovars , but it was n't like the place was n't a powder keg already . 
  you 're right , the balkans were a land of peace and neighborly love before we got there . 
  the us attacked serbia , so i can understand it more . 
  we helped bosniaks and they now live here , that i do n't get . 
  thanks for your comment at the end , i was n't pessimistic enough !, 
  i found it pretty surprising . 
  these are people who were kicked out of germany as refugees , and are very grateful to be here , and are hardworking americans . 
  i do understand that it 's very painful to accept that your neighbors murdered your family out of hate , easier to accept blaming it on outside forces . 
  reddit also `` hates '' france , the uk and the us . 
  that 's what happens when you are a major power . 
  might as well get used to it . 
  i 'm surprised the monarchy survived after leopold . 
  yes , but you founded the greatest city on earth upon the basis of tolerance and commerce , so we can forget and forgive anything else . 
  holy shit . 
  these newspapers operate on the level of youtbue comments . 
  unfortunately i 've heard from bosnians ( who are now american citizens ) that the us instigated the yugo wars in order to privatize state owned services . 
  apparently the resurgence of nationalism was caused by agitation propagated by us/western euro powers . 
  they claimed if it was n't for that , everyone would have been happy like tito was still alive . 
  you do n't get to tell me what kind of clown i am !, 
  just like trader joes . 
  there are aldi stores and trader joes stores here ... 
  the french get you addicted with all that nicotine in their blood . 
  right , the whole de-germanization of the country that happened before 1920 was because of nazis . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-german_sentiment#united_states i 'm saying that like many of the immigrants who came here in the 19th century , germans spoke their own language , and lived among themselves . 
  after wwi , they discarded their identity more than other groups , and wwii probably moved that even further along . 
  this is probably why they are the `` most '' assimilated , and you do n't really see them having any kind of identity here like irish/italian-americans today . 
  no , they did not try to change things here , but they were n't huge assimilators either . 
  wow , i had no idea about that , i thought it was some californian company . 
  i love trader joes . 
  i see this in balkan folks over here too , they became americans very , very quickly . 
  i think it 's great . 
  there were plenty of german speaking places here , and they were not that big on assimilation . 
  then wwi happened , and it was n't cool to be german anymore . 
  flight 666 !, 
  there are aldis and i think lidl in upstate ny where my inlaws are . 
  from what i understand , they have a more limited selection than your standard supermarket , but very good prices . 
  we have lots of variety in our grocery stores . 
  my gf got a scholarship and moved to the us for a year , but once that was up , she had to go . 
  the 3 or 4 people in the movie shorted , the entire rest of the country went long . 
  i was talking about the strippers who had 5 houses , not the short guys . 
  it was a big factor . 
  watch the big short . 
  so shit you dug up cromwell and decapitated his carcass . 
  that was overkill , no ? 
  not as long as demand outstrips supply , and it sounds like that is not an issue . 
  i believe you have become very sensitive on this topic because contintals say you have shit wood houses . 
  we are on the same team , do n't worry . 
  i choose to believe that he is engaging in performance art , no one can possibly be this smug and pedantic irl . 
  very interesting . 
  that kind of density is a good thing . 
  of course , but i highly doubt the complexity of the construction is an issue . 
  getting the proper approvals could be an issue i suppose . 
  so let me get this straight , swedish housing regulations are so strict that it 's causing a housing shortage ? 
  and this is only for low rise apartments and single/multi family houses ? 
  that is completely insane to me . 
  i 'm not saying you have to build high rises in historic city centers , or that they have to be 100 stories tall . 
  but 20 story buildings around transportation centers away from the city center should not be such an issue . 
  with the good public transportation in most european cities , high rises would work very well . 
  another example of this would be in dublin , where there are no tall buildings , a housing shortage , and somehow lots of abandoned properties . 
  no offense to dublin , but a lot of the outskirts looks pretty damn boring , they are n't preserving anything . 
  that just means the houses will be more expensive , it is n't rocket science to build them . 
  can they build high rise residential buildings in stockholm/malmo ? 
  i had my euro long distance relationship at my semester abroad killed by immigration rules . 
  i need / u/stuntout to live what could have been for me . 
  [ cries hysterically ], 
  i understand that , it 's still nothing to be happy about . 
  of course , i might be engaging in cultural imperialism with my belief in free speech ... 
  where did i blame america ? 
  i understand they are being forced to do it , it still sucks . 
  they censor stuff for china , etc. 
  as well . 
  of course they do n't want to do it , and of course they do n't want to lose billions of dollars more . 
  they do n't have a choice , it still sucks though . 
  d'aww . 
  a lot easier to pursue that relationship with freedom of movement . 
  your english is fine . 
  that 's the point . 
  i 'm so proud of these american tech companies . 
  what a joke . 
  finally europe is safe . 
  i ca n't find it now , but a recent amusing bit was from a romanian fella that said western euros clutch their manpurses tight when they figure out he is romanian . 
  different sources i guess . 
  i 'm not saying a metro area is a city , i 'm just saying nyc , london , mexico city , etc. , has more people than the nation of sweden . 
  build a wall . 
  the poles are good , but i think romanians bring the most amusing bantz . 
  not nice bruh . 
  yes , you have the right of return . 
  that 's not really true , the immigrant ls are the hardest working people here , but they are off the books . 
  nyc metro area is 24m . 
  2.5 sweden almost !, 
  london metro is 13m .
