  yeah probably . 
  but i spent 2 weeks there this summer , and it was truly amazing . 
  i 'd also put denmark high on the list , even though i 've never been . 
  you guys do your own thing , i like it . 
  i guess i missed that . 
  a free til for you !, 
  ireland should be higher . 
  y' all dun goofed . 
  there were folks in texas and arizona protecting themselves from cartel drug runners , . 
  but i do n't know if shots were ever fired . 
  that 's the most i 've ever heard on the topic . 
  obviously border patrol will fire back if fired upon . 
  apache burgers , best burgers, 
  think of the poor royal families that will lose their money . 
  no one eats that shit , you hand it out for free to children on halloween . 
  i lived in london in the late 90s , the food was atrocious . 
  that being said , i hear it has changed a lot . 
  china is threatening our hegemony over the pacific , and the rest of the pacific nations are unhappy with that . 
  there are a lot of countries ( japan/philipines/viet nam/thailand ) that want to ensure we stay in control . 
  why would we not counter china in this ? 
  this is more important to us than russia . 
  we might shoot each other , but shooting immigrants is not a thing . 
  actually i think france should offer asylum to brits escaping the oppression of garbage food . 
  not showing much eu solidarity with your own currency and all . 
  tsk tsk, 
  that was the bbc title . 
  which is why it is being investigated . 
  the comment i was responding to did not have that detail . 
  a french redditor explained that violence and pornography is only illegal if it is posted where a minor can see . 
  the content itself is not illegal . 
  the news here does not show any of these beheading videos , but not because it is illegal , because it would offend many viewers . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  i 'm an idiot , i thought you were replying to executivemonkey , who was trolling someone about bbq . 
  my bad . 
  thanks , that makes sense . 
  same thing happens to me with dutch , it 's scrambled english . 
  dutch is like that for american english . 
  whenever there are dutch tourists on the subway , my brain gets all puzzled because people are speaking english that i can not understand . 
  it 's the same tone , cadence and sounds , just scrambled . 
   the sykes-picot agreement was concluded 31 years before the cia was formed that was the joke ... 
  a town of 150 with tall buildings ? 
  interesting . 
  the cia was behind that . 
  wow , i never got to participate in a school sponsored mock riot . 
  jelly . 
  what ?? 
  was this supposed to stop isis propaganda videos or something ? 
  denmark imports hydro power electricity from sweden and norway , which makes charging tesla 's much better than diesel . 
  nukes and hydro account for almost 50 % of norway 's power production , why would they do this ? 
   prosecutors in the paris suburb of nanterre say they are investigating ms le pen for sharing violent images . 
  sharing violent images is illegal in france ? 
   `` the turks '' , he said , had `` decided to lick the americans in a certain place '' . 
  kind of , yeah . 
  true , though i would hope at least some lists were searched . 
  in places like nyc , it 's a part of your identity , but it does n't mean you have anything in common with the folks who still live wherever your ancestors came from . 
  ones who have moved here from ireland within the past couple of years maybe ? 
  that would be about it . 
  i understand that , but no one is stopping them from asking questions . 
  yes , but the officer has the right to question me on anything he wants at that point . 
  this summer i was questioned when i arrived in ireland , is n't that normal ? 
  are there places you just show your passport and walk through ? 
  like how they stopped taxi drivers from beating the shit out of uber drivers ? 
  no i do n't . 
  why has the us and uk already exceeded 2007 ? 
  and that growth has not been premised on real estate speculation , or on commodity investments . 
  unemployment is down in the us and uk as well . 
  qe worked , and trust me , i was very much against it , and did n't want to admit it . 
  but it worked . 
  probably the most important line in the piece :  adjusting for inflation , the gross domestic product of the 19 countries now sharing europe 's common currency , the euro , was less in 2014 than it was in 2007 . 
  i do n't believe there is a single country in central/south america or the caribbean that is classified as being dangerous or in a war . 
  cubans have their own exemption and are allowed to stay . 
  these people are of course able to claim asylum , and if they are persecuted individually , they will be able to stay here . 
  but the vast majority are found to be economic migrants , and are sent back . 
  they are housed in detention centers , sometimes for years . 
  not that fun for them . 
  we 've had multiple instances of thousands upon thousands of people trying to get here . 
  most recently was children from central america . 
  there was also the hatians , and of course mexicans . 
  none of these people are fleeing war , they are not refugees . 
  we round them up and deport them . 
  it 's not really comparable . 
  that being said , there were drug runners going into texas and arizona , and local militias patrolled with guns . 
   not to many here : i get the `` no but where are you born/parents from ? '', 
  ha , when i studied in london , the students from the continent could not comprehend that brown people born in the us were american . 
  they asked a million awkward questions . 
  i 'm sure that gets old quick . 
  ok , now this makes sense . 
  if you carried around bagpipes , people would be a lot less confused . 
  i 'm sure you brought your set of pipes with you . 
  if you can subdue a scottish accent , you should be hired as an agent by mi6 . 
  that is some linguistic talent . 
  why the shock ? 
  because you speak swedish ? 
   in the us , poor people statistically have far more kids than richer people . 
  that is exactly it . 
  people who go to college and graduate school are generally going to be earning more money . 
  they also finish with school much later and need to get their career going , while possibly not making much money . 
  student debt is n't the whole problem , but it is def a factor . 
  i do n't pretend to understand low birth rates in europe ; the comment i replied to mentioned religion in the us , so i mentioned student debt . 
   if population decreases , who will pay for the debt created by the previous generation the federal reserve , bank of japan and bank of england .
