  that 's what the navy seals were called in wwii . 
  they like americans more than english speaking canadians . 
  most are poor brown people who work their asses off . 
  jfk did n't listen to the pope , and look what happened . 
  my brownish friends do n't even have to use sunscreen . 
  my pale ass needs spf 45 . 
  are you honestly saying i have the same way of life as them ? 
  ridiculous . 
  i should get a sunscreen tax credit . 
  i keep seeing this reply , it 's completely ridiculous . 
  the entire planet besides germany thought she said `` everyone welcome . '', 
  it does n't matter if you believe the rest of the world is morons , you still correct it . 
  or do you act stubborn and take in 14 million refugees because you are too proud to admit it was n't communicated well ? 
  vw got emissions right , and the rest of the world is wrong , i 'm hearing that a lot too . 
  but the entire planet thinks she did . 
  maybe she should have explained it again . 
  we 've cleaned up fifa and vw . 
  what do you need done now ? 
  yeah , calling a black guy african american is pc . 
  defending people who murder because cartoons is insane . 
  at least call it western european culture , it 's not the story over here . 
  we actually think we are better than barbarians without getting all relativistic about it . 
  there is being pc , and there is being insane . 
  and you should see him on a tuesday night . 
  he 's got a pretty bad drinking problem , you can admit it . 
  that is pretty shocking to me . 
  i always think of the former soviet bloc countries as more immune to this stuff than western europe . 
  and the people cheering on the islamists are probably are for women/lgbt rights as well . 
  the cognitive dissonance must be earth shattering . 
  and if you do n't support their right to kill people that offend them , you are racist . 
   this is how screwed-up the culture on western campuses has become : i was jeered for suggesting we should n't ban pop songs ; bukhari was cheered for suggesting journalists who mock muhammad can not be surprised if someone later blows their heads off . 
  you think it will ? 
  we left iraq when told to . 
  others should be as brave . 
   decades centuries . 
  that is nice that the college dorm that my parents paid a lot of money to put me in . 
  we do n't have a say , does n't mean we do n't have an opinion . 
  bullshit , you know damn well that he was out at the strip club until daylight again . 
  stop being such an apologist . 
  the hits keep on coming . 
  sigur\u00f0ur is always calling in sick , complete slacker . 
  wow , that fella is a loon . 
  what 's fud ? 
  i do n't read any german at all , but from some of the pictures i 've seen in your media , some people look sad . 
  i know for a fact it 's because they hate themselves , because they might disagree with me , and only self hating people would disagree with me . 
  or something . 
  you honestly ca n't understand why germans might not want to criticize israel ? 
  it does n't mean that they are sick and self hating . 
  uk is dead weight for you , not for us . 
  context is helpful . 
  thanks . 
  well put . 
  greeks do n't like anyone . 
  no , we love dogs . 
  of course we are , i 'm saying let 's ditch the dead weight . 
  i do n't know , compared to what people claim is going on over there with watching what you have to say , i do n't think we are at that level . 
  eh , it would be considered pretty crazy to call your neighbor racist for something little . 
  but some people would say it to complete strangers i guess . 
  wtf, 
  other germans called her a nazi ? 
  ee can ditch the eu also , and be pals with us and uk . 
  it does n't matter who it is . 
  you ate getting mad at something from 70 years ago ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  sounded / r/ledootgeneration to me . 
  i 've been to the stanford campus , it 's amazing . 
  lol , i meant for a semester or a year . 
  i did a semester in london , great time . 
  you better come study here . 
  infinitely sustainable . 
  ah , they probably only carry wonderbread or crap like that over there . 
  we have lots of bakeries , you can get good bread . 
  a lot of mass produced stuff in grocery stores is n't so great , just go to the bakery section . 
  there is no way that jews in the us will be able to `` give up '' their whiteness . 
  if you are hasidic and wear only black coats and hats and have the hair curls and all that , you have already separated yourself from the mainstream . 
  if you are 100 % assimilated like me , you are white . 
  there are worse things . 
  i would n't be an expert on that , but lot of `` german '' folks in pa , and they love their pretzels and all that . 
  where are you now ? 
  you eating regular old white bread or something ? 
  nope . 
  looks like you should go to philly , seems like they have a whole bunch . 
  here are two . 
  http://www.weinrichsbakery.com/ http://www.haegelesbakery.com/, 
  the idea is there , we 'll see what happens in the face of the current challenges . 
  interesting . 
  i guess i was only familiar with gender in latin languages , which seem to have an arbitrary system . 
  watch out , such diatribes against the glorious french language can result in a banning ... 
   eric idle has described the conception of the specials as `` the germans came to us and said ` look , we have n't got a sense of humour , but we understand you do . 
  can we use yours ? ', 
  it also does n't mean a bunch of small , fractious countries can get along well enough to do something about it . 
  very interesting !, 
  if a native speaker was to confuse genders , would that convey a bad impression ? 
   prosecution in germany is actually none of the business of the us . 
  we dont prosecute for political reasons . 
  why do you think it would be political ? 
  engaging in a complex scheme to damage the environment is not a crime ? 
  it 's politics ? 
  can you explain a little bit ? 
  that was the point i was trying to make , when you are using your native language , you literally do n't even think about this stuff .
