  trust me , i 'm not complacent , but i 'm not in full fledged panic , watchvthe news 24/7 mode . 
  i was really , really having severe anxiety about everything . 
  putin has more than 40 points on trump . 
  it 's also calling because we ha e a fundamentally different outlook , and different goals . 
  it 's natural , and probably healthy . 
  i 'm starting to be less scared , trump keeps reversing himself , and the nationalists are losing influence . 
  it 's still a horrible time , but we are strong enough to survive , i hope . 
  i do n't disagree with any of this , though i will say that trump is reversing him self every day , and the nationalist wing of his loses influence every day . 
  great point t about the conflicts of interest . 
  that needs to be taken much more seriously . 
  yeah , i 'm not going to sit here and argue about this poll . 
  i do n't blame the germans at all . 
  i 'm sure they find trump especially reprehensible . 
  i detest trump , but if you are going to not consider people your countryman , your no better than a hardcore trumpist who would say the same about a liberal . 
  jesus christobal , calm the fuck down . 
  tbe civil war is not something to repeat . 
  just want to nitpick one point . 
  it was not unconstitutional for the republicans to not move forward with voting on merrick garland . 
  it was a terrible thing , but not unconstitutional . 
  if it was , obama would have commenced legal proceedings to force it . 
  he could n't . 
  in terms of plain english , it 's wrong . 
  half the people is different from half the electorate , or half of people that voted . 
  that 's all people are trying to say . 
  trump did not get 165m votes . 
  reddit is reality . 
  that 's awesome, 
  i 'm just going to sit back and watch the serbian downvotes pour in . 
  they 'll just buy more shit from china . 
  wanting secure external al borders does not make you a xenophobe !!!!, 
  i personally do n't see how europe survives without it . 
  self-preservation is not a shameful instinct !, 
  you might enjoy pennsylvania, 
  ahh , that 's why so many germans bitch about tesla . 
  mmmmmm, 
  you mean beer , travels much better than waffles . 
  they have all your money because no one else would have accepted gold teeth . 
  it 's not for their customer service, 
  the mexicans put a supra sticker on a corolla with a fake hood scoop . 
  uh , as a person who has lived in the uk , has been to ireland a few times , and interacts with plenty of irish in nyc , i 'm going to have to disagree . 
  it 's not that the english are bad people , but they are a bit cold . 
  i always find the irish to be happy to have a chat with complete strangers , in my book , that 's pretty damn friendly . 
  i did meet an huge asshole in a pub in galway . 
  he was english : - /, 
  liz is very good , ca n't really dispute that . 
  you may end up feeling different about charles . 
  you made a lot of assumptions from a sarcastic comment . 
  interesting , i 'll have to look into that . 
  was argentina really our ally then ? 
  i do n't believe we had troops there or were in a military organization with them , but i could be wrong . 
  thank you !, 
  could not remember the title . 
  it 's nearly impossible to defend yourself against a surprise knife attack in close quarters . 
  that 's the irony of it , is n't it ? 
  in some places , there is almost no complaint . 
  in others , there is a lot . 
  you ca n't deny there are some countries in europe that have a strong sense of cultural superiority , and it is not on about americans . 
  has there been a war between us allies since wwii ? 
  there was so much economic integration before ww1 , that was was unthinkable . 
  the fact that your country is quite healthy in the face of that drinking and fried food is a testament to the nhs, 
  flair does not check out with username . 
  i think you might be confusing countries again ... 
  yeah , i was a bit vague . 
  i was all over the thread of that post about the bill . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  though i admit it was great to be able to piss in the sink in my dorm room . 
  lol , that 's fucking great !, 
  is the broadcast always just the chess board , or should it be a live video ? 
  that 's my secret , i 'm always drinking . 
  but not as serious as good friday . 
  at least i 'll have a good retort for the next german that says i live in a theocracy . 
  hello fellow north american . 
  i know you guys flip your shit over hockey , and we have college kids act up occasionally , but never insane violence at the actual event . 
  meh , i find all the political/fascist shit at some of these soccer events to be a major turn off . 
  jesus , you fuckers were drinking enough back then !!!, 
  i remember the nightly rumbles at 11:01 , and the cops spraying mace all over . 
  fun . 
  yes , hes very forward thinking . 
  idiocracy is set in the year 2500 , and trump has pulled it off now !!, 
  then were do you hide your daughter after you impregnate her ? 
  oh , wrong country , ma bad . 
  dude , the brits have the washing machine in the kitchen , and the water heater that holds 3 gallons of warm water in the shower . 
  did you read about unbaptized children not being allowed to go to publicly funded schools in ireland ? 
  things are different there , though less and less . 
  this was the first time ever . 
  quick , get a screeenshot . 
  well , a monarchy is pretty fucking backwards , so there 's that . 
  what ? 
  who thinks that . 
  people might think you are assholes compared to the irish , but not backwards . 
  i also lived in the uk in the 90s , and almost left when i found out pubs closed at 11 , hardcore culture shock . 
  by an absolute miracle , i lived across the street from a bar that was open until 3am , so i didn ; t have to leave . 
  lol @ all the comments bashing the lack of broadcasting . 
  it 's all good , just confess . 
  you should really ditch your shakira laws . 
  just like how early closing time gets the brits crazy . 
  all that vodka probably hurts the fishies :-(, 
  then maybe germany should not have agreed to it , ir proposed funding other nations wuth their 2 % . 
  til, 
  it 's amazing how many rules there are .
