  you 've had some good zingers today . 
  if the polish experience over here is any indication of the future there , polish people are very good at assimilation . 
  i really do n't think the success of those nations are because of monarchies . 
  i 'm not saying the monarchies hurt them , but i 'd hardly say it is the reason they are doing well . 
  especially for can and aus . 
  i 'm going to be drawn and quartered , are n't i. 
  yeah , i hear ya . 
  lately in nyc , i 've noticed a massive increase in irish people working bars/restaurants . 
  when things were going greaty in ireland , i remember a lot of those people moved back . 
  a lot of 2nd generation americans were looking to move there too , especially ones whose family still had property over there . 
  i think ireland is going to do much better than southern europe however . 
  just going to nitpick a little . 
  people are leaving california and ny in droves because it is so effing expensive , and the taxes are insane . 
  places like texas are where the jobs are going . 
  but yes , there is plenty of internal movement . 
  people immigrated from ireland for centuries . 
  i know it has been rough for the past few years , but i think ireland survived it . 
  but how do you do that when germany needs one interest rate , and southern europe needs another ? 
  i do n't see how you fix the monetary aspect . 
  wow . 
  that it is the actual throne ? 
  where is it ? 
  your majesty , i beg your forgiveness !, 
  this is the one issue that i am 100 % aligned with france on , and against the uk on . 
  however , i understand where you are coming from . 
  yes , but ca n't you just picture it being used hundreds of years ago ? 
  like not just for ceremonies , every day . 
  fuck it , let 's do that anyway . 
  we could probably drag aus and nz over too , on the west coast of course . 
  only bad thing is that if you are off canada 's east coast , it is going to be cold . 
  we are pretty effing lucky to have canada as a neighbor . 
  no complaints here . 
  i 'd recommend one of these : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spud_gun, 
  he is glaring at me ... 
  i did n't do anything your highness , i swear it !, 
  i think it looks freaking awesome . 
  at least there are no actual royals to use them though . 
  so you have that going for you . 
  thx !, 
  i thought the people there were very nice , i had a great time . 
  sacha baron cohen played a character named borat , who was from kazakhstan . 
  i 'm sure it 's on youtube . 
  anyway , he 'd always make some nonsense comment followed by `` us and a. '', 
  granted , i didnt necessarily think you would get the reference , but you really need to calm your tits down . 
  i 'm always on this board advocating for the withdrawal of american troops from europe , and a intergrated eu military . 
  i also want to see nato disbanded in an orderly manner over time . 
  so , yeah . 
  i think you have totally lost your mind . 
  or maybe you 've never seen the borat movie . 
  hey , hey , not all mets fans are from li . 
  and just come out and say it already , you live in phillie . 
  f all orange people . 
  edit : sp, 
  poland , # 1 ally of us and a. 
  brooklyn counts too these days . 
  that is where you will find folks much more pretentious than in manhattan . 
  that is a learned behavior , i had to stop doing it myself . 
  i 'm the ( at least ) 4th generation to be born in brooklyn , an the first to grow up in the ` burbs . 
  my family pretty much had no conception that there could be anything else good anywhere else . 
  i went to to an ny state school , and the upstate people hated nyc area folks ( to be fair , li'ers are literally the worst people on earth ) . 
  still , i was n't exposed to anyone else from the rest of the country . 
  after college i worked at a top tier law firm and was literally shocked to find out there was a guy from the midwest who went to harvard . 
  i thought that there were only ignorant rubes out there . 
  then i met an orthodox jewish partner from cleveland ( i 'm a secular jew ) and i was again shocked that there were jews in cleveland . 
  anyway , by now i 'm over that stuff , but i had to unlearn generations worth of people not leaving brooklyn any farther than manhattan . 
  funny bit is i studied in london , traveled all over europe and knew more europeans than people from anywhere else in the us . 
  i still get all excited when i meet someone from south dakota or montana , lot less of people from out there than the rest of the world here . 
  split is amazing , what is there to abuse it for ? 
  i got charged for a mustard packet in a small town in wales . 
  biggest moment of culture shock in my life . 
  because it looks vaguely german . 
  kansas ? 
  i always use ohio for any out of towner trying too hard . 
  `` i wish i lived her in the '80s man , it was authentic then . 
  giulliani fucked this whole pace up and made it disneyland . '', 
  - unemployed kid from columbus ohio , who has his mommy pay 2k a month towards rent in williamsburgh . 
  oh please . 
  are you talking about getting mad that someone does n't have the time to hold the door , or walk slow behind you on the sidewalk ? 
  fine , i 'm sure that stuff gets annoying , but if you are just hanging out at a bar , people are going to be friendly enough . 
  if you are a single , employed male in your 20s , it is probably the greatest place on earth . 
  i 'm not saying we are great , i notice every time i come back from vacation somewhere else in the country , we are assholes compared to them , but we are n't all insufferable and arrogant . 
  those poor lepeians . 
  this works in spanish as well ? 
  respect . 
  dammit . 
  yes , but that also gave birth to tentacle porn . 
  you 're welcome . 
  you are right , looks like it was a different situation from japan . 
  the basic law was basically fixing up the weimar constitution , though it was presented to the allies for approval . 
  umm , no . 
  but it does n't mean we do n't like you . 
  no offense taken !, 
  spending and troop levels per capita close to uk and france . 
  japan has this same problem , their pm basically reinterpreted the constitution . 
  not sure if any legislation was passed . 
  regardless , if it time for gemran , japanese and italian post-war limitations be removed . 
  the us basically wrote the german and japanese constitutions , time to make changes to reflect changed circumstances . 
  thanks for making my awesome sennheiser headphones . 
  i do n't think people actually believe it is illegal . 
  blocked perhaps , but not illegal .
