  no religion in italy , none at all . 
  we do with things like environmental policy and access to healthcare . 
  [ well half of us i guess ], 
   new yorkers do believe they 're in the center of the world can confirm . 
  that is much better than mine . 
  tfw non-native speakers make better puns than you : - /, 
  ha , yes , i knew schlafen was referring to the schleiffen plan . 
  i was just attempting to make a joke , which clearly did not work . 
  i translated it and got `` sleep '' for schlafen , but i still think waffles are more effective . 
  looks like we are both right : https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/briton however , i probably should have said white british . 
  the white part is the racial context , the briton part basically means a citizen of the uk . 
  lol , what a shitty troll . 
  the metropolitan police spoke directly to the nypd , whatever they conveyed , we sent police to the mosques . 
  nypd just sent out police to protect mosques , so i think it 's safe to say that it this was not a traffic accident . 
  nyc has much , much stricter safety regulations , our buildings department has been working with skyscrapers for over 100 years . 
  we never slacked on this stuff , it 's local , not federal for the most part . 
  as soon as i heard it was in front of a mosque in finnsbury park , i figured there was a very good chance the driver was a white briton . 
  i do n't know if it 's changed in the past 10 years , but hvar was pretty civilized when i was there , no drunken tough guys . 
  will be very interesting to watch unfold . 
  til trump is a bmw driver . 
  the difference here is that sputnik/rt are government controled , and funded , which us why macron was happy to bring it up to putin in public . 
  russia does n't even try for plausible deniability . 
  you think that is going to be an important distinction to ee ? 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend , even if we hate our enemy for different reasons . 
  you are right , i 've seen a bunch of other sources that said there was no russian involvement with the leaked docs . 
  it 's one of the few things that people around the world agree on . 
  ok , so if we ignore the leaks , macron still believes there was a russian propaganda campaign against him . 
  i was talking about these new sanctions . 
  i do n't even think the germans want to repeal the prior sanctions . 
  yes , the far right here definitely tried to help her , but i 'm not sure they were involved in anything sophisticated . 
  i assume you are only referring to funding , and nit hacking . 
  that is totally different than misinformation and hacking . 
  it 's probably even legal . 
  that article also said the russians had done earlier misinformation . 
  i have no doubt american nazis would have been happy to spread misinformation however . 
  ok , now you are going to have to provide a source for that . 
  if it 's true , i 'd love to know who , but honestly , i 've never heard that . 
  honestly , i was taking macron 's word for it . 
  also , during the campaign , le pen visited putin , they were n't trying to hide anything . 
  at a minimum , i 'd assume russia financially aided le pen . 
  but i 'm not nearly as familiar as i am with trump/russia . 
  if it was about refugees or the wall , sure . 
  not on this topic though . 
  as i 'm sure you are aware , we are also looking to increase our lng exports , so there is that . 
  and frankly , the senate does n't really care about basf, 
  i think that 's accurate . 
  i actually do n't mind his `` we are n't so innocent '' bit , but he 's so erratic that it does n't matter much . 
  then i apologize for bringing it up . 
  this specific sanction is about the election , and it 's purely punishment . 
  no one expects it to topple putin or do anything else besides put a price tag on doing it again . 
  edit : mostly punishment , lng promotion as well . 
  you expect politicians to bring that up , and be honest about it ? 
  our press never even brings it up . 
  edit : interesting that all my replies to you are instantly downvoted . 
  it 's completely out of character for him , he blab about everything and trashes everyone . 
  he 's not done anything more than call it a hoax , and has never said a bad word about putin . 
  beyond suspicious , though it is true that he does n't criticize any authoritarian really . 
  i knew that clip was coming ;-), 
  all of this boils down to the eastern expansion of the eu in my opinion . 
  we and ee have very different geopolitical realities . 
  interesting that the british pushed for the expansion , and then is leaving ... 
  the ceiling in my basement has that mineral insulation . 
  so they do the insulation on the inside of the walks , right ? 
  we generally do , and usually only in the hands of the president . 
  this is a very strange situation , the senate is upset that russia messed with our election , the 98-2 vote proves that . 
  trump has been completely silent on the issue , and is being investigated for colluding with the russians . 
  trump can veto the bill , but there are the votes there to override that , and it will become the law . 
  it 's really an insane situation , and before trump being elected , i could n't even imagine a president being fine with electoral interference by a foreign power , even if it helped that president . 
  constitutionally and traditionally , the senate does have a role in foreign relations , blocking us to join the league of nations for example . 
  i 'd think france would be on board , as the russians fucked with their election as well . 
  but that does n't appear to be the case . 
  we 're they insulated in the same manner as the grenfell tower ? 
  the article makes it sound like trump wants the new sanctions . 
  he does n't . 
  hey , porn is not a major topic here , and it sure as hell is n't limited in anyway . 
  we get a bad rap , but the brits are the biggest `` think of the children '' crew on earth , followed by australia . 
  the fcc has antiquated rules for broadcast tv , but you can see all the boos you want on cable . 
  well , good luck wherever you end up . 
  do you have any family here ? 
  seems like all the greeks i know have family coming here . 
  meh , from a purely financial standpoint , you 'd do very , very well . 
  if you are talking about working in silicon valley , you probably would n't see your kids all that much . 
  these companies talk a big game about `` work-life '' balance , and do give a decent bit of maternal leave , but you will be expected to work lots of hours and always be available . 
  sure . 
  i have a bit of curiosity to with this , as i used to date a catalan speaker from the valencian community . 
  her parents hated franco bc the suppression , but her uncle ( who was quite rich ) had a fascist flag somewhere in his house , and i believe he got his money from dealing with the regime . 
  and they all just would not speak of it . 
  the uncle sent his daughters to some expensive opus dei college . 
  some similarities https://www.thenation.com/article/republican-legislators-want-you-to-think-confederate-monuments-arent-political/, 
  this sound familiar : https://www.thenation.com/article/republican-legislators-want-you-to-think-confederate-monuments-arent-political/, 
  do you plan to leave the country ? 
  you have a european head of state as it is . 
  yeah , and the american civil war was 150 years ago , and we are just now removing the symbols . 
  is there a geographic similarity in spain , where these monuments can only be found in certain areas ? 
  the subway station i get of at do for work is the end of the line , and the platform gets insanely hot because the trains sit there with the ac on . 
  but , since people are on the train much longer than on the platform , it 's a good trade off . 
  ha , i used the confederate monument comparison in another comment . 
  thx, 
  true , i just find anti-semitism in places with no jews fascinating . 
  he said that our past decades foreign have been a debacle , which is true as far as the middle east goes .
