  diesel is dead in the us, 
  trump claims he was always against the war , and that it was a disaster . 
  i do n't think he care if the germans agree . 
  it 's anti-vatican to burn down a catholic church . 
  maybe you missed something in my comment , because i 'm only talking about emissions . 
  and really , you can totally ignore my opinion , because it is the eu who thinks you have engaged in wrongdoing by not having any enforcement mechanism . 
   thursday 's notice is the first step in what is known as infringement procedures , allowing the european union to take action against member states for failing to apply eu law . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-volkswagen-emissions-eu-iduskbn13w2ug so let 's recap , the eu is planning to punish germany for not carrying out eu law . 
  they sounds like a rule of law issue to me , but yes , hurr durr abortion . 
  your `` rule of law '' regarding particulates is nothing to brag about . 
  the eu is investigating member states for having no penalties or enforcement for emission standards . 
  he might end up doing a lot of good for everyone . 
  congress might actually limit the power of the presidency because he is a lunatic . 
  i do n't think the whole `` western alliance '' means shit to trump . 
  he 'd sell eastern europe down the river . 
  trump is more likely to throw europe under the bus than was ever considered possible . 
  i do n't think trump sees a free eastern europe as a good enough return on investment for hegemony . 
  i think he is happy to cede a sphere of influence to russia , and then we will get tons of complaints that the us is n't doing enough . 
  i think trump is pulling our commitments to europe , but the results are going to be very hard to predict . 
  tldr ; be careful what you wish for . 
  it did n't even happen yet . 
  it 's probably just tell easiest measure , as you pointed out , it 's complicated . 
  also , if everyone in nato approached defense like finland , there would n't be any bitching about slackers . 
  she 's totally right , i 'm very impressed . 
  tbf , there is a lot less difference economic difference between cali and miss. , and bulgaria and denmark . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  this woman is a moron . 
  maybe trump will be the best thing that will ever happen to the eu , he may force defence integration without the us . 
  i did n't see dragons , just got kind of a nice buzz . 
  will be interesting to see ... 
  new innovative companies either get bought , or disrupt the old gaurd . 
  no one disputes that vw is a competent auto company , but i 'd say the eu going all in on diesel was a huge mistake that has really hurt vw . 
  hell , if they wanted to drag out the gasoline ice , they probably could for a very long time . 
  but with everyone over there choking on smog , the calls to move to electric are just going to get louder . 
  btw , this just came out : http://www.nbcnews.com/business/autos/fiat-chrysler-shares-plunge-12-percent-after-epa-accuses-using-n706141, 
  elon musk is seriously innovative , i do n't think that is a question . 
  as another redditor posted ( look at my other comments in this thread ) , vw spends 62 times what tesla does on r&d , so i do n't think it 's the money . 
  i 'm just discussing tesla , as this post was about autos , and i 'm not very informed on the spacex business . 
  as i 've said before , hating the musk cicrlejerk on reddit is one thing , but he 's a pretty impressive guy . 
  thanks for the source . 
  ok , you are right , r&d is not limited to electric vehicles ; though i would hope after the scandal and the extreme smog that many euro cities are experiencing right now , that it 's a major component . 
  however , your source makes my point that tesla is more innovative than vw . 
   to be sure , sheer expenditures do n't guarantee results . 
  so strategy & conducts an annual poll of executives to see which companies are considered most innovative . 
   this time , two automakers made the top 10 list of innovators . 
  tesla debuted at no . 
  3 , behind apple and google . 
  and toyota rejoined the list at no . 
  10 after a three-year absence . 
  according to this source , tesla is the 3rd most innovative company in the world , and vw is not on the list . 
  in fact vw is getting an awful return on $ 15b investment . 
  at least with their $ 9b investment , toyota is the 10th most innovative . 
  but as far as bang for the buck , seems like tesla is number 1 . 
  if you are sick of the reddit ciclrejerk , i get it . 
  but if you think tesla is some kind of scam or not actually innovative , i think you are wrong . 
  telsa market cap : $ 36.52 b vw market cap : today 79b , march 2015 ( before scandal ) $ 127b if you can show me a source that says vw has 15 times the r & d in electric vehicles , i 'll be impressed . 
  even taking market cap into account , that is impressive . 
  obviously all of tesla 's r&d is for electric vehicles . 
  as for people liking tesla , you think it 's reddit marketing , huh ? 
  you do n't think it 's because tesla 's get amazing reviews/ratings in the automotive press , and ( at least here ) people see them on the road all the time , and barely any other electric vehicles ? 
  i do see a nissan leaf or a bmw i3 every now an then . 
  do you think a lot of people do n't like vw because in the us they advertised heavily as being environmentally superior to other cars , and then lied , and doubled down on their lies after being caught cheating ? 
  do n't get me wrong , just about all car companies are lying cheaters , but when they get caught red handed , they admit it . 
  i do n't think that has anything to do with reddit . 
  as for your claim that vw is the most innovative , do you have anything to back that up ? 
  they won an award or something ? 
  no , elon musk is . 
  actually , i guess trump is innovative in a really bad way , like using twitter to bypass the press . 
  do n't worry , they 'll be gone soon . 
  you ought to sell some of that coal to germany . 
  i had a great time in wales about 20 years ago ; i was studying in london , and the program arranged a weekend trip to cardiff and all these ruins of castles and monasteries . 
  we stayed at some big country house in the hills , it was beautiful . 
  so me and some friends were on some trail out in the fields , and we see some people with big garbage bags . 
  we asked what they were doing , and they told us they were picking mushrooms . 
  one of the guys gave me a handful of mushrooms , and i made some tea from it , which was fun . 
  good peeps . 
  all i would have to do is take a nj bar review class . 
  the bar exam is pretty useless , it 's a screen to keep very stupid people from being admitted , but i think a lot of people who never went to law school could pass it with a review course . 
  depends on the state . 
  ny has reciprocity with 26 states , nj is not one of them . 
  so if i want to practice there , i will have to take the bar exam just like someone just graduating law school . 
  it 's like this for many professions . 
  do n't worry , you have been doing a great job of blocking the virus of innovation . 
  did the device fall on one of those kids legs ? 
  is it a licensed profession ? 
  i 'm an attorney admitted to practice in new york state ; if want to practice in another state , i have to jump through a lot of hoops , and pay a lot of fees . 
  can someone send whoever proposed this to look up tell definition of single market . 
  he reacts to every single perceived slight . 
  not stupid or gay at all . 
  thx for sharing . 
  sad , sucks there are some regressive tendencies pushing this . 
  i am glad to see the doors coffee shop on the singel canal is still open . 
  had a great time there a long time ago . 
  thx . 
  tax time is coming up , and i 'm actually going to try to pay attention to what i pay , and what my employer does . 
  never really thought about it . 
  very interesting . 
  if you had/have a spouse/kids , does sit go up ? 
  or do they have their own ? 
  thank you , very informative .
