  i 've been on the bernie bandwagon since ' 08 . 
  it 's just that here , they are allowed to go bankrupt . 
  the difference here is that municipalities are legally independent entities , though of course they are subject to the state 's authority . 
  yeah , the uk ` ish folks just claim american , and can do so on the census . 
  but way back when , they were mostly scots irish . 
  they are the ultimate assimilators . 
  please post this theory to / r/quebec . 
  it 's called being drunk . 
  no , i 'd say there are more uk folk in the south . 
  the new york post ( our trashy rag newspaper ) would go nuts ... 
  did you not see his flair ? 
  ha , that is almost the same as over here , but bondholders can get a haircut . 
  but you guys are n't brown . 
  jeebus help us if trump won . 
  i really can not believe that will happen . 
  is it ever an issue ? 
  would they just default , or would they get a bailout ? 
  it 's very rare here , but it happens , and it 's very orderly . 
  what about weed ? 
  i bet that is more popular over here , especially cali . 
  hopefully you guys will feel the same way about europe one day . 
  oh yeah , cali lead the way . 
  i remember what a huge deal it was in nyc on 1/1/03 when smoking was banned in bars . 
  turned out to be the greatest thing ever , no more coming home stinking like smoke . 
  hard to get away with a fart now though . 
  i do n't know , unless the people of germany and sweden have radically different views than their governments , i think the rest of europe are going to be very unhappy with them . 
  do n't worry , we will accept european refugees in the future . 
  nj joined the eu ? 
   european ethnic nationalism is looking like a much preferable alternative to endless 3rd world immigration to be quite honest . 
  then you 'll get back to killing each other . 
  it would be a lot smarter to just start acting rationally now . 
  god job on the weight loss . 
  i 'm always shocked at the smoking when i go anywhere in europe . 
  it 's definitely looked down on as low class here in the northeast . 
  now i 've seen everything . 
  what is bloomberg 's agenda ? 
  it 's better to just let a municipality have a disorderly default instead of working out a structured plan ? 
  i guess greece got an exception . 
  so what you are telling me is that renting a low income apartment is a protected form of political speech ? 
  i do n't understand the obsession with jewish conspiracies in greece . 
  and heating . 
  places where it is hot ad sicily in the summer are cold as moscow in the winter . 
  he said all kosovars are religious , i said all of them are not . 
  what about ordering a black and tan in ireland ? 
  it tastes pretty good . 
  we did the `` century club '' freshman year of college . 
  i do n't remember it getting totally out of hand . 
  yup , i just got into manhattan from san francisco . 
  only a 42 hour drive . 
  those mr2s were fun . 
  rav4 is the same size as my escape . 
  i think after all this hubbub , diesels are going to be on the way out over the next decade . 
  mad cow ... 
  and i 'm a car guy too , never even heard of this . 
  we have a ford escape ( 1.6 turbo ) and generally get 26 mpg . 
  it 's quite hilly where we live , when we go somewhere flat , it gets about 30mpg . 
  i really just do n't like suvs , so top heavy , but it 's my wife 's car , so what can i do . 
  i have a 7.5 l '71 buick for a toy . 
  love that car . 
  8 mpg if i 'm lucky . 
  tons of audi/subaru/bmw / benz wagons where i live , but apparently the rest of the country does n't like that . 
  `` manufacturers of new cars that fail to meet the minimum fuel economy level of 22.5 miles per gallon ( mpg ) have to pay a `` gas guzzler tax . '' the tax is intended to discourage the production and purchase of fuel inefficient vehicles . 
  this fact sheet explains what the gas guzzler tax is and how it is calculated . '', 
  http://www3.epa.gov/fueleconomy/guzzler/420f12068.pdf actually looks like you are right , a decent number would get hit with the tax . 
  til . 
  lol , i 'm a retard !!, 
  sorry , tired . 
  i 'll look what the gas guzzling combined mpg is , i doubt any suv would make it anyway . 
  `` british beef , you 'll go mad for it ! '', 
  you see a lot of suvs on here ? 
  http://www3.epa.gov/fueleconomy/guzzler/420b13037.pdf i do love station wagons though . 
  here is the definition from the epa itself : light-duty vehicles : passenger cars and light trucks : minivans , passenger vans , pickup trucks , and sport-utility vehicles http://www3.epa.gov/otaq/standards/basicinfo.htm, 
  http://www.popularmechanics.com/cars/a4567/4330313/ `` diesels are wildly popular in europe , accounting for roughly 50 percent of the car market there . '', 
  nox and particulates are direct causes of harm to human health . 
  eurpo cities often have atrocious air quality due to diesel . 
  is this worth incrementally improving co2 ???? 
  none of the germans here believe it either . 
  bow down to the queen !!!!, 
  you ungrateful peasant@!, 
  heavy duty engines have different requirements , i 'm not sure if the 6.7 is considered heavy duty . 
  otherwise diesel and petrol are held to the same standards . 
  what part of the term `` defeat device '' do you not understand ? 
  '' `` europe has for light duty vehicles different emission limits for petrol and diesel vehicles . 
  for euro 5 diesel vehicle ( from september 2009 ) the nox limit is 0.18 g/km ; euro 6 from september 2014 is 0.08 g/km , '' he said via e-mail . 
  `` in the u.s. they have different ` tiers ' and a very different test cycle . 
  as i understand it a manufacturer of vehicles must ensure the fleet average is below 0.07 g/mile ( 0.04 g/km ) , i.e. 
  no specific limit for diesels . 
  on balance the usa tend to be ahead of europe in terms of setting emission limits . '', 
  '' `` however , regardless of emissions standards , there is no doubt as far as nox is concerned , that diesels will be much higher emitters cf. 
  petrol , '' said carslaw , `` i think if the usa had the same proportion of diesel as us and tougher air quality limits for no2 there would be similar problems . '' \u00b7 u.s. emissions laws require all vehicles and fuels to comply with the same requirements ( fuel neutral ) \u00b7 u.s. emissions laws require significantly cleaner vehicles with longer emissions warranty periods , with advanced on-board diagnostics ( obdii ) including 13 diagnostics for emissions ; the eu 's diagnostic requirements are far less extensive and do not fully correlate with emissions \u00b7 the testing cycles in the u.s. encompass a far greater range of operation ( altitude , high temps , etc. ), 
  requiring emissions performance from -10 to 95f than does europe ; the u.s. requires emissions durability for 120,000 miles/10 years ; eu 62,500 miles/5 years \u00b7 the u.s. certifies vehicle emissions on a fleet-wide average basis . 
  the eu does not use such a fleet-wide basis . 
  \u00b7 the eu is focusing more on the number of particles emitted and the us on the mass of particles emitted . 
  read the whole article , diesel is awful , and 50 % of european cars use it . 
  you can stop the `` green '' circlejerk now . 
  you guys specifically hold diesel to a lower standard , we have the same standards for both . 
  not at all , light trucks and cars have the same exact standards . 
  then there are heavy duty vehicles , which are on a totally different standard . 
  people here like suvs because they hold a lot of shit . 
  those 3 trucks together put out less nox than diesel .
