  i 'd never heard of a schengen visa before ... 
  that 's exactly right . 
  just tiring to see all the '' ` murica is a shithole , no one wants to go there !!! '', 
  comments . 
  everyone loves to circlesjerk about how great canada is ; so why do canadians immigrate here at a much , much higher rate than americans immigrate there ? 
  dammit , we screwed up . 
  of course , you 'll also notice that no one would ever call for visas on the irish , even though you guys overstay and all that . 
  what can i say , everyone likes you fuckers . 
  you must be older , using soviet whataboutism like that . 
  answer the question , why are their so many illegal poles here ? 
  from what i 've read in this thread , the eu can do that for schengen visas , and that would make sense . 
  but i also see that each country may waive visas for whoever they wish . 
  i do n't think for a second that we countries will impose a visa on americans and lose billions are dollars on tourists . 
  can you imagine how that would effect ireland ? 
  but you have not delegated passport/border control ... get one passport for all the eu , and then you can do what you want . 
  this is why he is so scary . 
  does n't even pretend to care about `` american ideals . '', 
  but the differences in the eu are so huge , the average does n't mean much . 
  why are there so many illegal polish here then ? 
  lol , tell that to the rest of your countrymen . 
  once you guys can behave like other eu members , you wont need a visa . 
   usa/canada can not pick and choose which countries in the eu they will require a visa for if you all had one passport , that would be true . 
  you can say `` we should all be equal '' as much as you want , but unless you present yourselves as equal to the outside world , no one is going to respect it . 
  how can you can you make a statement like that about the whole eu ? 
  ridiculous . 
  it 's sad that literally everyone of them will be shot and murdered :-(, 
  uh , so why are their so many poles staying her illegally when they can stay in the glorious eu ? 
  why are almost no americans illegally staying in the eu ? 
  wow , that would impress a 1950s soviet , good work . 
  now how many americans overstay their visas , and/or commit crimes in the eu ? 
  did they enjoy your p0rn in austria ? 
  might have been too pedestrian for them . 
  if you are saying the eu can refuse to issue a schengen visa to americans on that basis , that 's fine . 
  if you are saying the us needs to treat all eu nations the same , that is n't going to work . 
  you are still independent countries . 
   ok , i get it , mine was an overstatement . 
  so edit it . 
  they just want to make sure you have a legit reason to visit . 
  you should see how the canadians border gaurds are , ask sooooo many questions . 
  `` have you ever received a speeding ticket ? '', 
  so it 's not really a good idea to push it , since it wo n't work . 
  poles overstay at a much higher rate than other eu nations , that is why there is the visa requirement , it 's that simple . 
  your government is so nervous about russia , that it deletes any leverage that you may have . 
  i ca n't find it now , but there was an article in the ny times about how trump is the first president in a very long time that in not a believer in exceptionalism , but he 's extremely nationalist . 
  we 've never seen this type of populist-nationalist before , it 's disconcerting . 
  no , no . 
  the very purpose of this policy is to alienate and abuse eastern euros , who are generally very pro american , nothing to do with actual reasons . 
  do you know how many illegal irish are here ? 
  or polish ? 
  anecdotally , my friend 's italian cousin same here to work illegally , overstayed , and tried to sneak back in through canada , he got deported . 
  it happens . 
   the problems their citizen has caused around europe would be huge red flag for us . 
  that 's not why they need visas , it 's because some overstay . 
  that 's the given reason anyway . 
  if i land in a shengen airport , they wo n't ask me the purpose of my visit ? 
  i got questioned when i arrived in ireland . 
  if i went to a shengen country they would have just waved me through ? 
  edit : i did n't phrase this well . 
  every time i have arrived at a european airport from the us , i am questioned about my plans . 
  the comment i replied to indicated that americans are simply waived through , which is not true . 
  very canadian of them . 
  and a great triggering was heard ... 
  it 's def artsy-fartsy and overpriced , but it looks interesting . 
  it 's in such an awesome location as well , got ta pay that rent . 
  thanks for the tips , i actually was going to do a post in / r/denmark . 
  i know nothing about your food . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  gew\u00fcrztraminer can be sweet , this is true . 
  german riesling or gew\u00fcrztraminer . 
  i 'll take an austrian riesling or gew\u00fcrztraminer over either of these . 
  i 've been upvoting your comment for an hour , but it 's not working :-(, 
  how rich , coming from the country that invented carslberg . 
  i do have to give mikkeller credit for doing a very good job of brewing in the american style . 
  i usually grab a mikkeller at the great northern food hall in grand central ( danish food ) , but i have no clue what the food is ... what should i get ? 
  i would n't say that our laws are more `` archaic , '' just that the penalties are more severe . 
  yup, 
  deal of the century . 
  it 's not really run for profit , we have the same percentage of private prisons as the uk , it 's a jobs programs for cops and prison guards . 
  my ex ( from a long , long time ago ) was spanish , and she came to the us for awhile ; jamon was not imported here , and every time she came back from spain , her mother puts tons of jamon in her suitcase . 
  so good . 
  we 've been able to buy it here since 2007 , i 've had it a few times at tapas places . 
  my family came to the us long before the holocaust , but even among jews here who do have family that survived , do not want hate speech criminalized . 
  sunshine is the best disinfectant as they say . 
  anyway , just because one is part of a group that has been persecuted , does not mean they automatically call for speech restrictions . 
  that does n't sound bad at all . 
  jew here ; i want no criminalization of hate speech . 
  20 euro for a kilo ? 
  that situation was only applicable to the military , not civilians . 
  it was about `` do n't ask , do n't tell , '' nothing to do with gay marriage . 
  i meant before that comment , i never knew what the dorp in new dorp was . 
  never had a reason to look at the link before, 
  he might have been using a musket . 
  that 's where you 're wrong , kiddo . 
  now this makes more sense to me : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_dorp,_staten_island thx, 
  you thought of the children, 
  he has to be a troll, 
  has there been any backlash from the muslim community ? 
  last time i ordered a mythos , i did not finish it , probably the only time in my life that has happened . 
  foul tasting , tinted water . 
  what about mythos ?
