  we can cut out western europe altogether . 
  besides the uk , they are our buds . 
  that is nuts . 
  dae think american tv literally kills ? 
  absolutely , and states steal businesses from each other all the time with tax incentives , etc. 
  however , none of the states have any say in foreign policy , and that is what we are talking about here . 
  * paid, 
  we do , we buy tons from venezuela . 
  we also make a ton of our own , and get a lot of canadian too . 
  oil is a global market , i would assume more sa oil goes to europe than us . 
  no , no , you misunderstand , i do n't think he wants to take over europe , i think he wants a fractious eu that can not get in his way . 
  you guys get the good norge gas . 
  the interests of various eu states are different . 
  so which are `` european ? '', 
  your point has brought a question in my mind . 
  do you think putin is doing this to `` divide and conquer '' the eu ? 
  by making it look weak , he can reduce its future potency . 
  he also knows that the us has no appetite for anything beyond sanctions . 
  hell , i could see a presidential candidate in the next election using the `` why are we wasting money on nato when our ` partners ' do n't spend their fair share on their own defense and do n't stand up for themselves ! '', 
  i think the next few months will be very important in determining the level of cooperation of eu states going forward . 
  there has been no movement towards natgas transportation . 
  we still need oil for that . 
  hey , i like my cheap natgas . 
  you ca n't have it . 
  part of the marshall plan provided subsidies for roller coasters to keep the american roller coaster industry afloat . 
  it 's been a big success . 
  yeah , not having to spend money on defense must be nice . 
  which is why they are in no rush to change it i 'm sure . 
  but i just do n't see how the eu can be taken seriously without a larger , more involved german force . 
  come on , stop being ridiculous . 
  it does n't matter if you think gaza is worse , or iraq is worse , or if chicago is worse . 
  my statement remains valid . 
  i love when people bring up something completely irrelevant to a black and white statement . 
  i bet you will have no problems rooting for a puppy murderer come fall . 
  rockets are being fired at them , sirens go off and people run in shelters . 
  there is a massive offensive going on a few miles away . 
  that is a war zone . 
  i 've never met anyone who believed in the protocols . 
  in my mind , the uk is already out of the eu , it is inevitable . 
  but you are right , most countries would not agree to be in a federation , because they are all so different . 
  it could never work . 
  what could have worked in a number of regional unions , which could engage in a federation if they wished . 
  a nordic union , mediterranean union , former soviet bloc union , etc. 
  in that event , there could be cooperation between similar countries . 
  agreed . 
  yes , that was horrible , and i hope you can learn from our mistakes , and not repeat them . 
  of course the first mistake we made were the articles of confederation , which proved that a bunch of independent states which are loosely attached will not work . 
  i personally think that the eu might have been overextended and it would have been better setting up smaller unions . 
  like a nordic union , mediterranean union , benelux union , etc. 
  there are so many different interests involved , and the biggest problem is one interest rate set by the ecb for the whole continent . 
  i do n't see how that can work when the economies still are separate . 
  i would love to see that . 
  this artificial suppression of germany is unhealthy , and it emboldens russia . 
  the us deserves a lot of blame for this . 
  after the cold war , we should have started closing down bases and at least not have expanded nato . 
  but we like using the german bases as a staging area for our middle eastern adventures . 
  so why should any of these countries invested heavily in defense ? 
  they did n't have to . 
  however , the american people are very war weary , and do not know why a bunch of rich , first world countries with arms industries can not defend themselves . 
  or at least seriously contribute to their own defense . 
  this excludes france and uk of course . 
  american policy has not caught up to this yet . 
  but back to the original point , it is extremely unsettling to me that the eu can not work together for the common defense . 
  makes me question the whole project . 
  it really looks like it . 
  scary as hell . 
  they are moving to a literal war zone over paris . 
  nuts . 
  i assume more move to the uk though . 
  if you feel that way , you should not be in a union with them then . 
  ah , you mean all the various eu agencies , parliament , council , etc. 
  i get it , it is n't just agreements between countries , it is an entity . 
  but there literally is nothing more important than the common defense . 
  everyone thought history was over , that western europe could now live in eternal peace . 
  and maybe western europe can , but when you let in eastern european countries , they do not feel as safe . 
  crimea and mh17 are the first real foreign affairs crisis to affect all of the eu , i 'm not sure how it is going to turn out . 
  no doubt about that . 
  if we start to get dragged into this , people will really be pissed though . 
  not me , you have a very capable military , but it is not commensurate with your standing in the world and economic power . 
  this is primarily because of outdated treaties from wwii that limit your forces . 
  these treaties apply to italy as well . 
  wwii is over , we need to scrap any remnants of it that treat germany as a potential warmonger . 
   the eu solidarity clause that dictates we must assist fellow members under attack is much more solid than the paper alliances we had back then . 
  how is it any different ? 
  `` we must all hang together , or assuredly we shall all hang separately . '', 
  - ben franklin, 
  could you imagine how little it would cost each country if the bill was split up on a gdp basis ? 
  eu states should pay , and the ships should be built and put under nominal eu control . 
  it would just look good , and protect french jobs . 
  how is this not being discussed ? 
  why ca n't even simple things be done ? 
  very informative , thank you . 
  i agree with you for the most part in re evidence , but what i think outrages people the most was the meddling with the crash site and refusing access to bodies . 
  you do n't have to believe that russia is 100 % arming and controlling the separatists to believe that putin could have told them to let independent observers/investigators in . 
  it took days . 
  that just makes them look guilty , but it was also very disrespectful to the families of the victims . 
  if germany would let the ecb print ( like the fed and boe did ) , it would be less of an issue . 
  hey , they are n't supposed to know about that . 
  and i 'm not buying your flair with that username , you russian spy . 
  all that maple syrup will be ours , ** all of it !!!!,
