  we are also working a plans to tow nz and aus off the pacific coast . 
  you are n't going to cede any sovereignty or anything , it just makes sense to have all the anglo bros in one place . 
  and punishing people for doing these things makes it less likely to be repeated . 
  wait , he should n't be punished because everyone else would do it too ? 
   putting a 94-yo behind bars seems a bit harsh though . 
  he has lived a good life until now , let it end on this note . 
  i was using forgiveness to include restructuring ( not that there was any way for you to know that ) . 
  i have n't had my coffee yet , but the point i 'm trying to make is that you can not force political/social change by tying people together with a currency before they are ready . 
  this could have been a defining moment for the eu , where there was a grand compromise , and that weak countries would be saved by further integration and european monitoring of the relief/bailout funds . 
  instead , greeks refuse to let others collect their taxes , and northerners do n't want to pay for lazy greeks . 
  maybe that will come about when this bailout runs out . 
  but to me , it does n't look like there is much appetite for it . 
  yup , the eastern roman empire was quite civilized , while western europe were living in mud huts . 
  you are already blamed !, 
  but yes , it 's the evil anglo-saxons !, 
  `` whatever it takes '' is debt forgiveness . 
  you do n't do that , you are n't doing whatever it takes , and you fail . 
  the bank of england has generally had an active role in juicing the economy . 
  all the germans ever carr about is low inflation . 
  it 's a different philosophy , and it would not have worked . 
  we will be blamed for the euro failing . 
  us and `` the jews . '', 
  yeah , think about all the old glorious yurop comments i 'll get to copy and paste . 
  it 's going to be like ohanian saying reddit was n't created to be bastion of free speech . 
  wow , that is kind of strong language if it is reflective of mainstream thought , people must be angry . 
  i 'm reading a book right now , that is called `` the accidental superpower , '' which is about the us . 
  the main thesis is that the us future will be strong based purely on demographics and geography/natural resources . 
  it 's not our laws or `` work ethic '' or `` free enterprise . '', 
  so the author goes on to analyze other areas of the world , and in his europe section he talks about france and germany drifting apart as the end of `` europe . '', 
  he says the issue will be france continuing to have very lofty ( in a good way ) ideals concerning europe ; and germany had good ideas too , but largely the french set the agenda , germany always went along with french policy . 
  the issue now is that germany is getting very frustrated because they have to pay for almost all of this . 
  and they want france to foot the bill too , but france has less assets , and ca n't always pay , but still advances their ideals . 
  tldr ; germany is getting tired of paying for all this with only limited input . 
  they are now using their economic weight to push for much more say in policy , causing tension with france . 
  exactly right . 
  we also want a stable europe . 
  we are continuing to pull our forces out . 
  printing like crazy , and negative interest rates on deposits . 
  in my opinion , the biggest worry is that this might be the beginning of germany and france growing apart . 
  obama says that in public , lew will deliver the real message in private . 
  we do not want to see a humanitarian crisis and global disruption . 
  there are also many geopolitical implications . 
  it 's quite disheartening to watch . 
  it feels like the way europe was long ago . 
  the post cold war happy times are over . 
  they did chime in . 
  why would we want to do that ? 
  between this and greece , she is a hell of a republican . 
  you might be onto something . 
  it is a literal , undeniable , mathmatical truth that there must be debt forgiveness . 
  with this certainty , the us might work a little more behind the scenes then it was before . 
  i 'm sure as hell not seeing that on reddit . 
  no it 's not unanticipated , many economists have been saying this ca n't work without debt forgiveness for a long time . 
  the eurogroup is playing itself . 
  none of this works without debt amnesty . 
  but that is not politically feasible , so we get this mess for now . 
  hell no , reisdorf kolsch is legit . 
  k\u00f6lsch is a style of summer beer , no ? 
  it 's better to sell to pay an employee than a bondholder , from their point of view . 
  does n't matter what anyone does really , greece is mathematically fucked . 
  better to realize that and deal with is . 
  it might be worse than just damage . 
  small facilities are owned by municipalities too , but huge ports like newark and long beach are too big for that . 
  i do n't think they still support the ira here , it 's over ( for now anyway ) . 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  fuck those people . 
  here in ` murica , ports are usually owned by quasi-govermental corporations . 
  i do n't think it 's crazy for the government to own a port . 
  [ this german car is n't boring ] ( http://www.motortrend.com/roadtests/coupes/1507_2017_audi_r8_second_drive_review/ ) , but alfa is coming out with some very cool models , and it 's coming back to the us . 
  it would be able to keep the property on its soil . 
  alfa 's are sweet brah . 
  economics aside , a lot of us see this as a horrible thing that can damage the european project . 
  also , mathematically the current an will fail . 
  unity through diversity, 
  i did n't give any advice to anyone . 
  work on your reading comprehension skills . 
  no , i 'm saying it is totally different than the situation in europe . 
  if greece just defaulted now , it would at least keep all its property . 
  signing this agreement will let the holders of your debt to legally sell state assets . 
  fuck this deal . 
  if cameron refuses , could scottish leaders contribute ? 
  that is awesome . 
  shuable is sending his people after you , be careful out there . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , it 's ridiculous . 
  fix borders of the eu , not inside the eu . 
  i tell you , the eu seems to get it backwards sometimes . 
  like monetary union before fiscal union , and now add controls to interior eu borders ? 
  does they want poles , czechs , slovaks , etc. 
  to hide on lorries ? 
  it 's clear that us v eu is a ridiculous comparison since crimea happened . 
  your immigration , monetary and defense `` policies '' are chaos , every man for himself . 
  donald trump , that you ? 
  sucks having all these hard working people who commit far fewer crimes than citizens born here . 
  actually it 's a lot of uk , swiss and norwegians and swedes who say they never want to be on the euro . 
  i should be downvoted for crying about downvotes . 
  i 've been on that bandwagon since 1999 , and i get downvoted for it . 
  from over here , the whole thing is obviously flawed , since we can actually see what a fiscal union is about . 
  that was n't what i was trying to convey . 
  i 'm talking about the rise of the right in greece . 
  next week golden dawn will have t-72s .
