  i 'm a bit confused , was n't it up to the french/english ? 
  the turks talked them out of it ? 
  `` some reason '' it 's ok bro . 
  assassination . 
  no , a clever plan would not have caused so much anger in the rest of the eu . 
  reminds me of how they were shocked that people got mad at collective punishment in belgium during wwi . 
  they need to work on their public relations . 
  when i said country , i meant a national independent state . 
  they got fucked by the english and french . 
  that is a pretty fucked up plan , you just made life terrible for austria and hungary . 
  and i agree it 's pressure for the quota system . 
  your neighbors are getting more angry by the day ... 
  maybe if you guys did n't keep stealing all their jarlsberg , they would n't have had to close the borders . 
  i do n't disagree with you at all . 
  quite frankly , i think the fact that ireland is not so entwined in all this shit , speaks english and is an actual island are all huge pluses . 
  finland and sweden have the same . 
  i just meant the fact that so many eu citizens feel no loyalty to the eu is n't a great sign for the future of the eu . 
  i thought you meant the ones that got in the country already . 
  like some people dying of thirst who made it over the border , we obviously give them medical attention . 
  and no , we are n't delusional/suicidal enough to think we can literally save everyone n earth . 
  that does n't bode well for the future of the eu . 
  not only ireland , it was out in for sweden and finland as well . 
  how could anyone watch the insane shit show that is taking place and want to stay in ? 
  we do n't let them die . 
  not sure where you heard that one . 
  edit : we do n't let ones who make it past the border die, 
  merkel just shat on you . 
  in jail for eye rape . 
  or they created a `` well they 're all here now , we all have to deal with it . '', 
  the kurds have no country because sykes-picot , not because turkey bad . 
  i 'm jewish , the most diasporatic folks around , and i 'm 1000 % american . 
  it can be done . 
  wow , it 's almost like telling every refugee on earth `` come to germany !!!! '', 
  was n't the best plan . 
  and here i thought the germans were so organized . 
  potatoes . 
  there is also a higher level of english fluency than in the rest of spain , right ? 
  since we are on the topic of self determination , do you think the folks of ni will ever hold a referendum ? 
  a europe of regions is much stronger than a europe of states . 
  yup , the brits could not stand you having , and possibly controlling access to the dardanelles . 
  they were also against russia doing the same . 
  the `` italians '' here put little italian flags on their cars . 
  and that 's our worse assimilation problem . 
  that 's a really good point . 
  i 'm old enough that when i was a kid , any east asian person i met was probably not born in the us , and did not speak english well . 
  but that has changed , now they are 2nd generation , and speak with the same ny accent and vocabulary that i do . 
  at first i was surprised , like oh this japanese kid sounds american . 
  but then i realized , the kid is american . 
  that was really helpful , thanks . 
  when i was in ireland , all the barber shops said `` turkish barber . '', 
  now i know why . 
  but all we kept was the food . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  man , you would really piss some catalans off . 
  i dated a valencian catalan ; her parents were forbidden to speak catalan , and they were regulary harrassed by the police . 
  they were second class citizens, 
  lol , i missed that . 
  rights  democracy, 
  following the law is racist , you should be ashamed . 
  swiss - german ? 
  i 've been castigated by a few eastern euros for the us not going all the way to moscow after berlin ... 
  to do so would be misogyny . 
  why do n't you start building high rise apartment buildings ? 
  your ruse had us all fooled !, 
  shifty romanians !, 
  eu media is surpressing it . 
  rt is your only option . 
  now do n't get ideas , you dangerous separatist . 
  solidarity above all !, 
  most became citizens ? 
  the vast majority of them are working . 
  usually the parents did menial labor , and their kids went to college . 
  it is not an option to come here and get free housing/money . 
  so they really had no choice . 
  `` central to u.s. 
  refugee policy is the requirement that refugees be gainfully employed , and they sign contracts upon arrival in the resettlement city agreeing to accept any work that is available . '', 
  from a study on bosnians in upstate ny ( pdf ) https://www.hamilton.edu/levitt/pdfs/owens-manley_refugee.pdf http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2010/07/years_after_escaping_war_and_g.html, 
  wow , that is really rough for your friends . 
  there was no process where they could have applied for permanent residency or citizenship ? 
  yep , and i 'm glad we did . 
  they all became citizens and are very , very hardworking people . 
  i was asking because i am friends with many bosnians ( almost all from srebernica ) who were kicked out . 
  they all moved to the us and are citizens here . 
  have you been granted german citizenship ? 
  is n't that those people 's fault for not looking ? 
  dw thinks you are almost as bad as americans :-d, 
  it 's hard being # 1 . 
  north american lng is literally satan !!, 
  those german jobs have been available to eu folks the whole time . 
  it ai n't my fault, 
  word, 
  honestly , i was surprised by how much i loved it there . 
  i studied in london , but not for a minute did i consider moving to the uk . 
  nothing against the uk , i have many british friends . 
  i was at a wedding in ireland that was full of australians , uk ` ers and irish ; tons of them had been to the us , and were trying to come over here for a little while at least . 
  no one abused me , or went on a screed about the us . 
  made me realize that reddit is not irl . 
  really ? 
  i have n't found them to be negative at all . 
  they 've got nothing on the spanish for example .
