  so i can expect amazing mexican food ? 
  i 'm sorry :-( can you plan my entire trip now ? 
  thanks . 
  i stayed in dublin for 3 days in ' 98 , def will be avoiding temple bar . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  awesome !!, 
  thanks man ~ !, 
  we are pretty obsessed with spicy food over here . 
  you get used to it after awhile , i love it . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ggvcg/ireland_%c3%a9ire_country_of_the_week/cty12y5 :-), 
  i 'm going to a wedding in dundalk , and we will be spending a couple days in dublin as well . 
  then we are renting a car , and drive down the coast to cork , and then we will head up to galway , and then to belfast . 
  we 'll be there 10 days , 2 of which are at the wedding . 
  please feel free to share any advice !, 
  i did n't want to be the annoying guy who asks questions on / r/ireland !, 
  any advice about where to go hiking and cool small towns to visit would be appreciated . 
  i 'd like to stay in bed and breakfasts as much as possible . 
  irish breakfast , yum . 
  also , if we rent a tiny little car , am i going to get killed on the gasoline pricing ? 
  my wife has been doing much of the planning , i 'm a slacker . 
  how hot is the sauce ? 
  when i visited spain , there really wsa n't any spicy food , and when my gf moved here ( from spain ) , she almost died eating mexican . 
  turned red with watery eyes from jalapenos , which are n't so hot . 
  i 'm sorry , but that just crosses a line , and is unacceptable . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was pretty good . 
  i 'll be there in 11 days !, 
  i 'm just talking crude prices , not refined products . 
  but you are right , the spread has shrank . 
  did you see this ? 
  quickly would be tough , but i 'm sure you can start transitioning soon . 
  people refuse to extradite their citizens here all the time . 
  this is high profile because terrorism , but it 's not exactly uncommon . 
  well , norway has a huge sovereign fund , you could stop selling oil now , and be fine . 
  i read this today : http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/07/police-shootings-traffic-stops-excessive-fines it is a fucked up situation , it has to stop . 
  things are changing , we are hotting a breaking point with all this . 
  i do n't think there will ever be much sympathy for the `` worst of the worst '' in florence , but there has been a lot of questioning of solitary in the state systems . 
  it generally is a terrible thing . 
  we are slowly beginning to change our system . 
  all the videos of unarmed blacks getting shot , and states legalizing weed with no bad results are changing things . 
  it is way too slow , but hopefully all this insanity will stop . 
  crime got out of control here in the 80s , and we got all hardcore . 
  now there is much less crime , and a lot of unjust shit is going on . 
  i guess i used `` you '' incorrectly . 
  it would be terrible for the rest of europe in any event , prices would go through the roof , and you would give more money to saudi/russia . 
  it 's not just black people , it 's any convicted felon . 
  felonies are serious crimes , and i 'm guessing that the large percentage of these folks never would have voted anyway . 
  meaning , it is n't a factor in rioting or other problems . 
  i 'd be fine with them losing the right to vote equivalent to the time they spent in prison . 
  but again , i do n't think 98 % of these folks would vote anyway . 
  our oil is cheaper . 
  look up wti vs brent . 
  we have much cheaper transportation costs . 
  true , then you would buy more oil from russia and the saudis , which have great human rights records . 
  good idea . 
  depends where , but yes , convicted felons lose the right to vote . 
  i do n't think that demographic has a big run out though . 
  you figured it out , the riots are about voting . 
  i never even knew it was a thing until i heard it on the radio . 
  might explain why some `` imported '' grated cheese i bought did n't have the country of origin on it . 
  lol , i replied to the wrong comment , but yes sweet potato fries are awesome . 
  i never even knew it was a thing until i heard it on the radio . 
  might explain why some `` imported '' grated cheese i bought did n't have the country of origin on it . 
  pc gone wrong . 
  we know what parmesan is . 
  i suppose a company could lie , and if it is n't good , you do n't buy it again . 
  but a company that did that would n't stay in business very long . 
  all my friends who have visited normandy said that the locals treated them so well , and made them feel welcome . 
  i thought that was so cool . 
  i know you do n't have to kiss our asses , but my friends who have visited normandy said the locals were really , really nice to them . 
  i do n't really see that as asskissing , i see that as having class . 
  when i was in amsterdam , i saw a few pics of americans driving jeeps with crowds cheering on the wall of various cafes , etc. 
  i thought that was really nice . 
  have you ever seen band of brothers ? 
  they went through france and when they got to the netherlands , they loved it . 
  `` these people speak english , and like us ? 
  this is great ! '', 
  your english is close to perfect . 
  he 's thinking of katyushkas . 
  i made this mistake when i was studying in london . 
  i said `` i see your signs use mph , i thought all of europe uses kmh ? '', 
  the response i got was `` sir , we are in england , not europe . '', 
  :-) we will remember this when the shit goes down !, 
  baltics , poles and romanians like us , yay !!, 
  no , that really is n't true . 
  as i explained in a comment above , our grocery stores have two separate cheese sections . 
  the very cheap stuff is by the eggs/milk , and the good stuff is in the `` artisinal/premium '' cheese section . 
  now it is true that there might be high quality american cheeses in the style of a european cheese , but the real european cheese will be right next to it . 
  our system would not work in europe , and i totally get that you should n't use it , but here , we are not confused . 
  basically there is very cheap cheese for kids sandwiches , and there is good cheese you put out with meat , etc. 
  two totally different product categories . 
  also , remember for the most part , the location names do n't mean anything to us . 
  we would never be confused that it comes from italy . 
  `` parmessan '' over here just means a flavor , not a place . 
  so when this product is on the shelf , the real italian one will be right next to it . 
  also , at every store i 've ever been to , there are two cheese sections . 
  the really cheap stuff is in the dairy section near the eggs/milk and there is a `` premium/artisinal '' section which is usually by all the cured meat / cold cuts . 
  i totally get why our system makes no sense over there , but over here we know if we are buying a cheap parmesan style , or actual parmesan cheese . 
  i know that mexico and canada smacked us down for labeling meat as coming from the us . 
  apparently that was a violation of nafta because it discriminated against the other countries .
