  so i do n't know what to tell you . 
  you let people run amok for generations , and the chickens have come home to roost . 
  i never said that was wrong . 
  cracks me up that no one seems to notice that all this immigration is a legacy of colonialism . 
  you gave prefences to your former conquered folks to come over and do jobs you did n't want to do , and now bitch about it . 
  at least over here we can admit that we let illegal aliens come here to work for dirt cheap rates . 
  and then we take highly skilled films from anywhere with the hb-1 visa . 
  look how no immigration is going for japan . 
  but at least they are of pure race , right ? 
  it is consistent here , bc my innocuous comments elsewhere do not get down voted . 
  i 'm not taking it personally , it just dampens the spirit of dialogue , which is unfortunate . 
  of course native americans are and should be pissed , but since their situation is not comparable to europe in any way whatsoever , it is not a yes or no question . 
  oh , i did n't realize that europe was being invaded by swarms of humans in numbers vastly higher then the entire populationof the continent . 
  you must literally have billions of people arriving , murdering you , and taking your land . 
  grow up . 
  now why would anyone downvote my prior comments ? 
  they are quite reasonable . 
  obviously i need to make a specific account and use a canadian or eu flair and make the same exact comments . 
  in fact , i 'm going to conduct an experiment , and make almost identical comments on similar posts , and post the difference . 
  so immature . 
  you / u/martelfirst , are a very reasonable person , i wish more were in / r/europe were like you !, 
  willing to have a discussion , so revolutionary . 
  exactly right , the natives here were destroyed when the white man arrived , and really , anyone else is a newcomer . 
  no one else can claim original ownership . 
  they may be more nuts , but i 'm not sure they are more racist . 
  as i said in another comment , the `` birthers '' which are a subset of the tea party , are quite stridently racist . 
  i salute your bravery . 
  redditor for 9 minutes, 
  i hear ya . 
  tell you what , i am not knowledgeable enough to expound at length on the ukip , but i thought it was differentiated from blatant racists like the bnp . 
  as for the tea party , they are a loosely organized group of kooks . 
  there only policy is to help big biz at any cost . 
  they hate poor people , and non-whites are over represesnted in that , so i hear you . 
  the real kooks would be the `` birthers . '', 
  whoa , whoa , i would not lump the tea party movement , nor ukip in with the likes of jobbik and the national front . 
  those are avowed , and proud racists , it is part of their platform . 
  there may be racist nuts in ukip and the tea party , but it is not part of their official platform . 
  jobbik is much , much worse . 
  it is politically incorrect to hate them . 
  sorry , you are stuck with jews and gypsies . 
  jews or gypsies . 
  or both ? 
  unless it is a negative comment about gypsies , bc that is never racist . 
  so brave , so self sufficient . 
  right , we totally did not notice the uk/french agitating in libya , where we ended up doing most of the work . 
  oh , we are part of europe now ? 
  thanks . 
  except italians . 
  very low birthrate . 
  thank you for the engineers , they are very good . 
  aqueducts that still work !, 
  you must be quite the circlejerker . 
  i tip my fedora to you . 
  there are many , many countries where the head of state is appointed by the government , and is not elected . 
  so your argument fails on that premise . 
  secondly , there are many royals who sully their nations with affairs , going elephant hunting during a depression ( spain ) and all other manner of dirtiness that befoul all other human beings , because believe it or not , royalty are just human , like you and me . 
  and royals do pander to donors , their `` donors '' are taxpayers !, 
  so they must go out and perform for the masses . 
  the strongest arguments would be tradition , national pride and national unity . 
  well , i think it has been long enough where i can say this without get downvoted to hell ; fuck the queen of england and every other royal on the planet . 
  biggest bunch of bullshit i 've ever heard , and the fact that `` educated '' people support a monarchy of any type is sickening . 
  you dare disobey the crown ? 
  ah , i conflated `` peers '' with a member of the house of lords . 
  i know there was talk of eliminating the right of any hereditary peers from sitting in the hol when i lived in london in ' 98 . 
  maybe they will get around to it sooner than later . 
  you mind explaining that a little further ? 
  i 've read a little on the 1999 house of lords act , but i 'm not certain how peers are hereditary if they are chosen by other peers . 
  well the good news is that the subsidies systematically destroy agriculture in the poor/developing world , which ends up with tons of migrants trying to get into europe . 
  i can not understand the scottish for the life of me . 
  i 'm not sure if they understand each other . 
  bunburya ? 
  more like burnburya . 
  i thought they eliminated hereditary peers , no ? 
  this is blocked at work but i 'll check it out when i get home . 
  the whole dubbing thing seems crazy to me , i prefer subtitles . 
  how does this one work `` sorry to be a bother , but could you direct me to the nearest post office ? 
  thanks . '', 
  anachronistic as in it is unrwritten . 
  you are a dangerous separatist . 
  is bb dubbed ? 
  i 'm shocked to hear there are more americans than brits in sweden . 
  any idea why ? 
  ( besides our larger population of course ), 
  why would europeans be interested in the letterman show ? 
  sitcoms i get , but most of the topics on a talk show would not really be relevant or interesting to anyone besides the intended audience ( i think ) . 
  this is like the rest of canada having to deal with french for the sake of the quebecois . 
  if your urine is carbonated , i suggest you contact a doctor immediately . 
  brian and stewie speak german ? 
  his accent sounded like rp compared to my friend from newcastle . 
  and my friend from home had family that had moved from scotland to mile end , i really could n't understand them at all ... 
  i dated a girl who lived right by the glorious rock , parque natural pe\u00f1\u00f3n , for many years , late 90s to 2001 . 
  when i visited , there was no beer culture whatsoever . 
  but as a beer enthusiast , i have been seeing stories about the traditionally wine focused countries of italy/spain developing a small beer culture . 
  when i visited ( i was 22 ) i drank gallons of vodka , and her friends were mortified . 
  they said i drink like a sponge , and that i was worse than the english . 
  suppose i did binge drink a bit back then ... 
  lol . 
  i studied on london in the late '90s , and one of the kids in our dorm was this little guy of pakistani descent , who was from bradford . 
  he was nice enough , but it took awhile to get used to his accent . 
  once i could fully understand him , he was always telling stories of driving around with machine guns in his car during riots , burning police cars , ways to scam mobile phone companies and the like .
