  germanwings had a big hit in france . 
  our interests will still align , but we are going to be increasingly dealing with china in the south china sea . 
  when the us ramps down defense in europe , maybe some kind of superstate will happen then . 
  denmark and the netherlands will always be our most important continental allies because of your geographic location , and important to international trade . 
  so we 'll still be friends with you no matter what . 
  everyone else ? 
  official language do n't mean much , there are nations that have an official language for very few speakers . 
  look at spain , a lot of the catalonia separatism is based on language/identity , even though they all speak spanish . 
  polish and lithuanians fight about the letter w. greece does n't even use the roman alphabet . 
  how can people empathize/identify with people they ca n't speak to ? 
  i 'm sure it did not help relations between germany and greece over the bailouts . 
  language is huge . 
  if english became lingua franca for the majority of europeans , then things can move forward . 
  a large navy ( i.e. 
  the american navy ) is more for safeguarding trade than anything else . 
  which is why you are very good friends with the nation with the biggest navy . 
  my family has not moved more than 40 miles in 120 years :-( not so rare here in nyc, 
  yes , but we all speak the same language , and more or less have the same culture . 
  language is the big thing . 
  i can move anywhere in the country without worrying about it . 
  that is kind of strange . 
  would n't it increase the value to clean the exterior up ? 
  awesome, 
  is the venison wild ? 
  kill it yourself ? 
  * hugs *, 
  at least he is n't combusting trees like a barbarian . 
  i spent christmas in london with a scottish family years ago , and they smoked joints right in front of 7 year old kids . 
  a tradition that spans cultures !, 
  here is an article on the new buildings in nyc : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/22/nyregion/developers-of-manhattan-spires-look-past-1000-foot-neighbors.html?_r=0, 
  that sounds amazing . 
  i made a pot roast ( beef stew , but the meat is not cut into chunks ) with a brown ale last weekend . 
  really good !, 
  deglazed the pan with burgundy wine , so a hint of that as well . 
  no beer ? 
  you get high on passover ? 
  man , my inlaws are so boring , we just get drunk . 
  the suicide rate makes a little more sense to me now . 
  ivan , you just of put carpet on wall , no noise , much warm . 
  the towers with the observation deck is impressively hideous . 
  `` let 's make my ak iridescent !, 
  complements my camo perfectly ! '', 
   putting up black flags when we have celebrated national uprising against nazi occupation during ww2 umm , does n't that really piss people off ? 
  so krokodil ? 
   `` the reaction of [ the ] community is shock . 
  people are shocked it could happen in [ a ] city and nobody believed it could happen here but it happened somehow , '' community activist igor nechayev told the jerusalem post by phone monday . 
  yes , this is unprecedented in europe . 
  someone buy this man a history book . 
  i 've had a number of german redditors comment to me that / r/sweden is a sub full of nazis ... 
  for every 1 person offended by `` merry christmas , '' 10 are offended by `` happy holidays . '', 
  keep christ in christmas brah . 
  that 's polish , no ? 
  nyc has a fair bit of swedish food . 
  it 's really good . 
  all kinds of great sauces . 
  i also had my only fish main course of my life at a swedish cafe near my office . 
  smoked salmon with some kind of cream sauce , capers , and i think onions . 
  it was awesome . 
  no one is offended for real . 
  if you market `` happy holidays , '' you can sell that product to more than just christians . 
  and it works . 
  my wife and i are ( 100 % secular ) jews . 
  we exchange christmas gifts with our equally secular bosnian muslim friends . 
  wow , that is quite a mess !!!, 
  seems insane to me with so much demand . 
  sort of like this maybe ? 
  http://www.josephpelllombardi.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/314w711.jpg or these : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/georgian_homes,_philadelphia.jpg, 
  arbitrary height restrictions is easy enough in theory . 
  if there is such a shortage ( and according to / r/ireland there is ) , how could it not be profitable ? 
  unless they are too short to be profitable bc of said regulations . 
  on my brief visit , it seemed like there are plenty of places in/around dublin to build hi-rises without destroying historic buildings . 
  would you agree ? 
  some of these buildings have hundreds of apartments . 
  it 's way more efficient than 3 story houses . 
  in manhattan they can now build 80-100 story buildings on tiny plots . 
  might not be the case elsewhere . 
  leave historic city centers the way they are , but outside of that core , allow hi rise residential buildings . 
  they all knew . 
  i used to work for a law firm that represented some of the detainees . 
  many of the nations that now put up the biggest show of complaining , helped the us capture these people on their own soil . 
  us average is around $ 30k . 
  it was n't stupidity , it was a conspiracy that used stupidity as cover . 
  there were plans for iraq before 9/11 . 
  the entire intelligence community was aware of the renditions . 
  it 's just talk for the voters . 
  no one has ever done anything about it . 
  the irish are super friendly , and will talk to everyone they see . 
  they also have amazing customer service for everything . 
  the english are a little more standoffish , maybe a bit nordic in a way . 
  i have english friends , i do not dislike english people , i just think the irish are so welcoming . 
  and that matches american culture . 
  no one is declaring trade war . 
  as of now , china is pretty horrible with manipulating its currency , but since they added the yuan to the imf basket of currencies , that should subside somewhat . 
  personally i think that china is going to be in for a rough ride as automation advances . 
  a lot of companies are now `` onshoring '' in the us , which means hiring 10 people to oversee a factory of robots that are doing the jobs of 1000 chinese workers . 
  as long as the currency becomes a free floating unit that is internationally convertible , i think the trade war stuff will subside . 
  well it 's a personal thing , not scientific . 
  their culture is so similiar to ours that i literally felt that i was home . 
  not to mention that it 's an english speaking nation . 
  i have lived in the uk for a period of time , would not put it on my list .
