  it 's the eastern euros who get shit . 
   i 'm sure it 'll be fine , not as if they can spot that you 're jewish at first sight , right ? 
  : - nope , no one can tell i have a jewish background , which has led me to hear some very interesting comments . 
  in the semester i studied in london , and my time travelling europe , which tiotals less than a year , i 've heard more jewish comments than the other 39 years of my life . 
  and the worst jewish comments i heard here in the us was by some swiss guy who decided to talk about how arrogant jews are . 
  now look how low you are setting the bar : `` except with some arabs unfortunately . '', 
  in this country muslims and jews live in the same neighborhood and get along . 
  if there is an attack against one group , both groups support each other against it . 
  and then of course you have your right wing people , and just old anti-semitism . 
  probably not much of that in the netherlands , but as this poll shows , it exists in other places . 
  hell , look at le pen . 
  welp , you got that exactly right . 
  the most telling thing about the election was how many people in battleground states that voted for obama twice , then voted for trump . 
  we 'll see what happens as more and more of his promises do not materialize . 
  my husband will only let me have one :-(, 
  that would be awesome , though i 'm not sure my wife would approve . 
  so they would like me for being american , but not like me for being jewish . 
  well , better than most of europe i guess . 
  yes you do . 
  look at every poll , everyone likes you . 
  you do n't like yourselves , but everyone likes you . 
  what would our ranking be if we gave you visas ? 
   honestly as a czech i ca n't find reason why should anyone like us maybe you are fishing for compliments , but everyone loves prague , you manufacture quality small arms , make great pilsner , and have gorgeous women . 
  that 's just off the top of my head , and i 've never even been there . 
  my brother 's wife has a czech background and sucks , so there is that . 
  probably has nothing to do with your country though . 
  did n't the croatian side of mostar raise a racket when bosnia lost a match to some random team ? 
  i was in full fledged panic mode when trump was elected , but he has reversed him self on so many things so far . 
  he is being wrangled in by the goldman sachs wing of the r party . 
  i do n't think he is going to be making a permanent change to the world . 
  [ looks a lot like upstate ny ] ( https://trailtodd.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/img_0979.jpg ), 
   but there has been fierce opposition to this eu-only solution by germany in particular , which i honestly can not understand . 
  it does n't even make political sense . 
  apparently it is viewed as a moral issue in germany . 
  yeah , this brand had no burn , bit i might be an alchy . 
  edit : the brand was maraska . 
  as i told that driver , if i was cia , do you think i 'd tell you ? 
  i knew one of you were going to point that out . 
  maybe you did it to me before . 
  i 'm too poor for ruffles anyway . 
  then ya best avoid the zagreb funicular . 
  excuse me , those are built in california . 
  i curse you every summer when i 'm on the 45 degree subway platform in a tie . 
  had a very interesting vacation there , great time , went to split ( diocletian 's place is amazing ) , hvar and zagreb . 
  the people were very nice and most people spoke english well , and everyone spoke basic english . 
  the food was amazing , had a lightly grilled octopus that was caught a few minutes earlier by a family on a tiny island near hvar we happened upon in our 4hp rowboat . 
  then they gave us a shot of rakija too , very nice , and our meal cost almost nothing . 
  the booze is so cheap there !, 
  the adriatic is so clean and clear , blew me away . 
  oh , a cab driver asked if i was cia , lol . 
  and lastly , every year at the passover seder , my wife 's family does shots of slivovitz from croatia . 
  forgot the brand name , it 's very good . 
  sometime the homemade stuff can be a bit scary . 
  time to buy a fez, 
  his body gaurds . 
  we 're doomed !, 
  i 'm not trying to downplay how stupid the invasion of iraq qa , and it certainly made everything far , fr worse than it had to be , but the borders were drawn up on the di use and conquer basis . 
  they were designed to be unstable . 
  look at the ira/iraq war ( which we made worse of course ) . 
  he was being sarcastic , not an asshole . 
  same in nyc . 
  i admit i give dirty looks to people who do this, 
  have you been to nyc and london ? 
  how do they compare ? 
  i heard they think you are almost as bad as americans . 
  erdo said that ??? 
  but but german engineering . 
  they created it with sykes-picot, 
  fuck no, 
  their not austrian . 
  bring it, 
  hawt, 
  i 'm pretty surprised to hear this . 
  you could move here and be american in no time , but i guess for counties like us and canada , it 's different . 
  yes he could have , we have plenty of dual citizens here , and besides nazis complaining about jews having israeli citizenship , it is n't an issue . 
  i actually know a ton of dual italian-american citizens , and i work with one who had the option , but her italian pops is now a super american patriot , and said it would be disloyal for her to get dual citizenship . 
  the guy who refuses to get american citizenship met mussolini when he was little , and it had an effect on him ... 
  well , we are comparing two different pieces of shit . 
  but i have friends who live in a deprived area of the uk , and they told stories of poles and romanians being harassed and beaten . 
  when i visited belfast , the first thing a cab driver told me was `` watch out for the romanians . '', 
  just seems more widespread hate of more people among brexiteers than your avg trumper . 
  i think the trumpers would be more than happy to have polish immigrants here . 
  trumpers do complain about illegals , and i do think there are valid complaints over hb-1 visas . 
  we get the best turks , tremendous . 
  i 'm sure that is part of it , but we have kind of strict system that favors qualified people . 
  because we get awesome immigrants . 
  i love when i hear stories from my american-greek friends visiting the `` homeland . '', 
  `` why do you pay your taxes in america , you are n't smart enough to get out of it , are you ? 
  i do n't pay any taxes . '', 
  and then a big lecture on american politics . 
  it 's like a morbidly obese person giving diet tips to a fit person . 
  reminds me of my friend 's 87 y/o mussolini loving italian father who moved to the us in the '50s , but refused to get american citizenship because `` italy is the greatest country on earth , i am a proud italian . '', 
  after that description , it 's obvious that such a food belongs on a pizza . 
  dafuq is wrong with you !, 
  never thought i 'd defend trumpets in even a minor way , but they are demonizing illegal immigrants , and all for legal immigrants ( as long as they are n't muslim ) . 
  wrong . 
  texas has the right to subdivide , not to secede . 
  well , if people want to proceed legally and peacefully , they have that right . 
  you are aware that the way things work now , a state can not leave , there is no process . 
  constitution has to be amended , that 's the only peaceful route .
