  honestly , is this your argument ? 
  i know it has n't happened yet . 
  cameron announced it , he is elected . 
  what am i missing ? 
  you replied to someone else is a nice manner , you did n't answer me . 
  internet or not , there were no pesky americans around back then . 
  americans may have a bit more of an attitude in this sub ( i know i do ) because it turns into a ridiculous cirlcejerk . 
  do you not understand the irony of using an american website , developed by americans , to complain on an article about american domination of the internet to each other in english ? 
  i mean it is just mindblowing . 
  if the comments here were prefaced of some kind of recognition of that , they would be far more credible . 
  the anti-americanism here is ridiculous , so of course we are going to defend ourselves . 
  i mean people complaining all over that we do n't use the metric system1 ?!?!? 
  did i miss the was where we went over there and blew up the metric system and made you guys use imperial ? 
  how is that even a concern ? 
  i might as well start complaining that to americans that you guys use a different voltage then us and it sucks . 
  do you have any idea how idiotic it makes you look to argue about that ? 
  i honest to god ca n't believe that people are complaining about how we measure our highways !, 
  lack of intellectual curiosity , the true sign of the self absorbed european . 
  feel free to leave the site , seriously . 
  it is too american . 
  i 'm sure there are some wonderful places on these here itnertubes you can go to . 
  i 'm sure the fact that this site uses english has nothing to do with its americentric leanings . 
  honeslty , i 'm just embarrassed for you now . 
  it is virtually impossible for a european to be downvoted in an argument with an american in this sub . 
  hang in there bro . 
  things were better in soviet times , when you didn ; t have to deal with all these ` muricans . 
  european neckbeards are the best neckbeards in the world . 
  i love you man . 
  such as klingon . 
  are you talking about the nasa thing ? 
  that is correct . 
  you get to keep your number , but when your contract is up , you get a big discount to buy a new phone . 
  you are not required to however . 
  i love my razr maxx , so i will probably just keep it when it is time to renew . 
  i honestly ca n't belive this would even be upvoted . 
  oh wait , i 'm in / r/europe , a bigger circlejerk than / r/circlejerkrebooted . 
  except for student debt . 
  with regard to that , we are terrible . 
  i think the right to make stupid decisions should be taken away , i wish my government would protect me from making stupid decisions , such as watching porn . 
  dear jesus , metric used for science , just not highway signs . 
  edit : a word . 
  i see . 
  i know in spain the personal debt laws are crazy . 
  you can never discharge you mortgage if you are unable to pay . 
  i am well aware of that . 
  it makes the delicious irony that they are american bashing in the comments on an article about american dominance of the internet on an american website in english , even sweeter !, 
  they ca n't even complain about us to each other on a european website . 
  it is an unfathomable lack of self awareness . 
  ah yes , a brit being upset about what someone else does that has nothing to do with him . 
  it must mortify you that i watch porn !, 
  that is our problem , not your problem , it has nothing to do with you . 
  pathetic . 
  what disgusting grovelling . 
  why does it offend anyone with what we use to measure things ? 
  why would you care ? 
  criminalized bankruptcy ? 
  how does that work ? 
  debtors prison ? 
  this is n't common in europe ? 
  if it was just for the queen and a few residences , i think that would largely be inline witch what a presidency would cost . 
  however these guys get cash too : prince henrik 7.6 million dkk , princess benedikte 1.1 mil. , crown prince frederik 18.7 million . 
  aud and prince joachim 3.3 million kroner . 
  also prince joachim 's former wife , countess alexandra receive annuities from the state - a total of 2.1 million . 
  you also get count ingolf 1.5 million kroner . 
  neither alexandra or the count is in the order of succession to the danish throne . 
  taxpayers are paying alimony to an ex-wife who is not in the order of succession , come on !, 
  obviously i am not telling any danes what to do , and there has always been close and warm ties between denmark and the united states . 
  i , and many americans very much admire the bravery of king christian x , who resisted the nazis and their orders to round up the jews , as well as encouraging their escape to your country . 
  i also very much admire king gustaf of sweden who public stated that he would accept the jews . 
  so please understand where i am coming from . 
  these people were the bright spots in a dark and evil time , full of collaborators and war profiteers . 
  but it does n't mean that i am not permitted to discuss the pros and cons of the monarchy . 
  i would agree that it would be insane for the eu to order countries to do away with the monarchies . 
  comparing income numbers with a huge country like the us and a small country like denmark is useless . 
  there are 5.58 m people in the whole country , and only 390,000 of them of from a non-western background . 
  so you have a small , homogeneous white country . 
  i '' m sure it is a great place to live . 
  i live in nyc , which has 8.5 m people , 36 % of which are foreign born . 
  just to give you and idea of how populous the nyc metro is , it has only 3m less people than the entire population of all the nordic countries combined ( 22m vs. 25m ) this is an area that is a 1.5 drive circle around nyc , 11.5 k sq miles , vs. 1,352,022 sq mi for the nordic countries . 
  so there is not much of a point in comparing them . 
  to reiterate , i 'm not telling them what to do , but i think it would be worthy of a discussion about why they pay princes and princesses so much money . 
  they may want to keep a pared down constitutional monarchy , i would think this conversation would be far more urgent in spain , where the country is economically crippled and mired in severe austerity . 
  i 'm so self aware it hurts . 
  so lets talk about the sums paid to the royals , they are a bit much , no ? 
  i allow myself to insult a redditor who acts arrogant every few months . 
  go ahead , look through my history , you will not find any insults for many , many pages . 
  you should not feel honored . 
  i obviously these palaces will not go away , but at least the costs of maintaining the royal households would be drastically reduced . 
  they could also be opened full time as museums for the public . 
  there are many , many more palaces than are needed to greet heads of state or hold official functions . 
  the prince has his own house , how is that necessary for the state ? 
  here are the properties i was able to find : http://www.royalinsight.net/content/danish-monarchy-royal-residences http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_danish_royal_residences i 'd love to hear your justification of the sums paid to royalty : in denmark receives ruler and members of the royal family apanage under the constitution \u00a7 \u00a7 10 and 11 , and also referred to the royal civil list or simply civil list . 
  the grant will make it possible for the head of state to perform the special representative duties imposed ruler , and to defend the internal maintenance of the royal palaces . 
  apanagens shall be determined by parliament , specifically in the danish queen margrethe ii 's civil list from 1972 [ 2 ] ( as amended in 2001 [ 3 ] . 
  this law also specifies the mansions and castles that fall within the `` civil list '' : amalienborg the yellow mansion part of christiansborg palace fredensborg palace sorgenfri palace gr\u00e5sten castle hunting lodge hermitage amaliegade 18 ( the yellow mansion ) the royal family receives about 98 million . 
  million from the state . 
  queen margrethe receive 76 million . 
  lion in apanage , which gets prince henrik 7.6 million dkk ( 10 % ) and princess benedikte 1.1 million . 
  aud ( 1.5 % ) . 
  in addition receives crown prince frederik 18.7 million .
