  the serbian government did not direct the assassination , and it 's doubtful that they could have stopped it . 
  the black hand killed people in serbia as well . 
  i also recommend the sleepwalkers , really goes in depth on this issue . 
  i find this attitude of forgetting very concerning . 
  on the other hand , the holocaust does n't mean you have to resettle the entire me in your country . 
  they were n't checked by the government . 
  a university or nonprofit was doing a study , and could n't figure out what was going on . 
  i think they are checking everyone else now though . 
  collective punishment ... 
  yeah , the max is very rare . 
  the bp deal is the closest thing i can think to this , might be worth looking at if you are curious . 
  here is a timeline , including how they are caught . 
  i think the pic of the jetta wagon is great , shows you how the cars were marketed here : https://www.cars.com/articles/vw-diesel-crisis-timeline-of-events-1420681251993/, 
  price of the car has nothing to do with the fine , it 's about the harm done to human health . 
  i 'm sure that reasonable payment terms would be granted . 
  the thing that is going to be so bad for vw is that they kept lying after the epa approached them . 
  they even did a half-assed `` fix '' recall . 
   chrysler recalled eleven million cars and had to rebuy half a million . 
  it seems pollution is more fine-worthy than life-threatening ignition locks - the vws in question total 500k in the us . 
  that cost chrysler about $ 105m , and it could be more . 
  but yes , in this country ( contrary to popular internet belief ) illegally polluting is very , very expensive . 
  for example , bp could have been forced to pay $ 4300 for every barrel that went into the ocean in the gulf of mexico . 
  that is because pollution directly injures large amounts of people indirectly , and not all of them would be able to sue or prove injury . 
  how do i prove vw made my asthma worse ? 
  with the safety defects , if you are injured , you are going to get millions because you can prove injury . 
  i 'd need to do some more research , but i 'm guessing nox emissions are heavily penalized because they directly and immediately injure people . 
   can you link me that law ? 
  it 's an epa ( environmental protection agency ) regulation . 
  http://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/22/what-you-need-to-know-about-the-volkswagen-scandal.html the allegations were made by the u.s. environmental protection agency on sept. 18 , after independent researchers raised questions about emissions levels , prompting government agencies to investigate further . 
   i am aware that they are critical , however i doubt that obama or his administration will be the person responsible for setting the fine . 
  wrong . 
  the epa is an executive agency , under the control of the obama administration . 
  it will largely be handled out of court , but if vw thinks the epa is being unfair/acting illegally , they can sue to have a judge declare the action void . 
  that is pretty tough to do . 
  i believe the fine would be $ 38k per vehicle . 
  all the prior examples of cheating were quite limited , so when then wrote this legislation , i doubt they even considered a company doing it in such a huge way . 
  the obama administration has been very critical of how the eu deals with us tech companies , so i would n't doubt that he would use this to give a european company a hard time ( even though it is earned ) . 
  the heavy duty diesel situation was almost identical to the vw violations , though it involved much fewer vehicles . 
  the other auto examples were situational and pretty limited . 
  so it 's not the first time this has ever happened , just by far the biggest example of it . 
  what other company employed a defeat device ? 
  he 's the one making sense here . 
  it 's almost as if there are different connotations and usages of the same word in different places on earth . 
  maybe we need someone to tell ted cruz that when he calls sanders a liberal , he is doing it wrong . 
  yet on the perfectly paved , wide motorways , you go below the limit . 
  why ? 
  the bus drivers in ireland have serious skills . 
  i was very impressed . 
  seattle has the slowest , most polite drivers in the country . 
  i got a ticket for 70 in a 60 . 
  wtf, 
  i downloaded an ireland map for my gps , one road turned into deep mud behind people 's houses . 
  by some miracle i did n't get stuck . 
  i do n't know , i felt that rome had a lot of energy to it , like nyc . 
  i liked it a lot . 
  lived in london , and liked it as well , but did n't feel that energy to it . 
  you drive on the left , besides when the road gets so narrow that shrubs are hitting your mirrors on both sides . 
  crazy . 
  rome is n't exactly quiet either . 
  was there this summer , can confirm it 's heaven ( though personally i think donegal is heaven + + ) . 
  i 'm an idiot , i missed the `` just a few kilometres between the two of their biggest cities '' part . 
  note to self - do not reddit b4 coffee . 
  there are plenty of 2 lane parkways ( saw mill , bx river , hutch , etc. ), 
  i you walk more than 10 feet in atlanta in the summer , you will be drenched in sweat . 
  they are n't big on walking down there . 
  what jobs are in the middle of the forest ? 
  there are massive amounts of co2 being produced by ships , cows , industry , etc. 
  the increase from going from diesel to petrol is basically a drop in the bucket when thinking globally . 
  electric cars are developing very , very rapidly . 
  it would be a better idea to focus on renewable sources of electricity at this point to power those cars . 
  people with emphysema , asthma , etc. 
  are getting very ill right now from diesel emissions , it 's not a good thing . 
  i had a ford fiesta which got 41mpg full of luggage and 4 people , it 's not far off from a hybrid at all , but i have no problem with anyone who wants a hybrid . 
  just about every big city has too many people , it is n't realistic for that to change . 
  and that is where we learned it from . 
  i rented a renault diesel in ireland this summer , it had decent torque for a tiny engine , i 'll give you that . 
  but diesel puts out so much nox and particulates that really injure people 's health directly . 
  that is why many european cities have smog issues . 
  i do n't have time to link it now , but studies have shown that the smog/low air quality causes massive harm to human health . 
  using high efficiency petrol hybrids while working on electric/hydrogen , etc. 
  is a better approach . 
  the age of the internal combustion engine is ending , might as well breathe better until it is gone . 
  this is also true of denmark . 
  you and them are our continental bffs . 
  fifa was an inside job . 
  rivals in classical manufacturing , but not in technology , or in strategic matters . 
  the promotion of diesel in europe was a massive mistake . 
   civilized people think that certain aspects of life should be treated as universal rights . 
  this is n't the train of legal thought in the uk . 
  they do not have a bill of rights , or a written constitution . 
  everything is in the hands of parliament . 
  i know people in the uk who are only in favor of the eu because the charter of rights theoretically protects them . 
  that 's pretty damn stupid . 
  there is still money for strasbourg . 
  racists !, 
  that is ridiculous . 
  it was obvious by '39 that the nazis did not like the jews . 
  you honestly believe they would welcome them ? 
  how does one look leftist ? 
  where will you be departing to ?
