  sunshine is the best disinfectant !, 
  but as far as official action goes , i think it 's extremely important that discriminatory intent is not tolerated . 
  people can say all they want , but using neutral language to infringe on a specific group 's rights is not tolerable . 
   say what you want about us alt-right and white supremacists ( they 're insane !, 
  ) , but at least those guys have the courage of their convictions . 
  they also have no risk of prosecution for offensive comments , like the french mayor in the south of france who said there were too many muslims in his city . 
  there is no need for subterfuge from them . 
  additionally , when it comes to policy maker 's motives , if a facially neutral policy/law clearly discriminates against a group , it will be held as unconstitutional , as it was with trump 's travel bans . 
  it 's amusing . 
  i 'm going to open a beer and currywurst spot called barlin . 
  thx for the idea . 
  i have a lot of friends in finance , who are in london all the time . 
  not much of a difference between work culture/behavior , besides the fact that british understatement sometimes escapes americans . 
  that was a bit harsh . 
  i 've been there !, 
  i ca n't believe i 'm defending a trump , but that may be why she had suck a poor answer to the question . 
  you are n't obligated to join the erm ? 
  i thought denmark was the only country not obligated . 
  you are violating a treaty by ignoring this obligation , and you are not acting in tbe spirit of `` ever closer union . '', 
  that 's obviously an easy question , but the answer that got the boos was whe.n she said that her dad was a champion of families . 
  there has n't been a `` first daughter '' before , i wonder how the invitation addressed her ... , in what capacity . 
  not very brotherly of sweden . 
  this is very disrespectful to the romans . 
  why do n't the swedes have the euro ? 
  are n't they obligated ? 
  swexit time motherfucker !, 
   `` airbus would be well advised not to fall back into past mistakes and to contribute to the clearing of the allegations with more seriousness and less emotion , '' he added . 
  burn !!, 
  monarchists terrify me . 
  i 'll try to find some examples , but i 'm referring mainly to tv media calling the trip a failure . 
  that literally happened . 
  he spoke to the canadians and mexicans , and now wants to renegotiate . 
  do n't make me show you my back/ass . 
  ivanka got abused in the press so bad from that trip , hopefully daddy wo n't send her anywhere again . 
  edit : daddy did n't send her , merkel invited her . 
  that 's why i find it ironic !!, 
  he sounds like a flag , maybe you should hang him from a pole . 
  because being born into a special status with immense wealth is the opposite of egalitarianism . 
  if being hairy is royal , i 'm the fucking galactic emperor . 
  i did n't want to sleep tonight anyway . 
  i find it ironic that people who believe in low wealth inequality and egalitarianism are supporting a hereditary monarch . 
  thanks for taking the time to answer !, 
  i do n't know , charles might have you thrown in the tower . 
  ah , makes sense !, 
  thanks , we do n't really get very in depth coverage on the supporters of the various populist politicians , which is obviously a huge part of the story . 
  username checks out . 
  god is a silly fella , starves children in africa , and gives this man a cape . 
  there are a number of replies in this thread that show the uk monarchy does have some power , and more than the continental monarchies . 
  yeah , just like over here . 
  interesting . 
  i would have thought that nationalists would like the monarchy , but maybe the wilders crew are not your run of the mill nationalists . 
  liz is great , william and harry seem great , there is just a problem in the middle of them . 
  it 's going to be so interesting . 
  i liked the one with the german doctor , scary !!, 
  looks like a sensible fellow , i 'm much less triggered . 
  so charles might end up being an adventure with these powers . 
  no , just the visual aspect ... probably less triggering if he was just in a suit . 
  could you explain further ? 
  left/social democrats are bigger supporters of monarchy than more market oriented people ( generally speaking of course ) ? 
  yes , not voting for him the next time , and he is limited to two terms . 
  a bit different , no ? 
  what do the wilders supporters think of the monarchy ? 
  why ? 
  the tire industry in japan is prolific , i do n't think they need any inducements to increase production . 
   maybe not for outsiders , but for us he fulfills the same role as the british queen . 
  that is n't going to sway too many irish redditors . 
  the funny bit to me is that a lot of these monarchists are social democrats . 
  we 'd be slightly less triggered if he was n't wearing a cape , sash and medals . 
  can you unelect them ? 
  does the king have to raise his hand to take the oath ? 
  well , you ca n't have a filthy commoner making decisions without royal advisement , can you ? 
  just like blasphemy was n't enforced much in denmark , and then that fella burnt a koran . 
  i ca n't speak to the dutch , but in the uk it appears that the pm and queen discuss matters of importance . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/13/europe/queen-elizabeth-prime-ministers/ i 'd think that she has some influence , though many brits are fine with that . 
  i randomly read an article yesterday about dutch engineers who drained the isle of dogs in the thames in the 1500s . 
  you have been at this for awhile . 
  not going to lie , this is n't much different than the semi-rural area i grew up in . 
  maybe that 's why i felt at home . 
  as a person who grew up in a small town , i get where they are coming from . 
  well , i know it 's the drunk driving capital of ireland ... what type of madness are we talking about ? 
  really ? 
  seemed like nice enough people to me ... 
  i will never not upvote anything donegal related . 
  if you have n't been there , you are missing one of the most beautiful places on earth . 
  trump has already rolled over for china . 
  his campaign was just marketing for the most part , he is n't going to follow through with policy . 
  i think a lot of people are aware of how deep rooted anti-semitism in europe is . 
  nope , i 've never been to austria at all . 
  i might be a bit conflicted , though in reality , it was to our benefit that the family left europe . 
  sometimes i do get curious about what my family was doing over there . 
  man , i was hoping for some super dirty story . 
  us and uk had soldiers captured ? 
  uh , how did you see it ? 
  oh wow , i missed that . 
  they are n't doing that on this story , besides a random mention here or there about macron marrying his teacher . 
  edit : i misread ops comment , he was talking about the relationship . 
  whoop . 
  that 's how many people are on the island of manhattan in tbe middle of the work day . 
  crazy . 
  but then we would n't have the term `` dutch disease '' in english .
