  the jerk was not limited to americans , was also directed at australians and finns , and a few others . 
  i 'm not aware of any american state laws requiring adults to wear helmets on bicycles , and many states do not require motorcyclists to wear helmets . 
  looking on this now , it appears to really be folks from the netherlands defending a distinct and central aspect of their culture and identity , i.e. 
  bicycling . 
  this is not unlike some americans and gun culture . 
  so this jerk was `` you nazis are are n't going to make me wear a helmet ! '', 
  analogous to the `` you socialist motherfuckers are n't going to take my guns ! '', 
  so that got turned into `` helmets are worthless , '' which is the analogous to `` everyone should own automatic weapons . '', 
  analogous in terms of logic , otherwise not similar at all . 
  to me this is a bit confusing , because i often see a strong western european penchant for regulating for consumer rights and for safety regulations . 
  but when it comes to a nations culture , i suppose that is overridden . 
  it reminds me of my friend italian cousin who lived here ( nyc ) for three months . 
  she loved that mayor bloomberg was trying to ban large sodas , because of fat people . 
  ten minutes later we go to a bar , where she finds out you are not allowed to smoke inside . 
  `` what kind of police state it this !!, 
  you are supposed to be free here ?!?!? '', 
  she was pretty pissed . 
  yet she could not see the contradiction she just made . 
  anyway , culture , bias and emotion wins over logic for most humans most of the time . 
  considering that you made a completely innocuous comment , i probably should n't have n't replied . 
  i just see some stupidity in this thread . 
  he does , he flies somewhere by airforce one . 
  gets out , gets in the helicopter , flies closer to the destination , lands and gets in the motorcade . 
  i used to work in the building next to the helipad in downtown nyc . 
  it was a crazy operation . 
  i 've also be waved to by every president since clinton on 1st ave. 
  so exciting . 
  trying sitting in a packed , stopped subway for an hour with broken ac b/c the president was going to the un . 
  you had to sit in your car with ac ? 
  aww, 
  eh , i hear you . 
  just some jerks in the thread jerking . 
  i 'm not for laws requiring adults to wear helmets , but i hardly think we should mock them either . 
  you should see the tourists who rent bikes here in nyc . 
  they think taxis will stop for them . 
  lol . 
  and they ride on the sidewalk . 
  i 'm going to punch some of them this summer . 
  because both are on our speedometer . 
  that being said , i love that topgear uses imperial . 
  that is what reddit is all about . 
  pontificating on speculation . 
  itt : `` you are horrible fascists who should be kicked out of the eu '', 
  i never , ever had one as a kid , because it was the 80s , and no one wore them . 
  two years ago i was on my road bicycle , the tire went into a groove , i flipped and broke my arms . 
  i just kind of rolled on my helmet , it barely got scuffed . 
  might have hurt otherwise . 
  but the point is , what is the cost of wearing a helmet ? 
  i 'm sure that is technically correct , it is still stupid not to wear helmet . 
  what is the cost , messed up hair ? 
  that is very disappointing to hear . 
  ah , i appreciate that . 
  do you mind if i ask what the strong opinions on the jews are ? 
  i always find the perceptions of different groups ( especially minorities ) in different countries of europe to be quite interesting . 
   from the other hand it 's strange to hate someone because of xvii century history . 
  the serbs are angry about things from before then ... 
  how would their image compare to that of the jews ? 
  i would n't be too sure of that argument . 
  in 1910 norman angell wrote a book called `` the great illusion , '' where he argued that economic interdependence between the countries of western europe had made war futile , and thus it would be avoided . 
  then 1914 happened . 
  if only submissions to / r/all were possible . 
  you 'll be all over / r/subredditdrama i bet . 
  edit : this post is on it already . 
  no , no it wo n't . 
  maybe you should formally announce it or something . 
  shit just got real . 
  yeah , it probably is n't productive , but you are kind of a pussy . 
  or , create an alt account with eu flair , and watch the upvotes roll in . 
  i did that for a little bit . 
   maybe its because reddit 's user base is skewed towards a younger demographic yes , i believe that is the majority of the issue . 
  they may also be people who have not had the opportunity to travel . 
  i rant at these types frequently . 
  unlike polandball , you do not wear your flair here . 
  everyone knows you are american already , you would probably only get 5 more downvotes per comment . 
  flair up homey !, 
  he is my favorite kind of american . 
  `` oh glorious europeans !, 
  exalted ones !, 
  tell me how filthy i am !!, 
  i will eat my own feces for you ! '', 
  not to say that we all do n't have misconceptions . 
  when i left to study abroad in the uk , i was all prepared for the queens english , high tea and good manners all around . 
  i suppose there was some of that , but it was mostly 15 year olds puking in street at 11pm and `` oy mate , whats with all them jews and irish ya got in nyc . '', 
  you need to visit some banlieues , the ones the police are scared to go to . 
  and barcelona is the pickpocket capital of the world , is n't it ? 
  i have no clue what you are getting at . 
   finland is protected by membership to the eu what would the eu do ? 
  we had this little thing called the pacific theater to take care of first . 
  did you not see him cuddling the baby tiger ? 
   do n't know why you 're downvoted because / r/europe . 
  converting to christianity would go a lot further . 
  your eu brothers love you !, 
  no need to apologize . 
  thanks for all the insight . 
   russia was n't the reason to abandon nuclear energy . 
  i know that , i was asking if russia was a reason to go back to it . 
  looks like a huge amount of lng for export will be coming online in the next few years , so there is that . 
  will be interesting to see what that does to russia , as there is the theory out there that the ussr collapsed in large part to dropping oil prices . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but germany has a very `` complicated '' history with regard to military matters , and there is understandably a lot of resistance to the use of force or discussion thereof . 
  do you think that is is being used as a fig leaf in an attempt to disguise economic motives ?
