  sooo , do you guys help each other with anything ? 
  what is the point ? 
  true , maybe i can ask in / r/poland to see how they really feel . 
  what prompted me to post this was a lithuanian and polish redditors fighting over who had the right to certain territory , and the polish minority in lithuania . 
  the we 're really going at it , and a poll said a large percentage of lithuanians think poland is a hostile nation . 
  yet both are in the eu and nato . 
  i do n't understand , i thought europe wants to be self sufficient , or at least appear to be so . 
  they made a request via nato , but the nato countries next door ca n't he bothered ? 
  even if you think it is just panic , they went through the proper channels . 
  i feel like germany would never let that happen . 
  then again if you to / r/polandball , i 'm sure you are aware of the reichtangle . 
  so why are n't you moving your troops to poland ? 
  poland requested nato troops . 
  apparently not , i thought there was a mutual defense aspect . 
  i appreciate that info . 
  i always see comments about `` german tanks in poland again . '', 
  was n't sure if that was legit or not . 
   yeah , that is n't happening . 
  maybe you missed that part . 
  you guys have to deal with all the migrant boats , right ? 
  is there an eu taskforce helping out ? 
  oh i get that , i 'm talking about the defense of the eu , not offensive wars . 
  i 'd be shocked if an eu force ever would wage an offensive war . 
  yeah , i 'm mostly addressing threats from the east . 
  there are certain aspects that are military : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_foreign_and_security_policy but i suppose nato is still the primary body for defense . 
  but how do you have a union with shared regulations , governmental bodies , shared currency , so on and so forth , and not act when a member of that union is under threat ? 
  a union like that does n't last long . 
  i assume the uk will be out of it soon . 
   you have a military first policy to subjugate the whole world , while power keep going out in rural areas and half the roads are crumbling away . 
  this is what i would like to change . 
  though i do n't think it 's going to be military spending that does us in , it 's personal debt , more specifically school loans . 
  people are graduating into debt serfdom and wo n't ever buy a house , or a car anything , and deflation will take over . 
  i worked as an attorney in almost every aspect of the financial collapse you can think of . 
  all the scandals . 
  i was so sure we were going to implode , i was 5 minutes away from building a bunker with canned food and ammo . 
  and i got out of the market . 
  but i underestimated the almighty power of the fed and the power of issuing the reserve currency . 
  we can fall back on that our country slowly grinds down , i do n't see a revolution breaking out . 
  i know exactly how bad it is in spain , my friend moved to barcelona , and married a catalan woman . 
  she insisted they move back here over his objections , because she literally believes her children would have no future there . 
  i think she was right . 
  same with greek friends who have moved their families here . 
  but now we are getting into the meat of it , you make some great points . 
   yes few people still trust them with weapons , and nobody will ever trust them with mass destruc weap . 
  that 's not going to change overnight , or at all . 
  that 's wwii legacy , and we european have to deal with it . 
  if you do not trust a country in your union , the richest , biggest country , then how can it ever be anything more than a free trade/freedom of movement zone ? 
  you can never have a legitimate eu force without massive german participation . 
  and i totally understand why the rest of europe feels that way . 
  i 'm not spitting on gemrany , i 'm saying if you are in a union and you ca n't trust another member of that union , it is n't a very strong union !, 
  i think everyone in europe forgot about history , and put their heads in the sand . 
  that was great for awhile , but now you are being threatened and can not defend yourselves , because of historical reasons . 
  but why does america have to do it ? 
  they are going to be mi6 plants ? 
  the elephant in the room is germany . 
  they have the money and the population to field a serious military . 
  yet because of their past , they are understandably pacifists , and many countries would not welcome them anyway ( poland ) . 
  you need to do something . 
  is n't the eu area economy bigger than the us economy ? 
  you can afford it . 
  you do n't have to have a military like ours to contain russia , a much smaller force can do it . 
  i really appreciate that . 
  i think the immigrants that come here work so much harder than natives like me . 
  my friend 's family came here as refugees after they survived the srebrenica massacre , speaking no english . 
  the oldest daughter got a scholarship , and had a very good job at a very prestigious fortune 2000 company . 
  the youngest daughter also got a scholarship , and is in all kinds of honors programs , and is near the top of her class . 
  she is going to be so successful . 
  what i like about it here that no one gives a fuck that these girls come from somewhere else , they work hard , and are successful and are basically the american dream . 
  i mean they literally came here with the clothes on their back , not speaking a word of english . 
  so many different private groups came together to help them , especially holocaust survivors and their families . 
  hell , i wish we had more eastern european immigrants , there are many pretty girls :-), 
  oh man , now you are making me feel guilty . 
  again , it is not the balstics ' , or poland 's fault . 
  it is the large , established countries of western europe , and even the smaller wealthy nations of western europe that could at least contribute monetarily . 
  these countries have shired their responsibilities , and now we have to do the work . 
  and please understand that most americans feel the same way , you guys do n't lecture us all the time . 
  also , so many eastern europeans are still immigrating here , and are good , hard working people . 
  you do n't see anybody freaking out about polish plumbers like england and france . 
  i know poles , kosovars , bosnians , romanians , albanians , and so on and so forth , i 've got no problems with them !, 
  many russians have attitude problems though . 
  all i 'm saying is this , a union which can not defend itself is not worth much . 
   i do n't want that tho , since a pacifist world would be perfect for me , as an inhabitant of a small country . 
  i see this a lot , especially from irish redditors . 
  guess what ? 
  the world is not pacifist , and you live next to a belligerent monster . 
  and are you aware that you are in a union ? 
  a union means that you help all other members of the union , even if you are not threatened . 
  you are one of the countries being threatened , but people in ireland or greece or spain or wherever else could not give a shit about you . 
  this whole thing is proving the eu to be a sham . 
  a union that can not protect it 's own members is worth nothing . 
  not to mention for the past 15 years it was yankee go home , yankee imperialist , yankee militarist , and now it 's `` save us ` murica , save us ! '', 
  i wish we went home !, 
  he hired summers and all the people who blew up the world finance system while he was running . 
  not sure which was first . 
  yes , the military industrial complex is wholeheartedly behind us being everywhere at all times . 
  the american people do not feel that way though . 
  actually , air craft carrier groups are the best for of force projection , and are much more preferable to permanent bases . 
  so i 'm ok with that . 
  i certainly do want out of germany and italy , these are advanced western nations . 
  in the short term , sure we can go to the eastern border of the threat .
