   what this will mean that european countries will more and more drive to assimilate minority groups into their respective cultures and societies so that they are seamless parts of them , not separate parts . 
  how do you do this though ? 
  are n't many of these people second or third generation , and they still speak the language of the homeland ? 
  how much would a 10km trip cost there . 
  sooo many panameras where i live , though lately tesla has taken a huge chunk of market share that would have went to the panamera . 
  i like the yellow decklid/boot/trunk scheme . 
  very cool . 
  ok , that is different than a federal system , where states/provinces have sovereign standing , subject to national law . 
  for example , the original 13 colonies predate the existence of the federal government of the united states . 
  their existence can not be undone . 
  there is a process for that , though i believe it would need the approval of congress . 
  all the states besides the original 13 were territories first , like puerto rico is now . 
  the are tax advantages to staying a territory , but you have less representation . 
  i think its a lot more important that dc becomes a state though . 
  germany stronk !, 
  the unity is remarkable considering it was a trillion different entities for most of history and a nation state since only 1871 . 
  you know his comment is just a regurgitation of german stereotypes , right ? 
   augenkrebs til eye cancer in german . 
  thanks !, 
  sometimes it 's good to have a short history ... 
  that is what he did . 
  so madrid could unilaterally legislate catalonia out of existence ? 
  it is a figment of law , and not a sovereign entity in any manner ? 
  it is n't just spain , well maybe you have the worst intramural spat , but go an look up the polish sings in lithuania thread to see some neighborly love . 
  i suppose i am not familiar enough with the fiscal regime to comment . 
  to me , the ideal situation would be one where money flowed from the central government to where it was need based upon need . 
  it becomes automatic and fades into the background . 
  but if you have people saying `` i 'm not giving my tax money to those filthy andalusians , '' it wo n't work . 
  but yes , i know spain can be a quite fractious place . 
  i dated a girl from the valencian region for a very long time . 
  her family was still ( understandably ) angry about not being able to speak catalan under the dictatorship . 
  my ex hated people from madrid with a lot of intensity , it was quite shocking to me . 
  so ever since then i 've been fascinated with the situation in spain . 
  this was all before the world blew up , in fact last time i was in spain was in the last days of the peseta . 
  sorry , i should have given more context . 
  yesterday there was a thread about using polish on signs in lithuania , and all these poles and lithuanians really went at it . 
  and then in the thread the spaniards and catalans are really going at it . 
  then i saw your comment . 
  so i meant it just seems like no one in europe really likes each other very much . 
  there has been a resurgence in nationalism , maybe because there is no enemy to unite behind ( though russia may reprise that role ) . 
  it reminds me of financial deregulation on the us . 
  after the great depression , we put in all kinds of legislation and regulation to make sure a ridiculous speculative crash could not happen again . 
  it worked very , very well . 
  but maybe it worked too well , because it was so stable , and when all the people who were alive for the gd died/retired , the next folks thought the regulations were stupid . 
  since these people had no personal memory of what went wrong , they were able to rationalize and undo all those controls . 
  and of course there was a massive speculative bubble and collapse . 
  in europe , after wwii , there was a drive to end nationalism and increase cooperation so another continental conflagration would not erupt . 
  so the ecsc was formed , and that trend continued all the way through to the eu . 
  but now all those folks who remember the bad old days are dead , and so nationalism is coming back . 
  i do n't think most regionalists actually have bad intentions , i just do n't think they are paying attention to history . 
  but i suppose you ca n't make people like each other . 
  anyway , the situation in the uk hardly has anything to do with the much more contentious situation on the continent . 
  if scotland becomes independent , i doubt there would be any serious issues . 
  damn it . 
  never reddit before coffee . 
  corrected by a multilingual european , the shame . 
  i 'm used to see people from various countries squabbling in here , but in this thread we have folks in the same country hating on each other . 
  kind of makes the inability to make a united statement to putin more understandable . 
  can you have a successful union when nobody likes each other ? 
  i think we are finding out the answer is no . 
  it 's mind blowing to me that different regions have different rights . 
  awful for stability . 
  why not give everyone the same rights the basques have ? 
  man , you guys all hate each other , huh ? 
  no , you 're just a dirty prole . 
  edit : gremar, 
  perhaps until the trajectory became clear . 
  man , you might be my favorite redditor in / r/europe , right up there with savanahjeff . 
  and you are absolutely right , the absolutest stance taken on corporate personhood by the supreme court has been a disaster . 
  corporations have 1st amendment rights ? 
  only a constitutional amendment can fix this . 
  i could see elizabeth warren getting behind that . 
  if you think obama is bad , he is down right brave compared to hillary when it comes to wall street . 
  god help us if she gets elected . 
  though i admit i enjoyed watching her call out the eu . 
  keep spreading knowledge !, 
  in re your remarks on american politics , nothing you are saying is untrue , but i think you might be watching a lot of fox news or the like . 
  that is n't going to give a very balanced picture . 
  it reminds me of my friend from the uk who kept bringing up westboro baptists and i had no clue why . 
  it 's not a big deal here , we have a first amendment , and those people suck . 
  end of story . 
  to my friend the whole thing was incomprehensible and seemed to symbolize something . 
  but yes , we have some very conservative areas in the south and the bible belt in this country . 
  some of those people are also racists . 
  i 'm not a republican , but i do n't think it 's fair to say a the majority of them are racist and mostly hate obama because he is black . 
  a lot of people just hate his policies . 
  personally , i think he is spineless and useless . 
  in re your comments in europe , you really are the first continental redditor i 've come across who feels this way , or actually expresses it . 
  the whole situation is a remnant of the cold war . 
  europe can not be taken seriously on the world stage without having its own credible defense . 
  i was hoping that our spying in germany would piss them off and it would start something to get us out of there , but nope . 
  do you think continental europe can ever act in concert ? 
  you do understand that the only people who got to vote for bratt was in one congressional district in virginia , right ? 
  in the statewide contest in mississippi , the tp candidate lost . 
  so i 'm not saying tp disappeared , i 'm saying it 's influence is down , while it remains in some districts . 
  i do n't really buy that black thing too much . 
  gop is just obstructionist , and would rather have nothing done than things they do n't like . 
  also , holder needlessly interjects race into things and makes it an issue which the gop can jump on . 
  like he says `` some people in this country have a problem with obama being black . '', 
  no shit !!!,
