  how has the eu improved that ? 
  i 'm well aware of that , but that 's like consoling myself for only being 100 lbs overweight because my brother is 200 lbs overweight . 
  ever since columbine , everything has been blamed on bullying and hurting people 's feelings , it 's gone way too far . 
  zero tolerance for everything , if you are getting the crap beaten out of you by some other kid , you are not allowed to hit back !, 
  wtf is that ? 
  and the encourage kids to go to the teacher for everything . 
  when i was a kid the teacher would say `` nobody likes a tattletale . '', 
  ugh , i 'll stop my rant now . 
  that is really fucking discouraging . 
  we are raising a bunch of babies in this country . 
  i did n't delete it , this is a new reply . 
  i think i know one wasp , so to me , not really . 
  but yes , white christian would be the most common conception . 
  but if you move here legally , speak english and work hard , you i really doubt you are going to have a problem , even if you are not a wasp . 
  canada has the right to by treaty . 
  that 's because we do n't have a `` default '' nationality/ethnicity/religion . 
  same with canada . 
  i 've been seeing lots of stories about french military recruitment centers being overrun with volunteers since the attack , and your aircraft carrier will be ready to attack by tomorrow . 
  to the extent these stupid jokes still exist , i think they will be much less common . 
  get that paper yo, 
  france fuck yeah !, 
  i am truley sorry for your lots that you are literally a slave in neo-liberal north america . 
  perhaps it was just a bonus . 
  the place was threatened for many years . 
  also : in 2011 , the french daily le figaro reported that a terrorist suspect had told the french police that jaish al-islam , the branch of al qaeda in gaza , had mentioned the bataclan as a potential target of attacks . 
  the french authorities did not respond to questions about the account . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/17/world/europe/before-paris-attack-concert-hall-had-long-history-in-music-and-politics.html during the second intifada , around 2002 , a french jewish group , in december 2008 , a group of about 40 pro-palestinian demonstrators , their faces masked by kaffiyehs , demonstrated in front of the bataclan , calling the migdal organization that had organized the benefit `` pro-israeli , racist and islamophobic . '' `` you 'll pay the consequences of your acts , '' a masked demonstrator said in a video posted on youtube . 
  he added : `` in the neighborhoods , things are moving and heating up . 
  the next time we wo n't come to talk . '' it was on the radar . 
  did you know isis attacked the bataclan because they were under the impression itt was jewish owned ? 
  ( it was just sold ) . 
  so things like that happen . 
  jewish name , goes on vacation in israel ... is your peepee cut too ? 
  i live in the reality over here . 
  did you not see this ? 
  https://twitter.com/kporzee?ref_src=twsrc^tfw but you ca n't blame him if we wants to stay in the greatest city on earth . 
  ha , this is funny . 
  where were they treated better ? 
  it 's not only muslims who might not like your name though . 
  then you are right , i 'm pretty surprised by that , and would not have thought it was an issue at all in denmark . 
  is that honestly a concern ? 
  where are you ? 
  i 'm a bit of a mutt ( some sicilian blood ) and no one ever knows i have jewish heritage . 
  95 % of americans would not know my name is jewish either . 
  he lives 5 minutes away from me , not that i 've met him or anything . 
  his parents moved in with him , and they are doing a thanksgiving dinner !!, 
  well , i said netherlands and denmark , not `` europe . '', 
  the liberal utopia trope people are the ones who have never been out of the country . 
  i want to thank the great nation of latvia for kristaps porzingis !, 
  the hero of nyc !!!, 
  terrible . 
  it 's just surprising for me to hear about homophobic attacks in the netherlands or denmark , but i suppose that just means i have n't been paying enough attention . 
  i think you are replying to the wrong comment thread or something . 
  unless you can paste the comment you are referring too . 
  huh ? 
  i do n't see anything about somalians ? 
  they are the worst integrated refugees , and some have gone home to fight , so i would n't want us taking anymore in . 
  i ca n't think of any other group that has happened with in this country . 
  detroit fucked itself over with ridiculous corruption , and there has been a mass exodus of heavy industry out of the rust belt into the south , and out of the country . 
  buffalo has lost half its population too . 
  there is nothing to be done about it . 
  but you are right , it has nothing to do with immigrants . 
  i would n't blame the immigrants in europe either , they are just taking advantage of terrible policies . 
  plessy v. ferguson was not a thing in europe . 
  a madhouse indeed . 
  i wish we could be enlightened enough to invite hordes of refugees with no background checks . 
  it also sucks that we never had a muslim majority colony to invite all the inhabitants to move here from , or `` guest workers '' at least . . ugh , le europe , i wish we could be like you . 
  it 's like jews in france supporting the fn . 
  the world has gone crazy . 
   pretty much every summer for the past years someone i know has been hospitalized after a gay bashing by youth from a muslim background . 
  holy shit . 
  are the perpetrators caught and convicted ? 
  no you should not ship them off of eu soil , but i think max security terrorism prisons paid for by the eu with specific fees to pay for it would be a great idea . 
  i do think it would be smart to coordinate and harmonize terrorism laws , because it is of vital importance to the whole eu . 
  have a convention for it , but the laws would still be national laws . 
  you do n't even have to change anything else about the criminal justice system in any country . 
  we know about italian corruption , illegal dumps and cancer in napoli , and how powerful the mafia is in the south . 
  yay ? 
  you should seriously increase sentences for support of terrorist activities . 
  one of the guys in paris got 5 years for recruiting for isis . 
  so are we headed for an all out war of civilizations ? 
  we are pretty close already ... 
  in the us the media says there are some bad muslims in the world , but that most are good people . 
  does n't sound like that i 'd the case . 
  is it safer where you are now ? 
  i 'm a secular jew with a jewish last name . 
  i 'd be worried about the situation if i was moving there . . 
  you ste nuts if you think texans or anyone else would burn an american flag at a sports event . 
  of all the things to be butthurt about ... 
  i really do n't think changing your fb avatar for a day or two means you think the world is ending ... that 's just like the people who get mad about it bc no one changes it for massacres in the me . 
  it does n't hurt anyone ( or do much at all ) to change an fb icon . 
  this girl is 100 % secular . 
  if you are talking about fb comments uder an article , sure . 
  if you are talking about people you know irl , it means something , and there are consequences . 
  it 's not like i 'm going to stop being friends with this person , or think less of her , but it 's surprising nevertheless . 
   for me it registered on the same scale as the people who died when that suicidal pilot crashed into the mountain ... a real shitty situation where people died by someone else 's hand for no reason ok , that is n't what you original comment said in any event . 
  is that double edgy in germany ? 
  i think it 's a bit alarming . 
  one of my bosnian friends ( escaped the war as a refugee , now a us citizen ) posted a rant about how no one should post french flags and no one cares when muslims are killed . 
  i was pretty shocked to say the least .
