  that list is what 's on tap , but they have thousands of bottles . 
  they had an event with david walker ( brit brewer of firestone walker ) and he lost his mind over the selection . 
  i 've also met sam calagione of dogfish head there . 
  they had a rare belgian event , people lined up for hours , it was awesome . 
  anyway , as you can see from the list , there are euro beers on there , and contrary to popular belief , not every beer is an ipa . 
  no doubt about that , but we are getting what we deserve when people fall for it . 
  i sure as hell know that my jewish family aspired to be american . 
  they were victims of pogroms in prussia , russia , bulgaria and romania , they were were considered as the lowest as the low . 
  even the less poor side of the family who lived in vienna at the end of the 1800s were abused when karl lueger was elected , and came to nyc . 
  instead of staying frightened jews , i 'm glad they assimilated and were forced to learn english , while keeping traditions alive . 
  over the years the family has gone from poor people with menial jobs to professionals . 
  this country has been great to us , and who knows if they would have even survived europe . 
  on top of that , i 'd say 3/4 of my friend parents were born in europe , and my friends are just as american as me . 
  so while the pledge might be heavy handed today , i 'm fine with the pressure in our society to assimilate , and think it is pro-immigrant , not anti . 
  it 's basically saying to people `` you 're one of us now . '', 
  i think it 's worked out quite well . 
  i 'll bet you a bunch of gold that my local shop has more varieties of euro beer than yours . 
  all beer is big here now , including euro beer , especially belgian . 
  http://vinepair.com/features/external/beer-world-map-3000-full-web.jpg mythos might be the wateriest beer i 've wever had in my life . 
  didn ; t even finish a bottle . 
   what inspirational identity is this american  which masses of immigrants were given this identity ? 
  almost all of them ? 
  certainly the jews , irish and italians who came over in the late 1800s - early 1900s . 
  i 'm not sure how that quote is a counter point , there was stress about immigrants back then just like there is now . 
  i did n't expect that it was the immigrants themselves who came up with the pledge . 
  however , the pledge and the patriotism bit did work to create an aspirational identity to masses of immigrants . 
  that largely is n't true here , because heini is shipped in green bottles and get a skunked smell from the light . 
   lightstruck beer is such a common occurrence that many folks just assume that corona or heineken is supposed to taste like that . 
  the truth is that skunky beer is flawed , and no brewer wants their beer to taste like the back-end of a skunk . 
  unfortunately , the brewers do n't always have final say in how their beers are marketed and sold , and there are many brands that feel their packaging is more important than the flavor of their beer . 
  http://www.latimes.com/food/dailydish/la-dd-three-myths-about-skunky-beer-20140411-story.html it 's really atrocious . 
  that being said , you can get it in cans , and it is slightly better . 
  the fact of the matter is that all these pisswater lagers ( coors light , carlsberg , heini , stella ) suck regardless of which country brews them . 
  and of course they are also the best selling beers on the planet . 
  people fell for months ( years ? ), 
  of government propaganda , it 's not like citizens sat around salivating about invading iraq . 
  i do n't know if that is an excuse , it is what it is . 
  lies in a campaign are expected . 
   if you 've made it to the top of politics , you 're highly intelligent . 
  have you heard of the orange fella over here ? 
  ( sobs ), 
  no , that was just a logistics issue . 
   the italian is maybe crying in despair . 
  na , he ca n't read english . 
  exactly right , this is the biggest sin in pizza . 
  pineapple is a distraction , it 's the freaks who put ketchup on pizza who should be summarily executed . 
  do n't trigger me homeboy . 
  you guys have better atrocities and beer . 
  exactly right . 
  we are nationalists compared to most europeans , however we were not taught to hate any countries . 
  history has shown that the dutchies will choose the serbs over the kebaps . 
  ( hides in fetal position under desk ), 
  you are basically right , but for the generation of people born after viet nam ( like myself ) we did not expect the government to straight up lie to our faces like that . 
  it might seem naive in retrospect , but at the time many believed it . 
  i do n't think there is any point discussing this in the context of the us since the civil war . 
  my point is simply that trump does not have some kind of hate for europeans themselves , if anything , him and his ilk love them for being white . 
  and of course most people will find him hostile , but his hostility is towards the eu . 
  i do n't think his motivations make any practical difference , but i 'm just pointing it out . 
  it 's hostile to many in the eu , but not all , such as eurosceptics . 
  point is that he does n't have some kind of hatred for europeans , but the eu . 
  of course people can interpret that as hostile . 
  you think american aircraft trying to stop russian aircraft from bombing did not have a very high possibility of causing conflict ? 
  maybe not wwiii , but bad things could of happened . 
  being pro-russia seems to be a part of the identity of anti-american germans . 
  he never has , but he does not like the eu . 
   take the iraq war for example , 72 % of americans supported invading iraq . 
  we were told there were wmd , it 's not like people were supporting it for no reason . 
  the timing was so perfect . 
  maybe erdo was in on it . 
  cute . 
  i wish trump could ever reach a polandball understanding of international affairs . 
  yup , it pisses me off . 
  so many immigrants ( including my family ) americanized names . 
  just because trump is ignorant , does n't mean one should be ignorant right back . 
  have you returned to the old country ? 
  have a good time in nyc ? 
  i see studio apartments for $ 1500 in inwood ( northern tip of manhattan ) , still not cheap for a blue collar worker . 
  your mistake was staying near times sq. 
  i 've lived in london , and found it painfully unfriendly . 
  i 've never been to germany , but if it is less friendly than london , i 'm scared . 
  ha , there is not much `` affordable '' in nyc unless you are in a horrible area . 
  i thought it was amazing, 
  do you feel the same about s man wearing a kippah ? 
  i pretty much refuse to fill out any racial/religious information on forms or whatever , due to what went down in europe . 
  i admit it 's paranoid . 
  i 'm not scared to tell anyone i 'm jewish , and have flipped the fuck out on people who have made comments not knowing i am jewish . 
  being assertive is imperative . 
  i still believe this is the greatest place for jews to live . 
  i 'm an american jew , kind of bewildered by some of the stuff i read going on in europe with euro jews . 
  does n't seem like a great situation in a number of places . 
  good place for jews, 
  there is a big difference between individuals getting upset , and the government putting you in jail . 
  flair checks out, 
  where do you live now ? 
  there is n't enough eastern euro food in the us :-(, 
  i know that feel, 
  nazi is the last thing i 'd use to describe the dutch . 
  it 's also quite insulting since nazis killed so many dutch . 
  i do n't think the marines would let them take a flag . 
  the dutch are the most tolerant nazis ever .
