  besides milania of course . 
  upvotes, 
  just an aside , protestants in belfast are the most pro-israel people on 5he planet , and i do n't know why . 
  fyi , this comment cracked me up again , so true . 
  no offense , but germans/austrians take sarcasm as offensive sometimes . 
  and as a new yorker , i offend a lot of people . 
  but it 's not passive agressive , it 's just agressive . 
  we ca n't hold a candle to the brits though . 
  no , ethnicity is not more important to us , it 's just a topic of conversation . 
  look at my other comment where i linked an article , it 's complicated . 
  for all our differences , we are very unified and have a strong national identity . 
  on the other hand we have small differences to the extent we do n't know exactly how each other think . 
  there is no `` american '' way to do something , we are a nation of individuals . 
  doh , i should have known that . 
  thx, 
  appreciate the effort, 
  not that i 've noticed here . 
  you said american customers were ironic . 
  tell me about the irony . 
  oh god , fuck those people . 
  those are self-hating americans who think they are cool and sophisticated , and travel abroad to tell people how we suck . 
  but as for some the ( amusing ) bantz between irish-americans and irish , the people of irish ancestry here tend to be a lot , lot more conservative than those in ireland . 
  we are , and that probably annoys people even more . 
  but a lot of people still want to know where they came from , because unless you are a native american , you did n't come from here . 
  i personally am proud/happy to be american . 
  most of my ancestors were jewish , and they were getting killed and abused all over the place , they were not wanted . 
  since my family came here over 100 years ago , this country has been great to us . 
  i also love the idea of identity being based on an idea , not an ethnicity . 
   do n't get me wrong , i think you have an interesting tradition , but it looks more like a piece of interesting trivia , than a representation of strong ties with one 's own ancestry . 
  you 've just summed up the american attitude to ancestry in one sentence . 
  very good !, 
   we all love cars and beer , that 's good enough for me . 
  now that germans and americans can bond on . 
  no specific ancestry needed !, 
  i 'd pay good money to see that . 
   like it 's common for an american to find they have this one irish ancestor , they get really excited inside , their heart leaps with joy , they open up the arse hole of ireland and stick their tongue in and wiggle it about . 
  they hate any irishman that is forward thinking , they just want to sit around and talk about the potato famine all day . 
  lol , it 's funny because it 's true . 
  they are n't lefties though , they are usually conservative and religious . 
  that 's like punching santa claus . 
  where ? 
  i 'm old , so i 'm not going out to clubs and lounges , just bars . 
  and i do n't see them acting up on the street . 
  i do n't see drunk brits acting up here . 
  could see it in vegas , since vegas is bottom shelf . 
  how windy is a full pelican ? 
  greatest city on earth brah . 
  it means you have german ancestry , not two nationalities . 
  it 's like a flavor of american . 
  german american does n't really mean much since germans 100 % assimilated , but irish/italian do have a catholic component for example . 
  basically it can be used to convey some useful cultural information to other americans , but outside of the us , it has no meaning . 
  even the most hardcore plastic paddy feels 100 % american . 
  england is used colloquially for the uk , like holland is for the netherlands . 
   looking at you , `` muh drink and fight , bomb the cars , kill the brits '' plastic-paddies and `` i 'm a loud and aggressive , over-reacting dick because of my italian heritage '' people . 
  you must live here . 
  these folks mistake their american identity , where your heritage might have some implications , with being somehow having something to do with their land of origin . 
  apparently they ca n't separate these things . 
  last summer i was in ireland and ran across french people who did n't know how to wait in line , and one guy booed me when i was driving for some reason . 
  so there is that i guess . 
  thanks for making me look bad . 
  lol . 
  when i visited rome , it really did feel like a similar energy and attitude to nyc . 
  being from nyc has always served me well abroad , people always want to ask questions about it , and they do n't assume you are just some yokel . 
   they either have crying childeren they ca n't control , or are drunk . 
  why not both ? 
  i totally understand what you are saying , i just want to clear up a linguistic thing . 
  when an american says they are `` german '' or whatever else , they mean german-american , and that their ancestor came from there , not that they are actually `` german . '', 
  they might foolishly expect you to like them because of that or feel close to you or whatever , but they are n't saying they are actually german . 
  anyway , it 's annoying and i do n't do it . 
  same here , i did n't see them acting up like in benidorm . 
  same here . 
  i like to amuse myself by seeing if i can guess where they are from before they walk by and i can hear them . 
  and they are so happy when you help them , like they did n't expect it . 
  maybe ... 
  strikes me as strange that people would dislike canadians . 
  we 've all run into some of those freaks who define themselves primarily as `` not american '' but it would be stupid to dislike all canadians over that . 
  also , i 'm from ny , and just about everyone from states that border canada likes it , because we have actually been there . 
  who knows what someone from texas thinks . 
  in upstate , ny tons of houses fly the canadian and american flag . 
  you are talking about quebecois food , which is awesome . 
  but there is no just `` american '' food , and there is no `` canadian '' food , just regional and international foods . 
  must be why you guys behave here . 
  bruh , i ai n't mad . 
  this is going to sound really snotty of me , but if these are military folks , there are going to be a lot of very lower income , sheltered people from rural areas . 
  billions of them visit us in nyc , i do n't really have any complaints about them . 
  absolute tons of them here in nyc . 
  no complaints about them from me . 
  i 'm worth a lot of electoral votes !, 
  i was very anti-w , but i 'm not going to take crap about it from some lady in the middle of nowhere that i was trying to give money . 
  i asked her if she complained about the us taking croatia 's side in the wars , and she shut up . 
  do n't be ridiculous , we do not dislike canadians at all ( besides that subset of rabidly anti-american ones ) . 
  as for better food , i 've never heard that , i can never tell any difference . 
  russians in cr speak english ? 
  the russians in brooklyn ca n't speak english . 
  brits in the costa blanca are quite terrible . 
  eh , the ones in nyc are n't bad , they are so happy and excited . 
  they love it here . 
  besides one insane lady yelling about w. bush , i was treated very , very well in croatia . 
  what is the us project ? 
   pompous but worthless that is such a great phrase .
