  try it out . 
  you getting worse fuel economy ? 
  98 % of precious metals ? 
  i kniw london is the world hub for the trade , but that sounds high ... 
  we get 38 and 100 % humidity in the summer , and -20 with blizzards dumping over a meter of snow . 
  fun . 
  right now it 's perfect and the leaves are starting to change color . 
  [ fapping intensifies ], 
  that 's probably the greatest idea i 've ever heard . 
  you should see what the salt does to the road and cars in the northeast , it 's barbaric . 
  i generally find the streets in the cities to be horrible , and the interstate and other higher speed roads to be good . 
   there is no way that db has made as many violations as boa or jpm . 
  because you say so ? 
  there are months and years of discovery before the demand , where db provides the doj with it 's files , which at this point , are not publicly available . 
  based on this information , the doj calculates it 's demand . 
  this entire process moves towards a civil judicial action , unless a settlement is reached first . 
  meaning that the doj will have to support it 's claim with evidence in a court of law . 
  they do n't just make up numbers out of thin air , there must be some basis . 
  you can find me a source that db issued much less rmbs than the other banks if you wish , i ca n't find anything either way . 
  personally , i 'm going to err on the side of the doj over a frothing at the mouth redditor , but i am always willing to be proven wrong . 
  the point is that these demands have to be based on legislation/regulation that the doj can bring in a civil action against db . 
  many rmbs enforcement actions/settlements have been commenced under firrea . 
  firrea provides for penalties based on a `` per violation '' basis . 
  http://www.jonesday.com/firrea-civil-money-penalties-the-governments-newfound-weapon-against-financial-fraud/  while firrea does not authorize the imposition of criminal sanctions ( such as imprisonment ) , the civil money penalties available under firrea are potentially crippling . 
  firrea authorizes penalties of up to $ 1.1 million per violation . 
  for continuing violations , the maximum increases up to $ 1.1 million per day or $ 5.5 million per violation , whichever is less . 
  you may recall that initial demands to bp for the gulf oil spill were based on per barrel calculations , and the demands to vw were based on per vehicle violations . 
  further , there is no provision in firrea to take market cap into account . 
  and when would they even date the market cap ? 
  date of the agreement ? 
  date of the violations ? 
  should db be rewarded for being one the biggest under-performers in investment banking ? 
  the market cap issue will be taken into account during negotiations , not the initial demand . 
  fines have to have a basis in law , simply being a terrible bank that is under constant threat of insolvency is n't going to prompt the doj to ignore statutes to make a demand that could cripple the company . 
  i.e. , claiming that db is getting a bigger fine based on market cap is nonsensical at the demand stage , since market cap is not a factor in calculating fines . 
  and the demand is similar to other much larger banks because db is alleged to have made as many violations as the other banks . 
  the 14b number is an opening demand by the doj , not what will actually be paid . 
  in that very blurb i posted above , it notes that doj demanded 12b from citi , and ended up collecting 7b . 
  pasting this blurb would indicate that i 'm aware that db will not be paying 14b . 
  if you would like to educate yourself , here is a better article than the bbc one . 
  this is n't a speeding ticket in finland , where you are going to get a proportional fine based on income or something . 
  this is banking , and the fine will be based on the amount of fraudulent mbs you sold . 
  btw , yes , i 'm serious . 
  maybe read the article ? 
   the department of justice sought $ 12bn from citigroup in 2014 for the sale of mortgage-backed financial products . 
  the bank ended up paying $ 7bn . 
  in 2013 , jp morgan chase was fined $ 13bn following allegations it overstated the quality of mortgages being sold to investors and in the following year , bank of america paid $ 16.7 bn to settle similar charges . 
  goldman sachs settled for $ 5.1 bn in january this year . 
  true , true . 
  besides the stanley cup . 
  before everyone gets worked up , every single bank that sold mbs has received a huge fine . 
  ( shrugging emoji ), 
  here you know an upmarket store when it does n't have cheez whiz . 
  so if i came to germany and opened a fake tb , i can be rich ? 
  i just pm 'd your citizenship paperwork , let me know if you received it . 
  we actually have lots of organic , unsweetened pb niw , it 's awesome , though annoying that the oil separates . 
  obviously the dutch are the greatest people in europe . 
  depends how far back you go . 
  hrs not right about us flags , the flag code is advisory , with no penalties . 
  you can wipe your ass with a flag , or burn it legally . 
  we do n't have laws on flags , besides the advisory flag code . 
  anyone who wants to can burn as many american flags as they want . 
  more like jean-claude drunker , amirite ? 
  you still have these laws at least http://britainexplorer.com/strange-british-laws/, 
  just like you could be put in jail for not being proficient with a longbow . 
  it 's not that they are n't enforced , most of them are unconstitutional , and thus null . 
  literally not worth the paper they are written on . 
  https://www.law.cornell.edu/supct/html/02-102.zo.html basically these laws are like me finding an english law that says you must practice archery every weekend , and calling you a bunch of armed maniacs . 
  also , many of those laws are quite old , as where the facesitting thing was just passed . 
  though i 'd say that law is more about speech than sexual conduct , because it only applies to filming and selling it . 
  we do n't have restrictive laws on sex , we have self imposed censorship by fb . 
  there is a lot of misunderstandings about how things are here . 
  the uk did ban facesitting from porn filmed there , right ? 
  that 's censorship , no ? 
  in mud huts . 
  spain has newer buildings than new york state . 
  specifically by an attractive woman who tells the world she finds your appearance revolting . 
  they would have to try to get a constitutional amendment granting them independence . 
  the whole country would take part in that decision . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  maybe parliament delegated this to the police ? 
  more like they are creating large operations in their own countries for american corporations . 
  the only reason these companies are there is to dodge taxes . 
  if that is over , the jobs will go to the us , and the offices in europe will be the size necessary to conduct business there . 
  police get to decide the law ? 
  is n't this level of photorealism in the 1600s mind-boggling ? 
  harambe comics, 
  harsh, 
  yeah , sorry , having a few beers at grand central terminal , kept a short answer . 
  will answer more later . 
  i do see that fb reversed itself and is allowing the vietnam pic now . 
  i do n't have much if a problem with any of that , as long as it is done with actual legislation . 
  i 'd hope that is just older people , though most people in general do n't now how manipulative it is . 
  that 's how you pay for the site , with your information . 
  and it is a big , shitty corporation that basically sucks . 
  but if you do n't like it , do n't use it . 
  sounds like when a canadian gets called american . 
  they did not lose in court , the court said the y could be sued in france . 
  that 's all . 
  it has n't moved forward .
