  how did you end up studying in sc of all places ? 
  this is totally off topic , but i notice you spelled color in the american manner ( i.e. 
  without the u ) . 
  i thought that in europe , english is taught with the british spelling , is that right ? 
  its freaking europe day man !!!, 
  spread the fucking love . 
  i had a weihenstephan original premium last night , best lager ever . 
  despite economic theory , it does n't work like that . 
  new york ( where i live ) has been sending alabama money for ever , their gdp never goes up . 
  industrialized places pour money into rural areas , where it disappears into a black hole . 
  that is just how it works , it does n't mean we should stop giving money , but you do not get back what you put in . 
  we do n't give much thought to the money we send to alabama , it just goes , it is another part of the country . 
  to the extent that people in the same country , but who speak a different language at home , do not want to share money is very foreign to me . 
  i hope spain can ride out the storm . 
  she lived in benissa , and was very catalan ( and gorgeous ) . 
  she knew people with fascist flags and with communist flags , but no one with a spanish flag . 
  i was really shocked how much she hated madridellanos ( sp ) . 
  ever since since she told me about all the history , i expected some kind of friction . 
  so catalunya wants not to pay , instead of having everyone pay ? 
  i understand that , though i am not sure that is they way it has to be . 
  in the us , states such as california and new york have always paid out tons of money to poor states like alabama . 
  it is just taken for granted that is the way it is . 
  i dated a catalan girl from valencia province ( or is it region ? 
  ) , and i know spanish history is much more complicated than american history . 
  my god , did that girl hate spaniards from madrid . 
  is there any urge to equalize the obligations of the regions ? 
  meaning , every state has the same rights , but if one region needs more money , it will receive based on need alone . 
  guess what i am asking is whether or not anyone wants to operate like the states in the us . 
   but i must say this : you are literally the first ` eurosceptic ' that does n't come across as either uninformed ( the majority ) , deluded or batshit insane racist . 
  as an outsider , this strikes me as a bit of an extreme comment . 
  every euroskeptic you have interacted with is stupid , insane , or racist ? 
  you are now a mod of / r/murica . 
  one of the babies she eats for breakfast was undercooked . 
  equal to us ? 
  good one gramps . 
  the english rugby team were the sheep today . 
  we did n't let states leave our nation . 
  should we have ? 
  this place is way more racist that / r/conspiracy, 
  grow up already germany . 
  censorship does n't work anymore . 
  we could try towing you guys further out . 
  yes , once something is out of living memory , it comes back . 
  the financial crisis in the us happened when all the regulations from the great depression were repealed . 
  can i send money to the `` out '' campaign ? 
   you bloody antipodean philistine thank you for this phrase . 
  i visited my ex in spain when i was 22 , right out of college . 
  i was drinking cups of vodka like water , and her friends were mortified . 
  because they are poor . 
  coors light would be an improvement over that trash !, 
  where ?? 
  they definitely do rounds . 
  you spanish just do n't drink enough . 
  that 's their secret , they 're always drunk . 
  what craft beers did you have ? 
  i was just as a movie theater that had 32 taps . 
  had me a nice double ipa , 8.2 % . 
  yum . 
  oh come now , lets not fight among ourselves . 
  we 'll sit back , have a beer and watch the continent burn . 
  you are surrounded by morons . 
  do you have a kickstarter or a paypal account so i can send you some money ? 
  i 'd like to reduce rickets and scurvy in your impoverished realm . 
  lolololol  britain is poorer than any us state : yes , even mississippi, 
  lol , link me . 
  that is n't even possible . 
  but i 'm going to do it to my uk friends on fb now . 
  it 's a world wide urban/rural thing . 
  btw , i 'm at a movie theater with 32 taps . 
  just got a southern tier 2x ipa 8.2 % life is good, 
  whoa , that looks awesome . 
  oh , we got a wiseguy over here . 
  nope . 
  went out to lunch at work and got a bottle of carlsberg a few weeks ago . 
  it was so bad i actually got angry . 
  should have stuck with water . 
  even a dive bar has sam adams , i can live with that, 
  i 'd rather drink my own piss . 
  where you find it ? 
  worth the fat . 
  straight from the can . 
  it 's like you called a canadian an american or something . 
  comment of the day . 
  he said donkey . 
  a craft beer goes for 8-10 if not during happy hour . 
  then again , i 'm a pretty fancy fella . 
  discussing your salary is not very british . 
  you just got to make sure you give it right back , or they wo n't respect you . 
  yes , it sucks for americans abroad . 
  super special . 
  they are engaging in transactions with american individuals and institutions . 
  you are aware that the rest of europe was 100 % on board with that whole thing , right ? 
  and we did send americans to jail . 
  less chance of getting punched . 
  everyone would chug like crazy , and everyone is still there at 11 , and they just kick you out . 
  cops involved maybe 1 out of 5 times . 
  basically the dumbest system ever . 
  now they can stay open later . 
  they only get angry if americans do it . 
  you do n't get to have guaranteed fights if you do n't force everyone to leave at once .
