  k\u00f6lsch is such a great style , as is gose . 
  yum . 
  altbeer is not bad either . 
  yes , spearheaded by lbbw . 
  besides some people in quebec there are no serious separatists in the us and canada ( as far as i know ) . 
  there are all kinds of maps of regions that would make more sense , such as cascadia , but no one is agitating for independence . 
  you like downvotes ? 
  change nothing but your flair to murica , and bask in the downvotes . 
  with the same comments , you 'll get twice the downvotes for your money . 
  op has quite the username . 
  honestly , i do n't really think it 's a great thing , as the meetings are mandatory : http://www.royal.gov.uk/monarchuk/queenandgovernment/queenandprimeminister.aspx why not let the pm ask the queens questions if he wants to ? 
  i suppose he could just ignore her , but to me it is still a bit concerning that an unelected , hereditary monarch does anything besides play a ceremonial role . 
  i think this will be much more of an issue under charles than it is now with the queen . 
  i assume that she has very little input on major decisions , but i think she could use her influence to push for little things , or for favors to particular people . 
  if the meetings were of public record , then it would be much better in my opinion . 
  that could be a tad concerning . 
  since they open their concerts with a winston churchill speech , i just do n't see that happening . 
  iron maiden is pretty damn english , and pretty damn cool . 
  i was unaware of this . 
  are the meetings public record ? 
  hungary is a little fixated on jews , no ? 
  link ? 
  ethnonationalism . 
  sounds like drax the destroyer . 
  lol . 
  well i certainly was n't thinking of sweden/norway when i said continentals . 
  the reaction here was the same , basically that he was a baby for getting so mad because someone trash talked him . 
  ugh , i understand , i just found it particularly hilarious . 
  i did consult the rules before posting , but i overlooked the bit about high level debate . 
  sorry about that . 
  off to karmawhore elsewhere for now !, 
  self deprecating humor . 
  agreed , i figured this would be a way to get things going , but germany needs to have a military commensurate with it 's large population and economy . 
  i get what the left wants , but you are telling me their would be opposition in selling weapons to eu members ? 
  well , you can type your own text for your flair . 
  we actually do agree . 
  perhaps germany could fund other nations purchasing arms from them ( since they are a massive arms producers , despite their pacifism ) . 
  it would be sending money right back to themselves . 
  but i do n't know what else to tell you , a lot of continental europe inflicted this on themselves . 
  i 'm sorry , i confused it with this comment :  true , i should have written `` most of the rest of europe '' . 
  i know poland and the baltic states see it differently , but i am afraid you guys are a minority on this . 
  and i 'm sure no one wants to actively confront putin , but nations do want to deter him , and have forces available should russia do something insane . 
  that is what the british want , not because they love war . 
  in part you are right about them thinking about the past though , they do not want to repeat sitting there , while hitler paraded through europe . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/11/world/europe/11gates.html?_r=0 we 've been begging people to spend money on their military . 
  if they did , you actually could get rid of us . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  you edited your comment . 
  it used to say the baltics and poland were a minority who were worried about ukraine/russia , implying their security concerns could be disregarded . 
  yes , yes , i know of molotive-ribbentrop ( sp ? 
  ) , i just wanted to make a joke about drinking piss . 
  enjoy this bit : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fgz8y/a_gift_to_obama_from_estonian_president/ck9o7rs, 
  you do understand that humor does not often translate between cultures , right ? 
  the brits always say that about americans , that we do n't get their humor . 
  so why do n't you just take our word for it , that it was a % 100 compliment to the estonians . 
  he is literally saying estonia would have done it better . 
  i 'm not saying all eu federalists , or even a large portion of them share this view . 
  i 'm saying many people who share that view are pro federation . 
  there are also many nationalists who take that view as well . 
  i 'd love to see a more integrated , self sufficient europe . 
  a more multipolar and balanced world is a good thing . 
  perhaps this crisis will spur that on . 
  i know a lot of people hate cameron for his politics , but i think the uk is really taking the right approach to the russian crisis . 
  perhaps this will be spark that convinces eu nations to take defense of themselves and their neighbors seriously . 
  yes , i see it all the time on this board , it 's fucking insane . 
  and it always seems to come from the most pro-europe people , and federalists . 
  guess what , a pretty effing big part of an actual meaningful union is common defense . 
  now i totally understand that the eu is not a military organization , but there is nothing wrong with protecting the eu via nato . 
  and by all means , feel free to have more intergrated european forces to take care of it without american interference . 
  honestly , this shit is mindboggling to me . 
  unless you live near pripyat , squirrels do not look like that . 
  and tank as a duck ? 
  ya dun need some glasses bro . 
  best part is that his flair says us of e . he must be for united europe , besides poland and the baltics , because fuck them . 
  very admirable . 
  did he drink his own piss again ? 
  fuck the haters bro . 
  it had 3 frames , can ; t do much with that . 
  you are not in the eurozone . 
  we have different wages here too , not only state by state , but by locality if they wish . 
  some high cost places have been increasing min . 
  wage . 
  i 'm aware the ecb is a completely independent entity . 
  i assume it would take a a lot to get the mandate changes . 
  unanimous support maybe ? 
  but yes , right now it 's only mandate is price stabilization . 
  the us federal reserve system is broken up into districts that regulate and research the economy in their area ; is anything like that set up for east/west germany ? 
  while you are right , this issue is not limited to europe , such widely divergent economies make it much more consequential than it would be in the uk , canada , us , etc. 
  perhaps that could be remedied by adding a mandate for the ecb to consider employment in there decision making process . 
  qe might have helped as well . 
  the internal devaluation model has not worked for southern europe . 
  figured as much . 
  it 's not like their culture is radically different or anything . 
  by / u/awildsketchappeared ? 
  let 's all thank king john for being such a dbag , the anglosphere owes him one . 
  i think the financial/corporate sector will continue to improve , and was n't there just a report that manufacturing is coming back strong ? 
  i assume the types working in the service industry here are not the same people that work in the corporate world . 
  or maybe they are just taking a break from school or whatever . 
  i believe most come on tourist visas , and work off the books . 
  you crack me up .
