  was he granted asylum ? 
  i did n't say it was bad , but it used to be more amusing to me . 
  the super eu was going to crush us and china , the dollar would turn to toilet paper , and the euro would be the reserve currency of the world , the joint eu army was going to exert it 's will on the world , all the peoples of europe would breed into one race of ubermen and rule the world as benevolent , enlightened dictators . 
  it was great . 
  american education can also be biased that we are the greatest thing ever , but even 20 years ago i was taught we genocided indians , that slavery was the worst thing ever , and all about the civil rights struggle . 
  that 's how most wars are won . 
  are you not allowed to be proud of your nation for wwii because you did n't have a chance without the us and ussr ? 
  the main reason we won was bc you made a strategic decision that india was worth more than us . 
  please explain what i am missing then : http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/13194659.teenager_arrested_after_offensive_tweet_about_george_square_tragedy/ as for the hate preachers , you know as well as i do that some people can get away with things that other people can not . 
  i read that thread , and i honestly did n't believe all the comments about how brits knew so little about ireland . 
  but in this thread , so many brits are saying they were not taught anything about the empire and the british role in ireland . 
  i 'm pretty shocked . 
  just tell him that he lives in a breakaway province of mexico . 
  it all changed when it became a geographical default . 
   how do you conquer without death ? 
  hollywood and mcdonalds . 
  well , i guess mcdonalds causes death . 
  i 'm not talking about inciting violence , i 'm talking about being arrested for making a nasty joke about a truck running over people in glasgow . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  if i understand correctly , the english bill of rights limits the power of the crown , which is obviously very good , but it does not constrain the parliament in any way . 
  granted , as of now , the echr grants all eu citizens freedom of expression , though i 'm not aware if the law which makes it a criminal offense to be offensive has withstood scrutiny under it . 
  then perhaps it 's not a coincidence that the best colony was founded by the dutch . 
  the magna carta ? 
  why do n't you give yourselves a bill of rights ? 
  at least just freedom of speech . 
  no more arrest for offensive tweets . 
  we are a republic with three separate and equal branches of government . 
  and yes i agree that you can have rights in a parliamentary democracy , but the uk does not , and that was what the founding fathers were trying to remedy . 
  i do n't think `` congressional democracy '' is an actual term , though i understand what you are trying to convey . 
  sorry , i 'll take the gridlock and everything else that comes along with deeply enshrined rights . 
  is n't that the definition of a colony ? 
  a piece of land ruled by a distant home country ? 
  13 original colonies ... 
  seriously , it 's not so bad here . 
  you can not believe everything you read on reddit . 
  sure . 
  but we got rid of the monarchy and got the constitution/bill of rights . 
  good deal if you ask me . 
  and we kept the common law . 
  the common law has almost been as important to our development as the language . 
  lol , baby texas . 
  yeah , i guess we kind of did that , did n't we ? 
  were you the slaver or slavee ? 
  taxing our tea . 
  and i 'm proud we were the first colony to boot them out . 
  edit : at least give me a comment , downvoters . 
  read up on the kaiser . 
  and you need to get mexico to pay for it . 
  tldr ; it was all the jew 's fault . 
  my spanish ex never saw snow until she was 24 . 
  well , it 's not just seeing big cities , it 's all the skyscrapers in those cities . 
  but i guess that could go for many europeans , not just icelanders/faroese . 
  goddamit , i should have listened to you . 
  the mercury ? 
  there are worms in the sea . 
  it 's daily ? 
  if you visit manhattan , i think your mind will be blown . 
  she 's into wine , mostly riojas . 
  she does n't like when i blow vapor in her face though . 
  it 's funny , from reading reddit , you would think people would try to murder us . 
  they do n't honestly do that ... right ? 
  please, 
   runkbulle it 's just an urban legend . 
  that just sounds wrong . 
  but now you can get pie here . 
  first or last ? 
  i just realized i 've never eaten a hamburger outside of the us . 
  i would eat one in canada , but that 's about it . 
  brazil might disagree . 
  i dated a valencian catalan for a long time , so i know this . 
  i would get her going all the time , it was pretty funny . 
  that being said , i think it 's awesome how proud of her little home town she was , she never shit on that . 
  my god did she hate people from madrid though . 
  being an american is playing on easy mode . 
  ;-) edit : surprised others agree . 
  without commenting on anything else , sometimes i love staying home and getting high/drunk with my cat . 
  how does one win a jerk off conest ? 
  you do n't hate your culture , but you also do n't go around telling people the italian way is the best . 
  food might be an exception , but that is justified . 
  use your surplus germoney . 
  i see you 've never met any spanish or italians . 
  i lived in london 20 years ago and still see some of those cunts to this day . 
  initially the english can be standoffish , but after a few beers you will have a friend for life . 
  do most people take advantage of that option ? 
  just because you speak english does n't mean you have to act like the english . 
  it 's a good club to join . 
  i 'm not sure geordie folks fall under `` english '' speakers though , stats seem a little high . 
  netherlands and norway , you are badasses . 
  sweden and denmark are impressive as well . 
  well , if it makes you feel any better , it 's blames only on french of turkish or north african descent . 
  it used to be about lepen and fascist voters . 
  danes are afraid of being naked ? 
  i 've never heard that , i thought scandis are comfortable with nudity . 
  the us would have to designate them as persecuted in order for them to come over here outside the usual process . 
  i do n't think euro nations would appreciate that . 
  no wonder they lied and cheated , the consequences are n't shit in europe . 
  they should have spoke to their lawyers first before doing it in the us though . 
   according to reiter , vw could be looking at some 10 million euros ( $ 10.9 million ) in punitive damages . 
  not exactly terrifying to vw . 
  and what community would this lovely person be from ?
