  what do you pay for the standard insurance ( i 'm not sure if it 's public/mixed , etc. 
  but i like the rainbow stalin song . 
  look it u [ p on ytmnd, 
  thank you . 
  ok , but a rough idea ? 
  like 50 euro ? 
  500 euro a month ? 
  how much does this extra insurance cost ? 
  thank you italia !!, 
  i 'll take this over trump 's tweets . 
  you guys are pretty healthy ... maybe you just do n't need them . 
  we call people from connecticut nutmeggers . 
  also no idea why . 
  the brits need to respond with a rainbow stalin meme . 
  i 'm not israeli , but as a person with a jewish background , i think it 's a very moving statement . 
  yeah , probably most people . 
  we say `` through the wickets '' when a ball goes between someone 's legs in any sport . 
  i assume that is a reference to cricket , though i doubt most people think that . 
  a slam dunk like wmd . 
  though i feel like basketball is a global game , makes more sense than baseball . 
  i believe the bbc had a story on how american sports metaphors have worked their way into british workplace jargon . 
  did n't realize it made to ireland as well . 
  as far as your comment , pitching can also be a proposal , right ? 
  because that does n't work as a pitch in baseball !, 
  what about `` homerun ? '', 
  is that in use as well ? 
   am i right to assume that plate is another word for a base in baseball and then stepping up to the plate means going to the base you hit from ? 
  yup !, 
  first , second and third are called bases , and home plate is where you hit from :-), 
  you might not really have put much thought into a saying , but what did you think it meant ? 
  edit : who downvotes simple questions ? 
  27 at my house in the ` burbs , 40 at my office downtown . 
  thanks epa !, 
  we have way less diesel passenger cars , and there are very strict standards on diesel heavy trucks . 
  while we are n't too big on co2 emission controls , we take particulates very seriously . 
  we had the kind of smog problems europe is having now in the 60s and 70s . 
  this fella should probably take a plea deal . 
   if we do n't * step up to the plate * in managing this fundamental shift in our relationship with our european neighbours , then others will shape the environment for us . 
  a baseball metaphor in an irish article ? 
  odd . 
  yeah , but you do n't live in the community , or even the same continent , so it 's not expected you would know . 
  these facilities ( both christian and jewish ) are part of larger non-profit groups , but everyone uses them . 
  i have a jewish background , but went to the ymca ( young men 's christian association ) for swimming lessons when i was 4 . 
  medically it is legal for children . 
  obviously not recreationally . 
  i agree it 's incorrect , but it 's what is stopping us from getting it . 
  voter id is considered racist . 
  the history of our country is continually extending rights to all . 
  you know , like a constitutional right to gay marriage in a place that has some quite religious areas . 
  awesome comment . 
  miller killed 3 non-jews . 
  he went to a jewish athletic center thinking only jews go there , which us ridiculously ignorant . 
  i 'm a 40 year old american jew , i 've never felt any danger , much less ever seen a kkk member . 
  and i do n't want any limits on free speech . 
  and luckily , i have my 2nd amendment rights in case the kkk came to my property and overstepped their 1st amendment rights . 
  but i 'd put the chance of getting hit by an asteroid a bigger threat . 
  we have legal weed , and are n't near the happiest . 
  so sweden is not sending its best women to greece ? 
  why do n't they like fucking each other ? 
  yeah , the car company does n't exist anymore . 
  first map that did n't shit on france . 
  i just hope they are more reliable than my old saab car . 
  that thing raped me on expensive parts . 
   for the most swiss purpose you could think of . 
  smelting nazi gold ? 
  the butt, 
  people have completely lost their minds . 
  maybe the germans asked for a favor to have less people sent ... 
  yes , i do realize that , and it 's quite literally insane . 
  merkel made criminal smugglers and terrorists billions . 
  i mentioned that in another comment , obviously you have to stop doing that shit . 
  the us returned all haitians on rickety boats in the caribbean in the 90s , no asylum requests , nothing . 
  just sent them back . 
  harder now because these people are crossing many countries , but come on , something has to be done . 
   according to our courts , even germany is no longer classified as a `` safe country '' as a syrian family ca n't be deported to germany for humanitarian reasons now ... wut ? 
  i used to be able to go to mexico and canada with only my drivers license . 
  not anymore :-(, 
  muh sovereignty ? 
  you do n't have to shoot , you just have to bring them right back . 
  we did that with haitians in the 90s . 
  no interviews , no asylum , nothing , jut shipped right back . 
  you need to start taking serious measures , or a right wing backlash is going to bring some nasty things . 
  pooti and trump are actually working on this for nuke reductions . 
  they both think europe is full of sissy countries , so instead of the expensive decommissioning process , we 're just going to nuke the shit out of you . 
  why is there such resistance to ceding external border competencies away from the national govs to the eu ? 
  if there is only one thing that it makes sense to be entirely in the hands of the eu , it would be external border control . 
  this is an existential threat to europe , but not much has improved . 
  it 's quite demoralizing to watch . 
  if i want to put on the tin foil , i 'd say they do n't want to stop these people because of europs falling population . 
  it 's the only semi-rational thing i can come up with . 
  just like how our gov let in tons of mexocans to drive down wages here . 
  as far as everything i 've read , there has not been any alternative proposed besides rescuing people 1km off of libya , and bringing them to italy . 
  have i missed anything ? 
  you can patrol the med with ships , satellites , planes , drones , underwater listening devices just for starters . 
  you do n't need a wall . 
  i ca n't believe how defeatist so many are being . 
  you guys have plenty of great technology , you just do n't have the will to use it . 
  why do so many people act like it 's not even worth trying to secure the borders ? 
  as far as the mediterranean , it 's easy enough to have planes patrol the african coast . 
  of course , if you are just going to pick them up and bring them to europe anyway , i guess it 's a waste of time .
