  that is indeed what the eurozone countries are trying to build ; but it is not right for many eu countries , and it certainly is n't right for britain . 
  uh , no , we see a bunch of countries that can not cooperate in times of crisis . 
  we see the rise of nationalists as well . 
  sorry boris . 
  wow . 
  what for ? 
  who funds it ? 
  i was just saying that because bernie is jewish , which does n't seem to be a point of much discussion here . 
  as a completely secular person with a jewish background , i 'm always a bit troubled by these conspiracy theories in countries that barely have any jews in them . 
  so i take it pis does n't support bernie ? 
  do the police ticket people for that ? 
  that is plausible . 
  thanks . 
  why would germany/eu turn down intelligence ? 
  he seems pretty damn sane to me . 
  apparently i 've made people very upset . 
  that 's so reddit . 
  wow , that 's really terrible . 
  he could at least gold you for this . 
  actually it 's not so important for us , and i 'm sure we will continue to lower our involvement in europe . 
  but for your euro bros it matters . 
  he has unlimited ignorance points . 
  ouch, 
  i never get tired of that story . 
  americans leave , refugees arrive . 
  and hamburgers . 
  awful . 
  yes , you make very smelly cheese . 
  i 'm not sure how it works with the ecb , but here there are `` primary dealers '' who buy bonds from the treasury/fed . 
  https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/pridealers_current.html they buy the bonds and then sell them to other parties for cash . 
  they then use that cash to make loans . 
  they also use the bonds as collateral for their own deals . 
  and the fed buy bonds back , and gives them cash . 
   when the federal reserve conducts open market operations , it does so through the federal reserve bank of new york and a network of primary dealers . 
  when the fed buys assets from primary dealers , it credits the accounts of the dealers at the custodial banks . 
  the custodial banks now have excess reserves that can be lent out . 
  this is how open market operations propagate into the economy : it starts with the fed , but is mediated by the primary dealers and the dealers ' custodial banks . 
  it is the lending decisions of these few banks that are most important in determining the way open market operations impact the broader economy . 
  bad latvia !, 
  bad lithuania !, 
  sorry greece . 
  wow , this is really interesting to me , thanks . 
  unfortunately i see a lot of bad things coming of this , especially instability . 
  what about non-military foreign engagement like foreign aid or managing refugee camps , or helping greece deal with refugees ? 
  are you trying to say there is only one way to interpret things ? 
  france does kind of kick ass in sub-saharan africa , does n't it ? 
  those do n't rise very high ... how many units did they add ? 
  not close at all !, 
  he could have really tried to dissuade them at least . 
  of course we had to help once they could n't handle it . 
   quite honestly : we germans lack any feeling of `` responsibility '' for anything outside our borders . 
  given your history , that is understandable . 
  but you are a big , important country country and the defacto leader of the eu . 
  i also seems like france has become increasingly disengaged , which has caused even more responsibility to fall on germany . 
  you guys are in a tough spot . 
  when i think of sprawl , i think of places that do n't have great public transport . 
  so if you can take a train across that expanse , i do n't really think it 's sprawl . 
  it endless suburbs with bad public transit which makes me think of sprawl . 
  i 'd say dublin is one of the few places there is sprawl . 
  the articel that this articel is based on : http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/04/the-obama-doctrine/471525/, 
  you still have monies, 
  poland , uk , france , baltics are not freeloaders , the rest are . 
  let 's put it this way , france and uk currently have the capability to support the us , but not to lead an operation . 
  hopefully that will change in a few years . 
  nyc is terrible at preserving things , but we do have preservation districts . 
  if there are former industrial areas in dublin , perhaps high rises could be put there without damaging the character of the city over all . 
  not really , as you said , france and uk meet the 2 % requirement , which basically means you are making investments in your military . 
  when your aircraft carriers are operational , you will be much better at force projection . 
  in libya , the us was assured that france and uk would take the lead , but they proved incapable . 
  with the carriers , it would have been a different story . 
  i 'm well aware of german pacifism , that ; s why i do n't think it 's realistic to tell germany to build up a military . 
  perhaps it would be more palatable to the people to establish some kind of franco-german force where germany provides the money and france does the dirty work . 
  i just think that in terms of foreign relations , germany can not take a passive/neutral role , and has to act like any other country . 
  it could be done like this : ecb sends money to the treasury of each ez nation . 
  each nation sends checks out . 
  i know it is not ever going to happen , just saying it could . 
  switzerland is n't part of the eu , is n't part of nato , switzerland is n't the largest economy in europe . 
  like it or not , you guys are the biggest , richest country in your neighborhood , you do n't get to choose to be neutral and inward looking without contributing to chaos all around you . 
  that does n't mean you have to have a big military , just that you have to be much , much more engaged . 
  now , now , he just said you guys free rode on libya , not in general . 
  ha , very interesting . 
  we 'd also have to see about my wife . 
  i do n't think tall buildings would ruin dublin , but that 's just me . 
  i understand , i live in the nyc area , there is a massive building boom going on now , but prices keep going up . 
  it may change as people who have lived in rent controlled apartments since the 40 's ( and are paying $ 200 a month for a 3 bedroom on 5th ave. ) die . 
  i did read somewhere that there is a massive amount of abandoned buildings in central dublin , which does n't make any sense to me . 
  clearing that up would be helpful . 
  i was just being a dick . 
  true, 
  they have apologized for this , and it seemed like it was n't possible bc of the nazis . 
  but still , at least they did a lot to save bulgarian jews . 
  hey , i 'm not saying that you will be enemies with france even if you leave . 
  i 'm just saying it will cool the relationship . 
  it 's not like the french have anyone else work with in europe , but they might take on more responsibility for the security of the continent . 
  it used to be french ideas and german , money . 
  maybe it will become french troops and german money . 
  where in holland is the netherlands ? 
  good luck italia . 
  nobody helped you with this for years , maybe they will start now ? 
  military cooperation is separate from the eu , but i ca n't help that thinking that france will look more to the east than to the west with a brexit .
