  in the right top hand corner there was a tiny picture of putin looking from behind a curtain with a look of utter disapproval . 
  anglosphere high five . 
  can you imagine what bros we are going to be with aus/nz when lizzie passes , and they choose to remove themselves from the monarchy in order to avoid king charles ? 
  our neighbors to the north seem to be a little more fond of the royals however . 
  contrary to popular belief , some of us actually know/care about the rest of the world . 
  and while i live in nyc , and know and work with plenty of europeans , this is still the best avenue for me to discuss things with europeans from all over ( who can speak english ) . 
  it 's a great place to learn about other perspectives . 
  also , there are a lot of americans everywhere on reddit . 
  there is nothing more attractive than a man who knows his history ( no homo ) . 
  and i still agree with jeff that the former soviet satellites had to deal with a lot more from the ussr than the americans or western europe . 
  and i am old enough to recall the tail reagan years of the cold war , it was real to me . 
  hell , we called each other commies or `` russians '' in kindergarten . 
  i did n't sleep for a week after watching war games . 
  i lived right outside nyc , we knew we would be toast . 
  eastern europeans on this sub still have to deal with a lot of condescension from their western brothers . 
  you can still understand the context here , as the radical pacifist german deleted his comments and/or account : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2c13ms/the_wakeup_call_europe_toughens_stance_against/cjb0ow6, 
   it 's people were obstracized in germany ( and elsewhere ) based on their refusal to blend in with the majority culture i think it 's relevant because it sounded like you were saying they all refused to be part of society , so bad things happened to them . 
  nitpicking i know , but there is a difference between all and some . 
  not worth arguing about though . 
  i understand that , but you did n't make that distinction in your original comment . 
  quoting a few insane extremists is not exactly representative however . 
  there were many assimilated jews in germany before wwii . 
  i was not aware of the difference in mortgages in spain i suppose that makes these folks a little less sympathetic . 
  however , lifetime debt is how debt peonage and feudalism happen . 
  unless you are ok with that . 
  that is your opinion . 
  in america , we have had the process of bankruptcy since our founding . 
  it is not just running away from debt , it is a managed plan to pay back what you can , and you are frozen out from borrowing anything for 8 years . 
  it has been quite helpful to entrepreneurship . 
  you see what is happening in spain with people who can no longer afford their mortgages ? 
  their lives are ruined because of a mistake . 
   that 's a problem for any currency . 
  why have the same interest rate in nord-rhein-westfalen and bayern then ? 
  i have yet to hear why this is a problem . 
  you are taking that to an extreme . 
  as integrated as euozone economies are , they are not one monolith . 
  spain is separate from germany , and has different conditions . 
  it is a bit over the top to have a different interest rate for each city . 
  as far as even economic development , t hat would be great , but i 'm not qualified to come up with a proposal for that . 
  it was implented under george w. bush , it was a gift to the banks . 
  things have changed a bit since then . 
  you should read up on it , it is truly insane and un-american . 
  i do believe something will have to be done about it . 
  depends where you immigrate , a us judgment can be enforced in most of the world , but there are places you can escape . 
  and why is that ? 
  you are taking a lot of things out of context . 
  i 'm not talking about having a socialist paradise , i 'm talking about having a completely bifurcated society . 
  it is not healthy . 
  as far a college being a bad investment , ok , but these kids are saddled with non-discharegable student debt , basically peons . 
  this is the only debt you can not get rid of in bankruptcy and it is unfair . 
  you are ruining their lives . 
  i 'm sorry , but you are vastly underestimating the greed of humans . 
  if there is cheap money to be had , it will cause a bubble every single time . 
  that is why it is the role of independent central bankers to curtail that via higher interest rates . 
  hell , if the market was that rational , we would n't even need central banks . 
  thie rich are recovering quite well . 
  if we do n't solve this inequality thing in the next 5 years or so , it could finally bring us more in line with european thinking . 
  there are lots of good , hardworking people who have done all the right things , that just can not get ahead . 
  especially all the college grads since 2008 . 
  you ca n't just call all these people lazy , and ignore them . 
  just because you disagree with her policies , does not mean she was wrong on this one . 
  she is not feigning concern for poor countries , she is saying that the devastation of poor countries would be destabilizing . 
  on top of that , i assume she was being vigilant about protecting uk sovereignty . 
  issuing your own currency is a huge part of that . 
  not to mention the almost never discussed fatal flaw of the euro , i.e. 
  one interest rate for a continent of varied economies . 
  when the property bubble in spain inflated on low interest rates from the ecb , nothing could be done , because germany did n't want to tamp down growth in their own country . 
  i have yet to hear a solution for this . 
  if you eliminate direct image posts , that would prevent most garbage . 
  a little more moderation will be needed of course . 
  and i was being facetious about the euroskeptics , a diversity of opinion is a good thing . 
  i think that this sub can remain high quality with a few adjustments . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is a great sub . 
  you think that 's bad , wait until the euroskeptics get here . 
  russian sanctions come to mind as well . 
  people in the lebensbraum !!!, 
  harsh !, 
  some cunt has been downvoting us . 
  up until the dissolution of the empire after wwii , i believe that the uk government felt that australia/canada/nz / india and so forth , existed to benefit the uk . 
  i think there is even less royalist feeling in nz than aus . 
  it 's going to be interesting when lizzie passes away . 
  i do hope the anglosphere becomes closer , we have a lot in common . 
  you might enjoy this post from a really brilliant redditor : http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/2c1oni/world_war_i_and_australia/, 
  they talk about it more than the canadians . 
  some of them are a but sour about how the uk treated them in wwii . 
  quite a disrespectful way to talk about the future king . 
  bad little subject , bad . 
  no yum yum for you . 
  now go to your room . 
  so this is what the brits mean when they say the royals are a tool of soft power , huh ? 
  i suppose they have some use after all . 
  i know honey badger do n't give a fuck , but how about a little more respect for the queen ? 
  in `` my '' plan , the carriers would be under an eu flag , but be under the control of the french . 
  there should be forces from other countries on board , but it would basically be french . 
  it would be their reward for going along with this . 
  it could also form the nucleus of a eu navy , even if it is many years until there is am actual eu navy . 
  these ships could be used for regular military uses , however , i think it would be much smarter to use them as a platform for helicopters to observe ramshackle migrant ships in the mediterranean . 
  i really find it detestable that no other country is helping italy and malta with this . 
  illegal immigration effects the entire eu . 
  honestly , if you can not cooperate on territorial integrity , i do n't know what you can cooperate on .
