  vw was advertising their cars as `` clean diesel , '' what a joke . 
  and vw has lobbied the eu to postpone stricter emissions limits in europe . 
  as for your link , it 's a federal crime to tamper with emissions on your vehicle , so `` rolling coal '' is not legal . 
  so let 's say a belgian guy who is on a 5 eyes list tries to get into the uk , can he be denied entry for cause ? 
  this is wrong it 's not even funny , we fine any auto company that breaks the law/regulations . 
  japanese , korean , german and american . 
  the penalties are written into the laws , vw knew exactly what the price would be for lying and cheating luike they did . 
  it is n't like they tried their best and could n't pass emissions , they created software to pass the test and lied to the epa multiple times . 
  this is one of the most egregious acts of fraud i 've ever seen , and it 's hurting the health of people around the world . 
  if eu people have to go through passport control to get into the uk , how is it damaging security ? 
  did you died ? 
  or black friday . 
  how does black friday make any sense without thanksgiving ? 
  a lot of people over here are advocating for that . 
  people are always going to treat terrorism and street crime differently though . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  meh , i 've lived in london and visited paris , rome and tons of other places in europe , and i generally feel safer from petty street crime in nyc than anywhere else . 
  again , if you are in a bad area , you could get hit by a stray bullet , and there is no denying the homeless problem has recently gotten much worse , but it 's still very safe . 
  crazy people and weirdos have always been a part of nyc , and i 'm sure it 's one of the major reasons that tons of people leave for the suburbs by the time the kids get to kindergarten . 
  i think you are letting the media and being a new-ish parent mess with your head . 
  i 've also never had an issue , despite being a moron and doing a lot of risky crap . 
  crime , and gun crime is on the way down in nyc , and has been for a long time , it is getting better , not worse . 
  if you are a poor person living in a bad neighborhood , it is not a good situation , otherwise it 's pretty good . 
  that being said , nyc is insanely expensive to raise kids in , not easy . 
  it 's true , i 've been killed 12 times so far . 
  who is going to save you ? 
  i too scooted around hvar , it was amazing . 
  good work !, 
  when i was 25 , i went on a trip with my grandfather to visit my aunt in sf . 
  we stayed in a very nice hotel , which was a short walk from the tenderloin . 
  one night i could n't sleep , so i wandered the tenderloin at 2am just to prove to myself i could . 
  what the fuck was wrong with me ??? 
  anyway , i had totally forgot about this until reading your comment . 
  i do n't think you understand what the what the word `` random '' means . 
  is there any social stigma to never working ? 
  that might seem random to the victim , but there is a legitimate police motivation behind it , not just randomly attacking a person . 
  i 've stopped eating bread , i just use sugar paste pancakes . 
  from the nyt :  brussels -- the belgian authorities on monday conceded another enormous blunder in their investigation into the attacks last week on brussels . 
  they freed a man they had charged with terrorism and murder , acknowledging that he had been mistakenly identified as a bomber in a dark hat and white coat in an airport surveillance photo . 
  yes , but they usually have some kind of contact with the police first . 
  they generally do n't attack you from behind for no reason . 
  a lot of our police suck , but they do n't randomly attack people in the streets for no reason . 
  but there was that post here that said ireland was a british isle , so it may not be safe . 
  not really , language just takes time to evolve . 
  for most americans `` europe '' means western europe , and for anywhere else , you add more info . 
  1968 too . 
  uh yeah , i do n't really wish we had hooligans here . 
  nyc after 9/11 was really boring compared to this . 
  do they hate jews ? 
  baggy jeans , hooded sweatshirt . 
  you said there was no illegal activity relating to fifa in the eu , there was . 
  this is honestly insane . 
  are the belgian security/police people mentally deficient ? 
  uh no , euros are far less likely to start a fight , not that is a bad thing . 
  because they are cowards . 
  these are not great folks . 
  people are going to be scared of planning violence online because that is illegal . 
  otherwise you can say and do whatever you want . 
  we ca n't be arrested like the `` explain islam '' fella in the uk . 
  i 'd have a massive nervous breakdown . 
  the horror !!, 
  what about this ? 
  platini , who led uefa took bribes from blatter , and concacaf was just as filthy , as the rest of them were i 'm sure . 
  too . 
  what did the eu do to eufa ? 
  or any individual countries ? 
  pretty good policy if you ask me . 
  if someone can not be rehabilitated , they should not be released . 
  europe is shorthand for the eu in this sub , and you know that . 
  and yes , switzerland is not part of the eu , but many criminal acts took place on eu soil . 
  monetary policy , internal security and external borders are pretty damn important to work together on if you are in a `` union . '', 
  none are handled well right now . 
  i 'm not saying it 's correct , i 'm saying that is what people think . 
  even fritzl ? 
  i 've never heard anyone criticizing bosniaks here . 
  plenty moved here and there are no issues . 
  when people think `` radicals '' here , it 's me muslims . 
  bullshit , the boston tea party was an inside job . 
  if europe could n't even work together keep fifa in line while it pulled of massive fraud in open daylight for decades , they probably ca n't work together to stop radicals either . 
  spoiler alert next time . 
  thx, 
  i do n't disagree at all . 
  just saying why we do n't get large scale threats to often . 
  no doubt about that . 
  the difference in the us is that the muslim community almost always turns in anyone before any type of organized plot happens . 
  apparently this does n't happen often in continental europe , and apparently never in belgium . 
   `` we informed the brussels embassy of the deportation process of the attacker with a note on july 14 , 2015 . 
  however , the belgians released the attacker despite his deportation , '' erdo\u011fan said ? 
  you know we do n't just have foxnews , right ? 
  ny times is high quality/leftist and is very popular . 
  so belgium is as shitty at security as everyone says . 
  awesome . 
  there has already been a bit of arson , etc. 
  of migrant centers on germany ; if there was an attack on german soil do you think there would be attacks on the migrants in the streets ? 
  given at our court at buckingham palace , this fifteenth day of march in the year of our lord two thousand and sixteen and in the sixty-fifth year of our reign . 
  god save the queen, 
  no , i 'm not ok with anyone killing anyone else unless it 's self-defense and totally necessary . 
  obviously it 's terrible there are some backwards people stuck in the past , but at this point it seems to be a few hopeless zealots . 
  i did visit ni last summer and saw the `` peace walls '' and murals and all that , hard to believe that 's in europe . 
   700 rounds of assorted ammunition way more than that in my closet .
