  we were over there for a wedding , neither my wife or i have a drop of irish blood . 
  we were definitely treated like family though . 
  if you want to hear something funny , in ny we have adopted the opposite view on italian food . 
  we assume that our italian food and pizza are so good that it would be stupid to eat italian food anywhere else besides italy , philadelphia or boston . 
  if you see my long winded story in this thread , i had to bite my tongue from telling the lady that i did n't want to eat italian food in ireland . 
  truth be told , it was very good , once i had them bring me oregano , red pepper and garlic salt . 
  the ingredients and overall execution was quite good , but it was barely seasoned at all . 
  i guess i never paid attention to how many irish people i run into here , but the fact they knew the exact area i am from in so much detail was crazy . 
  very cool experience . 
  such a nice story !, 
  not as cool as your experience , but i had a super nice stranger in barna , ireland ( suburb of galway ) help me and my wife out in a way i wo n't forget . 
  we were walking to a seafood place on the water from our hotel , and this irish lady who is walking her dog hears me and my wife 's american accents and asked how our trip was going . 
  told her we were having the best trip of our lives ( seriously , it was the best trip ) , and i asked how that seafood place is , and she said it 's great . 
  we thank her , and go into the place , just to be told there was a two hour wait . 
  so we go back to go eat at the hotel for the third night in a row , and we run into the lady again . 
  she asks why we did n't eat there , told her the wait , and she tells us that she knows a good italian place that we can go to . 
  the hotel had an amazing `` gastro pub '' in it , but we were sick of it , and thus , we decided to go to the italian place . 
  the lady offers to walk us there , and i decline , because it looked like she was going the opposite way . 
  so she says `` not a bother '' and scurries off . 
  we get to the restaurant about five minutes later , and the lady is there holding the door open . 
  she goes in with us , gets the owner and tells him `` these are my friends from new york , i want you to take very good care of them . '', 
  and of she goes . 
  so they treated us like royalty at dinner , amazing service . 
  though i 'm pretty sure they treated everyone like that . 
  when we went to leave the owner asked us how we knew the lady , and i told him we met her an hour ago . 
  tells me he is n't surprised . 
  turns out the owner used to live in white plains , ny , 10 minute drive from where i 'm typing this . 
  then a guy at the bar who lived in the woodlawn section of the bronx ( 30 min drive ) , and met his irish wife there , before they moved back to ireland . 
  was so crazy meeting people across the atlantic who know exactly where you are from . 
  was n't like these guys stayed in times square for a weekend , they were new yorkers . 
  it was funny , i could n't have bullshitted these guys even if i wanted to . 
  and the fact that they were so fucking nice to me after hearing i was from westchester county ( right north of the bronx ) made me feel like they were treated well when they lived here . 
  at a wine bar in galway , i met a bartender whose sister lives in the tiny town next to the tiny town i grew up in . 
  this guy in ireland had heard of my town , and people who live more than 30 minutes away never know it exists . 
  i could go on forever about how well i was treated , but let me tell you , i had no clue that so many people in ireland knew so much about new york . 
  it was like finding out you had relatives overseas or something . 
  sorry for the rambling . 
  it 's not loud like americans can be , it 's condescension and smugness . 
  your friends are going to love it . 
  make sure to embarrass bimmers and audis . 
  please tell me you have the 5.0 . 
  that 's a pretty damn big drive , not gon na be cheap . 
  i 'm sure you are aware a plane is much , much safer . 
  what about a train ? 
  i just meant in this sub , not irl . 
  for example , if i ever said `` it 's bad germany does n't have same sex marriage , '' i 'd only get responses of `` we have civil unions , it 's not a big deal , no one cares . '', 
  those are the same people celebrating today btw . 
  and those same people would go on at length , about how ee are racist for not taking their quota of refugees , greeks are lazy and americans are stupid . 
  now that i think about it , it 's a few people primarily from one country . 
  and i did say it was only a few to start with . 
  by me , in the nyc ` burbs its $ 2.50 a gallon . 
  i saw on the news this morning that is was $ 1.98 in the atlanta ` burbs . 
  this is really , really low , but i 'm not complaining , esp since i 'll be driving a few hundred miles this weekend . 
  holy shit . 
  for reference , 50 liters in the nyc ` burbs is 29 euro , and we are on the more expensive side . 
  the standard for fb is the same as in a newspaper , or out on the corner . 
  if you write `` let 's attack x mosque tonight ! '', 
  you are getting arrested . 
  it has to be an immediate incitement , not something like `` all jews deserve to die ! '', 
  just clarifying , not making an opinion statement, 
  i do n't think that is how it would go . 
  more like the government either refuse to kill it 's own people , or backs down after killing thousands . 
  the people do n't have to win a military victory . 
  let 's just hope it does n't ever happen . 
  i too have never heard any american advocate for limits on speech . 
  lol . 
  only if you want downvotes !, 
  i will say that we could use a little bit of the self-critical attitude of spain . 
  looks like trump is helping us get there . 
   and you 're not allowed to incinerate people i 'm very happy you guys have stopped that practice . 
   the british empire did far worse than anything the nazis ever did , and they were accoladed for their empire enough that to this day , the period 1800-1945 is associated with romantic tales of adventure , sherlock holmes and prude fashion tbf , if the nazis were in power for that long , pretty sure they would have eclipsed the brits in evil deeds . 
   the important one is `` volksverhetzung '' , which basically means to appeal to people in public that they should go out and kill/hurt other people . 
  incitement to violence is not legal in the us or anywhere else , and no one is advocating for it to be legalized . 
   but we still have a few northern europeans lecturing us on how backward and intolerant we are . 
  those few northern euros also lecture ee and the us . 
  they criticize everyone but themselves . 
  the dutchies got ta rub it in on germany 's special day . 
  congrats germany !, 
  very impressive !, 
  i seriously had to put / s on that one ?? 
  sunniest too, 
  here is a useful article : http://energydesk.greenpeace.org/2016/09/19/toxic-air-new-york-cleaner-london/, 
  yes , london is nowhere near milan or paris . 
  bloomberg tried to get a congestion charge in nyc , but the state blocked it . 
  actually , it 's quite clean by my office : http://aqicn.org/city/usa/newyork/division-street/ by all means , look up historical data comparing london , nyc and paris , not single air sample stations . 
  it 's not even close . 
  i used to live in london , the diesel exhaust is ridiculous . 
  and paris might as well be in china with it 's winter numbers . 
  you know that rolling coal is illegal right ? 
  and that american cities have much cleaner air than europe , right ? 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/12/science/who-says-europe-trails-us-in-reducing-air-pollution.html  but in europe , a higher percentage of cities exceeded the limits set by the w.h.o. 
  than in north america . 
   that disparity was greatest in wealthier countries ; more than 60 percent of european cities failed to meet the guidelines , compared with less than 20 percent in north america . 
   cities in wealthier asian countries like japan , korea and singapore , the report found , also outpaced europe , with more cities in compliance . 
   `` the united states primarily has done an excellent job , moving from being a very dirty place in the 1950s to quite a clean place today , '' said dr. carlos dora , the health organization 's coordinator for its department of public health , environmental and social determinants of health . 
   europe , he added , `` has also moved from being extremely polluted , '' but it has lagged -- a delay that experts have speculated may result from factors that include wider use of fertilizer in urban areas , weaker environmental regulations and the popularity of diesel-powered engines . 
  not only are you behind us , you are behind asia . 
  making smug comments on the internet does not change the fact that thousands of europeans are being killed by this pollution , and yet you are doing nothing to change it , and get mad when vw gets fined . 
  but hey , we have morons here who are lobbying the government to take away their healthcare , so i 'm not going to say you have a monopoly on idiocy . 
  now if you excuse me , i 'm going to go for a stroll and breathe some clean nyc air .
