  or that prayers are said in many public schools around the continent , or that germany taxes people by what religion they are born as , or that the queen is the head of the anglican church . 
  these are the things that we are avoiding with separation of church and state , not unmandated expressions of religion . 
  i am very unhappy about trump winning , but i have no problem with the inauguration or jesus talk , and thought it was nice they included a rabbi . 
  she has an audience with the prime minister weekly . 
  i 'm sure policies and affairs are never discussed . 
  they probably just talk about the weather . 
  one of the most ridiculous comments i 've ever read in / r/europe . 
  he 's the chief executive and commander in chief , he 's not just a head of state . 
  yes , just like people would find having a queen who is the head of your state church who goes around knighting people quite weird . 
  you did see the orthodox rabbi right ? 
  if he part of the cult ? 
  they think he is a hypocrite because he preaches about charity to everyone , and does some crazy offshore tax avoidance scheme . 
  so they have a point on that , and i 'm guessing some just find him arrogant . 
  ah , sorry , thought you meant a fiscal union where certain states had no representation in budget matters . 
   ( and a political body that takes the right for budgetary bungling out of the hands of the troubled states ) . 
  ha , you want to put countries into administration ? 
  yet another bad decision ... actually i think trump loves the uk , and will do everything he can to help bc he does n't like the eu . 
   and now are baffled that this unnormal state is n't for all eternity . 
  i know you are not in a full fiscal union , but you are in a political union with countries that are always going to be poorer than you . 
  it is `` normal '' for richer country ( or us state ) to have money always going to other countries . 
  i do think the countries want leadership and money . 
  i think german leadership is the only way the eu survives , and it might even thrive if that leadership includes debt forgiveness for greece . 
  i understand the whole thing can be uncomfortable for germans . 
  not only are you being asked to increase defense spending , but you are really being asked to lead europe in pretty much every way . 
  it 's a bit funny to me that the rest of the world is much more comfortable with germany being a leader in all facets than the german people . 
  but i do understand where germans are coming from . 
  having a credible defense does not mean having an interventionist defense policy . 
  if anything , having your own defense capabilities/policy means you can stay out of interventions , instead of being a token . 
  if you are saying that germany is permanently pacifist , i think that does not bode well for the future of the eu . 
  if the us pursues an isolationist policy , your eastern neighbors are going to be clamoring to you for defense . 
  and if you ignore that , i think it will really destabilize things . 
  i understand that germans are pacifists and find all this distasteful , but that does stop geopolitics from being a thing . 
  perhaps you can fund french and polish forces , require them to purchase german arms . 
  trump is openly hostile to the eu and nato , and europe and germany is going to have to adjust to that for a good outcome . 
  it 's actually a great opportunity for the eu , do n't waste it . 
  welp , guess i 'm keeping a loaded musket under my bed from now on . 
  the mountains help too . 
  everything you say is true , but the post war , and now , post cold war era is over . 
  you are going to have to start functioning in a traditional manner if the eu is to survive . 
  and do n't you think in the long run , that is a good thing ? 
  why outsource your defense if you no longer face an existential threat ? 
  it 's not like most germans or their government are in lockstep with us foreign policy . 
  as for being perplexed about your neighbors to the east looking to you for help , you are so much bigger and richer than them , i 'm sure you can understand it . 
  the biggest reason is that common law puts the text of a contract before anything else . 
  civil law spends all thus time trying to figure put the intent of the parties , which makes for unpredictable results . 
  if the us wants to repair a satellite now , we have to use a soyuz . 
  i know there are lots of concerns about infrastructure and office space in dublin , but i really hope they can work it out . 
  the common law and the english language are big advantages for them . 
  maybe this will spur development of a meaningful business district . 
  omg , the germans have it backwards ; you do n't not spend bc you do n't know what the us is doing , it 's exactly why you need your own defense . 
   it 's artifical heritage and it 's cultural appropriation . 
  it 's an excuse to drink , like cinqo de mayo , or st. patricks , but obviously organizers ca n't say that , so it 's about `` heritage . '', 
  he was a man of his time and enslaved , tortured , stole and killed . 
  as for how he became a hero of italian americans , i 'm sure a lot was lost in translation . 
  holy shit , what an asshole . 
  they do n't teach great things about being friends with native americans on thanksgiving anymore , talk to any young person . 
  and while we still get off for columbus day , the entire holiday is now a discussion on the evil he did , and how the italian-american community celebrates it as a day of pride , more tan about columbus himself . 
  he was acting like a dick at the funeral ? 
   he 's the most hated figure in irish history . 
  from lurking in / r/ireland , i thought that title was held by bono . 
  i also have a black cat !, 
  surprises me that people in countries with great benefits do n't have higher birthrates . 
  if i could find reasonably priced childcare , i 'd actually consider procreation , though any child would be a disappointment after my cat . 
  you would think they could have just loaded a defeat device instead of shutting them down . 
  coal and diesel ftw !, 
  at least you go to experience being an american on / r/europe for a minute . 
   the book emphasizes that russia must spread anti-americanism everywhere : `` the main ` scapegoat ' will be precisely the u.s. '' lot of fertile soil for that to work . 
  you are wrong . 
  this generation mustang was developed from day one to be sold around the world . 
  it 's brand new , nothing was adapted . 
  this is how ford is doing things now , 1 global platform , developed globally . 
  the mustang is on one platform for sale around the world , that is what is meant by a global car . 
  same as fiesta , focus , mondeo/fusion . 
  i 'd get 40mpg on the highway , that 's pretty good . 
  yeah , like amber lights and other things that are required in europe . 
  otherwise it 's the same car . 
  this is the reason you can even buy a mustang in europe now . 
  please look up ford 's `` world car '' strategy . 
  this is n't true any more . 
  i own a fiesta st , engine built in the uk , car assembled in mexico . 
  this is n't true any more . 
  ford makes cars that are sold globally . 
  like the mustang , focus , mondeo/fusion , fiesta . 
  the mustang is world car , it is the same in every market . 
  that 's the point of fords current strategy . 
  ford does `` world cars '' now , all designed and manufactured globally . 
  doh , missed that somehow . 
  i 'm not sure if the 1l costs any more . 
  i used to have the 1.6 , got very good mileage . 
  no , it 's still there for trucks , especially heavy duty towing . 
  but in passenger cars , it 's done . 
  buick is huge in china . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about , do you ? 
  why do n't you take a look at the camaro ss 1le , almost identical road track times to the cayman gt4 at well under half the price . 
  then you have shelby gt350 which is faster than the bmw m4 gts at less than half the price . 
  you spend half the difference on mods , and the american cars will absolutely stomp the euro cars . 
  and on a road track , not drag strip . 
  look up the car and driver 2016 lightening lap if you do n't believe me . 
  not true , you can get the 3 cyl 1 liter here . 
  i have an st , love it .
