  i 'm surprised people favor us over ireland . 
  seriously , ruins the whole thing . 
  yes , that is true , but the shareholders/board members of the fed branches are private bankers . 
  it 's really a weird institution . 
  not true , the fed and boe at least are funded by their banking operations , not by taxpayers . 
  the fed turns over any excess profit after costs to the treasury every year . 
  this things are governed by law , but are quasi-private , they are n't technically a part of the government . 
  the impression the cab driver got was that these folks were not used to the `` big city . '', 
  the only european tourists i find irritating sometimes are the italian/spanish on the subway . 
  they do n't hold onto the poles and go flying into you and think it 's the funniest thing ever . 
  and they are literally screaming in your ear the whole time ( that is how they talk , they are n't angry , as i 'm sure you know ) . 
  i think the shills would be the most extreme commenters . 
  for example , if you want to make an economic blog look bad , go on there and talk about how jews run the planet and someone needs to finish what hitler started . 
  unfortunately many of those comments are from actual ignorant people , not paid trolls . 
  why is it a problem for execs to get paid in with stock ? 
  it 's an incentive for them to make profitable decisions . 
  why would the company itself care about a hostile takeover ? 
  maybe because it could be bought and split up and sold off . 
  the worth of a publicly traded company is determined by its market capitalization , how could the company not be concerned about that ? 
  umm , companies and their executives care a lot about stock price . 
  the company usually own a ton of of their own stock , and high ranking employees get stock in their bonus . 
  not to mention , if your stock goes down a lot , you can be raided by a hostile parties who can buy it up and take control . 
  i find that kind of surprising . 
  in the summer half of scandinavia comes to nyc , and i do n't think i 've met any rude swedish tourists . 
  german tourists can be funny . 
  i had a cab driver who had some german passengers last friday . 
  they asked him to wait in front of macy 's on 34th street for 10 minutes while they went shopping . 
  he told them that he could n't , he would get a ticket ( that 's a very busy street ) , and they threw a little fit and said `` in germany the cab driver waits for you !! '', 
  and were cursing him out in german . 
  so he found a cop who told them he could not wait outside , and told them to pay him . 
  the driver was an old white guy , so not racist on the german 's part i suppose . 
  it 's your family , i 've never heard a family member of mine say the n word . 
  i was taught that is the lowest thing you can do . 
  racist against scandinavians ??? 
  you would lose that competition . 
  that is what it says on this very page i 'm viewing right now . 
  then they must have updated it , i submitted it directly from the bbc mobile app , i did n't enter the title myself . 
  edit : it looks like it has updated on the post as well . 
   inbreeding in norway is greatest in the whole world congrats guys !, 
  i used the bbc title . 
  jews are definitely not out of fashion with everyone . 
  well , i also lived in hackney when it was still a shitty area and i was drunk and obnoxious the entire time . 
  and dear god , you should see what goes on in a london bus at 3am . 
  i honestly think i 'm just lucky , or that because i 'm not a big guy , people thought there was probably something wrong with me for acting like that . 
  and that was probably the case , until very recently i had an atrocious temper . 
  now i 'm a lover , not a fighter . 
  this is all so confusing . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm lucky or something , i studied in the uk for 6 months without getting my head bashed in . 
  i believe mesopotamia was the first place where agriculture happened , and thus beer !, 
  trust me , i 'm a professional drunk . 
  old habits ... 
  in mesopotamia ( ancient iraq ) , early evidence of beer is a 3900-year-old sumerian poem honoring ninkasi , the patron goddess of brewing , which contains the oldest surviving beer recipe , describing the production of beer from barley via bread . 
  it is [ like ] the onrush of tigris and euphrates . 
  do most pubs still close at 11 ? 
  they were carrying sacks of these thing everywhere . 
  made a terrible mess with all the crumbs and what not . 
  just curious , why should i hate them ? 
  i studied in the uk , and of course people would give me some shit , and i 'd give it right back , and then they were ok with me . 
  the funny part is i look very generic white american , but most of my `` heritage '' is jewish , and that just never crossed the mind of any brits . 
  so i was privy to a few `` jew '' comments , at which point i would inform them i was jewish , and they were mortified . 
  it was generally harmless comments like , `` i ca n't afford that , i 'm not jewish . '', 
  but still . 
  anyway , you seem to have hurt that fella 's feelings , he deleted his posts !, 
  i dated that spanish girl for five years , so i 'm familiar with the attitude , it 's quite similar to the italian way of thinking about alcohol . 
  i did find it truly insane that when i lived in london ( late 90s ) that the pubs closed at 11 . 
  i basically wanted to go home , but by some miracle the pub across the street was open till 2am . 
  this was the late 90s . 
  and everyone there thought it was horrible because the binge drinking , i guess they have changed it by now . 
  i just remember every time i was at a pub at 11pm there was a fracas , many times broken glass and police . 
  i even remember a bunch of drunk guys calling a female bobby a bitch , and the cops spraying tear gas , fun !, 
  i think our drinking age is a joke in the us , but overall , we generally do ok with drinking , we have nothing on the irish and english . 
  beer is absolutely huge here now , and it 's about people drinking a few outstanding ( and strong beers ) instead of 24 bud lites . 
  new york  old york, 
  the mesopotamians invented beer . 
  not all `` anglo '' places , you can come to the us or canada and generally not worry about drunken idiots assaulting you on a night out . 
  then again , i do n't know if anywhere in north america is anglo ... 
  you ca n't deny that many brits have a special love for the germans ... 
  where are you yanks from ? 
  that was very informative . 
  are you actually canadian ? 
  ha , this is funny ( not really , but you know what i mean ) , i too had an interesting night in bournemouth , though much longer than 7 years ago :-( it was new years eve , and we went down by the water , and apparently the thing to do there is to kiss as many girls as you can , so sure , why not . 
  so after midnight everyone goes and drinks in a big parking lot and then sleeps in their cars . 
  so we are drinking , and this big guy and his two friends show up and everyone murmers how he just got out of prison after a number of years for grievous bodily harm or whatever . 
  fast forward a couple of hours , i 'm trying to sleep in my buddy 's car , and the big guy and his friend start chasing each other around the car with big bottles of west country cider ( which i could n't see ) . 
  so they are running around and around the car and jostling , and i start getting pissed of , my buddy tells me to calm down . 
  one guy starts calling the other `` west country trash , '' but i thought he was making some american slur i had n't been lucky enough to hear . 
  so i open the door and hit the smaller guy . 
  everyone gets out of their cars , yelling , next thing i know my buddy and his friends ran away to the far corner of the lot . 
  so the big fella is all `` oi oi mate , you haff my size . '', 
  and i said what of it , and continued to be pissed off . 
  his other friend asked me where i was from , i told him brooklyn , and he apparently had visited in the late 80s , when it was horrible . 
  he made some joke about how his friends would have been shot for acting like drunk idiots , and i agreed ( even though it was n't true ) . 
  and the big fella slapped me on the back and `` oi mate , i like yoo . '', 
  and we all lived happily ever after . 
  when i visited the alicante/benidorm area of spain , i noticed it was only pasty people who were n't speaking spanish that were acting up . 
   people putting masks on my face this is a euphamism for bukake , right ? 
  in ny we can drink until 4am , and drink quite a bit more than the mediterranean folks , but less then ireland/uk , and it generally does n't get nasty . 
  that being said , when i visited my then gf in the alicante area right after i graduated college , her friends were mortified with my drinking . 
  that 's a special type of ignorance .
