  yeah , like the guy that ran over and stabbed people in ohio . 
  ooh , that beer gets very good reviews . 
  will have to look for it . 
  evil twin is yummy . 
  third time is a charm, 
  i do n't think it 's so expensive that one is going to kill you . 
  at least it 's not very expensive here , maybe in places like finland , idk . 
  belgian brews are top notch , no doubt . 
  cantillon , rodenbach , duvel , rochefort . 
  mmmmm, 
  rochefort bruh . 
   ireland is the same as the uk . 
  this triggers the irishman . 
  i had a lot of good craft brew on my trip to ireland , though i notice your ipas do n't really have piney/citrus hops . 
  however , there was n't good beer ( besides stouts ) at your random pub . 
  coors light and bud light everywhere !, 
  the only thing they have in common is the name . 
  heineken and amstel are atrocious . 
  i have n't seen much dutch craft beer here , certainly less than scandi brews ... 
  it 's so strong you do n't have to drink so much of it . 
  that 's the office the author works out of . 
  if that is n't oppression , i do n't know what is . 
  or in belgium itself in wwi . 
  fella did n't learn history i guess . 
  yes , collective punishment is great , like in wwi when the germans lined up and shot belgian civilians in town squares bc * francs-tireurs * . 
  ( / s obvs ), 
  i believe the british phrase is `` taking the piss . '', 
  i do n't think the alt-right likes censorship . 
  we call those stones `` belgian blocks '' in ` murica . 
  i remember reading about the destruction of the library in the guns of august . 
  did the germans pay for this one ? 
  you suck, 
  lol , he 's going to fight trump in syria . 
  it 's the flag of the good nazis ... 
  i think the multiple concentrations of production , which was more duplicative than ours ( bc we had such cheap water transport ) led to much higher demand for engineers , which is how the stereotype was born . 
  just a guess . 
  aww , let them build the cute little building . 
  an unelected politician with the title `` lord '' calling citizens stupid ... is this too much for the brits ? 
  yeah , it 's much more complicated with africa . 
  i saw an italian redditor say that france supports a different government than italy in libya , so i 'm not sure how any of it can be coordinated . 
  it 's really used in that sub ? 
  not going to lie , it makes me chuckle . 
  i have a feeling that some defense budgets are going to see a big increase in europe . 
  a bit ironic . 
  i ca n't speak for australia , but the us would no let them drown . 
  we rescued tons of haitians from drowning , and returned them to haiti . 
  we did n't let them in to the us , but we did not let them drown . 
  i do n't think it would be any different today . 
  maybe , but europe will feel the effects more than us . 
  if you have the credentials , i 'm sure you will be able to come here . 
  so she spoke to some russian jews in brighton beach brooklyn , and thinks that is every jew in the country . 
  it 's not that putin loves trump , he hates hillary . 
  especially if nato is not looking good . 
  you are the ones sending us counterfeit goods , do n't blame us . 
  ha , have n't seen that forever . 
  weihenstephaner is the only german beer i drink regularly . 
  yum . 
  erdo is going to flip, 
  these all used defeat devices in passenger cars ? 
  you have a source for that ? 
  are n't audi and seat owned by vw ? 
  as in people put dumb shit on pizza in the rest of the country , or the pizza is not good ? 
  i 'm hoping that is the full text of trump 's inaugural address . 
   the fact that we 're not governed in the style of a celebrity reality show ? 
  seriously , those brits are pathetic . 
  hey , we are pretty responsible with our pizzas bud . 
  we do n't put corn on it , and we sure as hell do n't put ketchup on it . 
  i was at a deep dish pizza place in chicagi a few weeks ago , and a swede was putting ketchup on it !!!, 
  i was gagging . 
  are jews the one group it 's ok to hate ? 
  let 's start a go fund me page . 
  are they going to stay in sweden ? 
  turns out many manufacturers go over the limit in rear world driving , but only vw used defeat devices ( that we know of ) . 
  faking your co2 and nox results on those cars was n't very nice . 
  yes , the ultimate responsibility does reside with the electorate , and this was entirely predictable , and in fact was predicted if hillary was the nominee . 
  there is no need to beat it to death , but there are tons of surveys and polls which showed how well bernie would do against trump . 
  bernie also argued that there would be low turnout if hillary was nominated , which there was . 
  it 's all a shame . 
  how about blame the dnc for fixing the primary against bernie , and lots of people staying home as a result . 
  it did n't have to be this way . 
  absolutely , a successful mission . 
  and to buy our stuff . 
  next to the us . 
  : - / fuck you canada !, 
  blame hillary . 
  you are pledging to the flag and the republic , not the president or any other politician . 
  you can still be creeped out , but that really is n't a reason . 
  if anything , the more anti-government fringe you get , the more patriotic symbolism you will see . 
  right wingers did n't stop saying the pledge bc obama . 
  maybe not wwiii , but the relations with russia would have been very tense after they meddled in the election . 
  butt stuff, 
  can a swede tell us if this article is inaccurate , or if this is a joke ? 
  it 's not a publicly funded hotline , right ? 
  i was just going by apartment numbers . 
  manhattan is expensive , we all have roomates !, 
  i 'm no trump fan , but on paper , i think he is less likely to get us in international armed conflict that hillary . 
  i see that it 's the biggest in croatia , not sure about europe . 
  it 's 1,263 apartments , my old building in manhattan had 1477 apartments . 
  but obviously that is a huge building for the city the size of zagreb . 
  fun fact - i live s few miles from tuckahoe .
