  we did n't know the nsa was syping on our own people , but all of expect to be spying on foreign governments . 
  you comment on youtube ? 
  why do you hate yourself so much ? 
  meh , not dangerous enough . 
  not anymore . 
  last i read was 90 % certain it was a bomb . 
  so is detroit . 
  this is n't going to be the result of a sophisticated weapon , just a bomb . 
  tunisia was n't advanced either . 
  am i the only person who thinks it is not a great idea to go on holiday at unstable middle eastern countries ? 
   and that he could expect more such packages if the three soviet diplomats were not freed immediately . 
  i got hassled by some scumbags in termini ( rome 's train station ) , but none of them were gypsies . 
  my friend had everything stolen in termini , but because she entrusted it to her 80 y/o italian dad . 
  just stay alert and you will be fine . 
  uk girls get abused on this sub !, 
  and as someone who studied in the uk ... no comment . 
  simple food is the best food imo . 
  let good ingredients speak for themselves . 
  we have some good tapas places here . 
  that is the most common type of spanish food in the us . 
  i do n't think it reflects poorly on all of europe . 
  yup . 
  my friend 's puerto rican father makes spiced egg no with 151 bacardi , best thing ever . 
  an english christmas , now that is something . 
  spent christmas at my friend 's uncle 's place in london , and covered their whole house in vomit and missed dinner . 
  scots are scary . 
  i saw it at a belgian beer bar in upstate ny . 
  the place was n't so crowded , so it was n't a huge deal . 
  but upstate in the winter is so cold and dark , that it drives most to drink like fish . 
  see , who wants to eat wooden spoons ? 
  i do n't know , but we do shots of slivowitz ( plum brandy ) at passover seder . 
  everyone does everything differently here , so i ca n't say everyone does this or that . 
  no one in my family ever drank , but my wife 's family are a bunch of drunks . 
  i do think at the majority of homes , when people get together , there will be drinking . 
  now , we do n't drink like the english or anything like that . 
  yes , we do in general drink less , but not everyone becomes a tetotaler upon graduation . 
  i should have gotten myself some buckfast . 
  i 'm not used to roundabouts , and i was shitting myself at first in ireland . 
  everyone drove fairly reasonably though , so it was n't too bad . 
  never had that , and ca n't get it here . 
  i drink a lot of 8-11 % beer , but it def is n't cheap !!, 
  in ireland i think the highest abv craft beer i saw was 7 % . 
  good stuff though . 
  yeah , i 'd say a lot of us binge into our late 20s . 
  and we do have teetotalers as well . 
  i do n't know , i find magners to be a bit sweet . 
  do scandis who visit get frightened ? 
  when i was there this summer , everyone talked to me . 
  i thought it was great , never been treated better . 
  they piss right in the middle of the street too . 
  you are way worse than the irish . 
  the scots are tied with the russians for the biggest drinkers on earth imo . 
  there are some dry ones that are similar to champagne ( here anyway ) . 
  na , italian mothers know how to cook . 
  yum . 
  i figured as much . 
  lagers travel particularly poorly . 
  strong belgian ales travel just fine , and even age well , so at least i have those . 
  how different does fresh czech beer taste than the imports i get at home ? 
  you might want to speak to ireland about that . 
  i visited my ex in spain right after i graduated from university . 
  i was still in college party mode , and drank 5 gin and tonics in a few min . 
  my ex 's friends were mortified : - / said i drink like a sponge . 
  i also have noticed spanish here ordering 1 beer for the whole night , and sitting at a table !, 
  you are too civilized !, 
  my bosnian friend 's father gave me a bottle of homemade rakia . 
  i wish someone had told me about the sipping part , because i drank two pints of it before a concert . 
  it is a miracle i was not arrested . 
  was sick for a week after . 
  never puked though !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i was a college dude-bro , and now i almost 40 , and still drink a few times a week . 
  everyone i know is in the same boat . 
  granted , the uk is the king of binge-drinkers , who even when on holiday , are concerned about getting enough before 11pm . 
  so you wo n't find many 40 year olds puking in the street here . 
  yes , after the revolutionary war we got our own king and nobility , and carried on just as before . 
  we also continued the uk tradition of an unwritten constitution . 
   beppe severgnini is a columnist at corriere della sera , the author of `` la bella figura : a field guide to the italian mind '' and a contributing opinion writer . 
  my 8 y/o lg busted yesterday . 
   a bit like the finish retarded lion shots fired !, 
  i like you, 
  you are really good at intertubing . 
  horn was in the dark about all this . 
  no hashtags or google maps pins plz . 
  i like 7 . 
  what other car companies are blatantly lying ? 
  the difference is that all these people 's children will speak english . 
  it 's not such a problem . 
  he also funds those parties directly . 
  energy prices have dropped so much everywhere that a lot of shale gas production is being halted . 
  low energy prices should help europe . 
  if anything , they would try to agitate the situation and weaken the eu . 
  you and i could have almost everything in the world in common , but if langauge is not one of those things , the rest does n't matter . 
  i know the dutch and nordics speak english , but how is spain , italy , france supposed to feel connected to the uk ? 
  where did the ordnung go ? 
  if voting for nazis is the only way to send a message , things are probably too far gone to do anything about it . 
   after syriza 's surrender , i 'd seriously consider voting for golden dawn if i were greek . 
  you would vote for actual nazis ... ok, 
   nor should it have some special place in history just becasue of the fact it was major factor in the largest war in history . 
  major events in the largest war in human history are pretty damn important .
