  mexicans are # 1 . 
  metric is for commies bro . 
  sorry dude , i have a hate boner for vw after they marketed `` clean diesel '' and cheated and lied after they got caught cheating . 
  not an option , even though the gti is a great car . 
  also , i 'm kind of a ford guy , have had only good experiences with them . 
  ah , i 'm considering getting one of those , though since it will be a station car , leaning more towards the fiesta st. and if i become rich in the next year , i 'll get a mustang gt350 . 
  i had a not at all cool car in stick because i like stick . 
  could n't get rid of it , but luckily my nephew needed a car and we worked it out . 
  we already had an actor for a president . 
  na , he is the stereotype for a ` stan country ( with the exception of pakistan ) . 
  i 'm going to check it out this afternoon . 
  i commute everyday through grand central , best place ever . 
  tons of good food , beer . 
  i never get tired of it . 
  how do you even find your bike !, 
  the thing about an effective threat is that is has to be credible . 
  yeah , but it sucks when it 's time to sell or trade in . 
  we are pretty good at following little rules , but not always big ones . 
  it really depends where you are . 
  in the nyc metro area , you can generally do 15 over on the highway without an issue , and if it 's rush hour and the traffic is moving , you generally can go as fast as the flow can go . 
  but i went on vacation in seattle , and everyone was driving 1-5 mph under the limit , which seemed super strange to me . 
  i was on a highway during rush hour doing 70mph in a 60 , and i got pulled over and given a ticket !!, 
  i actually drove for awhile with the cop behind me because it was unfathomable to me to be pulled over for doing 70 . 
  weirdos !, 
  anyway , as with most things , you ca n't generalize the whole country . 
  because they are goddamn commies . 
  usa can into ordnung . 
  i speak no croatian at all , but was able to get by fine in croatia . 
  i was very impressed with how well people spoke english . 
  check my next comment . 
  i do n't see much of a distinction between `` you are acting like nazis '' and `` you are a nazi . '', 
  edit : what i 'm trying to say is that calling people nazis or saying they act like nazis is not conducive to constructive discourse , and will effectively have the same result . 
  you are right , it was n't about the fence , but faymann compared them to nazis . 
  was n't the austrian government calling hungary nazi state because they used a fence ? 
  i guess they have changed their point of view . 
  i missed that somehow . 
  my bad . 
  ah , thank you . 
  makes more sense to me now . 
  that 's ok , no one has kept the budget deficit requirements for years . 
  so they are no longer obligated to join ? 
  but norway is n't part of the eu , and denmark was smart enough to get an opt-out . 
  sweden is obligated to join , but i guess this is another example of eu requirements being ignored . 
  that 's quite a deal . 
  but you are obligated to join . 
  when is sweden going to join the euro ? 
  bad eu member . 
  it 's hard when you were # 1 , and your rebellious child is the new # 1 . 
  i do n't hear about people complaining about albanians anymore . 
  they were kind of crazy 20 years ago in the bronx and westchester , but now i think they are just other boring americans . 
  an albanian tried to hire ( or at least he said he did ) somene to kill my dad , we had police outside for a few days and the fbi got involved . 
  that was 20 years ago though . 
  you might be too young to remember this but , going out when you could smoke at the bar kind of sucked . 
  not that i 'm taking sides , but the bosnians here are no problem at all , but there are still a few crazy albanians left ... ok , i took sides . 
  dam son . 
  in the 90s and early 00s the albanians in the bronx and westchester county were pretty nuts . 
  i do n't hear much about it now . 
  on the other hand , we get lots of crazy types ( russians in the 80s was totally out of hand ) , but after 20 years they just become boring americans . 
  tortilla from spain . 
  mmmm, 
  lesco is amazing , i second that . 
  the spicier , the better . 
  thank you !!!, 
  are the chinese and indians highly skilled folks on special visas ? 
  i 'd say a shit is worth a whole day of farts . 
  a modern day greek tragedy . 
  like this one ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/47iske/bbc_news_greece_recalls_ambassador_from_austria/ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35658776, 
  table , poop shelf in a toilet , what 's the difference anyway . 
  the `` article '' in the other thread is only one sentence . 
  where are all the non-eu folks coming from ? 
  greece just recalled their ambassador to austria , so maybe you are right . 
  if no one else will take vetted women and children , there is no hope . 
  might be some islands they could use . 
  ideally , genuine refugees would be redistributed , and economic migrants sent back . 
  would greece be open to eu funded refugee camps ? 
  it 's obvious that the migrants will not be granted passage any longer . 
  it 's not bigger , it 's just closer . 
  that 's up to them . 
  seems like they want as many people to move there as possible . 
  tldr ; `` waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa '', 
  lot of tech folks on reddit , ask around . 
  there is no way a `` brain drain '' is going to happen , even if a decent percentage of students stay in europe , it 's negligible . 
  i think it 's a good thing for more americans to go out and see the world , i do n't see any downside to this . 
  i agree . 
  i wish the house and senate had a version of this . 
  no one can think on their feet , they just recite garbage . 
  some hearings with witnesses can be interesting , but not the day to day stuff . 
  useful idiots . 
  or he belched right in the policeman 's face . 
  when are the swedes going to join ? 
  hell no, 
  put shit in your front pants pocket , or get a money belt if you are really paranoid . 
  for the sake of dignity , do not get a fanny pack . 
  it would be great for city dwellers in europe who are choking on particulates . 
  vw has not invested in ev as much as other companies : http://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2016-02-22/epa-forcing-vw-to-build-electric-vehicles-could-be-costly they bet the farm on diesel . 
  he said corruption , which i took to mean dishonest behavior . 
  those guys have a lot of diseases , i 'll pass . 
  sure :-) vino ? 
  brews ?
