  it 's just going to create bad feelings , even if it does n't pass . 
  america is tired of meddling in everything , we are going to be withdrawing ( though hillary is a big interventionist ) from a lot of our activities . 
  what we really need to focus on is the south china sea , where china is becoming more belligerent by the day . 
  it 's not just money , we did the majority of the work . 
  but hey , it 's obama 's fault for going along with it . 
  that could change is there is a full fledged migrant disaster in the next month or two . 
  he said you guys ( and the french ) were free riders in libya , not overall . 
  you think they like you with all this brexit talk ? 
  you always have china i guess . 
  i 'm sorry , but things like that need to be abandoned in light of the shortages . 
  it 's ok with they want to keep it too only some areas , but building up is better than sprawl . 
  i wish this was as well known as denmark 's evacuation of the jews . 
  bulgaria should be very , very proud of this . 
  well , if are saying there is too much judicial activism , ok . 
  but saying there is no rule of law is way over the top , and like i said , these things can be overturned , but no one tries to . 
  i think you have a misunderstanding of our system , which is fairly common . 
  the judges are the final word word of constitutional interpretation , and always has been . 
  `` we are not final because we are infallible , but we are infallible only because we are final . '', 
  - justice robert h. jackson . 
  if the country disagrees with their interpretation , congress may pass a law overturning a ruling , or by amending the constitution . 
  it 's been a living constitution for a very long time , that 's ok , it 's very different than civil law . 
  but you ca n't argue that any government can ignore judgments of the highest court . 
  build tons of hi rises in dublin . 
  but they are based in dublin :-( my dream of being a galway lawyer is n't going to happen . 
  yeah . 
  the way the banking system works is that primary dealers buy bonds from governments , and those banks are supposed to get that money out to people/biz in the form of loans . 
  if central banks just gave money to individuals , banks do n't make loans and do n't make money on interest from those loans . 
  a stimulus payment from the government out of revenues does n't freak them out like that . 
  i drove the wild atlantic way in clare and through the burren , it was gorgeous . 
  but donegal is so much quieter and slieve league is amazing . 
  it could be done , but central banks and the banking community would flip out . 
  money is just electrons , it could be sent directly from the ecb to individuals . 
  the way we did it was to use tax money , which is why it is n't done often . 
  the ones i know of were in 2001 , 2008 ( only for lower income people ) and 2009 . 
  it 's not very common . 
  is n't there a rather severe housing shortage right now ? 
  i do n't really know that bit : - /, 
  i 'm an attorney , and i 've actually done a fair bit of irish law matters for financial products . 
  but i 'm guessing that those jobs ( if there are any ) would be in dublin , and that does n't really appeal to me . 
  guess i 'll have to stick to visiting . 
  would love to rent a house in donegal for a month and relax . 
  most quiet , beautiful place i 've ever been . 
  it would get some economic activity going . 
  they 've done it a number of times here , `` stimulus checks . '', 
  i suppose if you are american , the best route is to work for a us company here , and try to transfer to their office over there . 
  i believe there is a lot of us biotech firms in the galway area , which i am totally unqualified for . 
  if germany is really so upset , they should unilaterally help greece financially and in any other manner they request . 
  they should also transport migrants directly to germany from greece of they think all these people deserve better . 
  being the biggest , richest country in europe means you have to do the work that everyone else does n't want to . 
  someone hire me . 
  i want to work in galway . 
  thx . 
  trump is not really a republican , he has always spoken of running as an independent . 
  that 's why the republican party made him sign a pledge not to run if he does n't win their nomination . 
  he used to be registered as a democrat , gave money to hillary , and she was at his wedding . 
  he 's a salesman , if he gets the nomination i expect him to make a left and broaden his appeal . 
  trump is the other side of the same coin as bernie ; outsiders who are against free trade and other orthdoxies that none of the other candidates dare question . 
  trump is a dangerous , unpresidential clown , but i 'll take him over christian fundamentalist cruz any day . 
  personally , i 'm feeling the bern . 
  how is it not ok ? 
  the constitution says the president nominates justices , and the senate confirms them . 
  that 's it . 
  grow up . 
  in no civilized country can the government ignore the rulings of the highest court . 
  yeah , pretty shitty . 
  she 's not only ignorant , she 's fat and ignorant . 
  the people in the nations do n't have to change , the immigrants do . 
  easier said than done of course . 
  what you are saying makes sense , but the main reason that the views change over time is that because of the appointments . 
  that is by far the most political thing about it . 
  i 'm watching bernie right now , he 's talking about repealing citizens united . 
  he 's basically saying he would appoint liberal justices . 
  that 's ok . 
  the other thing is that you ca n't apply common sense to these cases . 
  it 's hard to arrive at the outcome you want , you are forced to go with the law . 
  i only know this bc i 'm a lawyer . 
  to overturn precedent , you really have to have a really , really strong rationale . 
  as far as appointing justices , it has been pretty overtly political for the last 30 years , which is regrettable of course . 
  while there are political undertones and ideological positions by the justices , there will never be overt political reasoning . 
  you mention the death penalty , but it was actually abolished in 1972 without any legal reasoning or agreement . 
  http://www.findingdulcinea.com/news/on-this-day/may-june-08/on-this-day--supreme-court-declares-capital-punishment-statutes-unconstitutional.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/furman_v._georgia they saved 630 lives , but because the reasoning was so weak , 5 years later the death penalty was reinstated . 
  a lot of the justices were against the death penalty , but had to overrule themselves because under constitutional analysis , the death penalty is not `` cruel and unusual '' punishment . 
  meaning , the act of execution itself is not cruel and unusual , but only if the law is applied fairly . 
  so first they outlawed the death penalty for rape , then for minors , then for mentally retarded / mentally ill people . 
  a lot of states have had their death penalties repealed , and then never tried to pass another one ( like ny for example ) . 
  the legislature of nebraska outlawed it themselves , which is pretty amazing if you know anything about nebraska . 
  so one day the death penalty will be abolished by legislation or by scotus . 
  maybe you could argue this is political , but as long as scotus has a legal means of making a determination , it will do so . 
  btw , in the mid 90s , george pataki was elected governor of ny solely on support for the death penalty . 
  now most people are against it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_question http://law2.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/conlaw/politicalquestions.html, 
  no he was n't . 
  uh , bush v. gore was arguably political , what else was in your opinion ? 
  a lot of people thought legalizing gay marriage was judicial activism . 
  of course , but someone has to be the final arbiter . 
  it 's also why the executive and legislative branches have to agree who to appoint . 
  it 's about stability and rule of law . 
  i 'm not saying polish courts have to end segregation or legalize gay marriage , they just have to interpret the polish constitution . 
  that being said , i 'm glad scotus has pushed the country forward . 
  uh , that sounds a lot worse than trump .
