  i was n't aware of this practice , so asked . 
  did n't expect such a hubbub . 
  that guy is the most obnoxious buffoon here . 
  is my flag on the banner ? 
  someone trying to justify war crimes . 
  just wow . 
  that is fucking insane . 
  could get ugly in europe again ... 
  i am not a truther , but i have seen a lot of effed up sh * t. i worked as an attorney on defense of gitmo detainees , and on the biggest financial scandals since 2006 and it really opened my eyes . 
  shit is so much more f ` ed up than people can imagine . 
  a lot of the stuff i worked on was with europeans banks , wow , i honestly believe the financial system in europe is much more corrupt than here . 
  i 've heard phone calls of central bankers directing people to lie in blatant violation of the law . 
  also look at the assets to gdp ratios of banks in europe , it is nuts . 
  like a bank being 20 times bigger than the economy of the country it is in . 
  anyway , second amendment stuff ... 
  i think it will be handled peacefully before it comes to that , but you never know , there are a lot of pissed of people . 
  this is the most accurate description of our situation i have seen on / r/europe . 
  i ca n't find the article right now ( as i am seriously behind at work !!, 
  ) , but the recent vote to defund prism was made up of democrats and republicans teaming together against both party leaderships . 
  it only lost by 7 votes . 
  it may have been glenn greenwald in the gaurdian . 
  anyway , there is a consensus emerging more on authoritarianism/liberty that is beginning to transcend party lines . 
  it will take years , but i believe there is hope . 
  we are finally starting to fight back against the 9/11 overreactions . 
  putting my tin foil hat on , i would n't doubt there were be attacks by defense contractors / . gov blaming terrorists to make sure they get their billions !, 
  what 's snoo ? 
  i should n't take the bait , but i 'm going to . 
  are you referring to foreign policy , domestic policy or both ? 
  it is also included in the spanish king 's title . 
  this was my thought ... 
  this was the funny part of the joke : `` we all love usa here '' anyway , no offense taken my french friend . 
  umm , i did n't put the american flag as a banner on this sub . 
  so i am not exactly sure what you are trying to convey . 
  i have never heard this before , does n't make much sense to me . 
  a proxy war i suppose . 
  honestly , i thought it got hacked or something . 
  huh ? 
  i know , they just invaded you in the past , but now you are all pals . 
  to what extent can you speak to fins , danes and swedes in their native language ? 
  is it like how spanish people can more or less understand italian ? 
  or would you just use english to speak to each other ? 
  that 's not what sweden said ... 
  i joke , i joke . 
  ( you guys are much nicer [ on reddit ] then the swedes ) edit : i still like swedes, 
  yes , but at least we beat daddy up and kicked him out for being mean . 
  ah yes , i remember seeing rowan aktkinson on tv about this . 
  however , it appears you can still be arrested if you insult a specific person . 
  agreed , but things like this make me very thankful for the first amendment . 
  they can never take my porn !, 
  is there any group advocating for repea of these insult laws , or do they enjoy wide public support ? 
  what do you say about this ? 
  you know it could never be upheld . 
  so this is where we learned to be like this from ... 
  agree with your comments and i 'm glad we can avoid a flame war . 
  if you get a chance , listen to that 4 minute radio clip in my other reply . 
  ( have to leave , do n't have time to research the israel thing ), 
  very good discussion in the radio segment - http://www.npr.org/2012/09/19/161439562/held-dear-in-u-s-free-speech-perplexing-abroad, 
  could you please cite recently ( within the last 40 years ) that a teacher was dismissed in california for being a communist ? 
  the rest of that law seems fairly reasonable . 
  what law prohibits a boycott of israel ? 
  i 've never heard that . 
  agree that the patriot act is a piece of shit . 
  i do not want a flame war at all , but the us and most european countries have quite different views on free speech . 
  for example , any attempt by the government to filter porn would be a ghastly violation of the first amendment . 
  it is n't remotely possible . 
  it also is not possible to ban swastikas , prevent nazi salutes , etc. , unless they were a direct incitement to violence . 
  and of course , you can not threaten the president , even in jest . 
  but please , no flame war . 
  these laws may not be technically `` repealed , '' as in they are still on the books , however they are moot for being unconstitutional . 
  if any governmental body tried to enforce one of these statutes , a judge would throw it out . 
  there are plenty of idiotic laws on the state/local level that were passed to make a statement , but never taken off the books , because they were never used . 
  kind of like this french law , until that idiot sarkozy used it . 
  edit : it would it be lovely if someone could explain the downvotes on this . 
  i 'm guessing it is due to my flair . 
  it is the perfect english ale , malty and balanced . 
  god i 'm dying for one !, 
  my friend from norwich told me about adnams broadside , which i was able to find at a specialty shop . 
  it was very good , but i still like fullers better . 
   the weight of the catholic church ... tell me more . 
  and what beer is that , my monolingual brother ? 
  i fap to fullers esb and meantime london porter . 
  edit : sp, 
  i confess that i read much less then i used to , not a good thing . 
  i do read more nes , and of course reddit . 
  i do have the kindle app . 
  as well , which works great on the phone . 
  a colleague of mine just hade a novel published , so i ordered it . 
  at least i 'll read next week . 
  i commute by train , so i use my phone for games , music , news etc. . . 
  i understand , i get really pissed to all the time too . 
  i would like to start a sub that would be neutral ground for europeans/north americans to disuss things . 
  i think the jerking is caused when americans go into / r/europe to argue , and it makes the europeans feel like they are being attacked on home ground . 
  just like when americans get very mad in a default sub when europeans are making pretty reasonable arguments . 
  it is all about the home turf syndrome , and reverting to some type of tribalism where rationality goes out the window . 
  if there was somewhere neutral it would n't happen . 
  edit : aussies , kiwis and everyone else would be welcome too !, 
  i hear ya , i am not being productive at work at all !, 
  come on , you see americans ranting and raving about nsa watching everything all the time . 
  we know everything has been royally fucked up since 9/11 . 
  i 'm hoping we can start to recover and beging stepping back from these ridiculous overreactions .
