  they both do speak out against corporations and free trade , so there is that . 
  bernie only takes money from small donors , and trump has his own money , so they are not beholden to the usual culprits that pay for politics here . 
  anywho , trump is insane , and does not have the temperment to be president , it would be a disaster . 
  he has his own little group of supporters , but everyone else is frightened at the prospect of him in power . 
  i think your first priority should be increasing exports of belgian beer to the us . 
  i like / u/gerrit8500 , always a reasonable fellow . 
  i also agree that this whole thing started with good intentions , and got out of hand . 
  in my opinion it is crazy to let in masses of people without any kind of documentation or investigation , no matter where they are from . 
  this was my first experience being called right wing . 
  i 'm a jewish bernie sanders donor , so it 's not something i 'd be accused of irl . 
  interesting ... 
  i was surprised too , but apparently it was just one stupid mayor doing it . 
  they asked someone to take down a twitter post that was critical of a refugee center , big thread about it now ... 
  you were not offensive in any way at all , i 've already been called a right wing racist , so your comment is quite nice compared to that . 
  as i said , i can only gauge things from what i read , and what people say online , but most of the dutch folks in the thread are echoing the sentiment that this is an aberration , and they do not feel as though their freedom of expression has been limited . 
  there appears to be in germany and sweden . 
  but i can only go off various websites and comments . 
  it appears to be the consensus that this is not an issue in the netherlands now . 
  i can address all your points quite easily , since you are arguing things i never even brought up . 
  go look through my thousands of comments if you think i 'm some kind of right wing racist , you wo n't find any evidence . 
  but i 've been on reddit long enough to know that it 's a waste of time to engage in discourse with anyone who has such an entrenched viewpoint , and gets borderline personal with attacks . 
  i mean calling someone a pleb ? 
  when you grow up , i 'll engage you , but i should n't have sullied myself by responding to you at all . 
  lesson learned . 
  from what we have learned in the past few years , all of us are under surveillance . 
  that i would expect , just not a visit from police for something that was not an incitement to violence . 
  wow , you are a very angry person . 
  i think it 's terrible , but you are right , it was just an isolated indecent . 
  do n't other twitter users have the right to respond to these people ? 
  i assume hordes of users would go after a person ( online ) who posts reprehensible things . 
  indeed , i wish our media was as balanced as german media . 
  i have to admit i am disappointed that you media was forced to reveal the cologne attacks . 
  they should not have given into the pressure , they made things a lot worse for the immigrants . 
   what about the kids who are now dead or disabled because their parents thought vaccines caused autism ? 
  how does that have anything to do with free speech ? 
  are you saying that anti-vaxxers should not be allowed to talk about it ? 
  there are health laws that musy be complied with , that is what people should be prosecuted for . 
  as for the wbc , i 'm sure it is not pleasant for those families , though usually there are massive counter-demonstrations that completely block off the wbc , so they do n't actually have an impact . 
  but the vast majority of americans are willing to put up with a few terrible people in order to protect everyone 's freedom of expression . 
  wow , you seem to have been triggered . 
  my statement was completely reasonable , please try to respond in a less emotional manner . 
  you would think i advocated for a military invasion of continental europe in order to enforce the 1st amendment . 
  i 'm not advocating for american style free speech here . 
  here are the laws in nl : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hate_speech#netherlands article 137c : he who publicly , orally , in writing or graphically , intentionally expresses himself ** insultingly ** regarding a group of people because of their race , their religion or their life philosophy , their heterosexual or homosexual orientation or their physical , psychological or mental disability , shall be punished by imprisonment of no more than a year or a monetary penalty of the third category . 
  article 137d : he who publicly , orally , in writing or graphically , incites hatred against , discrimination of or violent action against person or belongings of people because of their race , their religion or their life philosophy , their gender , their heterosexual or homosexual orientation or their physical , psychological or mental disability , shall be punished by imprisonment of no more than a year or a monetary penalty of the third category . 
  i 'm not sure what you are attempting to convey , but i do n't think insulting people should be a crime . 
  incitement to violence absolutley should be a crime . 
  i think prior to this crisis , it was n't a big issue at all . 
  now larger groups of people feel like they are being silenced . 
  but we will just wait and see what happens . 
  we learned our exceptionalism from you dad !, 
  because the mayor will tell the police to stop by their house ? 
  i 'm disusing the laws in western europe after 1945 only . 
  first of all , i did not advocate for unrestricted free speech . 
  the kkk and westboro have effectively revealed themselves to be ridiculous clowns , and have weakened any cause they support . 
  i 'm fine with letting them shoot themselves in the foot . 
  guess i 'm going to have to make some phone calls about this . 
  what has the reaction been ? 
  you lease the missiles from us . 
  not sure if we can turn them off . 
  very helpful context , thank you . 
  the aftermath of this will be very interesting to watch . 
  how strict are the laws , and how strictly are they enforced ? 
  to be fair , i was thinking more of the situation in sweden and germany with regards to people being scared of speaking out , and police covering things up that go against the approved narrative . 
  as for the rest , we disagree . 
  so this is just one insane mayor , and the netherlands is still sane then . 
  i was wondering if the netherlands started taking the german/swedish approach , which seems are odds with dutch sensibilities . 
  we own those nukes and can turn them off . 
  i 'm all for this plan . 
  i think that would make your queen very upset , and you might be guilty of treason for proposing such a scheme . 
  i 'm not saying there is a large component of the population that are rabid anti-refugee activists , i 'm saying there is a large contingent of reasonable people who are scared to speak out because of the current environment . 
  i thought the dutch were famous for being direct ? 
  did n't realize that they wanted police enforcing politeness . 
  well that is certainly worth a talking to from the police . 
  he is descended from scots , so i think you should take him back right now . 
  because it is now very hard for europeans to move to the us . 
  statistically they might be worse off in terms of danger in israel compared to france , but there is something to be said about being in a country where you are wanted , and you protection is their highest priority . 
  personally , i wish the us would allow euro jews to come over here . 
  i just read about police going to dutch people 's home for twitter posts . 
  you guys might be the only sane ones left . 
  denmark + usa = bff, 
  what were they posting ? 
  maybe i should have been more specific ; i think most of europe is on a slippery slope as far as freedom of speech . 
  since wwii at least , there have been widespread hate speech and holocaust denial laws . 
  these laws did n't cause much of an issue , because it mostly affected extremists like neo-nazis , etc. 
  one could argue it was quite reasonable to put those limits on after 1945 , and one would hardly feel any sympathy for the neo-nazis . 
  but now , these same laws chill the speech of a very large component of the people , and not only neo-nazis . 
  i just think it 's going to make problems , and makes a right wing backlash more likely than open debate . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but there has n't been much anti-semitism as a component of dutch nationalism . 
  europe is on a slippery slope , is n't it ? 
  edit : the consensus from dutch redditors seems to be that this is an isolated incident by one stupid mayor , and that most nederlanders do not feel restricted in publicly stating their opinions . 
  is it getting wide coverage ? 
  wow , netherlands is the last place i would have expected this . 
  do n't even know what to say , this is insanity . 
  well , if you have unemployed friends , i suppose that is true . 
  i was out of work for awhile , and it was very lonely . 
  my bosnian friend 's father gave me a bottle of homemade rakia , and i drank two pints of it and got effing sick !, 
  you finns in this thread have great answers . 
  i think it 's awesome you guys love your country . 
  lived in london in the late 90s , it was fucking great !!!,
