  it is n't that they did nothing , it 's that they actually handed people over to the serbs . 
  it should be noted that the french un general denied airstrikes that the dutch requested for five days in a row prior to the massacre . 
  there is some evidence that this general made a deal with the serbs to secure the release of 14 french soldiers which were being held hostage . 
  these guys are the wurst . 
  in rural areas , sure . 
  if a small group of people start going to a specific area of split or zagreb , i do n't think you are going to see people flip out right away . 
  does that mean it is ever going to be like paris ? 
  but over time , the numbers will increase , because i am fairly certain there are not many arab muslims in croatia now . 
  nowhere in the article does it say the rocket was fired from inside russia . 
  i 've been to a lot of croatia , and have many croatian and bosnian friends . 
  personally , i do not see urban croatians being anymore unwelcoming than anywhere else . 
  these people are eu citizens , and they can go anywhere they want . 
  there may not be an economic reason for them to go to croatia now , but who knows what the future will bring . 
  i guess joining the eu brings a lot of economic benefits to the balkans , but it could bring some not so great things too . 
  how pro eu do you think croatia is today ? 
  no , having sex with an australian . 
  definitely a douche . 
  pshht , france is the reigning champ of anti-semitism . 
  your glory days are over my friend . 
  the northern irish do n't like him . 
  it 's ok to be happy for your neighbors . 
  i was happy when canada clownstomped sweden for the hockey gold . 
  it did n't go over well at my great grandmother 's funeral . 
  i heard them play pharrell 's `` happy '' right after . 
  yes , you have a much wider selection of sausages than the rest of us . 
  tsk , tsk . 
  rooting for a country on the other side of the planet over your neighbor , fellow eu/nato member ? 
  well , you saw his flair , right ? 
   i guess it 's like how americans do n't like to be portrayed as cowboy hat wearing texans . 
  new yorker here , can confirm . 
  i think tangerine just wants to basks in eurolove , which is in short supply in the uk . 
  he just wants everybody to get along . 
  that is n't how things work of couse . 
  sweden can not into sarcasm . 
  ( or at least bluntpuck ca n't ), 
  last time that happened was the falklands . 
  when you say `` europe caused the mess , '' what do you mean ? 
  i know that my good man , as a euroskeptic brit , you get it worse . 
  however , their anger just strengthens my views . 
  what i find the most amusing is that if i say `` america needs a strong military presence in europe , '' the downvotes and hate poor in , and i am called an imperialist . 
  on the other hand , if i say , `` america needs to extricate itself from europe , and europe needs to become credible on its own from a security standpoint '' i also get downvoted . 
  pretty incoherent if you ask me . 
  i 've never done this in my life , but i 'm going to have defend alabama . 
  these crazies are worse . 
  oh , that makes sense . 
  sorry , i should have made clear that this needs to be a deliberate and coordinated process . 
  i assume it would take over a decade . 
  in the meantime , nato members need to meet their defense spending quotas . 
  i 'm shocked your government is quiet about it . 
  they admitted guilt , there is n't much to hide . 
  i guess i meant on reddit ... 
  i think you are misunderstanding me . 
  i 'm not saying they are our enemy or anything , and we are probably less antagonistic with them than we are with france , but they are still not the anglosphere . 
  as far as canada , they are our next door neighbor , and we can barely tell each other apart . 
  since you bring up wwii , we were on the same side as the anglosphere , obviously . 
  as far as culture , we do not share the same language with germany , and we do share language and the common law system with the rest of the anglosphere . 
  i have nothing against germany , i 'm happy that we were so supportive of them . 
  no country has ever owned up to their wrongs , and made things right like germany has . 
  however , the us is seriously overextending itself , and i do n't want to see us implode . 
  i 100 % trust germany , and want to see them at the center of europe as its leader . 
  i also think that the uk will opt out of the eu , and this will further increase the need for germany to play a larger role in it . 
  the cold war is over , germany does not need us to protect them from the ussr . 
  germany is technologically advanced and has a large arms industry , it can defend itself , should it choose to . 
  germany could also serve as an arbiter between russia and the us . 
  a more multipolar world is good for everyone , and that is what i want . 
  why should we have troops in europe at this point ? 
  it 's insane . 
  we ca n't artificially suppress the importance of germany any more . 
  i trust them with a powerful military , which should reflect their economic power . 
  we should still be allies of course , but the key to a strong and independent eu is one with a strong germany and an intergrated military structure outside of nato . 
  i 'd like to see a strong continental armed force in alliance with an anglosphere force . 
  wwii is over , the cold war is over . 
  it is time for germany to live up to its potential , we can trust them to do this without being unduly belligerent or aggressive . 
  i know many in europe wil have a problem with that , but if they do not like germany , they should not have joined a union with them . 
  even if no one worked for gazprom , we 've never had a relationship with germany like we do with the anglosphere , and we never will . 
  i find it surprising that people ( especially serbs ) rarely bring up wwii croatian atrocities against setbs . 
  they were so bad that hitler was disgusted . 
  what triggered it was the french refusing air support , and the dutch being overwhelmed . 
  some dutch actually handed people over to the serbs . 
  that is so fucked up . 
  what does that graffiti say ? 
  hilarious bro , it 's almost like i did n't even notice your username . 
  after the abandonment of the gold standard currencies floated freely , and the dollar was substituted for gold , because there was nothing else to use . 
  this is why all oil contracts have been carried out in dollars , and why russia and china have just set up an arrangement to avoid use of the dollar amongst themselves . 
  anyway , it does n't matter how much you have the us or what a spoiled , bitter person you are , the fact remains that if the dollar collapses , it would be catastrophic . 
  everyone 's t-bills/bonds would become worthless immediately , and there would be no liquidity left in the world . 
  sure , something would arise out of the ashes , but it would be a bad time for all . 
  but that does n't matter because fuck the usa , right bro ?!?!, 
  shame on me for responding to a bitter troll . 
  but other countries in europe are in more demographic trouble than germany . 
  i still do n't see anyone in continental europe coming close to germany in the foreseeable future . 
  there are wikipedia articles , and there is the real world . 
  if you do n't believe me , just google `` exorbitant privilege '' and start reading . 
  here is a very clear explanation of the bretton woods dollar standard : https://www.britannica.com/nobelprize/article-247599, 
  the dollar is the foundation of the entire world economy , ever since the breton woods conference . 
  if there was some kind of sudden collapse , it would certainly take down the world economy . 
  that is n't to say there could n't be some kind of gradual weakening and eventual loss of reserve currency status , but a sudden collapse would be catastrophic . 
  i do n't understand your point , if the russians do not understand themselves , how can we understand them ? 
  but yes , it is a cliche . 
  does the us not have bases occupying land in europe ?
