  if the dollar collapses , the entire world economy goes down , not just our own . 
  what is the alternative , the euro ? 
  ok , i will take your word on that . 
  it was a huge mistake for us to let them join . 
  you are being oversensitive . 
  kistuol even said my interpretation was correct . 
  is it rude ? 
  yes . 
  but russians can have similar attitudes to americans in some respects , i could easily see an american saying the same exact thing . 
  it 's more of a statement of apathy than a statement that the country itself is shitty . 
  as in `` i ca n't even be bothered to learn about those silly countries . '', 
  not `` those countries are literally shit . '', 
  being insulting does n't mean they care . 
   imo , germany should step up to be a great power , but the interests of germany are not the same as the interests of the us , or even of europe or nato +1000, 
  i appreciate the response !, 
  i live in the nyc area , and know so many russians , there aren ; t even signs in english where my grandmother lives !, 
  my office-mate at work is russian , and mybest friend married a russian . 
  i used to be like `` what the hell is up with putin !, 
  how can people love his shirtless photos ! '', 
  and stuff like that . 
  but they basically explained to me that russian culture is so different then us/western culture , that i was looking at it the wrong way . 
  that people were traumatized by the anarchy of the yelstin years , and how historically russia has needed strong leaders to maintain any semblance of order . 
  they also say that it is impossible for an outsider to ever fully understand russia . 
  now i do n't agree with a lot of stuff that putin does , but it is so simplistic of the `` west '' to think that everyone wants to live our lifestyle . 
  personally i think it was a huge mistake to have nato expand to russia 's doorstep . 
  especially after we hand a handshake deal with gorbachev not to do so . 
  but i guess we needed ore countries to sell weapons to , but they do n't even buy them !, 
  i want the us out of nato , and out of europe . 
  it is beyond ridiculous that we are occupying rich , industrialized and technically advanced countries that have their own arms industry so long after wwii and the cold war . 
  imagine germany stood up for itself and said `` you spy on us , and our leader , get out of our country . '', 
  but they wo n't . 
  this must appear absolutely laughable from russia . 
   but that too will not be forever . 
  who will ever surpass germany ? 
  you have a large population , huge economy and are situated at the epicenter of europe . 
  do you expect the french to take that role ? 
  the italians ? 
   i also think that a bossy germany would do more harm than good to european cohesion . 
  southern europe already thinks you are bossy , but it really does n't matter much . 
  i 'll repeat , without a strong germany , the eu can not work . 
  you have a great opportunity to be assertive , with the us spying on you . 
  this should be a clear sign that the us does not have your best interests in mind . 
  use this to distance yourself from us , and become a strong country . 
  wwii is over , no country has ever repented and made things right like germany . 
  fwiw , i say this as an american jew . 
  but if your neighbors , who you are in an economic/political union and military alliance with , still can not trust you , it is time to take stock of things . 
  the outdated treaties limiting germany 's and italy 's military strength also need to be scrapped . 
  look at how japan has reasserted itself recently . 
  it is time to move into the future . 
   and a free russia one day tell me , do you know many russians ? 
  what makes you think they want what you think is a `` free russia ? '', 
  i presume you mean a western-style democratic russia . 
  many russians like a strong leader and believe it is necessary to maintain order in a huge country . 
  order is values over `` freedom . '', 
  look a putins ' popularity numbers , especially since ukraine . 
  there is a lot of nationalism as well , and military prowess might be values by some over a `` free russia . '', 
  i do n't see how the eu can ever have security without a strong germany . 
  and i do n't see how the eu will ever be taken seriously if it can not defend itself . 
  at the same time , if you ca n't help defend your neighbor ( who is also in nato with you ) because of historical difficulties , i 'm not sure what kind of union it is in the first place . 
  the eu was built on the vision of the 90 's , that history was `` over , '' and that it would be all cooperation going forward . 
  the us had that type of naive thinking too . 
  but we 've all seen that history is not over , it still matters . 
  true . 
  i 'm actually almost identically aligned with your position in re : american troops in europe , so i like the message to be delivered nicely . 
  :-) of course , i am insane for thinking a reddit convo has any meaning !, 
  calm down dude . 
  and in the world of international relations , that is quite strong . 
  especially for an ally . 
  i 'm not sure what else they could have done . 
  he was told . 
   the german government has ordered the expulsion of a cia official in berlin in response to two cases of alleged spying by the us . 
   `` the representative of the us intelligence services at the embassy of the united states of america has been told to leave germany , '' government spokesman steffen seibert said . 
  good !, 
  stand up for yourselves !, 
  if you read the article , you 'd see they talk about it . 
  but as you said , it is long , and i 'd rather not cut and paste . 
  lol , you got downvoted for this comment . 
  i would really prefer not to meet someone like that . 
  pretty sure you could say that about a lot of places , but yes bosnia is very corrupt . 
  but i was more interested in what the dutch have done . 
  you did not read the article , therefore your comment is useless . 
  if they have n't done anything else , it is a disgrace, 
  i agree with you that the death of all innocent civilians should be remembered and honored . 
  i think the article mentioned it , no ? 
  have the dutch paid any reparations , or other aid to the people of stebeenica/bosnia ? 
  the nyt story said that 90 % of victims were muslims , 10 % were serbs . 
  the incidents you have listed would fall in line with that , as they were smaller incidents than srebrenica and other massacres . 
  the story also spoke about muslims killing serbs on food raids . 
  so i do n't think anyone is saying the bosniaks did nothing wrong , but that serbs committed far more atrocities . 
  the croats committed atrocities too of course . 
  are you just going to make that statement , or are you going to post information on massacres by the bosniaks ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you are going to get downvoted to hell , however , canada has a military history to be very , very proud of . 
  i would think a large bit of the lack of southern europe representation would be due to lower english fluency rates , no ? 
  also , from everything i 've seen in this post , you are a completely euro-skeptic . 
  why are people calling you a stormfronter ? 
  who is the neo nazi ? 
  that is what everyone seems to say about it . 
  should people really be concerned that it 's going to rally support for a fourth reich or something ? 
  does n't seem like it . 
  yes .
