  i do believe your government is quite concerned about china . 
  china is also making territorial claims against viet nam and other smaller sea countries , it gives us a way to have better relationships with them as well . 
  i 'm sure you are aware that the us is very concerned with `` freedom of the seas , '' which is pretty damn important to the functioning of the global economy and the importance of the dollar as the reserve currency . 
  that was a ua plane ? 
  op put `` extremely graphic '' in the title . 
  i personally stopped watching after .5 seconds . 
  but this is war , and this is going on in europe right now . 
  you do n't have to watch it , i did n't , but it should not be censored . 
  can we just have an anglosphere free trade union already ? 
  i work in commercial litigation ; almost every company already has irish shell corporations , which are literally a mailbox with 0 employees . 
  it is just a pass through . 
  it is already like that , it does n't cost jobs to anyone , but a lot of places lose out on taxes b/c of it . 
   will of the people in the legislative branch of government is in the parliament and senate exactly . 
  by dint of birth , the king , and his successors , are not subject to the to the laws of the state , which are enacted by the popularly elected members of parliament . 
  how this is remotely acceptable in 2014 is beyond me . 
  the power of immunity is something ; insulation from the will of the people , and the rule of law . 
  also because he permitted us to have nukes on your soil . 
  they say that in nyc too . 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  what are the the uk and the rest of the eu doing in an american high school ? 
  anlgosphere free trade zone sounds great to me . 
   i personally want to see the uk exit just to see how quickly they want back in once all the non-eu , multi-national giants ( especially us-based ) who set-up their european offices in london start relocating to continental europe.that 's some 100 000 office jobs . 
  lol , i can assure you that us corporations would not abandon the uk if you left the eu . 
  i respect the shit out of you guys . 
  first for taking your own defense , and that of europe seriously , and also for understanding that citizens should serve . 
  in the us , there are many that volunteer out of a sense of duty , but also many poor folks who feel they have no other option . 
  i believe our country would be less aggressive if more people from mainstream america were put at risk . 
  this tactic will result in even the most determined foe fleeing for their lives . 
  `` we '' = us, 
  thanks for borrowing !, 
  do n't forget our summer sale on t-bills !, 
  why you not gib ` murica monies ? 
  personally , id like to see them become the 51st state . 
  i 'd liberate the shit out of them . 
  why do n't you give me so monies , and i promise to give it to the europoors you are forced to live near . 
  i mean , you saw the chart , right ? 
  it 's almost as good as having two vast oceans as borders , and some lovely folks to the north , with a non-militarized border . 
  meh on the southern border . 
  well i guess the western world will just implode under it 's own debt in a few decades . 
  it will be personal debt , not public . 
  oh god . 
  do not follow our example !!!, 
  my dad went to college ( in the '70s ) for free . 
  i went to state college for a very , very reasonable price . 
  but now it is just ugly . 
  do n't ask about my law school debt though . 
  also , everyone in the past was able to use their house as an atm to pay for their kid 's college by borrowing against it . 
  not anymore . 
  what happens if you can not repay these loans ? 
  can they be discharged in bankruptcy ? 
  they can not here . 
  it is the only non-dischargable debt . 
  basically makes you a slave . 
  for student debt , or all debt ? 
  they should be * persuaded * into joining the eu and especially the eurozone . 
  the french in london seem to be doing quite well . 
  of course the fed keeping rates at 0 % encourages endless borrowing , i know i 'm guilty of it . 
  i 've been able to finance many consumer purchases essentially for free , for a long time . 
  i do suppose that increases economic activity . 
  but non-dischargeable student will be our ruination . 
  when i lived there in the late '90s , i visited my friend 's family on their council estate in mile end . 
  they were very upset with me for going to an atm to take out cash by myself , `` oi , the pakis could have gotten you !, 
  you need to be careful mate . '', 
  i was like , uhhh , ok then . 
  from living in pre-giuliani nyc , i was n't exactly intimidated by mile end , but i did have to go to a second atm , because the first was yanked out by someone with a truck . 
  these folks were scottish , at the lower end of the economic strata , had drug and drinking problems , and arrests for drug dealing , but i was still taken aback with the casual racism . 
  they were very nice to me , though their thing is to make americans that visit drink till they puke . 
  so that was fun . 
  maybe i 'm reading it wrong , but is debt counted into that calculation ? 
  over the last 15 years or so , it has become socially acceptable to carry tons of debt . 
  and now everyone has student debt as well , it is awful . 
  norway , ya sunzabitches !, 
  gib monies to your european brothers , you have too much !, 
  oh gee , sorry a microscopic tax haven and a nation with unlimited oil and a massive and well managed sovereign wealth fund beat us out . 
  lol france though . 
  well , the serbian redditor above pointed out that folks are getting very upset about legal immigration too . 
  like romanians to the uk . 
  very helpful answer !, 
  i 'm surprised i forgot about that , seeing all the english/romanian spats on here . 
  where are all the non-integrating african/arab muslims that everyone is worried about coming from ? 
  granted asylum in one country , and move to another ? 
  do former colonies still have rights to immigrate legally ? 
  so people are freaking out about 110k a year ? 
  proportionately , i believe it is similar to the situation in the us , and folks in the southern border states here are not happy about it either . 
  1m illegal ? 
  wow . 
   true . 
  but if you feel strongly about it , do n't become a british ( or canadian ) citizen . 
  i literally could n't do it , not that i ever plan to move . 
   most hope he will become king rather than queen . 
  though if he decides to become a queen rather than a king , i guess we will live with it . 
  lol  strictly speaking , most brits feel loyalty to the crown ( and constitution ) rather than the monarch . 
  that is interesting , i was n't really aware of that distinction . 
  makes sense . 
   i find most soap operas on the tv offensive and incompatible with modern western thought . 
  i understand what you are getting at , the soap opera is not the state . 
  and i know all about the magna carta , did a report on it in 4th grade , and saw a copy of it at salisbury cathedral . 
  not even the most delusional person would argue that she is an absolute monarch , that is what the mc fixed . 
  still the sovereign is immune , though you guys did execute charles ii , so i suppose there are limits . 
   the uk is actually much less patriotic than most countries .
