  just look at the number of uk citizens joining isis . 
  i 'm not making it up . 
  i would not personally know if it is worse than the 90s , it 's what has been told to me by uk redditors . 
  i 'm sorry , but those countries do n't have anything like the issues in the uk . 
  you are right that it may have just been racism . 
  for the record , i never dated this girl , she was in one of my classes , and we both had our next class in a different building , and walked together . 
  so i didn ; t have as much experience as you . 
  it was just that she got nervous near the student union , but was fine otherwise . 
  i also remember when a pakistani-uker thought he was paying my friend the highest compliment in the world when he told me `` your friend is very cool for an indian , must be because he grew up in america . '', 
  anywho . 
  again , i 'm not saying there is n't an issue in the other countries , but i do n't see how it could be at the same level . 
  does n't mean a few violent guys could n't do something horrible . 
  i 'd love to hear what a canadian would say , they know more than me about their own country . 
  i thought that at the time , then i read an article by a member of the islamic student union who was there when i was there : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/03/opinion/the-education-of-jihadi-john.html?_r=0 just google `` westminster university islamism '' and see what you get . 
  that conversation happened almost 20 years ago , and i never though much about it , then i read that article . 
  i 'm saying they have more muslims ( sorry , that is where islamists `` come from '' ) , more people , and most especially way more second/third gen muslims , who are the ones that seem to cause the problems . 
  i lived in london in the late 90 's , i could n't believe some of the shit i heard , and apparently it is magnitudes of order worse now . 
  also , i can say anything about nzaus , as i 've never been , but i just can not see radicals in large numbers happening in canada . 
  i 'm happy to be corrected by a canadian of course . 
  ukraine , huh ? 
  of course they do , just not anywhere near the amount the uk has . 
  i 'll admit i may be biased , i studied at westminster university ( semester abroad ) , where jihad john is from . 
  i ca n't believe the shit going down there . 
  in fact i remembered i was talking to a cute indian girl , and when we got near the student union , she was all `` uhoh , we better be careful , the asian guys wo n't like this . '', 
  i guess she was talking about the muslim student assoc. 
  still , if you go by the numbers and the news , it is much more of a problem in the uk . 
  if i was canadian , a kiwi , or an aussie , i 'd be a bit worried about letting the uk 's islamists come over ... 
  they would get a regular old ban from the sub , not a shadowban by admins . 
  you fucking imperialist !, 
  met any scots or russians ? 
  downright frightening . 
  thank you for the reply . 
  is the term 5th column in russia a euphemism for jews ? 
  actually , it is a charity organization for the majority of members . 
  it would mean less authoritarian control for him , that is why he will never go for it . 
  the propaganda value would be worth it for russia . 
  pretty cool . 
  definitely an entity . 
  benelux is a legal status/entity ? 
  are you not aware 2003 had nothing to do with nato ? 
  nato is irrelevant until article v is invoked . 
  if you are going to spout off , at least be correct . 
  of course , france was right in 2003 . 
  like ratzinger and hitler would n't team up . 
  good thing the koran has no violence , they 'd have to ban that as well . 
  `` bad serbia !, 
  bad ! '', 
  i 've met a lot bosnians who love conspiracies . 
  it 's their hobby . 
  my great grandmother was born in poland . 
  that is very nice you miss us , but i think my family was smart when they left in the late 1800s !, 
  i would not be here now if they did n't . 
  i 'm in the new promised land for good ;-), 
  not going to lie , looks good , but i 'm not a big fish eater . 
  most of my ancestors were jews from eastern europe , they ate this kind of food , some older folks still do . 
  not really me though ... 
  do you examine your poop ? 
  i still think those toilets would be `` splashy . '', 
  i hope you brush your teeth a lot . 
  i wear a suit in the summer in nyc , nothing evaporates , and i am dependent on anti-antiperspirant . 
  if my armpits start looking like i have a guy with an afro in a headlock , i need to buzz them so the anti-antiperspirant goes on the skin . 
  i 'm hairy and sweaty ( yum ) , it has to be done . 
  just buzz though , no razors or anythiong . 
   another reason is that germany traditionally had mostly toilets that everyone apparently calls `` shelf toilets '' so not sprinkling urine everywhere was decidedly harder than with some newer toilet types . 
  i think this is the key . 
  you mean remove herring , replace with burger . 
  but no herring !, 
  mmmmmm, 
  riverdale ? 
  we could act like the english if you wish . 
  i have many 1st gen american friends who still have lots of family in europe . 
  they are still quite connected . 
  going to ireland for two weeks this summer , on account of a uk friend 's wedding . 
  i have 0 % irish blood . 
  looking forward to not discussing my heritage with people who are probably sick of it . 
  i 'm going to ireland for two weeks this summer , ya sonofbitch !, 
  can confirm , got yelled at for w in a tiny town in dalmatia . 
  yelled back . 
  lot of french banks here . 
  come on over !, 
  also a lot of young and idealistic folks who want to be more like europe . 
  hue hue hue ? 
  shitty is a massive understatement . 
   in the us , not knowing shit about other cultures is somehow cool . 
  uh no , it 's actually the more countries you have been to , the cooler you are . 
  not everyone gets to travel all over . 
  the greeks do that , not us . 
  every time ? 
  i thought you must have stumbled on it once . 
  this is a `` network '' ( i.e. 
  also broadcasted over the air , not just cable like showtime ) , show , and it 's one of the more stupid ones . 
  the level of thought that would go into a show like this would be the same that would go into a kids cartoon show . 
  it 's `` entertainment '' of the lowest form and is n't supposed to be realistic . 
  personally , i would never watch anything like scorpion , and i would have no expectations for a show like that . 
  you replied to a comment of mine , not the actual post . 
  i do n't feel the need to debate an angry irishman about something i did n't even say . 
  i did n't make any point about spending , that is what is so hilarious . 
  i simply said people forgot the balkan wars . 
  that has nothing to do with funding , there were actual dutch troops right there in srebernica . 
  there were french planes flying overhead .
