  you go off the deep end by the end of your comment , but in corporate investigations , the standard strategy is to confess for more lenient treatment . 
  vw did n't do that , that 's their right of course . 
  yeah , there should n't be big payouts in europe , but some compensation is due . 
  when you purchase a vehicle , the company warrants that the vehicle complies with all applicable regulations . 
  vw deliberately deceived people into believing their cars were compliant . 
  now that they have been caught , making the car complaint has reduced the efficiency , which has damaged the owner , who now has to pay more for fuel . 
  that is fraud , which you might know , is a tort . 
  umm , i 'm not sure why you think my post was directed at `` your '' obsession with co2 , i was talking about the eu policy . 
  we are on the same page , even though you called me a retard a few days ago . 
  you are being willfully ignorant to logic . 
  let 's just use simple numbers ; car got 2 km per liter before the fix . 
  because of vw 's `` fix '' , the car now gets 1 km per liter . 
  this has literally nothing to do whatsoever about efficiency ratings or promises . 
  because of illegal activity by vw , these people are now paying more money for gas . 
  apparently you think corporations should be able to ignore laws without any regard for those effects . 
  the product did n't degrade over time , the product functioned a certain way because of illegal cheats . 
  now to fix that cheat , people have to use more fuel . 
  they should be compensated for the difference . 
  it 's probably not a huge difference , but they should be able to collect if they want to . 
  it would still be used for long haul trucking , frieght trains , etc. 
  it is needed for those applications , it 's not needed for small cars . 
  this article seems to have a lot of sourced numbers : https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2009/apr/09/shipping-pollution, 
  here , smog/particulates are colloquially the same thing . 
  i 'm only talking about passenger cars , here long haul trucks and also use diesel . 
  there are certainly applications where diesel has a clear advantage , but the advantages as far as passenger cars generally are not worth the health risks . 
  http://images.hgmsites.net/med/volkswagen-tdi-clean-diesel-television-ad-screencap_100550953_m.jpg http://www.theautochannel.com/news/2016/03/29/214223-federal-trade-commission-sues-volkswagen-for-false-advertising-over-clean.2-lg.jpg, 
  i could n't tell you in europe , the french guy in the article complains about it . 
  here they are basically worthless now , and vw is buying them back . 
  they wo n't even be allowed on the road . 
  ok , so there were flaws with the mileage ratings , regardless of that , owners are now facing lower efficiency than they had before . 
  i agree the numbers on the window sticker are bullcrap , but it in the real world , they are now using more fuel than they were with the same exact car . 
  that is what they should be compensated fore . 
  they should also be compensated for the loss in resale value . 
  yes , i understand . 
  i 'm saying all this is not worth the smog , and diesel should not be promoted anymore . 
  just make it equal to gasoline . 
  i understand that , but after seeing the smog diesel causes , and the progress evs are making , it 's not worth promoting anymore . 
  `` guy samson of paris said the resale value of his diesel volkswagen tiguan had plunged . '', 
  that is just one reason . 
  the difference in this instance is that the emissions are just a little bit higher than what is acceptable in the eu , but way over the limits here . 
  i do n't even think a way has been devised to get these cars on the road legally . 
  they might end up being scrapped altogether , which is a total loss for the consumer . 
  thus , there us a much higher loss here , than there is for the simple fix over there . 
  i do think eu owners should be compensated for their new lower efficiency . 
  the protectionist angle is ridiculous by the way . 
  despite what you may have been told in the german press , or on reddit , our environmental laws are very strict , with statutory penalties . 
  we are simply applying those penalties . 
  same with the bp spill . 
  these are laws on the books meant to deter bad behavior . 
  and since nox is an immediate danger to human health , the penalties are very high . 
  but if you want to know the biggest reason they are getting such rough treatment , it 's because they were caught red handed , and continued to lie . 
  i 'm an attorney who has worked on every awful pharmaceutical/financial scandal you can think of , and this behavior is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever seen . 
  when every other company gets caught , they admit it and cut a deal right away . 
  vw lied to the feds over and over . 
  how could they think they were going to get away with this ? 
  do you think that eu consumers should be compensated for the lower efficiency of the cars after the fix ? 
   however you could also say that we have all been financially cheated if vw owners have been paying less in tax than they should have been . 
  correct . 
  vw should pay the uk treasury what it is owed . 
  diesel is cheaper because of taxing it lower than gasoline , that could be fixed . 
  because the cars will now burn much more fuel , costing consumers . 
  the situation is different in the us , where these cars violate our pollution standards so egregiously that they have n't even been able to rectify it . 
  the cars will not be allowed on the road . 
   a second reason could be that despite all the rhetoric of climate change , maybe our elites are far more regressive than they 'd like to let on . 
  this is n't true with regard to auto emissions in the eu , in fact , the almost maniacal obsession with co2 emissions is the reason for diesel dominance in europe . 
  diesels do put out less co2 than petrol , but they put out way more nox/particulates . 
  these particulates immediately damage human health , we saw the horrific smog in paris/milan last winter . 
  when one realizes that the 15 largest container ships in the world pollute more than all the cars on earth together , it seems a bit crazy to directly injure urban dwellers in europe for an incremental decrease in co2 emissions . 
  but i guess `` feel good '' points for lowering co2 is worth making your own people sick . 
  it 's not that co2 is n't bad , but its not worth the smog to go to diesel . 
  in the us , the entire advertising campaign was based on `` clean '' diesel , fuel efficiency , etc. 
  big part of the reason many people bought these vehicles . 
  as far as i 'm aware , you can leave it !, 
   d\u00e9colletage i had to look that up . 
  this is n't done unless you are in some super-protected habitat . 
  toilet paper and poop biodegrade , you are just supposed to bury it . 
  western culture was like that until the middle of the 20th century . 
  a tan was for poor people who worked in the fields . 
  now a tan is proof of your vacation . 
  then you bring it home with you ... 
  irish yeah , aussie and southern english yes , not northern , and definitely not scottish . 
  you should visit us , you 'll be treated very well . 
  we are n't too snotty over here :-d, 
  you bury it , you do n't light it . 
  no one seems to like germanic languages . 
  no one ever says `` ooh , you speak english ? 
  so romantic . '', 
  you 're thinking of utah . 
  alabama does incest . 
  i drank pints of homemade rakija one night , was ill for a week . 
  i now call it bosnian war juice . 
  and yes , i know that was stupid of me . 
  ford mondeo is the same as the ford fusion over here . 
  i have a fiesta st , the engine is made in england , the rest of the car is made in mexico . 
  most of the people buying the cars probably take them out a couple times a year . 
  they get 8 miles per gallon , which is 3.5 km per liter . 
  i own one here , and even with our cheap gas , it 's only for taking a cruise . 
  these are cars from mid 1960s to early 1970s . 
  i see a lot of swedes and norwegians with them , but also germans , dutch , danes . 
  seen a few people from poland posting .
