  it could get very uncomfortable !, 
  lol , i have never debated a 15 y/o with eu flair before , you are right , my feelings will be very hurt . 
  did you know that in fact , the very reason we invaded iraq is directly traceable to the fact that we do not have royalty . 
  that is why your comments are relevant to this thread . 
  we are talking about the legal status of people born in their own country , not foreign relations . 
  granted , i should n't be dignifying a troll like yourself , but whatever . 
  yeah that is great , but it literally has nothing to do with the conversation we are having on royalty . 
  my problem is not per se with a ruling class ( they exist , monarchy or not ) , it is with a hereditary ruling class . 
  i think it was a minority viewpoint , and these were former englishman , so i assume they were thinking of a parliamentary monarchy like in england . 
  but yeah , it was weird , and washington would have no part in it . 
  i salute your bravery . 
   i detest monarchy , it is an offense to human dignity , that people should be born into a legally superior status by dint of birth . 
  of course , every time i say that , i get downvoted bigtime . 
  that is actually the statement i was talking about . 
  this was the first time i ever mention donating , so i never have been downvoted for it before . 
  but it is worth discussing . 
  first of all , any american who donated to the ira is disgusting , and knowingly contributed to the deaths of innocent humans . 
  so let 's discuss it on a topic that is quite the opposite . 
  i have a british friend who detests the death penalty and finds it barbaric . 
  he has donated to amnesty international and another group ( i ca n't recall which ) that specifically fights the death penalty in texas . 
  it is an american group . 
  i have no problem with this whatsoever . 
  he is doing nothing illegal , and trying to stop something that he sees as wrong in another country . 
  is my british friend immoral ? 
  there were those who wanted to crown washington , yet he chose the route of cincinnatus . 
  i like to think that all people are born equal . 
  obviously all people are not equal , and a regular citizen born to a rich family has a much better chance in life than a person born to a poor family . 
  hell , any of us firstworlders have a huge advantage on someone growing up in the congo , for example . 
  but still , the idea that we are born equal is what matters . 
  and it is funny we are discussing this , because last night i was discussing with my wife how we need to amend the us constitution to change the bit that says the president must be born in the united states . 
  that provision is needlessly exclusionary ( though it probably made sense in 1789 ) . 
  to be born into a legally subordinate position ( i.e. 
  commoner ) , because there exists a legally entitled class , the head of which is head of state ( and even head of the church ) eviscerates the very thought of equality amongst human beings . 
  and then there is the whole nationalism angle . 
  i live in new york state , which was a colony of england , until 1776 . 
  i come from a land that was once ruled by a monarch . 
  the bastille was stormed in 1789 . 
  so you must be implying that because france had a king for 13 years after new york did , they have a slightly better claim to debate monarchism than me . 
  the truth is anyone on the planet who wishes to have an opinion on monarchy is entitled to , as far as i am concerned . 
   but anyway , i agree we with you , hating or liking monarchy is a political view and it has nothing to do in being born in a monarchic country thank you . 
  ah , that was the answer i was waiting for !, 
  because i am american , i have no right to have a viewpoint on monarchy !, 
  not even if it is the very idea of monarchy , and not a specific nation 's monarchy . 
  would a frenchman have a right a view on monarchy ? 
  i 'd donate to them if it is possible . 
  i detest monarchy , it is an offense to human dignity , that people should be born into a legally superior status by dint of birth . 
  of course , every time i say that , i get downvoted bigtime . 
  not to mention that support of a monarchy is nationalism in the extreme . 
  my stereotype of flanders is that you make amazing red and sour ales . 
  mmmmmm, 
  that is a great philosophy . 
  my friends went to the 2004 euro cup in portugal , and loved it !, 
  the people treated them like family , they spent the whole time hanging out with locals . 
  and this was during the height of anti-americanism in europe with the iraq mess . 
  obviously good peeps !, 
  good old days : henry the navigator, 
  in america , we use the terms `` guido/guinea/goomba '' to describe the italian-americans whose house are similair to the one described by / u/dzukian . 
  i mean you should see these things , they are monstrosities . 
  always with the fake roman columns and statues . 
  here is an example : http://www.brownstoner.com/blog/2009/09/bay-ridge-mcman/ my grandfather was of sicilian heritage , so i ca n't be racist about it . 
  you in rhode island ? 
  would n't this go for italians as well ? 
  that was great@!, 
  is there a sizable republican movement in spain ? 
  nothing to do with the various secessionist causes , i 'm just asking about a republican cause ? 
  thanks . 
  the germans were under the impression they needed lebensraum , perhaps this plan could have prevented that . 
  it really is . 
  not enough muslimjerk though ... 
  such is our plight . 
  certainly possible . 
  i 've just seen euroskeptic brits get gangbanged here , and since this is not on that topic , you are probably correct . 
  / u/cbfw86 said he was here for the circlejerk on british bankers , and was implying that the brits get bashed on here . 
  while that is true , americans and gypsies catch the most circlejerkls , then muslims and finally jews . 
  they are n't nearly as bad on their own soil . 
  well besides any saturday night on a high street full of puke and hooligans brawling . 
  i know the devil . 
  totally , but the is supposed to be a circlejerk !!!, 
  as is / r/inglin . 
  i do n't think / r/europe is supposed to to be one ... 
  psh , you know not of circlejerks my friend . 
  since most of the discussion in this thread was discussing 20th century , that is what i was referencing . 
  but yes , i can see what has happened to indigenous people being equal or worse , because in many cases those people have basically gone extinct . 
  i 'm not aware of any other truly continental genocides , are you ? 
  that so disparate groups of people engaged in this makes it worse . 
  edit : have you also for gotten that the article posted is of a football player engaging in a modified hitler salute ? 
  and you wonder why people would still be sensitive about the holocaust ? 
  reading the local sports section , and found this http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/parker-apologizes-alleged-nazi-salute-article-1.1561578, 
  i see . 
  where does australia fall on the spectrum ? 
  i 'd hardly call the us hyper centralized . 
  the uk and france are far , far more centralized . 
  it has been rolled back from that . 
  so this is pretty crazy . 
  today i drove from right outside nyc to my sis-inlaw 's place in the middle of nowhere ( i.e. 
  the smallest city in ny state , 3000 people , though it should be noted the smallest town in ny state is 200 people ) , and there was a dane there ( stieg ) !!, 
  this is a place so small that when people hear i was born in brooklyn , they think i am an alien . 
  the odds of meeting a dane there , and at a small christmas eve party , at my jewish sis-inlaw 's house must be one in a trillion . 
  he actually lives in sao paulo with his brazillian wife , who was also there . 
  he was so happy it was -10 c and snowing for christmas , instead of it being 40c like in brazil .
