  the political stuff gets nutty , other stuff not as much . 
  the french are more competent than the belgians . 
  how many rubles per comment you get ? 
  you did n't get the memo ? 
  the entire internet is american soil . 
  it sounds beautiful, 
  / r/unitedkingdom is absolutely hilarious . 
  sometimes i 'm not sure if it 's satire . 
  more like 3 million . 
  the belgians need to let the french come in and do whatever they need to . 
  of course not . 
  i 'm honestly at a loss for why eu countries do n't share all their border info , it 's totally insane . 
  maybe countries would share biometric data and intel if they stop being selfish . 
  it 's not a failure for people making cheap/shitty chocolate . 
  you know what would be an easier start ? 
  eu nations sharing biometric and intelligence data . 
  truly insane that they do n't . 
  you should read about palestinian and israeli flags in ni , very interesting stuff . 
  so many great irish-american/jewish-american comedians . 
  no mention of beer . 
  very suspicious ... 
  because people are buying chocolate with garbage in it , and it 's cheaper to make . 
  i thought his lawyer wants to sue the french prosecutor for talking to the press . 
  sad how predictable this was . 
   it is also very possible that the extremist network wanted to act before security agencies acted on any information divulged by abdelslam , who is known to have backed out of a suicide attack and may have been considered by his erstwhile co-conspirators as likely to cooperate with authorities . 
  imo , that is the primary reason . 
  prosecutors might have been better served to not say whether he was cooperating or not . 
  my joke is less funny today . 
  i just meant that it did n't have too much charm , it 's just kind of blah . 
  as for druggies , etc. , i saw a few last summer , but not as many as you . 
  in 1998 a guy tried to pickpocket me there , so there 's that . 
  over here we bring it home . 
  when you have amazing fresh ingredients , that 's the way to do it . 
  when i had meatloaf or tomato sauce in ireland , it was quite bland , though still very good . 
  they also do n't seem to do much spicy-hot food , which i 'm addicted to . 
  i associate that more with mediterranean food . 
  i live in the nyc area , we have thousands of bakeries . 
  obviously there is less in other places , but they are still around . 
  as i said before , it 's all up to individual choice . 
  some people care about bread , some people do n't . 
  if you care a lot about bread , you can go to the bakery every day . 
  if you do n't , you either buy none at all , or buy something at the supermarket to make toast . 
  nowhere did i say that no one eats wonderbread , just that less people do than before . 
  if you are basing your conceptions of a country of 320m people by one person , you are extraordinarily ignorant . 
  rye is chewy , but i hear ya . 
  there was always wheat , multigrain , rye , etc. 
  i 'll be honest with you , i very , very rarely eat chocolate . 
  i 've had some really dark hipster/craft chocolate with sea salt , but i 'd be lying if i told you i remember the name . 
  wow , i had n't heard a peep about this . 
  nuts . 
  agreed . 
  it also gives me horrendous heartburn . 
  like i said , i would not take it for free . 
  absolutely , just like mcdonalds sells tons of hamburgers . 
  that 's only if you buy wonderbread or some garbage like that . 
  there are a trillion kinds of bread out there , people are eating white bread less and less . 
  meh , maybe people who only eat processed garbage and are used to massive amounts of salt/corn syrup . 
  i really did have tasteless tomatoes in a salad yesterday :-( i usually get `` heirloom '' tomatoes which are wacky colors/shapes , but taste great . 
  hersheys is cheap and mass produced , it 's not quality , and it 's not supposed to be . 
  i 'd turn down a free sample . 
  i thought the food was great , though often under-seasoned . 
  the quality was top notch however . 
  huge portions , did n't finish one meal . 
  thanks , but i really should have remembered that . 
  did donegal/belfast/galway on my trip . 
  dublin just felt like any largish city to me . 
  i remembered the comment got a few hundred karma , so sorted by karma and it right there . 
  there are truly horrendous areas , but the cops do go in . 
  you 'd have to look on a more granular level to get a real idea of it . 
  i 'm not making excuses or anything , but we have places that are as dangerous as hell , and most areas with very little crime . 
  looking at a whole state is pointless though . 
  i worked with many nigerian attorneys in the us , good peeps . 
  socialism was working quite well in sweden , so the capitalists in the us had to destroy it so we did n't ask for free healthcare here . 
  then we send in trump to deliver the final blow . 
  [ great minds think alike ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2a8tuu/norway_has_invented_a_bicycle_escalator/cisp9du ) . 
  wow , i 'm dumb . 
  he 's good at what he does . 
  i 've been , it 's pretty amazing . 
  the aegean had the clearest water i 've ever seen . 
  edit : adriatic sea , i 'm special . 
  i see you are not aware he is a troll . 
  in lewiston ? 
  the ones in minn. make problems . 
  wwiii would happen . 
  wow , some cool shit . 
  only if you pay for it , but i 'm not sure if it would work in the north pole . 
  exactly !, 
  black ops guys sent by the queen . 
  listen bro , that tree in my backyard did n't kill itself . 
  this true , i 've met many bosnians , croats and kosovars , just never a slovene . 
  obviously that does n't mean there are none here . 
  racist, 
  trump worries about the southern border , but these canadian maniacs sneak in and kill maple trees in new york and vermont . 
  europe is not north america . 
  you are trolling or ignorant . 
  yup , nyers are painfully ' `` sincere '' so you obviously get it . 
  i got bone thugz and harmony, 
  shit 's on fire , yo ? 
  congrats on your urban american fluency . 
  whoa , there are slovenes here ?
