  it is all over the news , people know about it . 
  the saying over here is `` better 1000 guilty men walk free , than one innocent man go to jail . '', 
  that being said , innocent people are found guilty all the time . 
  is knox revenge for that ? 
  we all squared away now ? 
  it is all over the news right now , that is n't true at all . 
  the original prosecutor was corrupt and obsessed with satanic rituals . 
  on top of that , the police totally mishandled the evidence . 
  also , another man is already in jail for the same crime , on a totally different theory . 
  appparenlty the sight of knox and her bf kissing after the murder is what set the whole thing off . 
  and let 's not focus just on knox , there is an italian who has been found guilty too . 
  as for american regard of the italian justice system , i think the whole earthquake convictions were hard for many to believe , and did some damage . 
  she had to wash the semen out . 
  if we had everyone in the country turn the cell phones off for a day , i think the intelligence community would freak the eff out . 
  i think you mean prosecuting . 
  do americans actually defend him ? 
  maybe i 'm just not in the right subs , but his is gw bush with a tan . 
  fuck him . 
  well i know i would n't take anyone who fucked dead bodies very seriously , but that is just me . 
  [ escheats ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/escheat ) to the crown . 
  courtesy is contagious . 
  this must have been why i felt so at home visiting ireland , everyone was great . 
  the cab drivers in dublin were hilarious . 
  when the grandparents die , things are going to get even messier . 
   if you 're ever in spain , just for shit and giggles try asking bartenders if they have a degree . 
  the bartender may not giggle . 
  they are there because they are heavily entrenched institutions , and people have nationalistic attachments to them . 
  however , i do not think it is because the people 's lack of faith in humanity . 
  you are regurgitating this material , no modern day human would argue this . 
  serfdom and slavery were ancient traditions in the times of absolute monarchies , shall we honor them ? 
  man can not support himself , yet a monarch is a man . 
  are you are bored philosophy student ? 
  you are talking about ( a ridiculously idealized ) past . 
  queen elizabeth ii is not making pakistanis feel right at home , jaun carlos does not warm the hearts of catalans and the basques . 
  monarchs become the default ethnicity of their nation , and make others feel excluded . 
  again , you are talking about the past . 
  no , you can keep them , it 's ok . 
  thank you for all that background . 
   spain is a broken country , and i think it has always been . 
  seems that way . 
  i just wonder if it will fall apart again . 
  lol !!!, 
  i spent more time abusing my english friends for being `` subjects '' then making fun of the queen . 
  feel from to join us in ` murica , where is you live in the right place , you can bask in the glory of guns , weed and gay marriage . 
  when i lived in london , i never visited buckingham palace , because f the queen . 
  went to the tower of london though . 
  i understand , but you included the us in your comment , and i 'm just letting you know that your scenario of lifetime ruler is not applicable to us . 
  we have separation of powers and the supreme court , not just a hope a prayer that one person will step in to stop the insanity . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_immunity#united_kingdom the monarch is immune from arrest in all cases , and members of the royal household are also immune from arrest in civil proceedings . 
  [ 18 ] no arrest can be made `` in the monarch 's presence '' , or within the `` verges '' of a royal palace . 
  when a royal palace is used as a residence ( regardless of whether the monarch is actually living there at the time ) , judicial processes can not be executed within that palace . 
  [ 19 ] the monarch 's goods can not be taken under a writ of execution , nor can distress be levied on land in their possession . 
  chattels owned by the crown , but present on another 's land , can not be taken in execution or for distress . 
  the crown is not subject to foreclosure . 
  also http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk/2400003.stm, 
  literally above the law ( monarchy ) is worse than `` above the law '' for a rich person . 
  having a person literally immune denigrates the law for all . 
  love this comment . 
  to sell yourself as a `` subject '' for tourist dollars is not worth it to me . 
  also , france seems to be doing quite well as a tourist destination without a monarch . 
   quite an extreme unbelievably unlikely example being if dave wanted to pass a law making him supreme protector for life , the queen could refuse to sign the law , causing a constitutional crisis and telling us all that something serious is going down . 
  something i do n't see countries like the usa having the benefit of in my limited knowledge . 
  this is why we have a written constitution !!, 
  it seems to elude these people that france has no monarchy , yet is the biggest tourist attraction in the world . 
  old castles are cool , no one cares if a real king lives in it . 
  indeed , think of all the binge drinking injuries . 
  i love it . 
  yet so many of their loyal subjects , on this very subreddit , who rail at income inequality , advocate for the equal rights of man under the auspices of eu and denounce nationalism ( especially the most primitive form of nationalism , that of the americans ) will defend these royals until they are blue in the face . 
  so much cognitive dissonance . 
  i 'd actually focus my efforts on nz , can and aus to to away with it first . 
  little buddy , why do n't you go look at the other reply where i showed you that indeed , the queen can not be arrested for murder . 
  i think you are equating legal equality with immunity . 
  the crown is the source of all law , and thus , immune . 
  perhaps you have heard of sovereign immunity ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_immunity#united_kingdom `` the monarch is immune from arrest in all cases '' so the queen literally can not be arrested for any reason , she is the law , is the source of law and is above it . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk/2400003.stm i suppose they did n't teach this in irish schools , since she is not your queen . 
  your rich white senator comment is laughable , and is worthy of angst ridden 14 year old . 
  yes , my exes family had very similar stories . 
  there was one uncle that kept a fascist flag , and was ostracized from the family . 
  some cousins had communist flags , and i saw communist and fascist graffiti . 
  this was the late 90s , and i was in my early 20s , and it was such a shock to me . 
  i suppose as american and new yorker , the closest parallel i can think of is the disgust i feel when i see a confederate flag , but that really does n't come close . 
  obviously there was less chance to talk to people on the internet then . 
  it kind of made me a euroskeptic , because i would always say to myself `` if the people within these countries hate each other , how can all the countries work together ? '', 
  i suppose the answer would be for devolution of some nation states into smaller nations ( scotland , basque country , catalonia , etc. ), 
  and all of these under the umbrella of the eu . 
  to what extent is this related to the spanish civil war ? 
  are some of those issues still unresolved ? 
  not so much communist v. fascist , but nationalist v. republican ? 
  i feel nervous about what will happen if catalonia votes . 
  i hope you get to remove the symbols soon . 
  for the love of god , the argument about americans liking english castles better than french because there are real royals made me gag . 
  what bullshit . 
  first time i ever heard and portgee comments was from a ri guy . 
  guess there are not enough of them in ny to be noticeable . 
  i know that . 
  i 'm saying its wrong to have someone be the literal symbol of a nation because of who their daddy is . 
  they do it here , because they are nationalist , but somehow pan-european at the same time . 
  what video ? 
  2nd republic , right ?
