  of all the places to boo support for bombing victims ... 
  i have a very ( and i still want to think she is ) reasonable bosnian friend , and on fb she posted a whole bit about how she will not put a french flag up on fb , and that no one cares about when all the muslims are killed . 
  i do n't understand how me putting a french flag on my profile for a day hurt anyone or upset anyone . 
  anyway , sometimes social media does reflect reality . 
  yes you can , it 's easily understandable . 
  that conversation was 18 years ago , i might have paraphrased it wrong . 
  i never got into euro soccer in any event . 
  i do enjoy the world cup though . 
  i pretty much admit that animals have more of an emotional effect on me than humans , but if you did n't feel anything for the victims in paris , you might want to worry about that . 
  good dog  bad human . 
  i 'm not exactly thrilled that a bunch of dutch people are calling themselves the `` yid army '' and getting star of david tattoos . 
  the whole thing is nuts . 
  do n't misunderstand me , i 'm not saying there is no element of race in our sports . 
  most prominent one i can think of is cubs for white people , white sox for black people . 
  but it 's not common at all . 
  everyone is a bunch of mutts , we could n't do it if we wanted to . 
  no , i do n't think the us is the only country like this . 
  there is canada obviously , and i 'm sure plenty of others . 
  but we are in / r/europe , and i 'm relaying my observations from living in the uk and what i know of soccer culture in europe . 
  for example , look at the history of fc barcelona and how it has always been a focus for catalan nationalism . 
  they used to burn spanish flags at the games . 
  we do n't have things like that . 
  or read up on the lazio ultras and how they stabbed hotspurs fans because jews . 
  true . 
  there may be drunk idiots , but there is not institutionalized violence , regardless of the motivation . 
  i honestly do n't think england is so bad these days . 
  it is just shocking to an american that teams would be based on ethnicity . 
  and yeah , i know about the hissing gas noises made at ajax fans . 
  wtf . 
  i love when people tell me it 's just banter . 
  that makes me beyond uncomfortable . 
  really ? 
  i went to a game in miami ( versus the jets ) , and there were a lot of fights . 
  otherwise i 've only been to giants games , and we are civil . 
  i assume the fights in miami with because at least half the fans were jets fans , and that pisses the home fans off . 
  but my main point is that fights suck , but in the nfl they are going to be based on the team . 
  no right wing extremists are whatever . 
  yeah , it 's best to ignore the insane comments ... 
  dat albania/serbia match ... wow . 
  i thought we were annoying and keep talking to everyone and telling them our life story ... 
  in oakland you need to worry outside the stadium . 
  especially those despicable animals known as jet fans . 
  so i do n't think that nfl fans are bad . 
  honestly , i am quite proud of out sports culture , violence in not acceptable and there are not ethnic/national alignments with teams . 
  i remember when i studied in london and my english friend said `` oh , you 're jewish ? 
  you should be a hotspurs fan . '', 
  that was incomprehensible to me , even though he did n't mean anything bad by it . 
  if you do racist shit in the stands , you are banned for life . 
  opposing fans sit in the same section without murdering each other in the nfl ... 
  assholes !!!, 
  if it was 1 or 2 people , fine , but wtf is this ??? 
  nothing new that i 'm aware of , though it is possible . 
  we do have fences and borders at well known crossings , but obviously they are n't very effective . 
  at least give the soviets some of the blame . 
  the greeks are off the list . 
  the french were getting a lot , but that may stop . 
  germans and uk get the most of the abuse as far as eu members . 
  swiss abuse has dropped because not every single redditor thinks they are terrible for not joining the eu anymore . 
   if i am not for myself , who will be for me ? 
  if i am not for others , what am i ? 
  and if not now , when ? 
  rabbi hillel you have to do both , but you ca n't assume that people are going to help you . 
  have you seen those videos where someone is getting racially abused on public transport , and no one does shit ? 
  a number of them from the uk ( muslims being abused ) , then there was that white guy in taiwan . 
  no one did shit for those people . 
  i have twice put myself in harms way to shut a bigot up . 
  and i 'm fairly certain that if these bigots acted up on nyc transit , it would go very badly for them . 
   the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . 
  i really doubt that . 
  it has n't been contemplated for anywhere else . 
  no , we are n't doing shit . 
  republicans want illegals for cheap labor , democrats wants illegals for future voters ( them or their children ) . 
  i suppose that is true . 
  if we had a terrorist come through the desert from mexico , we would be throwing a fit and building a wall . 
  spain withdrew from iraq and did not mount any kind of response . 
  they did not want to invoke this . 
  if it did , than israel would have no right to complain . 
  so why not do it ? 
  just israel . 
  do you deny that they actually need compulsory conscription ? 
  it 's a very small country . 
  i believe it was because he wanted to keep up the momentum and get the us involved before it had ramped up its war industry . 
  punch us in the nose and make us quit . 
  well he declared war on the us right after the us declared war on japan . 
  i guess he was just being a good ally . 
   it 's obvious that if we 're going to have no interior border , we need to have a common policy for our exterior border . 
  if it 's so obvious , why was n't it done ? 
  italy was pleading for help for years , and no one gave a shit . 
  will there be unity and willingness to pool resources for the exterior border now ? 
  good on you . 
  after 9/11 we had so many people come to nyc on vacation just to `` show support , '' and it was appreciated . 
  how does changing your profile pic to a flag for a day hurt anyone ? 
  what is so bad about it ? 
  your dad is right . 
  if you do n't stand up for yourself , no one is going to do it for you . 
  they can if they hit you in the head . 
  turkey is covered, 
  you have to invoke article v. nothing happens otherwise . 
  turkey did n't invoke it . 
  poland is n't a country that americans are going to complain about .
