  michigan did nothing for detroit until 2013 !!, 
  and then they still went bankrupt , and now it is all being worked out in federal bankruptcy court , and a federal judge is in charge . 
  so i 'd say we have very good financial solidarity , and the best part about it is that it is literally a non-issue . 
  it is in the fabric of the governance of the nation . 
  i know this is a big issue in spain , and in italy as well , with the north hating to send money to the south . 
  i know west germany sends tons of money to the east , but that is a very different situation , and i do n't see germans complaining . 
  uk and france are unitary , so who knows if we could even tell where the money goes . 
  i do think social cohesiveness plays a part in this because my nyc dollars go to people who speak my language and share my culture ( even though they have funny accents and are fat/religious ) . 
  same here . 
   the situation is not anywhere as grave as the luxemburgian made you believe in my opinion . 
  the fellow from luxembourg was framing this as an issue of social cohesion , not so much a danger to the state . 
  he did not express that he thought belgium would dissolve , or anything else like that . 
  he just thought it was two separate societies that live in the same country , and they do not particularly like each other , nor is there much interaction between the two . 
   never did we see an ira , eta or any other sectarian movements and i am proud of belgium , both the dutch as the french side , that we 've always resolved our issues peacefully . 
  absolutely . 
  mr. luxembourg and i have known many catalans ( i dated one for a long time ) , and he knew many basques ; these groups have much stronger leaning towards secession , and the eta of course . 
  he did not characterize belgium in this way at all . 
   but the intranational solidarity has n't waned so far and is higher than it is in f.i. 
  the us . 
  i 'm not sure what this means ? 
  is f.i. 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by saying solidarity is higher than in the us . 
  first off , how would you even measure that ? 
  secondly , we all speak the same language , and because there are so many states , we do n't think about transfers , and have no clue who gets what money . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something here . 
  what is the stance of the flemish national party on the royal family ? 
  what is your take on it ? 
  brb , booking tickets . 
  i think you should work for the tourist board . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/21/us-italy-migrants-insight-idusbrea4k0ej20140521  more than 43,000 people from dozens of countries - including syrians fleeing civil war and eritreans evading military conscription - have been plucked from the sea in the seven months since mare nostrum began . 
  that is the same number that completed the dangerous crossing or were intercepted during the whole of last year . 
   so far , only slovenia has chipped in , offering one ship late last year . 
  that has put rome on a collision course with it eu partners . 
   `` it 's absurd that the eu does not play an important role in mare nostrum , '' defense minister roberta pinotti said in an interview . 
  pinotti is pushing for more eu involvement - money and ships http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2014/06/italy-rescues-hundreds-migrants-from-sea-201466114933191430.html  italy has repeatedly asked for more european union countries to join the effort to stem the influx along one of the most popular migrant routes between africa and europe , but so far only slovenia has chipped in , offering one ship late last year . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i believe there is a bit of separatist sentiment in corsica , wondering if it was the same in sardinia . 
  frontex does not supply ships . 
  italy is facing a humanitarian crisis on it 's own , with people drowning by the hundreds and they have asked for help in the form of ships . 
  fuck em , right , just a bunch of dumb africans , who cares if they drown . 
  yes , build a wall in the mediterranean , because i am clearly talking about italy 's land borders . 
  boats , help them with patrols . 
  that is all . 
  it will prevent drownings and people landing on the shore who will not go through any type of immigration process . 
  italy has asked for help , i 'm not making this up . 
  if you are in a union , and another member of the union asks for help with shore patrols , seems pretty crazy not to do it . 
  please explain to me what i am missing . 
  perhaps antiquated was not the right word . 
  we have different capabilities , i believe we have to provide all the airborne radar , only we have aircraft carriers , so on and so forth . 
  i know that germany has quite the arms industry , turning out very modern stuff . 
  as do france and the uk . 
  i do believe a lot of european troops are hear for training and joint exercises , but i 'm not sure why we would ever need any permanently stationed here . 
  we are too geographically isolated from any action . 
   just like it 's hard for america to give up the idea that europe should always be a faithful ally and be grateful for liberation despite reddit comments , that is declining a bit , especially as more wwii veterans die . 
  my wife 's grandfather lead some of the largest bombing raids on berlin and has all kinds of medals , it 's hard not to be proud of him . 
  but once people like that pass , and it becomes something in a book , it is less `` real . '', 
  also passing is in the us is the fear that germany is this entity that must be controlled . 
  i remember hearing from my grandparents ( my grandfather was general infantry , us army ) that germany tried to take over the world twice , and they would try again . 
  they even got nervous when germany reunified . 
  but i think we can all see that germany is a rational nation , and it has really put nationalism behind it and truly atoned for everything it did wrong . 
  maybe it is harder for people in europe to accept that ? 
  or just some people ? 
  as for japan , they have not put nationalism behind them , and have not atoned . 
  i 'd hardly trust them as much as the germans . 
  but i 'm not going to stop them from increasing their military . 
  it makes our position in the pacific stronger . 
   on top of that , european unity is more questioned today than it was 6 years ago as well as many if not all states acted als selfish individuals in dealing with this crisis . 
  well , i was trying to gauge this as well . 
  i 'm still not sure if people in this sub are being serious , like when i see a pole or someone from the baltics talking about not trusting germany . 
  than how can you be in a union with them ? 
  also , when i see that no one is helping italy with patrols to intercept the migrants , it really makes me question how seriously anyone takes this whole thing . 
  if you do not care about the territorial integrity of your union , what do you care about ? 
  it is n't like the migrants just stay in italy anyway , they make problems for everyone . 
   there 's much more solidarity among american states than there is among european countries , despite higher intrastate solidarity than in the us . 
  please do n't take this the wrong way , but i find it kind of ironic that a belgian would talk about intrastate solidarity . 
  this weekend i met a luxembourger ( though born in montenegro ) who just moved to the us , he speaks 7 language and was an interpreter for the eu in brussels . 
  he told me that if you went 10km outside brussels and spoke french , people gave you quite dirty looks . 
  he was under the impression that walloons and flemish hate each other , and it is one country in name only . 
  he lived in belgium for 10 years , i take his word . 
  he was very pessimistic about all the separatism and nationalism in europe as a whole . 
  what about spain ? 
  do they have high intrastate solidarity ? 
  ugh , this is making me pessimistic for europe . 
  but you still have to admit that was a vague comment by the german bank officials . 
  i also find it nuts that the treasury will not allow anyone , even senators into ft. knox . 
  last time anyone was in there was 1973 . 
  it just makes no sense . 
  first of all , thank you for a very balanced response . 
   they could invest more of their military money into social security , but that would imply that european countries would have to invest more social security money into the military . 
  this is exactly my problem , we put all our resources into the military , it is ridiculous . 
  however , i 'm not going to blame europeans for that , it is our out of control national security state/military industrial complex that is all for it . 
  one of my reasons for making this post was to try to gauge the desire for an eu force on a very pro-eu sub . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised to see that there are not many strong calls for an integrated and potent eu military . 
  that would perhaps give us a push to get out of europe . 
  however , another redditor pointed out that germany and italy still have treaties that limit their military strength . 
  that is ridiculous !, 
  these countries are n't defeated wwii foes !, 
  we need to scrap that garbage . 
  there can be no meaningful eu force without their contributions . 
   - only country where scientists are viewed as evil - only country where education is viewed as evil lol !!!!,
