  scotch ? 
  only +2 ? 
  how could you forget vw ? 
  i guess i have n't been looking hard enough ... 
  wo n't affect private actions at all . 
  less range than stated . 
  that 's not true , it has 4 wheel independent suspension . 
  of course . 
  i 've never met a bulgarian myself . 
  there are bulgarians here ? 
  where ? 
  or were they just visitors ? 
  that 's right , you can buy an e-golf in the us , never seen one though . 
  i do see electric fords , hondas , nissans and tons of teslas here . 
  yup . 
  do you have some examples of cars available on the market now ? 
  they can only do it if vw agrees to it , which they would do to avoid fines . 
  however , i do n't think vw has the technology . 
  they are n't tesla . 
  physically attacked ? 
  how about we blow up the oresund bridge , and build a wall on the norwegian border , and make sweden pay for it ? 
  we are willing to assist denmark , our nato ally , against any threats from sweden . 
  in 2008 that was true about gay marriage , less so now . 
  wrong , hillary has the unions . 
  he wants to end birthright citizenship , not kick out people who currently have citizenship . 
  # 1 grow up . 
  # 2 find me policy discrepancies since 1990 on bernie . 
  i have n't heard that . 
  source ? 
  and he 's a lawyer , that 's shameful . 
  the constitution applies to everyone on the territory it governs . 
  as a person with a jewish background , that still does n't sound great . 
  bernie 's positions have been consistent since the 80s . 
  he is not corporate . 
  whether he can achieve any of his objectives is a different story . 
  there is a huge influx of muslim refugees and people start up about the jews again ? 
  never change europe , never change . 
  bernie 's appeal is his honesty as well . 
  maybe my countrymen are finally fed up with corporate liars . 
  i 'm being sarcastic . 
  no one in this country would ever complain about bulgarians . 
  donald trump is always going on about all the bulgarians . 
  so annoying . 
  there are no bad hockey countries , accept maybe russia . 
  otherwise it 's a pretty good group . 
  he was as dumb as you guys thought he was in high school . 
  though it would n't have been very diplomatic of the ambassador to acknowledge that fact . 
  [ this was your fm ?? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qetmvn5hr2w ), 
  for now ... 
  actually it 's 110 total championships , since the toronto blue jays won in '92 and ' 93 . 
  so 32 consecutive championships so far ... and 87 times before that . 
  did you actually know the 87 ???? 
  * polish death camps, 
  we do n't . 
  at all . 
  do you have a link ? 
  go for it , we have much tougher standards . 
  probably , but i do n't really follow simmons . 
   there was hope that one benefit to come out of the vw scandal would be better regulation of emissions testing in europe to something approaching the much stricter american model . 
   so at the beginning of february , draft plans were put to the european parliament to introduce more precise on-road testing for dangerous nitrogen oxide emissions , rather than the present inaccurate system of lab tests . 
   but after pressure from national car industries , european lawmakers backed a watered-down version of the plan which gives carmakers more leeway to exceed official emissions limits . 
  these new testing laws have been condemned by green meps and campaigners as so lenient as to be useless . 
  scumbags . 
  upfarage for you . 
  no sir , poland gave birth to the bagel . 
   a bagel ( yiddish : \u05d1\u05f2\u05d2\u05dc beygl , polish : bajgiel ) , also spelled beigel , [ 1 ] is a bread product originating in poland , traditionally shaped by hand into the form of a ring from yeasted wheat dough , roughly hand-sized , which is first boiled for a short time in water and then baked . 
  all of islam really . 
  aged smoked gouda is amazing . 
  mmmmm, 
  gouda is n't stinky ... 
   but we did save all the jews in bulgaria when hitler ordered us to sent them to concentration camps . 
  i was taught this as a kid . 
  [ greatest latvian of all time ] ( http://l3.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/tedhc2j4.0tnteqdqp1w_q--/yxbwawq9ew5ld3nfbgvnbztmat1mawxso2g9mzc3o3b4b2zmptuwo3b5b2zmpta7ct03ntt3pty3ma--/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/sports/ap/201506251912691592663 ) this is the most important thing to know . 
  geography, 
  mmm , she could kick me reel good with those boots . 
  i 've been a bad boy . 
  from my redditing and elsewhere , i always hear that jews are treated very well in czech , is that true ? 
  man , what a boring troll . 
  stop getting so sidetracked . 
  do you , or do you not believe there are reasonable europeans in this sub or irl that do not approve of fb being required to censor things ? 
  or are these people extreme rightists ? 
  i do n't know enough about the spanish situation to comment , but the other examples are people using traditionally defined `` hate speech '' that is commonly illegal throughout europe . 
  as far as i know , only the uk has general `` offensive '' statements being illegal . 
  i 've lived in the uk , it 's quite similar to here , though you guys are really , really getting worried about porn on the internet . 
  but not such a great grasp on cyber-security . 
  there are plenty of europeans in this very sub who do not approve of facebook working with/for german authorities to remove objectionable content . 
  i did n't know that all of these folks were nazis . 
  thank you for enlightening me . 
  holy butthurt . 
  i 've seen plenty of euro folks criticize german laws , does n't mean they are right about it . 
  you know , which is why i made the comment . 
  i would n't throw all of europe under the bus for this . 
  it 's really a uk thing . 
  true , and i guess they would have to pay less reparations by waiting so long , should it be taken as an admission of guilt . 
  quite witty . 
  wow , was nikita kruschev your debate team coach ? 
  that was a great point . 
  if you are an english domme , and upvoted means pee , maybe . 
  if you are a dude , pass .
