  so you think the city of ferguson police should act better because it looks bad to europeans ? 
  how about they should act within the law , and the constitution because they are legally obligated to do so . 
  in any event , there are separations of power here , and it can be tricky to understand for outsiders , which is why i made the comment , to provide some background . 
  i know , that is why i made my comment , to let him know . 
  the people who originally screwed this whole thing up were n't even state police , but city police from ferguson . 
  are the walloons more special than the flemish ? 
  i dated a catalan for a long time , she never told me about this !, 
  ye olde yule log is a piece of shit !, 
  seriously , i 've never met a bosnian girl shorter than me . 
  i suppose my wife does n't mind that . 
  i think the whole world is going crazy . 
  i see where you are coming from , but remember this is the state government of missouri . 
  not the federal gov. 
  ah , this is a thing i see . 
  but tons of german banks use irish subsidiaries to execute transactions . 
  i assume banks from other countries do as well . 
  a lot of the german bail outs required dissolution of the irish entities . 
  however , they usually only had a few people working there , so i guess it is n't big news . 
  in the most common scenario , the first irish company is a subsidiary of a german bank . 
  eh , i 'm guessing he was a young feller . 
  i 've seen much worse on this sub . 
  interactions with some germans are quite interesting , they seem to strongly resent the us military presence , yet are such pacifists , they reject the idea of defending europe themselves . 
  that is n't how the world works . 
  you can look through my comments , i had a fairly civil discussion with him . 
  he thought he could integrate russia into the eu . 
  after i pointed our how unlikely that was , he changes his whole worldview , and as a result , deleted his account . 
  the state dept. 
  should pay me for my work . 
  and perkele . 
  russia was in chaos , it was all perfectly set up for corruption . 
  remember , this is a country that went from the most absolute monarchy of it 's time , right into a communist dictatorship . 
  i 've lived in the uk , they are n't nationalists like many russians , and i think they know their empire did a lot of bad things . 
  but they are more like the us than the rest of europe , with how they view themselves . 
  but putin is really playing up the empire strikes back card , no doubt about that . 
  i 'd be shocked if us military engaged in hostilities against the people ( but not surprised if the cia did ) . 
  us soldiers are taught that they have an absolute duty to refuse an unconstitutional order , even if it comes from the president . 
  i do n't think that is the culture in every military . 
  as for cops , a lot of them are good . 
  i live right outside nyc and work there , nypd generally are good . 
  they have real crime to worry about , and do n't bother people . 
  in ferguson , it 's a crappy town with white police and black residents , just a bad situation . 
  small town cops who want to be tough guys . 
  they completely overreacted . 
  the situation has deescalated because the missouri highway patrol ( state police ) have taken over . 
  they are professionals . 
  people are getting fed up with abuses of the police , and more and more places will require them to wear cameras . 
  if we decriminalize weed , that will stop half the arrests and prison population . 
  but yeah , a lot of police need to take it down a notch . 
  as we get away from oil , we will care about the middle east less . 
  honestly , i am much less optimistic on russia being anything more than a an energy/resource provider to europe for the foreseeable future . 
  they have a very strong strain of nationalism , demand a strong leader , and quite frankly , their values are totally out of line with the mainstream of the eu . 
  and i 'm not pulling this out of my ass , there are tons of russians here in nyc , and i 'm always asking them questions . 
  my officemate and my best friends wife are russian ( my friend just returned from three weeks over there , he was scarred ! ) . 
  where my grandmother lives in brooklyn , there are n't even signs in english , only russian . 
  their mindset is often not taken into account by westerners who assume they want what we want . 
  i 'm not saying things ca n't change , but it will be a while in my opinion . 
  oh , and you think americans are annoying about wwii , ever speak to a russian about the great patriotic war ? 
  they are still fighting it !, 
  well , i would n't say resistance is n't an option anymore , civilians can legally arm themselves to the point of the police . 
  and there are many more civilians of course . 
  it would really be crazy if the military got involved . 
  obviously i hope it does n't come to that , but if it did , i think more than a few americans getting killed would stop any nonsense right away . 
  the option to resist and lose would probably end up being a win . 
  i do think we are turning a corner though , surprisingly even a lot of republicans are against militarization now . 
  couple that with gay marriage and weed legalization , and things look like they are improving . 
  in the late 1800s , the corporations and robber barons had even more power than they do today , and teddy roosevelt reformed all that . 
  of course that has all been undone , but i think we are getting to the point where major changes can be made again . 
  oh , and we are fucking sick of war . 
  you know what would be a good stepping stone , an eu common defense fund . 
  obviously germany would be most of the money behind it , and it could be funneled back to german defense companies . 
  the starting point would be to get countries up to their nato required % of gdp . 
  this would help standardize equipment across europe , and set the scene for the dissolution of nato ( even if it takes over a decade ) . 
  personally , i see the uk leaving the eu shortly , and eventually there will be a canada/uk/nz / aus/us military alliance . 
  a multipolar world is a good thing . 
  look at the insanity in missouri , the military industrial complex has bled into the police here , things are out of hand . 
  additionally , the post post-cold war period is over , time for the world to move on . 
  when mubarak was overthrown , i knew we were moving into a new era . 
   what do i care if some backwood polish guy hates me because i 'm german . 
  the eu is the greater goal and makes all this petty nonsense irrelevant . 
  tell me , how does the eu progress if there is tension among the various countries ? 
  you should be working for harmony , not ignoring discord . 
  you have to care what people in your union think . 
  anyway , i agree with a lot of what you are saying , the us needs to get out of europe , and europe needs to develop it 's own defense strategy . 
  i 'd love to see germany ask us to leave . 
  ironically , i believe the pacifism of the german people is the biggest obstacle to an independent europe . 
  but if you do not help defend europe , the rest of europe will keep looking to us . 
  you have a huge arms industry , you could build up your forces in no time . 
  you are missing the point , it is n't that america is free of guilt , it 's that everyone is guilty . 
  we just do n't know the extent of german guilt right now . 
  in any event , none of this should be surprising to anyone , stuff like this was in tom clancy books from 30 years ago . 
  unless you have an agreement , not to spy on someone , assume you are being spied on . 
  hell , even if you do have an agreement . 
  germoney can not into anglosphere . 
  it 's almost like there is a german word for that . 
  it is something in the water that effects the fetus . 
  so if your parents really did move here , and then had you , you are actually less evolved than them . 
  you are their pet monkey . 
   and my parents are from europe ok , now you i know you are a liar . 
  no one would leave glorious yurop for ` murica . 
   and that 's also how russia mostly works all the time , even between two russians , in bed .
