  for what is is worth , i have a friend who died on 9/11 and my brother escaped by 2 minutes . 
  i 've also worked on defense for guantanamo detainees , as well as the estates of fireman who died . 
  so all this is close to me , and i also think we have gone overboard to being a security/police state . 
   they argued that people like to drink their coffee at work and that this was the reason . 
  and the court found that it was not worth having people getting burn for that . 
   i can drink tap water anyhwere because it 's heavily regulated . 
  you couldn ' do this anywhere on the world . 
  i am little thrown off with this one . 
  are you implying that there are places in europe outside of germany that it is not safe to drink the tapwater ? 
  i may have heard that before , but you would know better than me . 
  please be assure that you can drink tapwater evrywhere in america as well , and it is very heavily regulated . 
  i grew up where there were resevoirs for the nyc system , an dit is very heavily regulated . 
  in fact the water is so clean that it is not filtered at all , just lightly chlorinated . 
  http://www.dec.ny.gov/lands/25599.html  the us refuses to have such regulations and then complains that stuff does n't work . 
  we do n't complain about things not working , not sure where you got that from . 
  as far as the metric imperial , i am not arguing imperial is better , i am arguing the europeans bring that up as a counterpoint to unrelated discussions for no reason . 
  it is kind of like saying `` oh yeah , my dad can beat up your dad ! '', 
  it is an immature outburst . 
  is this your strategy , when you lose an argument , you shift the focus ? 
  this reminds me of so many of the comments here , it like the constant `` but you do n't even use the metric system ! '', 
  in response to something about international relations . 
  wow , this shenpen is a harsh fellow !, 
  i just said we did not have permission , how am i not recognizing it ? 
  and now you come out of left field with some 9/11 statement that literally has nothing to do with the issue we were discussing . 
  you are a very bitter fellow . 
   shittty since she had severe burns but the argument is still funny . 
  you really are an empathic fellow . 
  on to your argument , first i 'll point out that i am an american attorney . 
  i work primarily on commercial litigation involving investment banking products ( asset backed securities , interest rate swaps , so on and so forth ) , so i am not an expert in tort law , but i do understand the basics . 
  the purpose of american tort law is to reduce harm to people , and to encourage responsible behavior . 
  so lets look at the coffee case . 
  obviously people spill coffee all the time , it is to be expected , and is generally no big deal . 
  however , mcdonald 's kept their coffee at extreme temperatures for no reason . 
  it was n't to make the coffee taste better , or for any technical reason , they just did it . 
  if you were to spill coffee from pretty much anywhere else onto your legs , nothing happens . 
  so as people continued to spill mcdonald 's coffee and get burnt , they told mcdonalds over and over . 
  no one sued . 
  then this lady who got burnt asked mcdonalds to pay her doctor bills and lost income for $ 20k , they said no . 
  so she sued and won . 
  the reason she got so much money was not because she got hurt so bad ( the $ 20k would have been fine for that ) , the court awarded punitive damages , the purpose of which is to punish the company for reckless behavior , and to get them to discontinue that behavior . 
  and since then , they have lowered the temparture of the coffee , and no one guets hurt . 
  while you think it is amusing for old ladies to get burnt , here , we are happy they it is not happening anymore . 
  so please , tell me how that is so terrible ? 
  what i find so ironic about europeans fixation on things like hot coffee is that you have exponentially more regulation than we do . 
  so your companies have to jump through hoops non-stop for insane minutia . 
  like there was some fuss that the british could n't sell pints anymore they had to do it in metric , or that no one can put unlabeled olive oil on a table at a restaurant anymore . 
  this micro-managing , ostensibly in the name of consumer protection , is far more costly and burdensome then dealing with lawsuits . 
  on a business basis we are the leader . 
  as for as a cultural leader , i assume what he was arguing is that we have put out the only cohesive mass media experience for the world . 
  which means we are a cultural leader by default , because no other country puts out products that you can go to any other country on earth and be able to discuss it . 
  that is different from making the best movies . 
  if there were no americans in / r/europe ( which i am sure you would love ) , you guys would still be able to discuss american film with each other , more than you could with films from your various countries . 
  i honestly do n't know what you are trying to get out with the bin laden remark . 
  isi was harboring bin laden for years , were we supposed to ask them to extradite him ? 
  that was n't going to happen . 
  of course we all know we did n't have permission to conduct that strike , but it was well justified . 
  if you want to make an argument that everyday drone strikes that kill school children are terrible , i 'll agree . 
  but so say that we should have just let bin laden sit there forever is not a realistic or persuasive argument . 
  in fact , even on reddit i have n't heard someone make that argument . 
  you are under a common misapprehension that americans view mass media as anything other then the equivalent of cultural junk food . 
  it is nothing but a huge business that makes us billions upon billions of dollars . 
  no one is going to claim that most of these things are art , they are means of revenue generation . 
  the funny thing is that these blockbuster movies now make more money overseas then they do over hear . 
  you guys pay to see jingoistic propaganda more then we do . 
  and for us , it is kind of an over the top laugh , as where you probably perceive it as being serious . 
  these films probably do no make us look the greatest , but it is very beneficial to the economy , so we 'll deal with it . 
  we do have plenty of small independent films which are geared towards a national audience , and do not have foreign promotional budgets . 
  just to give you and example of how people can understandably be misled by media , when i studied in london the late '90s , i was utterly confused as to why people kept making references to the jerry springer show ( google it if you do not know it ) . 
  apparently it was on in england all the time , and it was taken seriously . 
  the show featured literally the lowest class of society , and half the time it was fake . 
  so based on this show , the british kids that met our group , which was made up of jewish/indian and catholic nyc ` ers , expected us all to be rural hillbillies who were bible thumping christian evangelists . 
  obviously that was not the case . 
  one further bit , the loudest englishman i met back then , who was all `` rah rah , american football sucks , americans are pussies , you are all religious fundamentalists , '' is now in the process of applying for american citizenship . 
  he had based all his conceptions of us on the media , never knew an american or visited . 
  after coming over here a few times , his attitude changed . 
  because a new and better phone has come out . 
  especially if you have an old phone that only has 3g , and now you want 4g . 
  or is you have a blackberry ( shudder ) . 
  below is one of the best examples of a ridiculous , snooty european comment i have ever seen . 
  the comparison to someone talking about pop-culture and your reference to art history is quite amusing . 
   not everybody is from the us and not everybody cares about the us . 
  for fucks sake this week someone tried to tell me that the us was the ` leader ' culture wise ...     rembrand , picasso , mozart and what not disagree . 
   i 'm from germany , not the us . 
  and we do n't have such a sue culture as in the us . 
  you burned yourself because you took a sip of hot coffee - your fucking fault , moron . 
  edit : this is not a stereotype , right ? 
  did you look at the old lady 's burns ? 
  mortgages on houses are a special situation , and treated differently then all other debts here . 
  and what you are saying about just walking away from houses is only the law in a few states , and in those states , the worst of the housing bubble happened ( florida , nevade , etc. ) . 
  so i agree with you on that count . 
  here in new york , if i stopped paying my mortgage and walked away , the bank would sell my house , and if they did n't get all their money back , they would sue me for the rest . 
  with regard to other debts however , it is n't that you just walk away , and they are gone . 
  you file for bankruptcy , and then a judge takes over your money situation to settle debts the best way possible . 
  so the court will sell all your stuff to pay you creditors , and then they will work out a reasonable payment plan where a reasonable portion of your income goes to pay more of your debt . 
  you will also not be able to borrow any money for at least 8 years . 
  if there is just simply too much debt , some of it will get discharged . 
  but since lenders are aware that this is how the system works , it should make them be careful who they lend to , so that they do n't lose money . 
  so it is n't that you just get away with not paying , it is just worked out so you can not end up homeless and a permanent debt slave . 
  think about someone who bought a house in spain a few years ago , and now their house is worth 1/3 what is was . 
  the economy is terrible , and you lose your job .
