  people drive much more over here , and it is n't unusual to get 250k miles or so out of a well maintained cars . 
  that might take you forever . 
  not so much anymore , ford does `` world cars '' now . 
  focus , fiesta , mustang are the same everywhere . 
  you are now a mod at / r/murica, 
  how cozy are you ? 
  yeah , that would be the same here , as long as there is a reasonable suspicion that you took drugs , they can pull you over . 
  they would have to confirm that you appear intoxicated , and if you appear to be , they can arrest you . 
  but people ca n't be pulled over for no reason , can they ? 
  special does n't mean equal . 
  from stabbing big bird . 
  weed use is becoming more `` normal '' every single day . 
  you can be flagged for no reason whatsoever ? 
  oh , i thought this was an advertisement by the french tourism bureau . 
  i almost reported it for being an advertisement . 
  this was the better chart brah . 
  they forgot '' / s. '', 
  you do n't need to take this shit from these bullies !!, 
  worse that that , it 's a `` southernism . '', 
  i used to be a nice person , but then i lived in london for a period of 6 months , which was about a decade after thatcher left office . 
  ever since then , i 've been a huge asshole . 
  i think point ( a ) is more the case , and point ( b ) is wrong , because greece got austerity , and looks like detroit now . 
  the lesson from detroit was that an orderly bankruptcy ( i.e. 
  debt forgiveness ) is the only option . 
  the eu is pretending and extending with greece . 
  it is n't fixed . 
  you are german , you understand federalism , right ? 
  if a subordinate entity is completely profligate and oit of control , there will be problems . 
  detroit waited far too long to declare bankruptcy , but once it did , the problems began to be rectified . 
  it was n't a simple default or anything . 
  of course we had horrible problems here during the crisis , and still have problems , but we are not facing a debt crisis . 
  just wanted to let you know that i found all your comments in this thread extremely informative and helpful to my understanding of the experiences of many germans . 
  you are also very patient with some rude people . 
  my best wishes to you and your wife for the future . 
  the us does not have a debt crisis , detroit is just a municipality that lost half it 's population and was mismanaged for decades . 
  most of us figure it out around 12-13 . 
  very interesting article , thanks !, 
  i love jarslberg , i posted something to / r/norway awhile back . 
  i believe it is the most popular `` premium '' cheese in the us . 
  yum . 
  finlandia is good too though ( ducks ), 
  smoked gouda and aged gouda are amazing . 
  i 'd pay for it , i mean i already do pay for bbc and bbc america on cable . 
  i think we may move to the pattern that is in europe ( or at least france ) now ; inner city is more expensive and desirable , poor people move to suburbs . 
  this is in a ny state gov. 
  building , i can assure you it is not decadent . 
  but there is a philosophy of `` some must freeze so none sweat . '', 
  you can put a sweater on , but you ca n't do anything about heat . 
  and while the woman 15 feet from me has a heater , i have a desk fan blowing on me . 
  some people are always cold , some are always hot . 
  i lived in london for a semester . 
  we took a trip to brighton in southermost uk ; they had freakin palm trees !, 
   i guess it 's like an high-rise , where you ca n't open windows ? 
  no , it 's an old stone masonry building . 
  it shook like hell when we had that little earthquake a few years ago . 
  i do leave my window open a crack , as does my officemate , but these cold women know that they ca n't open their windows open all the way and let in all that hot air . 
  when it is hot , my wife and i set the ac in our bedroom to 72 at night . 
  i put it on energy saver so it shuts totally off for 20 minutes at a time . 
  i 'd literally die without ac . 
  here is a story about leaving the doors open and ac on : http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/air-conditioning-waste-retail-new-york-manhattan-business-consumer-affairs-investigation-318189311.html, 
  oh geez , that must have been frustrating . 
  half of them have never seen snow !, 
  our standard `` room temperature '' 68f/20c , so i 'm a bit surprised the hotel was wasting money keeping it cooler than that . 
  usually when i check into a hotel in the summer , it 's set at 74 , and then i set it to 70 . 
  i do n't know , i guess it is also what you are used to . 
  i do see a decent amount of women getting cold indoors a lot , but not really men . 
  i work in a building built in 1927 , which was retrofitted with ac . 
  a decent amount of women wear sweaters and use heaters in the summer . 
  but i do n't think it 's possible to properly cool such an old and huge building . 
  i never get cold in ac , this winter i stood outside on a train platform in -5 f / -20 c , so 65 does n't feel too cold . 
  i remember when i visited my ex 's family in spain and i wore a short sleeve shirt in 13c they thought i was going to die . 
  but yes , our systems could be improved on . 
  i wish i could find that article !!!, 
  there was also a story on the local news about businesses in manhattan which blast the ac and leave the doors open . 
  apparently people walk by and get tempted to go in , but it is a building code violation . 
  i just thank god we have ac on the subway . 
  and what were you doing in hartford ? 
  5 eyes are as close to friends as it gets however . 
  i do n't think we get that annoyed that people in germany are mad or whatever . 
  we are n't bffs like we are with the uk . 
  that would lead to some very embarrassing people gaining seats . 
  i do n't think it will ever be allowed . 
  yeah , the ones that sat empty are probably already trash . 
  but it is not a rule that wooden homes wo n't last for a long , long time . 
  i 've given you 2 upvotes so far , do n't be greedy !, 
  that is n't really true . 
  while it is true many houses built in places like florida , california and nevada were crappy quality , the frame will effectively last forever if the home is cared for . 
  if the owners suck , and let the roof leak , etc. , then yeah it will rot . 
  so it is n't like stone houses in italy , where the walls stand even after being abandoned . 
  and in places with seismic activity , the flexibility of wood frames are much better than stone/brick/concrete . 
  basically in places with lots of trees ( north america , scandinavia ) wood homes are going to be the cheapest . 
  i dated a girl from spain , and she asked when our wood frame house ( built in 1962 ) would have to be knocked down . 
  so i gave her the same explanation . 
  she had a hard time wrapping her head around it . 
  i was at her parent 's house , which was new . 
  it was built from concrete . 
  there was recently an article in either the ny times or bbc about that . 
  apparently they got preferential immigration status , and were very successful . 
  thx for the good peeps . 
  wooden houses can last for centuries .
