  possible , but not likely : http://eatocracy.cnn.com/2011/11/30/horse-coming-soon-to-a-meat-case-near-you/ `` while horses could soon be legally butchered , no money was actually allocated for horse meat inspections in the bill ; ultimately , it 'd be up to the usda to find funding in its present shoestring budget . '', 
  your other links are from 1906 !!!, 
  come on !!!, 
  i would only be worried about imported processed meat food having the wrong meat . 
  they can raise the animals so cheaply here , that there is not much incentive to lie about which meat . 
  the meat is all inspected , but before it gets there the conditions are inhumanely crowded , and illegal immigrants do the work for minimum wage . 
  my friend 's husband died from some chemical they spray chicken with at a plant , awful . 
  come to north america bro . 
  you know you belong here . 
  hell yeah , i 've had all the choufes , houblon is my favorite . 
  duvel is amazing , and they own a belgian style brewery here in ny : http://www.ommegang.com/ . 
  allagash is another amazing us belgian style brewery : http://www.allagash.com/about/ i can get a large variety of belgian beers here , even at a random supermarket , and belgian bars have been popping up a lot . 
  i love rochefort , but it is so expensive . 
  anyway , everyone in this sub bitches about `` hurr durr american hops , '' but we drink lots of belgian styles too . 
  tons of people drink the witbier style , especially in summer . 
  i guess i should n't expect too much beer knowledge in most subs , but we drink more than just hops !, 
  i bet those second and third generation indians consider themselves american !, 
  i 've read some crazy indian nationalist stuff online , so i 'm not surprised they would try to claim these americans . 
  it 's harmless to us . 
  umm , i 've not heard good things about brown people 's experience in aus . 
  i do n't know , maybe it is just a big internet stereotype , but aus is viewed as pretty damn racist . 
  i do believe fish is mislabeled here frequently . 
  as for horse meat , i highly doubt it , there is no domestic horse meat market here . 
  people are quite attached to horses over here , and freak out if horse meat is put into pet food . 
  in fact , in 2006 , congress passed a law banning inspection of horse meat for human food , so we can not buy it . 
  http://bigstory.ap.org/article/qa-chances-horse-meat-scandal-us here is a case where a company got in trouble for labeling regular beef as `` prime beef . '', 
  http://azstarnet.com/business/local/bashas-to-pay-m-to-settle-meat-mislabeling-charges-at/article_380d3199-4300-5b46-b01b-9cc824670a4c.html i have been unable to find any example of one type of animal meat being sold as another in the us in an admittedly quick search . 
  people get caught lying about the quality of meat , but not which animal . 
  of course , if you find an example , please pass it along . 
  do you have nay commonwealth rights , etc. ? 
  canada is a great place , and very similar to the us . 
  only meaningful difference i can think of is the healthcare . 
  and hell yeah , i 've been on many a road trip , and to tons on national parks , it kicks ass . 
  since we are in / r/europe , lets talk about europe . 
  when i studied abroad in london , there were two americans of indian descent in our group . 
  they were 100 % american , born here , had an ny accent , were just typical college kids , indistinguishable from me , except for being brown . 
  uk peeps had no difficulty comprehending that they were american . 
  i found the uk to be pretty good with understanding/accepting other cultures . 
  but my friends had a few people ask them , a few times , where they were from/what they are , and when they said they were american , some italians/french/spanish , etc. 
  seemed to not be able to accept that . 
  `` oh , i know you live in america , but what are you ? 
  you are n't american . '', 
  so much cringe , it was brutal . 
  if you can get into canada , go for it !, 
  well , with such a massive population , the odds are going to be tough for anything . 
  do you have any interest in coming here ? 
  with half your family here , i would think you have a chance . 
  granny smith id the most sour apple there is . 
  you are talking out of your ass . 
  that dude is trolling . 
  apples are awesome . 
  did you read the `` what euros think of scandinavians thread ? '', 
  apparently you guys are known as massive drunks , so why are you getting so snotty ? 
  that shit is good , but gulden draak , that shit is the bomb . 
  be careful with that !, 
  unless you are drinking your ipa over here , the hops are going to seriously degrade by the time you get it , and it is going to taste metallic . 
  beer does not travel well . 
  czech and german pilsners that are sold here taste like skunky piss . 
  but my friends who go to germany a lot say the same exact beer is amazing over there . 
  you are also really oversimplifying the whole hops thing . 
  sometime tons of hops is amazing . 
  take heady topper , its malt bill is as chewy and bready as anything from the uk , and then they dump a ton of hops in it . 
  it comes out perfectly balanced and is amazing . 
  not to mention hoppy beers are an acquired taste , i was purely a belgian guy for a year before i got into the hoppy stuff . 
  i hated it at first . 
  anyway , the biggest point is that beer does n't travel well , and unless you have it near the brewery , you ca n't get a good feel for it . 
  this does not apply to high alcohol beers , which is why belgians are great even after years . 
  indeed , the fda was never able to grace us with mad cow and hoof and mouth pandemics that required the slaughter and burning of millions of animals . 
  nor was the fda ever able to have tons of mislabeled meat sold . 
  i just hope that one day i 'll get to unknowingly eat horse . 
  yeah , and it 's going to sound terrible , but i 'll give you the stock american excuse which is that those murders are `` gang bangers '' killing each other in ghetto neighborhoods . 
  as much as i a literally do no have a problem with them killing each other , children and other innocent people get caught in the crossfire , and that is awful . 
  as far as other violent crime , i believe nyc is safer than london . 
  i generally do feel safer in nyc , and we do not have a massive pickpocket problem . 
  and as far as two states having white trash , there are way more than that , i can assure you . 
  alabama , miss. , georgia , tenn. , kentucky , west virginia . 
  that is just the tip of the iceberg !, 
  those are some good , undiluted scotch-irish folk !, 
  which is why i said you guys were the inventors of white trash , we got ours from you . 
  anyway , its obvious you have a good sense of humor and do not get butthurt , which can be a rarity in this sub !, 
  yeah , it did n't used to be that way , though we have the whole h1-b visa program . 
  if you are highly skilled we 'll take you , or if you have family members here , or are a refugee , otherwise it is tough . 
  i am sure you are aware we have many highly skilled indian immigrants , who are viewed as `` model minorities '' alongside koreans/japanese/jews . 
  i grew up in the nyc metro , always had a few indian friends , who integrated perfectly into our society . 
  though i know it can be harder for sikhs who wear turbans and beards . 
  it really angers me when people discriminate against sikhs , who have such a peaceful philosophy , and are just good people in general ( in my experience ) . 
  my sikh friend is not strictly observant , so people just take him as an indian . 
  yes , americans hate scandinavia , you can see it here on reddit every day . 
  fapped . 
  come visit us in ` murica , we love ourselves some eastern euros . 
  you do n't need them mean brits anyway . 
  spot on my man . 
  i am from nyc , and went to study in london . 
  i was expecting scones and the queens english . 
  instead it was kebabs and drunken/violent 14 year olds . 
  you guys invented white trash . 
  so thanks for that . 
  this sub is propaganda . 
  look , someone wants to leave sweden for the us , that is not remotely realistic . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/iwantout/comments/240yh8/24msweden_looking_to_get_in_touch_with_nice/ all praise to our blond overlords !,
