  have you lived in any other country ? 
  when i studied in london , there were two indian-americans ( not native americans ) from ny , who were just as ny as me . 
  no indian accent , dressed normal , exactly the same as me . 
  at least 5 times i saw continental europeans ask them what they are , they say american , and then they are asked `` no , what are you really ? '', 
  guess what , that wo n't happen to you here in alabama . 
  maybe that can give you some perspective . 
  i 'm jewish , but apparently do n't look like it , because when i was in europe , i heard a lot of random `` jew '' comments . 
  that has never happened to me in the us , and i 've been to mississippi , north carolina , louisiana . 
  honestly , you are putting some this on yourself . 
  i did n't get upset when i went down south and saw all the religious shit , and roads named after preachers . 
  yeah , i felt different because i 'm jewish , but it does n't mean i 'm less american then a bible thumper . 
  we are all different . 
  my friends who came here in their teens came from horrible situations in their home countries , showed up speaking no english and busted their asses and are very successful . 
  if anything they feel better about being `` different '' because they are multilingual and have a broader perspective than most . 
  also , i think you would be surprised how diverse cities in the middle of nowhere , like upstate ny . 
  give people a chance . 
  yeah , it might be annoying getting ask the same questions all the time , but people just want to learn about you as a person . 
  he 's talking about civic nationalism . 
  not sure why this is controversial . 
  my family was genocided into americans 120 years ago . 
  you are n't going to find a rural , not diverse area of one country on earth that is n't going to have that issue . 
  and there are idiots everywhere . 
  i personally do n't understand the issue of `` where are you from '' if you have an accent , it means you were born somewhere else . 
  it 's also usually asked out of genuine curiosity , not discrimination . 
  anyone who chose to move here and loves this country are the truest americans in my eyes . 
  people like me were born here , and given everything . 
  and 120 years ago , that was who my family were . 
  how do you know that ? 
  i have a lot of friends who have foreign parents , they are just as american as me . 
  i have friends that came here as refugees from the balkans , and they are as american as me as well . 
  it does n't prove they are complaint , but apparently the urea systems are effective . 
  no one could figure out how vw could do it without such a system . 
  i do n't know how much of an issue urea consumption is . 
  give them citizenship for fighting esa forces . 
  ca n't we all just get along ? 
  army guy should have dropped the bag . 
  let 's not get carried away . 
  it 's not so hard to make clean petrol engines . 
  no , bmw and mb used urea systems for their diesel . 
  they are compliant . 
   assimilation is a gradual process that usually takes a few generations that depends where i guess . 
  i know plenty of people with foreign parents , or were born abroad themselves . 
  they are 100 % assimilated . 
  doh , sorted posts by new and did n't see it . 
  sorry about that . 
  oh , you mean like how / r/europe thinks every american stomps baby skulls to get a cheap tv on black friday ? 
  meh , it 's just not a major component of free trade , even though there are foreign buyers . 
  i suppose you could say that many of the buyers themselves git their money from trade . 
  but apartment buildings , hotels and golf courses are not the same as google . 
  trump built himself on real estate deals , not international finance/trade . 
  he says chicago is a hell hole too . 
  please do n't grab my genitals without my consent . 
  thx, 
  they are best forgotten . 
  your current flair is quite lulzy . 
  i like you , do you like me ? 
  +1 for / u/elvishcopter and / u/marktplatz , both are very reasonable people . 
  i 'm not familiar with any other names , besides / u/creepyoctopus . 
  if he is latvian , i support him , if he is a swede , not sure ... also , i think the sub has been moderated very well over the past few months . 
  good job !, 
  i 'll second this , you are a very level headed fella . 
  are you a latvian in sweden ? 
  dnb :-d, 
  no , the houses . 
  and it already snowed a foot ( .3 m ) in upstate ny . 
  via milania, 
  second pic looks like ` murica . 
  as far as i know , it was only allegedly france , not the uk or us . 
  no , look at that statement . 
  he abused her and called her careless ( which as i said is a crime ) , but then did n't indict . 
  i 'm no trumpeteer , i 'm being objective . 
  look how patreus got canned and charged with a crime for leaking classified info . 
  because it was fixed , and then wikileaks exposed it , and i 'm guessing angry bernie people could n't bring themselves to vote for her . 
  and then there are naive babyboomer feminists like my mil , who would vote for hillary if there was video of here eating a live newborn baby . 
  brilliant plan by putin . 
  it 's the biggest tragedy for us at home of this whole thing . 
  there were votes on that ? 
  many only have it in name . 
  florida and texas do most of the frying . 
  it 's so crazy that hillary is losing when obama has such high approval marks . 
  the people really , really hate her . 
  investigations take a long time , and it 's not the republicans who cleared her , it ws the ag and the fbi . 
  it is a crime to negligently disseminate classified information , like forwarding emails you claim to not know where classified . 
  little people get tough sentences for this , and she did not even get charged . 
  look at comey 's statements . 
  eh , you 're right , that is n't so bad . 
  it 's the more personal fights on there that can be quite depressing , from smaller subs especially . 
  the investigation is n't over . 
  for god 's sake , her it guy went on reddit asking how to delete metadata from emails . 
  not to mention all the deleted and self selected emails . 
  she should be investigated for spoilation at minimum . 
  not to mention , other gov employees who forwarded one classified email in error have gotten jail time . 
   then you get he issue is what is a small decision . 
  nothing regarding changes to the constitution , nothing involving foreign affairs/treaties/trade agreements . 
  i 'd also limit it to the state level . 
  we do n't have federal referendums here . 
  no , even worse , you will be lumped in with us . 
  i am not a republican , but i am a lawyer . 
  if you think hillary has n't been indicted bc of the merits , you are wrong . 
  bill clinton went on lorretta lynch 's plane right before the decision was made .
