  if we have an idea of global output , it is helpful . 
  the russians and chinese are up in our shit 24/7 , all we do is bitch about it . 
  if you did it to us , we 'd just bitch about that too . 
  lol . 
  sauce ? 
  we just ca n't help ourselves when it comes to the germans . 
  remember when they asked for their gold back ? 
  it 's to reduce the dominance of london and nyc . 
  not going to happen . 
  maybe we are sharing our info with greece , we do n't want to see the euro blow up . 
  the 5 eyes share everything . 
  the story is being used as a metaphor , it is n't to be taken as a literal comparison . 
  i think fiscal union was the only answer , but it is not going to happen . 
  i 'm not very optimistic about the situation . 
  and yes , europe is headed for demographic problems , but a balanced budget is n't going to do much to fix that at all . 
  there is no solution to a shrinking population with the current monetary system . 
  there will need to be radical changes . 
  seriously , no one knows what is going on . 
  nothing can make japan recover , they are in demographic collapse . 
  you can not increase activity with a shrinking base of consumers . 
  and i do think the fed should be more aggressive with raising rates at this point . 
  but as to why people here are freaking out does n't have much to deal with this . 
  we are watching in horror as europe commits suicide over a small country . 
  from here , it looks like europeans are sleepwalking into something horrible . 
  i mean , we get that the greeks and their pm are basically impossible to deal with , but it is n't worth ruining europe over . 
  people here had been thinking of the eu as a bloc and a trading partner for us , now that is being put as risk . 
  we really do n't know what is going to happen , and it makes us nervous . 
  it 's not that we want a bubble , it 's that we do n't want another crisis . 
  it 's not just us , the boe and boj did it as well . 
  and i do n't think it 's a coincidence that the us and uk are recovering strongly . 
  germany still has this massive fear of inflation , but the real enemy to the ez is disinflation . 
  if you printed trillions of euros right now , inflation would still not budge much above 0 . 
  i am totally lost at this point . 
  absolute clownshow . 
  literally regime change . 
  wow . 
  we did reject those mofos !, 
  but not to the point of renaming places . 
  now when it came to german place names , we got rid of those . 
  btw , is n't it time you rid yourself of the queen ? 
  also in pennsylvania . 
  holy shit . 
  ireland and austria , and maybe sweden . 
  `` the greeks wo n't default over a scrap of paper '' - german high command , 2015 . 
  why would they rename a place already named after a place in england ? 
  there is no way that someone would be able to lie to get in again , that was the issue . 
  greece 's debt does not have to be written off , but generous terms for repayment can be granted . 
  i totally get why other eu people are pissed off , but greece is not worth flushing the eu down the toilet for . 
  i 'm not going to pretend i know what is going to happen , but there are so many risks . 
  mississippi is a sinkhole where my tax money goes to pay for welfare and healthcare for morbidly obese people . 
  it has been this way forever , and it will be that way forever . 
  but we are n't about blow up the whole country because we are tired of paying for them . 
  in a union you take the good with the bad , and since the good outweighs the bad , we keep the union together . 
  yes , i know greece lied to get in the euro , but it 's too late , and it 's better to pay a price to keep these liars in the euro than to shoot yourself in the foot . 
  ha , i 'm not sure nixon closing the gold window was a `` default . '', 
  they sell municipal bonds , which they do pay interest on . 
  maybe you can buy the rights to the name `` macedonia '' cheaply now . 
  not sure a lot of greeks would agree with that . 
  well i appreciate the humor here , no one cuts down stupid comments better than you guys . 
  so much more effective than a downvote . 
  if it makes you feel any better , greek - americans are seen as extremely hard working small business owners . 
  i think they will have a lot of family moving here soon ... 
  i find the romanians and bulgarians to be the funniest people in this sub , with baltics and some poles not too far behind . 
  must be the result of communism in the past ( though it does not seem to have effected east germans in this manner ) . 
  i kid , i kid . 
  former yugo folks have some hilarious black humor as well . 
  what about private media ? 
  it is on the front page everywhere here , markets are down bigtime . 
  that you ? 
  italy lets them sneak out . 
  not a terrible plan for greece . 
  they like it because it is predictable , and favors the written words of a contract , even if it is not what the parties intended . 
  visit montreal in january , and let me know what you think . 
  dude , even up here in ny , it gets hot in the summer . 
  those people are full of it , they just could n't deal with the cold . 
  the eu should have been willing to pay for that geopolitical advantage . 
  when you are a nation that does not export goods in return for hard currency , printing a worthless currency is not an immediate cure . 
  i think so . 
  it also reminds me of how alexander hamilton federalized state debts after the revolutionary war in order to tie the country together . 
  they could have done it legislatively , for example , no federal funds for certain social programs in states that ban gay marriage . 
  not saying it would have worked . 
  unclear war is the best war . 
  do n't some of the cartels engage in some kind of crazy catholic mysticism ? 
  mississippi has the confederate battle flag in their state flag . 
  bottom of the barrel !, 
  no , they do n't like romanians . 
  it 's because / r/europe is a default for many users . 
  no need to get your bum sore , bud . 
  then i suppose it 's its very own language . 
  regardless , titles should be in english only . 
  because there is no water , they only drink whiskey , and it 's hard to beat drunk celts . 
  as a baby , i found this hilarious . 
  40 is old ? 
  thx bruh . 
  i think a french title crosses the line , and there is not room for both in a title . 
  and no , i do n't care that some dictionaries have `` attentat '' as an english word . 
  greetings , fellow dutch speaker . 
  this is an english language website , i 'm sure you can find a french language site if you wish . 
  sorry , you are too sarcastic , and we know there are some cultures which have difficulty with that . 
  ok , you are in a good position .
