  i 'm not sure why you would waste time defending them . 
  ooh , a consultant . 
  good gig !, 
  my friend does that , setting up sap for companies . 
  commutes from ny to texas weekly . 
  uh , no , i did n't learn that on reddit . 
  i went on vacation to croatia , so i read everything i could find about it first . 
  you can look it up on wiki or wherever else , the germans thought the ustache went overboard with their brutality . 
  this does n't have anything to do with croats today . 
  so spare me your victimhood . 
  if you want to stay , make it happen . 
  canada is pretty good with accepting qualified people , no ? 
  it 's always cheaper in the south , but if german automakers care so much about unions , make less money , and go to the north . 
  all the northern states have very strong unions , why not build the factories there ? 
  i 'm not saying brigading does n't happen , i 'm just saying that there is a large anti-immigration contingent in the european population at large , and we are probably seeing more of that than we did in the past . 
  just like in the past this sub was rabidly pro-eu , and that viewpoint was not reflected in the european population at large . 
  yeah , i guess things are different everywhere . 
  i was unemployed for a month a few years back , i had health insurance from my wife , got unemployment funds from the state and we were not in financial distress . 
  but i felt like a piece of shit for not having a job , and it also got pretty damn boring . 
  i just could not do that . 
  that is a bit crazy to me . 
  you have to go where the jobs are . 
  / r/europe is a default for many users now , so we might be seeing a more representative picture of actual european opinion now . 
  just because it 's scary does n't mean it is a fake brigade or something . 
  also , i 'm guessing less people speak czech than german . 
  damn you sweden , you 're better at self-congratulation than we are now . 
  and the brits love that as much as golf . 
  win win . 
   the uk is now ireland 's greatest ally ( bff 's , sorry usa ) no !!, 
  we are your bestest friend !!, 
  you just have more stuff to do with the brits . 
  they do n't even say hi to people !, 
  are you staying for good , or is it just a work thing ? 
  and yet they still like you . 
  if you let any group of people push you around the day they walk into your country , why should they ever respect your culture ? 
   many of those walking on the motorway raised their hands as they shouted : `` malmo , malmo , malmo , '' the politiken daily wrote . 
  serbia is the little brother . 
  it is n't correct to call an extremist croat a nazi ; hitler was outraged at the brutality of the usta\u0161a . 
  is rightful russian mammoth . 
  yuo of givings back to glorious rossiya . 
  you need to produce more halal yogurt . 
   president putin and i are using every opportunity to talk about the present and future cooperation , about the ways to make serbia and russia a synonym of unity - when you mention serbia , you can put russia right next to it , and vice versa . 
  all in on russia !, 
  lot of people willing to leave for the uk . 
  you need to be much more vigilant and tell aggressive people to fuck off . 
  weak euro has been good for piss shows . 
  they think we live in huts . 
  banned yet ? 
  they do that in the southern us too . 
  open auto factories where there are no unions . 
  good call . 
  no one there would tell him to fuck off ? 
  do n't worry , a lot are on cam , the brits can see them from home . 
  are fucking kidding me ? 
  we had soviet nuclear engineers mopping floors and driving cabs . 
  i do n't know , you have some very attractive women ... 
  them scandinavian folks mostly live close to the coast . 
  the central americans in ny are doing just fine , and it 's colder here . 
  us media has been very unfair to hungary , even after showing migrants attacking police . 
  if that happened here , the police would use tear gas and batons . 
  there would also be armed and angry citizens who would be pissed about behavior that appears ungrateful . 
  how are a these jobs empty in a single market ? 
  us/canada do n't really think that . 
  hashtagnotallwesterncountries, 
  this is also true with some american teenagers . 
  please take them as refugees . 
  `` new system '' = broomsticks . 
  perhaps he is engaging in performance art . 
  but maybe that is why it is hard to find in germany ? 
  the american version has a lot of holocaust jokes . 
  i 'm a lawyer . 
  it 's illegal to blow up boats and have people die as a result . 
  i was there a week ago , thoroughly enjoyed it . 
  the beer was great , and the customer service was amazing . 
  pretty sure blowing up a boat is illegal . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  and i 'm saying to be one of those 70k , you just have to be fleeing a warzone ( it 's more complicated i 'm sure ) , and not be a terrorist . 
  education , etc. , all that are not part of the equation . 
  read all the foundation books , and the prequels and sequels when i was a kid . 
  but psychohistory is not needed to see such basic flaws in the euro . 
  not to belabor the point ; any refugee who is not a security threat is qualified . 
  nailed it , huh ? 
  `` the drive for the euro has been motivated by politics not economics . 
  the aim has been to link germany and france so closely as to make a future european war impossible , and to set the stage for a federal united states of europe . 
  i believe that adoption of the euro would have the opposite effect . 
  it would exacerbate political tensions by converting divergent shocks that could have been readily accommodated by exchange rate changes into divisive political issues . 
  political unity can pave the way for monetary unity . 
  monetary unity imposed under unfavorable conditions will prove a barrier to the achievement of political unity . '', 
  that is n't how we handle refugees . 
  we just make sure they are n't terrorists . 
  you are thinking of our regular immigration . 
  clowns to the left of you , jokers to the right . 
  `` remember the time i let my dog in the room and you totally freaked ? 
  lelz !, 
  do you have lng depressurization facilities at any of your ports ? 
  hopefully we can send some lng your way . 
  droppin motherfucking knowledge . 
  yes , you all look the same to me ;-), 
  we are going to take refugees , we just have a very lengthy screening process . 
  what was the comment ?
