  seriously . 
  thanks for mentioning . 
  i made another name with eu flair , and make the exact same comments without being downvoted to oblivion . 
  if you really want to see downvote culture , make an unpopular comment whist using american flair . 
  give it a try . 
  what is the official name ? 
  ireland ? 
  i thought of it from seeing made in roc on stuff made in taiwan . 
  would calling it the roi annoy people ? 
  thank you for your kind reply !, 
  and yes , the native issue applies whether were are discussing a monarchy or not . 
  and i suppose there has been intermarriage from different nationalities since medieval times . 
  that being said , i ca n't envision any royal family being totally ethnically divorced from the native population . 
  ha , silly me missing that . 
  no , no . 
  americans do not see them as dictators , we know they are figureheads with a little bit of power to perhaps blocks a ridiculous piece of regulation . 
  i think a lot of americans just find it anachronistic and in a way fundamentally unfair . 
  that there is a special class of people , who have an actual political status conferred on them by accident of birth , just seems wrong . 
  i 'm sure this is because what we learn in history , overthrowing the yoke of king george , and then learning how george washington did not want to be a king , and stepped down from power after his term elapsed . 
  i also think we find it hard to accept that a nation would be based a single ethnic identity , which is embodied in the royals . 
  why do you think we have the pledge of allegiance and our national anthem all the time ? 
  we had to create a situation where widely disparate people would be loyal to the country . 
  i totally understand this comes across as grating to everyone else . 
  finally , many of us think it is crazy that these fabulously rich people receive stipends , palaces and a luxurious lifestyle paid for by taxpayers . 
  worst example i can think of this would be in spain ; the king out elephant hunting , while his son in law is under investigation for corruption ? 
  it would have some impact . 
  i hear what you are saying , but i think the real people to go after are major shareholders , and all bondholders . 
  then i think little people like myself would be very , very reluctant to invest all . 
   as long as we make money , we do n't care if you can afford it or what you do with it . 
  is this something to be proud of ? 
  what ? 
  i should be held liable b/c i have a few shares of a company in my retirement account ? 
  then ibm violated the foreign corrupt practices act . 
  send an email to eric holder . 
  ahh , kulaks were peasants who had a few cows and some land , they were n't the poorest of the poor . 
  i did n't realize that . 
  were these boozing marxists angry about it ? 
  did they think it need to happen for true communism to flourish ? 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to convey . 
  yes , i know of the kulaks . 
  everything i learned about this was through reading about stalin , and the material was focused on the stated goals of his policies . 
  i have not read specifically of the holodmor , do you have any sources you would recommended ? 
  he probably feels guilty using a polish flair , when in fact he is american . 
  but you know what happens when you have american flair ... 
  well the are right that not many people here are aware of the holodmor , but that is about it . 
  oh , you must have missed the part where he said he was american . 
  i agree that it might not be be specifically aimed at ukrainians , but huge numbers of them died . 
  i am not knowledgeable about what goes on in europe with regard to the holodmor , but in the us there is a strain of right wing kooks ( very small in number ) that claim jews controlled the soviet union and specifically tried to eradicate ukrainians vie starvation . 
  they then go on to say that this is not taught anywhere , and that so many more people died in the holodmor than the holocaust , but no one remembers it . 
  this than leads them to the conclusion that the holocaust is a made up conspiracy to get sympathy for the jews . 
  i suppose the debate would be whether or not the policies that caused the starvation were motivated by a desire to destroy the ukrainian people . 
  is that correct ? 
  what do you consider it ? 
  from what i have read , it was due to the agricultural policies of stalin . 
  are you saying it is n't a genocide because it was n't effectuated with the intent of destroying the ukrainian people ? 
  why would japan have muslims coming in ? 
  how about philippinos and koreans and other asians ? 
   the problems with white people is that they ca n't afford to have many kids in their countries cause they are too busy supporting the families of immigrants and other minorites . 
  we ca n't afford it because we are not willing to a step down economically to pay for children . 
  if people ca n't have the car they want and the house they want b/c kids cost so much , they wo n't have kids . 
  poor people do n't have shit already so sure , pop out some kids and go on welfare . 
  before you start complaining that welfare costs so much , it does n't !!, 
  wars cost a lot , not food stamps . 
  it remains to be seen what will happen with the us . 
  there are so many illegals here , that they can be rounded up and sent home should things get out of hand . 
  in europe , these problem people were granted citizenship . 
   as for you constantly bringing up america - i have no interest in america and what you guys do . 
  this is / r/europe [ 1 ] . 
  really ? 
   dubhlinncity [ +1 ] 3 points 4 hours ago ( 3 | 0 ) would you classify native americans as racist if they said that they wished that europeans didnt emigrate to their country throughout history ? 
  you brought america in right there . 
  with regard to japan , please watch this http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b03fh0bg sure , things are fine there right now , but they are facing an exponential population collapse , and a ridiculously inverted population period . 
  that video covers their lack of openness to immigration . 
  as for your flair , i did not see it on my mobile app , and did not assume you were irish from your username , as that has backfired on me in the past . 
  however , as ireland is part of the eu , and as you pointed out , we are in / r/europe , you flair does not save you from this issue . 
   multiculturalism has been an abject failure here . 
  absofuckinglutley !!, 
  and this is my issue , and you have explained exactly why . 
  you europeans have let unassimilated immigrants run amok . 
  your police are petrified of them . 
  pathetic . 
  all these no go areas where sharia law was more or less in effect , female genital mutilation being performed and even honor killings . 
  how could you let this insanity go on ? 
  you guys let this fester to the point of no return . 
  i always hear of 3rd generation `` citizens '' from algeria in france , or turkey in germany who can not speak french of german !, 
  i honestly ca n't comprehend how that is even possible . 
  you guys let these people set up a society within a society . 
  i have no interest in discussing how immigrants can assimilate much easier in countries like canada/us , etc. 
  that are built on immigration . 
  i am interested in discussing how so many european countries looked the other way while all manner of barbarity took place within their own borders . 
  why is there no will to uphold basic tenets of western civilization , in addition to your own laws ? 
  so please do n't confuse me with some bleeding heart `` you rayciss '' guy . 
  but here is the tricky part , population growth . 
  the birth rate for all developed societies has plummeted . 
  japan , south korea , spain , italy , etc. 
  basically have negative rates ( as do white americans ) . 
  the way economies currently function , you at least need to maintain or have only a small population decrease before deflation hits . 
  until this is sorted out immigration is needed . 
  i know that we are very , very lucky to border countries that share basic values with us . 
  so while there may be mexican drug gangs , etc. , there are not beheadings .
