  like you 've never seen russian porn . 
  the poles brah . 
  you 're old fashioned . 
  i was hoping he would try to explain how there was not tension , but i just got a `` no . '', 
  do you believe the comments accurately reflect tensions in europe ? 
  yes , it will make getting out of the eu all the more easy . 
  `` look at those dysfunctional continentals , they still all hate each other . 
  we 're doing quite well here , what do we need to be involved in this nonsense for ? '', 
  some very good marketing . 
  great way to get people to buy stuff from a country who was our enemy . 
  what kind of union is this ? 
  geez . 
  flawless victory, 
  you keep you hands off canada , guy . 
   much of the rest of the world is growing , the commonwealth and the anglosphere are growing strongly . 
  want to host an upvote party for them on / r/europe ? 
  i would think that would depend on the height of the point , no ? 
  that austrians are a bunch of cheaters . 
  umm , how did that work out ? 
  bffs ? 
  god i love you eastern europeans . 
  this sub would suck without you . 
  some americans have n't learned that germans are the fanatical pacifists who we can not count on , not the french . 
  in fact , france and uk ( and poland more so every day ) are our only meaningful military partners in nato . 
  though i still think the carrier deal to russia was insane from day one . 
  but i know we can count on france always . 
  yeah , i hear ya . 
  your congressman , senator , state senator , state assemblyman , county legislator , town councilman . 
  all those people who you vote for that are supposed to represent your interests in the government . 
  i will visit one day . 
  for the tips , however , i want to thank / r/europe for teaching me the error of my ways . 
  i 'm from nyc , we live to tip . 
  we tip everyone all the time , and for a lot of money . 
  it 's really ingrained into our culture , much more so than the rest of the country . 
  but since coming here , to this sub , i learned that is wrong , and now instead of tips , i hand out cards with a website that helps you find your local and national representatives . 
  on the other side it says `` instead of stealing my money , why do n't you lobby your representative for a decent living wage . 
  you make me sick , you ridiculous peasant . '', 
  thanks / r/europe !, 
  whoa . 
  good luck bro !, 
  she even moved to ` murica !, 
  we were too young , and she went back after a year . 
  her fam was investing bigtime in real estate around alicante . 
  i wonder how they are now . 
  it played a rather large part in bringing itself to its knees . 
  dated a spanish girl . 
  recommend . 
  and people of the baltics are nice to us in / r/europe . 
  :-) when i graduated from college , my first apartment was on the 23rd floor in nyc . 
  it 's great having a view . 
  yes it is . 
  it also makes a lot of sense for countries with lots of forests ( i.e. 
  canada/us/scandinavia ) to build houses from it . 
  it was funny when my gf ( at the time ) from spain visited my parents house and was shocked to see it was made out of wood . 
  she did n't think it would be able to last 30 years . 
  so i took her around town and showed here plenty of wooden buildings from the 1700s . 
  yes , you do it the best . 
  i 'm not even sure who i would cite as second best . 
  central/eastern part of the country . 
  perhaps you can teach some middle eastern nations how to oil . 
  looks like a very nice neighborhood . 
  is this a high rise , or up on a hill ? 
  lots of amazing beer in sheffield . 
  i 've noticed that many houses in scandinavia are very similar to houses in new england ( northeast corner of the us ) . 
  except when an american posts them you get `` omg , houses made of wood , what pieces of shit ! '', 
  those look like fairly low mountains , and there is still snow ? 
  wow . 
  beautiful . 
  so this is the greenbelt ? 
  i 'd be totally cool with us letting any christians and yazidis who want to come here , to come here . 
  i think the kurdistan will stay and fight , and we should give them whatever arms they want . 
  what american spells defense as defence ? 
  i like to think of kurds as good guys who need their own country . 
  are they ? 
  you mean superhero alliance . 
  it 's a miracle the belgian army has n't fought itself . 
  is it split up by language ? 
  poland , who does not forget history , takes its defense seriously . 
  i wish others in europe would do the same . 
  history is not over . 
  yes , yes . 
  by then then the 5 eyes alliance will have replaced nato . 
  how many soldiers are involved in the french african missions ? 
  why would you think the uk could not do the same ? 
  umm , reddit was founded by americans with american venture capital , is based in america , is run by americans and is hosted an the servers of another american company ( amazon ) . 
  of course there are users from everywhere , and that is great , but reddit is a fundamentally american website . 
  reddit has naughty pics on it , is it a restricted site on the uk think of the children filter ? 
  it 's oppression like this why my family had to flee europe . 
  do you find the skyscrapers in nyc less offensive than the ones in london ? 
  ours newer ones tend to be glass boxes of various shapes ( but nothing too crazy ) , and the older ones are ornate stone . 
  i do n't think anyone builds with bare concrete besides brutalists , who no longer exist as far as i know . 
  20-25 story apartment buildings would be fine in the outlying areas of london . 
  yeah , ridiculous . 
  dilution is the solution to pollution . 
  i 've lived in london , it is n't nearly all old stone , a lot of it is post war crap built during shortages . 
  but to quote a particularly angry ex-special forces minicab driver i had `` it 's because we did n't put our hands up like they did in paris . '', 
  especially in outer zones this could be done . 
  you ca n't tell me that there does n't need to be more housing . 
  well , we have a great frieght network at least ... 
  i 'm just happy my metronorth commuter rail is back to being perfect after a horrible year .
