  another redditor told me there is a lot of support in france for penalizing hate preachers , and i think that is more or less reasonable ( not that i would support it ) , but this goes too far . 
  that i could see , but i do n't think marine lepen came close to that rhetoric , do you ? 
  first off , before you think i 'm a huge dbag , i 've known these people fro 20 years , so we can talk politics without getting \\ nasty . 
  it 's interesting , people had kind of strange reasons for staying in . 
  one was environmental regulations , and the other was the european charter of unsentimental rights . 
  basically they did n't trust parliament on these issues . 
  but they thought the euro was a disaster and were 100 % against an `` ever closer '' union . 
  i do n't know , it did n't seem like they felt so strongly about core issues , just a few issues . 
  well you are in ` murica now , and putin thinks you are a traitor . 
  somalis do not integrate in the us either , but to me that is cultural . 
  i think the vast majority of canadians/americans would fit in great and not cause any problems , and that would be folks from all different backgrounds . 
  of course there would be exceptions . 
  and there are some ethnicities that just wo n't intergrate , but it 's their culture that causes that , not their genes or whatever . 
  how have you assimilated here ? 
  i live in nyc and work with and am friends with many russians , including a lot who came here as refugees . 
  they bust their asses and have done very well for themselves . 
  aww , calm down little buddy . 
  america has a lot more in common with v4 than germany and sweden . 
  start paying attention . 
  so basically you can not have a free and unfettered discussion over thing like assimilation and refugees without risking jail/fines . 
  right now europe needs open debate . 
  stifling this will lead to extremism . 
  mecca for the hajj . 
  where do you live ? 
  can you legally speak your mind ? 
  how much support is there in france for these `` incitement '' laws ? 
  you seem to care a lot about ethnic issues . 
  would you be as concerned if canadian and american refugees were going to europe by the thousands ? 
  in my opinion it 's a values thing , not an ethnicity issue . 
  especially since refugees do n't generally get citizenship and stay forever . 
  i was recently at a wedding in ireland that was full of uk folks , i campaigned hard for brexit . 
  seems a lot of folks were leaning that way already . 
  madrid would go ballistic . 
  you are going to latvia my friend . 
  how could you leave greece/eurocrisis off ? 
  yes , and to be clear i was attempting to demonstrate my knowledge of french cartoons . 
  in fact that was the entirety of my knowledge on the subject . 
  you mean asterix . 
  seems like your v4 bros know it was your government , not the people . 
  that 's an interesting non sequitur . 
  if you were latvian , you would not even have macaron at the end . 
  it 's a great day for solidarity in the eu . 
  because their government said they were against the plan . 
  well , it looks like some might be leaving . 
  true . 
  but not in hungary . 
  popcorn is a great investment these days . 
  giving people money does n't make them love you . 
  and to the immediate south as well ? 
  you are definitely not portrayed as racists here , at all . 
  is everyone in poland shocked right now ? 
  in your own media , or european media at large ? 
  barbed wire . 
  you are opted out of this plan , right ? 
  it 's ridiculous , but i 'm not surprised . 
  [ eats popcorn ], 
  if people did make it to our shores and claimed asylum , i believe we have secure facilities that they stay at if they are possible security threat . 
  and yes , we will only take the ones from the camps who pass our vetting , no country should have to import terrorists . 
  as for our navy , that is probably the biggest roi out of anything we do . 
  i never see americans bashing turkey here , you are thinking of your european brethren who wo n't let you in their cool club . 
  trump actually said we should take in syrian refugees , even though he `` hates the idea . '', 
  no , we will take refugees from the camps , they do not have to come here . 
  but i was n't really disagreeing with that bit , just that we are going to pick and choose `` the best '' refugees . 
  our geography is our biggest strength , we do n't need to apologize for it . 
  we take any refugee who is not a terrorist and passing screening . 
  this is n't applying for a green card or hb1 visa . 
  he sounds like a nice guy ... well , if you go around making hateful comments under your real name on the internet , you have to deal with the consequences . 
  well , if you put something out on the internet with your real name , you have to live with the consequences . 
  what do you mean it does n't tell anything ? 
  you can sue anyone for anything in the uk as well . 
  people were fraudulently induced to purchase a car which wsa advertised as a `` clean diesel . '', 
  they did not get what they paid for . 
  vw will settle . 
  there are already suits against them . 
  it is pissing people off , and hurting the brand . 
  it is n't legal . 
   so i would say the american consumer is at fault . 
  you are nuts . 
  vw could n't comply with our diesel emissions requirements , which are much tougher than europe 's ( despite jerking yourselves off about the environment all the time ) . 
  end of story . 
  vw marketed diesel as an environmentally sound alternative to hybrids . 
  people already lost 5-8 mpg when vw lied to the epa and updated the program via recall . 
  did they report the people to the police ? 
  is this a crime ? 
  ~ ~ obviously ~ ~ if an an open and honest debate is not taking place , ~ ~ which ~ ~ there will probably have a right wing backlash . 
  edit above, 
  you have a source for that ? 
  i ca n't add anything to your comments about the parties in germany arguing , but the whole situation looks pretty damn confusing from the outside . 
  whether she meant to or not , the entire rest of the planet took merkel 's statements as `` all refugees are welcome , come on over !!! '', 
  before actually establishing a support system . 
  and that put a shitload of stress on countries who were not ready . 
  it 's a clusterfuck , and you should n't be surprised if people are incredulous about it . 
  come on bro . 
  your citizenship is hereby revoked . 
  loyalist scum . 
  serious tag would be very useful for self posts . 
  i 'll endorse you . 
  why would we need one ? 
  `` bitches ai n't shit but hoes and tricks '' by snoop dogg and dr. dre . 
  the family of each person killed will get millions of dollars , which is way more than the vw fines for each car .
