  hillary 's shrieking is torture . 
  french jews should vote with their feet , not for fn . 
  you are on your a game today . 
  europeans kill most of the jews and make then flee to the me , and get mad at the jews for it . 
  this makes poland sad, 
  i 'm just saying ireland and canada are in a unique position bc of their neighbors . 
  it has to do with it just because where they are located . 
  if russia invades canada via the arctic route , we have to go and fight there . 
  we can sit back and let countries in europe be taken over if we want to , it 's not imperative to our territorial integrity . 
  that 's right , i forgot that israel blew up a french made nuclear reactor in iraq in 1981 . 
  do you not see my edit ? 
  or are you just having a bad day ? 
   european arsenals of laser-guided bombs , the nato weapon of choice in the libyan campaign , have been quickly depleted , officials said . 
  although the united states has significant stockpiles , its munitions do not fit on the british - and french-made planes that have flown the bulk of the missions . 
  i was mistaken , will make an edit . 
  i was wrong about it 2 % being binding , i 'll edit my reply . 
  the american public is becoming very non-interventionist , so i do think it 's a possibility in the not to distant future . 
  might be best for everyone really . 
  you are the second or third person to tell me that the 2 % is just a guideline , so it appears i 've misapprehended that aspect . 
  i still think it would give germans much stronger footings to tell the rest of nato to eff off though . 
  as for your example with healthcare , while illustrative , we are not in an international organization which has any say over our healthcare . 
  but i see the point you are making . 
  thank you for keeping things civil and constructive . 
  or swiss and german `` dual use '' chemicals and nuclear equipment to iraq and iran for decades . 
  they do behave the same in many ways , but if you get caught here , you are in deep doo doo . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  no , i do n't think the eu was totally fine with it , but they had no enforcement/fining power for violations , which is a de fact acceptance of it . 
   eu authorities want the power to impose big fines on carmakers who cheat anti-pollution rules , in the latest attempt to get to grips with the vw emissions scandal . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/26/eu-policymakers-seek-power-to-fine-carmakers-for-anti-pollution-cheating and after the fact , vw successfully lobbied the eu to prevent more stringent standards which were scheduled to be imposed . 
  that seems a bit crazy to me . 
  they rolled back existing law !!, 
  vw exceeded the very , very lenient nox emissions eu regulations , that is why they are being fined . 
  but the eu regs are very weak . 
  maybe our anti-trust laws are very weak compared to the eu , which is why google is not being charged . 
  again , i totally agree with you , and i think it 's healthy that there be differences in approaches . 
  hell , i think it was pretty damn smart of germany and france to stay out of iraq , even though people here threw a hissy fit . 
  but the requirement is you spend the money , not that you go along with everything . 
  it would be very helpful to german relations with the us/uk/france , and lets face it , you can afford it . 
  are you ready to be serious , or are you just a typical name calling redditor ? 
  did you ever consider that our anti-trust laws might be completely different than yours ? 
  and that google/ms may not have broken them ? 
  you know , like how filthy nox emissions are legal in the eu , but not the us ? 
  you seem unable to comprehend rule of law versus the content of the law . 
  i am not saying our laws are better . 
  i 'm not sure how investing in electric vehicles in corruption , but ok . 
  i understand , but `` we spent our 2 % , now stfu '' is a pretty valid defense to said whining . 
  they are always going to be war mongers and defense contractors agitating in washington . 
  similiar situation in japan , but different approach by the japanese because of nk and china . 
  i 'm not pretending we are perfect , that is your own bias . 
  i 'm saying we respect the rule of law more . 
  you can say our laws suck , but we do enforce them . 
  and how does proposing to be able to fine vw prove anything besides the point that no one cared about enforcing environment regs ? 
  just a bunch of feel good bullshit , like vw 's `` clean diesel '' marketing here . 
  doubt it . 
  we are betting on electric cars , and phasing out coal power plants . 
  even using natural gas generated power is a 50 % reduction in co2 , and we are going in on renewable too . 
  when is europe going to stop it 's reliance on diesel which is killing people with particulates ? 
  you saw the stories this winter , right ? 
  old habit of mine , calling me conflicts oil wars . 
  we really won the oil wars with our shale . 
  if that is true , i was not aware . 
  would n't the problem be that we do n't have laws guaranteeing quality of life issues ? 
  not that we are breaking laws on them ? 
  i 'm not clueless , it was 1973 !!!, 
  the gm switch thing is more relevant . 
  again , i apologize for reddting before my coffeee . 
  i meant to say when a company is caught breaking the law , they are punished . 
  not that no one breaks the law , we have an atrocious corporate culture . 
  vw violated eu emissions law , as a result , the emissions standards ( already much weaker than us regs ) were rolled back . 
  so you tell me ? 
  and i 'm not sure what fines they are facing for breaking the rules . 
  as for the eu budget rules , has anyone been punished for that ? 
  securing the mediterranean would be very beneficial to the eu , would n't it ? 
  i should have used the word `` enforced . '', 
  or course corporations are immoral , but when they get caught breaking the law , they are punished . 
  i believe that fiasco cost gm around $ 1b . 
  wow , i never heard that about denmark . 
  1973 , really ? 
  nothing it about morals , it 's about following the law . 
  you ran out of munitions . 
  then withdraw from nato if you do n't want to pay 2 % . 
  it 's a treaty obligation , it 's german law . 
  edit : it 's not binding , just a recommendation that each nation spend 2 % . 
  yeah , but who cares in if pundits whine when you are meeting your obligations ? 
  feel free to go through all my comments . 
  when i like something , i support it , when i do n't , i criticize it . 
   also did you just bash europe on its budget ? 
  the guy from the country that had a complete gridlock for a couple of weeks because you could n't decide on your budget ? 
  we sure did have gridlock , but then we raised out debt limit because it is the law to do so . 
  we got downgraded by s&p for that silliness . 
  but correct me if i 'm wrong , have n't most euro deficits been out of line with eu requirements for years ? 
   auto-emission limits ? 
  from a country that has is one of the largest polluters out there ? 
  that never even heard of kyoto ? 
  you can only dream to get to the level of emissions as europe . 
  i think you are missing the point . 
  when we have a law , we follow it . 
  so yes , we have basically no co2 regs , but we do have nox regs . 
  when you break those regs , there are severe penalties . 
  vw blatantly lied , got caught lying and lied more , and now is surprised they are getting crushed .
