  what do they say about history ? 
  those who ignore it are doomed to repeat it ? 
  yeah , that is not something most democracies are good at . 
  but if you split of the cost on a gdp basis , it would really not cost anyone very much at all , and it would be a show of strength . 
  use it for a euro battalion . 
  but how can it not be an argument ? 
  at the very least , should n't you not harm a country that you are in a union with . 
  but yes , selling arms to a likely enemy of countries you are in a military alliance with is not great . 
  how is all of this being viewed in the baltics ? 
  `` similarly , and common in social-news-based sites , is a single / s placed at the end of a comment to indicate a sarcastic tone for the preceding text . '', 
  you would think that a country involved in wwi would understand that trade does not prevent war . 
  before wwi the economies of the belligerents were very intertwined , and the intellectuals of the day thought that is made war a futile endeavor . 
  and while it was futile , it still happened because nationalism trumped rationalism . 
  and that is what is happening with the ukrainian separatists . 
  italy is is keeping mum too . 
  germany should buy them !, 
  i trust germany , engage in a military buildup. , if your neighbors do n't like it , maybe they are n't ready for a union with you . 
  it 's an oddity to have a huge economic power without a commensurate military , and it weakens the eu . 
  / s , did you not see it ? 
  that 's because you give all your money to islamic fundamentalist immigrants . 
  of course they do n't want to , but it would help eu in the long term . 
  or maybe these countries want weapons compatible with nato largest force . 
  what about italy ? 
  why ca n't the rest of the eu split the cost with them ? 
  maybe we have different understandings of the word `` union . '', 
  it would seem me that if you are in a union with eastern european countries that these carriers can hurt , you should n't sell them . 
  how about calling it the `` european free trade/travel ( and some of us use the euro ) zone . '', 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  the ultimate first world problem !, 
  you should come to nyc . 
  today i was on the subway , and a french family was on the train , and clearly confused . 
  they were speaking very loudly in french of course , but it turned out they could speak rudimentary english . 
  so everyone tried to help them out , and they figured out how to get to times square ( blech ) . 
  anyway , they seemed totally shocked that a bunch of strangers wanted to help them , and they started thanking everyone on the train . 
  the mother almost did n't make it out of the car on time . 
  i 'm thinking that such scenes are not common on the paris metro . 
  last time there huh ? 
  the people were that bad ? 
  it 's a reflection of the social/economic stresses in europe now . 
  in fact , it is probably underrepresented , because most people here are young and multilingual . 
  uk does the best job of integration in europe , right ? 
  yeah , that is the big difference , ethno-nationalism . 
  it is understandable and all , but as an american mutt whose family fled europe because they were getting killed , i could never live in an ethno-nationalist state . 
  something about the idea of who is a `` real '' citizen , like an actual definition scares me . 
  it can also lead to extremism , though probably not so much in german these days . 
  but look at greece , or the national front in france . 
  scary . 
  oh , i apologize for misunderstanding . 
  do you think there can be a cultural shift ? 
  but germany has statutory protections for employees right ? 
  so the company can be assholes , but they ca n't deny you a certain amount of days off , no ? 
  and i assume it is higher than two weeks !, 
  umm , we have done it , we are good at it . 
  you put anyone here , and they will become americanized in no time . 
  this is not happening in europe , not because europe is bad , but because it is different . 
  so my question is , how can it be done in europe ? 
  i broke my elbow backwards . 
  i went to literally the best elbow doctor on the planet . 
  even though i had insurance and paid $ 20 , it was nowhere near $ 20k . 
  and they had to screw it back together , not just put it in a cast . 
  i 'm jealous of you . 
   the advantage is they would n't need to find a job prior to coming , or have a visa time restriction and race to find a job willing to pay the extra money in taxes to employ a foreign citizen . 
  this alone is worth it . 
  ( well maybe not worth $ 20k ), 
  i 'm not sure it will cost that much , but i say go for it . 
  i 'm in the nyc area , and many of my friend 's parents were born in europe . 
  a decent amount of them have decided to acquire citizenship if it was open to them . 
  makes travel easy , and gives you options . 
  yup . 
  just kind of irks me when people think that every single american is scared to go to the doctor because they have no insurance , and that every school is falling apart . 
  i think guaranteed vacation and sick time would actually be a better example . 
  not sure if you saw this today ( i 've abandoned defaults , but it was on / r/all ) : http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/2bahp5/a_new_nestles_usa_executive_to_a_20_year_veteran/ but i have a friend who works there , i can tell you it is definitely true . 
  my friend is fairly senior and nestle gives him 14 days of vacation a year !!, 
  insane . 
  his wife is european , and they just had a baby , so they planned a two week trip to bring the baby over there . 
  the boss gave him shit and they made him work until 11pm for a week before he left . 
  assholes . 
  obamacare got rid of most of those loopholes . 
  for the record , my mother is seriously and chronically ill and has been for over 20 years . 
  we are talking millions and millions of dollars for frequent hospitalizations . 
  her expenses are $ 20 for doctor visit or hospitalization , and anywhere from 0 - $ 15 for medication , even super expensive medication . 
  she has never waited more than a day for an appointment and gets a very , very high level of care . 
  the issue with the american system has been about access . 
  hopefully obamacare continues to improve that . 
  i 'm not saying we have no problems , we have tons of problems . 
  but the vast majority of americans get very good health care . 
  also remember that as far as healthcare outcomes , we have so many irresponsible people who get fat and have heart problems and diabetes , that no insurance will save them . 
  just to make things clear , if you have health insurance ( like 85 % of americans ) you likely get very good healthcare . 
  with obamacare , hopefully that number will continue to drop . 
  op does not appear to be in the 15 % without , and would probably not see any improvement . 
  the issue with the american healthcare system is access . 
  if op has good health insurance , he likely has amazing healthcare with no wait . 
  please do n't get confused . 
  same thing with schools , is his kids live in a middle class or above suburb , they probably go to very good schools . 
  nowhere did he mention that these are issues . 
  that is n't terrible . 
  ok , how about a 5km trip , which would be more likely in a city center . 
  i do want to know !, 
  when i lived in london , the black cabs were so expensive i only took them if there was literally no other choice . 
  minicabs weren ; t bad at all though .
