  i do think syrians should be allowed in , but everyone else , not so much . 
  the latvians are behind this, 
  i pardon ye from a downvote . 
  that 's what i said . 
  fine , i 'll just work here and retire there . 
  it 's beautiful ... 
  the scariest thing about all this is that people ca n't even discuss this honestly . 
  self imposed speech restrictions . 
  if they would give me a house in donegal , i 'll file for asylum . 
  i do n't mind at all that it 's rural . 
  this is a fucking joke !!!, 
  felons are not allowed to have guns . 
  it 's a sad day and age when following treaties and protecting your own border from invading rioters is considered `` hardball . '', 
   fourth reason : the clich\u00e9 in the us , immigrants try to keep a low profile , because they know the police might shoot them ( especially if they 're tanned ) . 
  in europe , the cops almost never shoot someone . 
  immigrants , and nationals as weel , can do whatever they want , unless they shoot and kill some cops in the street ( or start killing hostages when there 's no doubt about them being terrorists ) , they wo n't be shot at . 
  no , that is n't it , they are scared of getting deported , so they avoid interaction with the police . 
  in theory , i 'm 100 % for the death penalty , in practice , not at all . 
  far too easy to kill an innocent person . 
  it just makes no sense to me , everyone knows they are a problem , and giving them money just encourages it . 
  i was in belfast recently , and a cab driver told me to be careful of `` the romanians . '', 
  he said people get drunk and give them a lot of money . 
  still do n't get it . 
  who actually gives them money ? 
  tourists ? 
  was that baconwater or something ? 
   americans , when they think about the holocaust at all , take for granted that they could never commit such a crime . 
  what 's the holocaust ? 
  i 'm just a stupid american , i do n't know . 
  just the good ole boys , ai n't meaning no harm . 
   holy shit they captured a wanted terrorist at the border ? 
  they 're ~ ~ interrogating ~ ~ intergrating him right now . 
  ftfy, 
  if this was happening on the us/mexico border , there would be tons of armed civilians there . 
  there military would have to be sent in to stop them from shooting people trying to sneak in . 
  best nordics around . 
  that 's the times for you . 
  do n't post any screenshots from the sub , german fb ` ers . 
  yeah , that is how they do things in texas . 
  i 'm in suburban nyc . 
  just saying it isnt easy to legally get handguns in whole country . 
  funnily enough , no one ever know which state has the least gun control . 
  it 's socialist vermont . 
  no feelings were hurt . 
  you know there are tons of greeks here , right ? 
  can confirm that barry 's is legit . 
  and how could a ny'er not have mediterranean food ??? 
  especially greek !, 
  there is a greek place across the street from me . 
  great food . 
  i had some awesome grub in ireland . 
  amazing bread , pastries , beef and ham for starters . 
  and your portions are massive . 
  literally did not finish a meal in 10 days . 
  edit : coffee was atrocious though . 
  no wonder you drink tea !, 
  what do you guys hunt ? 
  guns go from the us to mexico , not the other way around . 
  for me to get a handgun i have to be interviewed by the police and a judge , take a class and get 6 letters of recommendation . 
  it would take over 2 years as well . 
  so i 'm not going to get one . 
  it is n't easy everywhere . 
  oh , and i 'd never be allowed to carry it concealed . 
  yes i have , in spain and italy , and had fresh fish from the agean in croatia , all very good . 
  but i was really impressed in ireland , any random place had good food . 
  granted , we use more spices here in ny , but the quality of the ingredients was very good . 
  i was expecting it to be terrible based on living in london in the 90s . 
  not true , your food is pretty damn good . 
  yes , the locals friendliness may scare off some scandinavians . 
  maybe merkel should have tried explaining again . 
  i have an m44 ( carbine ) , that thing hurts the shoulder bad . 
  yes, 
  it 's really , really fun . 
  that 's why i have mine . 
  i have no need for defense , they are locked in a safe . 
  own any mosins , comrade ? 
  when the entire planet interpreted it one way , it might be the fault of the speaker , not everyone else on earth . 
  the entire world , including the refugees interpreted merkel ' s statements to mean that the doors are open to all . 
  so even if that is not exactly what she said , that is how the entire world took it . 
  your time as a big economy that plays no actual role in the world is over . 
  you are the big boys in europe again , and i have complete faith that you guys will manage to turn everyone against you yet again . 
  it 's already happening . 
  lol , butthurt germans are my favorite . 
  everyone forgave you for being mass murderers , so i guess they will do the same for us . 
  that 's nice of you . 
  looks like europeans are tired of forgiving you guys though . 
  you should care because they are your neighbors , and in a union with you . 
  i was at a wedding in ireland ( attended mostly by uk folks ) , and ended up hanging out with an active lib-dem for half the night . 
  very interesting , he was all for free speech and the only reason he supported the eu was bc the human rights convention . 
  he also told me that the lds have been against the hereditary lords since the 1800s . 
  not really a fan of the royals either . 
  if i lived in the uk , i 'd definitely be a lib-dem . 
  you are thinking too logically . 
  that is all true , yet it is germany that everyone is blaming now , not the us . 
  oh really ? 
  why do n't you ask the folks to your east about that ? 
  putin threatens people , so we send soldiers and planes for a display . 
  that is good pr . 
  til . 
  thank you .
