  so much love , unity and solidarity in these comments ... 
   the german chancellor is said to be angry with the governments of eastern and central europe which are strongly opposed to being forced to take in refugees . 
  she is said to resent that these eu member states are pleading for `` solidarity '' against the threats posed by russia and vladimir putin while they resist sharing the burdens posed by the refugee crisis . 
  you just reminded me , i was at a restaurant last night sitting at the bar , and the ( female ) bartender unironically called the lady next to me m'lady . 
  i thought this was just a reddit joke . 
  wtf, 
  ny times got it right : but the faroes , which are a self-governing country within the kingdom of denmark http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/22/t-magazine/denmark-faroe-islands-travel.html?action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;version=moth-visible&amp;module=inside-nyt-region&amp;region=inside-nyt-region&amp;wt.nav=inside-nyt-region should i visit ? 
  looks really nice . 
  but how many fights did he get in ? 
  i 'm almost 40 and have lived my whole life in the area , and work here . 
  i never get tired of she skyline . 
  i 'm not sure how long it 's been since you 've been here , but there is so much construction going on now , it 's crazy . 
  i think we will have 15 buildings taller than the empire state building , and 25 buildings taller than the shard in london in a few years . 
  i did have a great experience , but we all did lose touch , but then facebook happens . 
  and when you live in nyc , people want to visit , so it works out . 
  i 've never been anywhere in the midwest , but i hear chicago is amazing . 
  i 've been down south , meh . 
  do you like outdoors stuff ? 
  going to boston and the maine/vermont/new hampshire would be pretty cool . 
  go to / r/baseball and say you want to move here so you can go to more games , people will come out of the woodwork to help you . 
  the mets need your supoport , we 're counting on you . 
  i studied there , and i 'm a complete drunk , so you are n't wrong . 
  so you could tell i used to live there , huh, 
  uh , were they joking ? 
  were they really young ? 
  really poor ? 
  red lobster caters to certain demographics ... 
  you are quite the charmer !, 
  i thought it was go to a shitty pub and ask each woman if she fancies a shag until one says yes . 
  if no one says yes , you then get into a fistfight instead . 
  and everyone is home by midnight . 
  wow , so you are an italian guy who picked up baseball on his own ? 
  do you want citizenship here ? 
  i think you deserve it . 
  have you bneen to citifield ( mets ) ? 
  i like it much better than yankee stadium . 
  mets going to the world series !!, 
  with all our violence , it 's interesting that it is almost never political . 
  i do n't know what to make of that . 
  yes , but it 's in the eastern hemisphere . 
  eastern hemisphere needs to step up their grill game . 
  yay , thanks for not hating us !, 
  first of all , i do n't blame you for going to nyc all the time , since it is the greatest city on earth . 
  must have been so expensive to find a place to stay . 
  did you get to go to boston ? 
  really cool city . 
  i studied in london , and also regret not travelling more . 
  i did make it to amsterdam , paris , dublin and a bunch of smaller uk cities , but i really kick myself for not going to scotland . 
  i 've still never been . 
  :-( this summer i went to the wedding of an english friend ( in ireland ) that i met in london . 
  it 's been 17 years since i was met him . 
  another english friend is visiting over new year 's , and was also at the wedding . 
  i met a spanish girl while studying , who ended up moving to the us for a year . 
  obviously it was the best experience of my life . 
  i think the world would be a better place if everyone got to spend time abroad , and learning that we really are n't so different . 
  well in the western world anyway . 
  as for college in the us , my two english friends visited me and a few other guys who were in london at our university . 
  at the time we were the # 1 party school in the country , it was legitimately out of control . 
  it was the best week of those english guy 's lives . 
  come back and visit !, 
  are you american ?? 
  what did she think of the game ? 
  must have seemed crazy to her . 
  i brought my spanish ex to a mets/yanks game , i tried explaining , but she never picked up on it at all . 
  not even basic rules . 
  i 'm a huge mets fan , we are going to sweep the cubs starting in 30 min . 
  do n't forget drought and earthquakes !, 
  even in center city there are dangerous wackos . 
  still a cool city though , i like old city a lot . 
  upenn is a great school , or at least has a very good reputation . 
  you stay for the whole thing ? 
  is n't upenn in an atrocious neighborhood ? 
  awful !!!!!, 
  grabbing boobs on the field ? 
  it 's ok to be weird . 
  it 's because it 's full of transplants . 
  now you just need to get into nascar . 
  i agree that sports should be better live , but it is n't really the commercials that are the problem . 
  there can be up to 40 seconds between plays , and then is when the waiting around happens . 
  no commercials between plays , unless possession changes , or the 2 minute warning for the end of the 1st half , or end of the 2nd half . 
  i think nfl is n't so great live is because when you have 22 guys on the field go into a pile , it 's hard to see what is happening . 
  all the games are sold out everywhere , and most people do like it for the atmosphere . 
  it 's just hard to see what is going on for some plays , and you have to watch the referee for a call to know what happened . 
  yeah , that 's fun , but i think that is more fun at a baseball game , because you can see the game so much better . 
  even with good seats , it 's hard to see plays in football , and i 'm always looking at the monitor for replays . 
  when it 's a qb sneak or a short yardage run , it 's hard to see from the stands . 
  went to an army game in 3rd grade , but that 's it . 
  just hard to see the plays . 
  i know i sprained my ankle pretty bad playing a few times , and i used to check peeps into the wall a lot . 
  ;-) there very well might be leagues , but i do n't know of any . 
  i 'm close enough to 40 that i get hurt taking a dump now , so no floor hockey for me . 
  i guess he really was quite the character . 
  like people set up grills and hang out and eat and all that ? 
  i hear ya . 
  i hope eli does n't shit the bed again . 
  mmmm , potato pancakes . 
  do you call them latkes ? 
  thx bruh !, 
  lol , shows you how much i go to that sub . 
  ok , i wo n't ask where you went !,
