  dubbed your own movies ? 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  what ? 
  sort of , but we would never do it for a movie . 
  just when you are watching english language content and there is occasionally another language interspersed . 
  but the german voice will be at a much , much lower volume , and you can barely hear him . 
  well i suppose to you , you can hear it more since you understand it . 
  to me it is just some muttering in the background , but at least you hear the person 's tone , it does communicate some information . 
  but this is only done for short bits of dialogue . 
  in the us we subtitle our porn , especially czech porn . 
  anything really . 
  media , employment , whatever . 
  spain is a much larger country , that is all . 
  because brazil and i and some countries in africa , not because portugal . 
  i 'm just saying that in europe itself , there is probably not a large portuguese market . 
  because there is a smaller market for portuguese . 
  the spanish can get away with just spanish , though it probably is not the best for their future . 
  hell , i think teaching 7 year olds a second language is jerk-worthy . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i wonder what helen mirren would have to say about this . 
  sometimes i think the cinematography is overdone , but yes , the hosts are great . 
  my wife ca n't stand the show though , and she does n't like cars . 
  but maybe that is because all i talk about is cars . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't think he is making that reference though , becuase he was replying to a comment about the american revolution , and talking about a mercenary shooting . 
  we could ask him i suppose . 
  5000 hessians stayed here after the war , yay . 
  very interesting , i always notice how much attention regions in europe within the same country pay to how much money gets transferred to other regions . 
  i guess it is because they see the other regions as `` those guys '' and not necessarily countryman . 
  probably the best example of this would be flanders and wallonia in belgium . 
  in the us there are places that would not be able to function at all without federal money ( like louisiana and mississippi ) , though every state does get a lot of federal money . 
  but the flow automatically adjusts by need . 
  of course the funniest part is that the most conservative states which are always railing against federal spending are by far the biggest recipient of that money . 
  this is a long boring read , but it kind of explains it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/administration_of_federal_assistance_in_the_united_states federal agencies decide how to distribute the money by specific criteria . 
  here is a more simple map of who pays what '' http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2011/08/americas-fiscal-union but americans do n't really pay attention to who gets what , besides specific ridiculous pork barrel projects like the `` bridge to nowhere . '', 
  people might complain about the federal government spending so much , but it is n't like `` those god damned texans are spending all my money ! '', 
  i live in ny , we give more money than anyone i believe . 
  edit : delaware gives most per person . 
  is something like this possible in spain ? 
  in elementary school we are not taught much about the german mercenaries besides that they were called hessians . 
  now that i 've looked it up , half of them were from hesse , so i 'm sure there were some hanoverians in there ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hessian_%28soldiers%29, 
  you do n't think a federation of the existing regions would work ? 
  all the states would have the same powers . 
  that is n't how clarkson says it , you must have it wrong . 
  the us one makes me want to hurt people . 
  heard the austalian one is terrible too . 
  indeed , it is on a good 12 hours a day on bbc america . 
  i just ca n't deal with this type of cultural imperialism . 
  come on man , its on bbc america 12 hours a day . 
  that being said , if you do n't like cars , you probably wo n't like it . 
  not since the accident . 
  it will never happen ( just like it would not happen here ) , but some sort of constitutional convention where a union or federation of states with equal powers are created . 
  even if people do not want self rule ( which is honestly hard for me to comprehend ) they should get it , and they can continue the policies that existed previously . 
  if all the castillians ( sp ? ), 
  formed one state , and the galicians , catalans and basques had their own , what would be the balance of the population ? 
  would the castillians be dominant ? 
  of course it would make more sense to break them up in areas like the valencian community , etc. , that already exist . 
  i dated a valencian catalan for a very long time , when i first got to know her , i was utterly shocked at how much she hated madrid . 
  apparently her parents were quite abused by the dictatorship for speaking catalan . 
  i do n't know , sometimes i think the eu would function much better as a collection of regions instead of nation states . 
  oh , and it would be great if spain could eliminate the monarchy ( in my opinion ) . 
  yes , and the various regions have different levels of autonomy . 
  quite a messy situation, 
  sure , those too . 
  but it 's easy to get those folks going with one agitator . 
  it 's a great way to turn people off to a movement you oppose . 
  but yeah , there are actual tons of real deal anarchists in athens , so perhaps no agents are needed !, 
   scotland in the uk has a huge list of problems and suffers immense injustices . 
  i 'm not entirely familiar with the scottish movement , could you explain this a little ? 
  is is that you have a small population and are largely ignored in parliament ? 
   the funny thing is that here no one one really talks about this , even though there 's a major gap in the amount of money each part of the state contributes and that is the difference between places with a more or less `` unified culture '' and places with ethnic regions . 
  speak to a flemish person about transfer payments to wallonia , or in spain . 
  in western germany i do not believe there was much resistance to the massive amount of money sent to eastern germany after reunification . 
  i know there are differences in germany , but they still feel as one nation . 
  just as we do . 
  cascadia would be great and all ( i 'm personally all for integration with canada ) , but in the meantime , get the hell out of texas . 
   but what if , for example , the american south had enough political power and could actually impose their will ( politically , culturally ) on your state , on your hometown ? 
  what then ? 
  w enforced a lot of southern conservative federal policies on everyone , but luckily our constitution gives decent protections to each state for self determination . 
  the us will keep finding external enemies to fight so unity wo n't be an issue . 
  our infighting ca n't hold a candle to countries that have actual ethnic regions . 
  no it does n't , it means he is taking the same stand as in scotland . 
  the us would like strong and unified partners , but ultimately it is up to the people of those nations to decide in accordance with their own laws . 
  so he does n't oppose a referendum if it is legally done , but it does n't mean he wants the referendum to win either . 
  agent provocateurs . 
  we would just notice the people were nicer , and guess they were polish . 
  i think many western europeans are even more condescending to poles than they are to americans . 
  must be pretty infuriating . 
  british museum is great , but generally the big 3 art museums would be the lourve , vatican and metropolitan museum of art . 
  edit : though i suppose the british museum is much more than just an art museum . 
  i think you might have just chosen my winter vacation . 
  thanks !, 
  i actually had the best cream cheese and smoked salmon sandwich of my life there , so it has that going for it . 
  it 's been 15 years , and i still dream of that sandwich . 
  and i 'm from nyc , we take our lox and cream cheese very seriously , but this one was the best . 
  it 's the times sq. 
  of london . 
  i lived there 6 months , went to leicester square exactly once . 
  i 've never met an albertan ... :-(,
