  so let 's say they became americanized around 1905 . 
  so i have 110 years of culture , before that i ca n't even imagine the lives of my ancestors . 
  i 'm fine with that , i 'm looking forward , not backwards . 
  complicated indeed . 
  cool story bro . 
  there does n't have to be a bad souring or relations for the us to stop protecting europe . 
  what if our economy straight up implodes , and we ca n't afford to be a part of nato anymore . 
  what if we decide to downsize our military , and have a coordinated withdrawal from nato . 
  it would end up souring relations , but souring relations may not be the impetus . 
  no , this is n't a good thing . 
  hundreds of thousands of people dying , trillions of $ $ and the military spilling over onto our police . 
  you pay in yogurt , we give good price . 
  is this an economically feasible process ? 
  that link was n't about only wwii . 
  now i did n't really think wwii mattered too much these days but then i got this response from the fella you are defending : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ek2wv/what_do_you_want_germany_to_do_with_russia/ck0kp0b and then there were all the comments about the imminent fourth reich . 
  til that germany is still not to be trusted . 
  but you are right , i should n't have said anything just because of his flair . 
  sometimes i give into the culture of the sub . 
  oh , do n't get get too upset . 
  the plan you laid out is totally reasonable , and i should not have held your flair against you . 
  it is n't your fault that ireland would n't send a even a token of assistance in solidarity . 
  but what the fuck do i know , in this very thread there are people scared of the fourth reich and want germany to remain weak . 
  that is fucking insane to me , yet it exists . 
  you are not a swift one are you ? 
  he laid out a very comprehensive plan involving `` boots on the ground . '', 
  if you are going to do this as a a union , everyone needs to be involved . 
  so if that means 5 irish medical units and some military police , that is what you contribute . 
  but i do n't think they would even do that . 
  i 'm not even sure they could under their constitution . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality no grow up , you cunt . 
  wrong , it 's not that you are a small county , it 's that your country is obsessed with neutrality . 
  i do n't think you would ever help your neighbors in any meaningful way . 
  and thanks for the downvote chief . 
  do not speak until spoken to , filthy peasant . 
  austerity propaganda from a prince !!, 
  you can not make this shit up !!!!!, 
  dear germoney , we have a shitload of extra coal that we really do n't want to use here . 
  please by it all . 
  ( yes , i know it will still fuck up the planet ), 
  because you are an ignorant , barbaric animal ? 
  otherwise i ca n't think of why . 
  this is fucking barbaric . 
  [ that 's racist !, 
  ] ( https://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m20qxm4xn91r3lpf6o2_400.gif ), 
  going to be some irish boots on the ground for moral support ? 
  ireland hates bullies , right ? 
  no coal is the future . 
  i liked when france and uk said that could do it all by themselves , and dragged us into it . 
  am i wrong to think it is just a matter of time until the uk pulls out of the eu ? 
  i feel like europe falling back into recession while you prosper might push it over the edge . 
  so it is n't just a fawlty towers joke ? 
  it 's still the war ? 
  do you ever want self sufficiency in terms of defense ? 
  are you scared of the 4th reich ? 
  maybe if germany was stronger , putin would n't have been so agressive . 
  strength through diveristy , unity and all that good stuff , but you do n't trust the largest country in your union to be a military force ? 
  is the point of the eu to contain germany ? 
  that is n't the point . 
  do n't you want to be self sufficient in terms of defense ? 
  especially in terms of providing deterrence , so you would n't have to use force . 
  uh , is that going to change soon ? 
  because the eu is going to stay impotent if it does n't . 
  who feels this way ? 
  i do n't think the brits do . 
  frenchies ? 
  dutch ? 
  it 's legal in paris . 
  dude , i 'm jewish , i 'm not worried about germany . 
  france should not be worried abut germany , they should be worried about themselves . 
   the idea of germany increasing military spending is not a very popular idea in western europe why ?? 
  do n't say you would die . 
  i 've said ( typed ) this many times , but i 'll do it again . 
  german pacifism ( or is it profitism ? ), 
  is leaving a huge vacuum in europe . 
  instead of the establishment of meaningful european defense capability ( even if not intergrated ) , europe relies on nato . 
  this prevents the eu from growing into a self-sufficient entity . 
  it just is n't natural for the largest economy/population in the eu to be removed from matters of defense . 
  i trust germany . 
  i want to see a strong germany at the center of europe . 
  i want less us meddling in europe . 
  all our troops should leave once europe can defend itself . 
  wwii was a long time ago , it is time to move on . 
  +3 trillion . 
  time to move on from outdated post-war notions . 
  please run for pm of germany . 
  they are fighting for it right now . 
  same here , but we live in white settler countries . 
  it 's different . 
  from a prior comment of mine . 
   not true at all . 
  any human being on us soil is afforded all the protections of the us constitution . 
      source : am lawyer, 
  one swiss language , huh ? 
  to think i 've had it wrong all these years . 
  not true at all . 
  any human being on us soil is afforded all the protections of the us constitution . 
  source : am lawyer, 
  swiss are bad at fucking ? 
  there are no perogies in hell . 
  you always have the right to ask for a judge instead of a jury .
