  how are you supposed to compete with the swedes ? 
  he 's a mad man !, 
   in which people compete to see who can be most lefty , euphile , virtuous , constantly re-enforcing and re-affirming this viewpoint . 
  you forgot anti-american . 
  beautiful . 
  when was it built ? 
  are they going to hire the same people that fucked over those poor scientists in italy ? 
  i do n't know , the germans had a very positive experience with their war debts in the '20s , and they know that punishing the people to pay impossible debts leads to greatness . 
  the arabian peninsula will be a cesspool of cannibalism at some point . 
  looks to me like the new admin is targeting any country with a large trade surplus with us . 
  mexico , china , germany . 
  not sure if he will start in with sk and japan . 
   its economy is still 7 percent smaller than it was before the 2008 financial crisis , and youth unemployment stands at 40 percent . 
  damn , that 's brutal . 
  where were you when i asked this question the first time ? 
  i specifically asked if ti was like our social security , which generally is not enough to live on alone . 
  i was told that people buy multiple weekend homes with this pension , and live a life of luxury , and that i was going to die penniless on the street . 
  france has mandatory public pensions for all ( or so i have been told in this sub ) . 
  hmm , now where did sa get all that money from ? 
  come on man . 
  once oil does n't matter anymore , we 'll be more able to do such things . 
  we also conduct our own operations in yemen . 
  edit : not anymore https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?hp&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;clicksource=story-heading&amp;module=a-lede-package-region&amp;region=top-news&amp;wt.nav=top-news, 
  agreed , but it would still be a massive improvement , and easy to implement . 
  i 'm not on steam , but is n't that just a marketplace for games ? 
  is it a service like netflix or internet ? 
  geoblocking makes no sense at all here , because it 's a completely integrated media market where everyone speaks the same language . 
  why would anyone want to restrict access to their product ? 
  things are different in the eu because the different markets and languages , and most importantly bc they were separate nations in completely separate markets . 
  i do n't know , what about ny ? 
  nyc and surrounding areas are rich , upstate is rural/post industrial . 
  it might as well be two different states , the averages do n't mean much . 
  i 'd assume it 's similar in illinois with chicago . 
  if there are such drastic price differences in the us , why are prices for services like netflix , amazon , mobile phones , etc. 
  the same nationally ? 
  price differences are more about the rural/urban split than the difference between states . 
  france and romania are way more different from alaska and connecticut , etc. 
  just the language differences alone . 
  and i would think all the states speaking english is why we do n't have geoblocking and function as a consolidated single market . 
  original mexico , lol . 
  i really hope we do something , at least split electoral votes up by congressional district like maine and nebraska . 
  sure . 
  he asked who , that 's all . 
  must be nice :-(, 
  all those people in france who protested against gay marriage probably . 
  is that bulgaria ? 
  i do n't think we should dismantle it , that 's up to you guys . 
  that looks good in a gluttonous way , but i 'm not sure it 's pizza !, 
  so much stuff on it . 
   leave it to an american to take the word ` rival ' to mean ` military rival '  ofcourse we 'd never fight a fellow western european democracy ( dysfunctional as it may be ) in a war , do n't think that was ever implied . 
  though i see with china and russia you 're sort of used to ` rival ' including the whole military thing so i 'll let it pass . 
  oh , you 'll let it pass ? 
  that 's very nice of you . 
  now maybe i 'm missing something , but i do n't recall any major power in history that had no military capability . 
  and that does n't mean you have to be a interventionist power , but just some credible defense . 
  why do you think china is making such a stink in the scs ? 
  to protect their trade obviously . 
  now the eu has had protection from us forces , but going forward , that might change . 
  history is not over , defense matters , even if you do n't actually engage in conflict , it 's a deterrent that forces other nations to respect you . 
  i do n't see any evidence of an officially sanctioned multispeed eu developing . 
  maybe if greece defaults and there is a awful ez crisis , but that is going to hurt the north bad , and is not going to put them into a postion to be a threat . 
  btw , i never said a northern eu would be something the us should fear , it would be a good thing for us , and a great thing for you . 
  it 's not a secret that we liked the uk in the eu because it 's helpful to us . 
  now if you really wanted to go the tin foil route , you could say that the uk pushed for enlargement of the eu to small/poor ee countries in order to further its centuries old divide and conquer continental strategy . 
  they made it more fragmented , and then left . 
  however , i think the north-south ez divide is the bigger issue . 
   you spend dozens , if not hundreds times more than we do on the whole espionage thing . 
  this is exactly why a completely intergrated market with a fiscal union is so important , and not just for espionage of course . 
  imagine if northern eu countries were able to pool their resources in such a manner ? 
   you somehow managed to not spy on canada , australia , new zealand and britain the way you spied on the rest of the western european nations we have always been more aligned with the anglosphere than the continent . 
  during the cold war , our interests and those of the continent were much closer . 
  i think trump marks the end of the post-cold war era , we are somewhere totally new now . 
  france has been engaging in economic espionage on us for a very , very long time . 
  i assume other countries as well , it 's not just the us . 
  and of course we look out for our corporations , and you look after yours . 
   supportive of eu reforming into becoming a strong , potential rival of the u.s ? 
  no , never . 
  i really do n't think that has been a concern . 
  you have limited military capability , and are often squabbling with each other , and have a very fragmented single market . 
  would be a different story if the eu was limited to the northern members . 
   under clinton the u.s would have sought another eu nation to take britains place , but under trump they will simply try to dismantle the thing . 
  clinton might have handled it better , but he would have also very strongly wanted the uk in . 
  trump would be against the eu even if brexit did n't happen . 
  fucking animals !!!, 
  i did a semester in the uk , did n't eat a single slice of pizza , or a hamburger , because they do n't know what they are doing . 
  i think i should have put a disclaimer in that i was visiting chicago ... 
  until trump , the us has been very pro-eu , do n't act like it 's been this way the whole time . 
  i 've been there !, 
  i was in chicago , had to try it . 
  i 'm from ny , so i do n't disagree . 
  i was in chicago , had to try it . 
  thank you for the clarification , though i suppose pineapple on pizza tastes better than lizzy 's boots that they are so used to licking . 
  excuse me ? 
  i saw one of your countryman putting ketchup on a deep dish pizza !, 
  the thing already had liters of tomato sauce on it , and he put ketchup on top !!!, 
  yuo are of worst pizza !, 
  do n't you dare acuse us of putting ketchup on pizza . 
  unless you want to fite me irl . 
   belgium extended an olive branch to mr. trump in its video , agreeing with his comments last march that its capital , brussels , was a `` hellhole , '' but urging him to check out the flemish-speaking north of the country . 
  ( it dismissed the french speaking south as `` the mexicans of belgium '' and told him to steer clear . ),
