  do you think he comments about islam is the primary reason they cancelled ? 
  maybe he 's a big target now . 
  edit : he retracted those comments http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/eagles-of-death-metals-jesse-hughes-apologizes-for-baseless-bataclan-accusations-20160311, 
  it happened enough to be annoying , though i 'm not really sure what you mean by `` harassing your jewishness . '', 
  probably because in the us , i 'm just another american , not some kind of alien . 
  i grew up in ny , probably the best place in the country to be jewish , though i 'm not sure no jews in the us are given a hard time . 
  i do agree that the us is the best place in the world for jews , better than israel , and if i was a european jew , i 'd be looking to leave . 
  hell , bernie being jewish has barely been a topic of any discussion , except by pro-israel jews who think he is n't pro-israel enough . 
  that being said , i do n't think it would be as hard for a pole in the uk as it would be for a jew in egypt , that 's a stretch . 
  that sucks , sorry you had to go through that . 
  i was asking because i was the only jewish kid in my grade , so i 'd get stupid comments sometimes . 
  but to your point , i was included in everything , had plenty of friends , a catholic gf ( though her parents were n't happy about it ) , so i never considered myself to be bullied . 
  it was just kids making stupid comments . 
  he does seem like kind of a douche , but kind of ridiculous to cancel his appearance at a festival for it . 
  funny you bring that up , since that was pretty much why i was asking . 
  i was the only jewish kid in my grade , and sometimes people would give me shit , but i 'd never call it `` bullying , '' since it was n't serious . 
  ouch . 
  was that kids being kids , or was it serious bullying ? 
  so cornwall is the australia of the uk ? 
  they probably hated her for being attractive . 
  here ya go , apparently the uk got the same commercial . 
  their marketing has gotten quite ridiculous here ; it 's a fancy walloon speaking french and acting like a clown . 
  i 'm not really sure who they are trying to appeal to , perhaps a juxtaposition to budweiser tough guy ads . 
  the beer itself is not very good , just another light colored lager . 
  he 's good at what he does . 
  na man , that is like the freaks who put ranch dressing ( salad dressing ) on their pizza here . 
  it probably is n't bad , but i 'm set in my ways . 
  it does n't enrage me like ketchup either . 
  there is already tomato sauce on pizza , wtf are people putting ketchup on it for ??? 
  white lightening cider will make you beat your wife and everyone else . 
  probably is just the lager with some flavoring . 
  funny that stella is considered the `` wifebeater '' in the uk , here they market it as upscale . 
  it 's the part with haggis . 
  how ridiculous are those stella `` cidre '' commercials ? 
  lot of very attractive romanian women . 
  jeebus almighty , you desecrate pasta as well as pizza with ketchup ? 
  ouch, 
  but this is funnier : https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/4js9eu/my_experience_with_reddit_today/, 
   romanian girlfriend you lucky sob . 
  we have truly elite beers as well , but yes , belgium has the best traditional beers in the world . 
  you barbarian !!, 
  `` we make better pizza in nyc than anywhere in italy . '', 
  fap 'd to this . 
  agreed , the eu would release a nasty press statement about putin . 
  guess i should have used / s, 
  you guys were quite receptive the last time the germans were there . 
  pizza was invented in manhattan in 1914 . 
  i 've been saying he could n't win the nomination from day 1 , and i was wrong . 
  if hillary gets indicted , he really could win . 
  that 's awesome , you got ta take advantage of opportunities like that . 
  there for school ? 
  enjoy that awesome belgian beer !, 
  i know , that world cup ish is really picking up though . 
  did you make a special trip for the event ? 
  how was it ? 
  goddamit bill , stfu . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's a closet canadian . 
  not every nation can be blessed with the likes of mr. trump . 
  no one here knows or cares about it . 
  they can meet the standards with the use of a urea system , but that makes the cars mire expensive . 
  as we saw on the visa thread , once people stop overstaying , the visa requirement goes away . 
  automatically . 
  good luck !, 
  wait , a finn spoke to you on the bus ? 
  must have been a freak . 
   i 'm going back home , no need to clutch your man purse like that . 
  i declare you an official new yorker . 
  please come visit , no one hates romanians here . 
  listen , most people can spell it . 
  it would be the 44th tallest building in nyc , but still , 220m is respectable . 
  i understand about not wanting to ruin the character of some cities , but the whole anti-skyscraper thing in europe is so counterproductive . 
  you can reduce sprawl by building up . 
  i 'm not even saying there should be lots of skyscrapers everywhere , but a few is n't going to kill anyone . 
  so good on warsaw again . 
  :-( i like you and your gorgeous women . 
  how tall is it ? 
  good for warsaw , they are developing a nice skyline . 
  bernie said you guys are good , so a decent amount of us do n't think you are filthy commies . 
  should have kept those jewish scientists . 
  knew it . 
  i lived in the uk , and should have known better , but i heard a mancunian talk , and asked if he was from nz . 
  : - / it 's a very pleasant accent though . 
  definitive one of the most disgraceful things i 've ever seen in sport . 
  what was the public reaction to it ? 
  bought a car from a ukrainian family , ridiculously nice people . 
  only if you recognize the prime meridian , which i do n't . 
  ayyyy, 
  i know i 'm just a sensitive american , but that seems to be beyond friendly banter . 
  i 'm sure most aussies are very nice , i 've met some great ones here in nyc . 
  well , are you a commie ? 
  oh wow , you dive in basketball too ? 
  manchester ? 
  oh yeah , got ta use the electric , never going back to hand powered . 
   `` another potato failure paddy '' that was n't very nice of them . 
  ` murica loves you, 
  i never had my teeth bleached or anything back then . 
  i did n't drink any tea or coffee , and they were just naturally a nice shade of white . 
  it 's not like i recalled any of my british friends having yellow teeth back then , we were in university . 
  but yeah , as an adult , there is a shade of yellow you get to where you will feel pressure to do something about it . 
  so i guess people more noticed they were very straight .
