  sounds like someone making custom screens might have a good biz !, 
  i 'm jealous about your lack of bugs . 
  if i opened a window with no screen in the summer , the entire house would be full of insects in 2 minutes , and i 'd be covered in welts . 
  the avvowhat ? 
  this is why window screens were invented ... 
  guess it depends how much of a hassle . 
  i know it 's pretty bad for americans going to russia . 
  it 's not the money that will stop people , it 's the hassle . 
  no , euro redditors told me it 's bc trudeau is awesome , and trump sucks . 
  i guess obama sucked too . 
  was n't it part of the deal for ceta ? 
  i was just joking around , but we never did have vaults full of gold teeth , so i can be happy about that . 
  uh nope , we are doing stupid/shitty things , but not actual nazis or holding their ill gotten gold . 
  yeah , i posted something about that in my next comment . 
  and so do the pro-choice groups . 
  i 'm sitting in a bombed out shack and hiding from the morality police . 
  what about you ? 
  yes , it 's literally destroyed . 
  i 'm sitting in a smoldering ruin waiting for my noon christian indoctrination class . 
  today we are going over how mohammed is the devil . 
  please save me !, 
  ha , i 've never seen that mention on reddit . 
  true , though we are not quite as melodious as the italians . 
  please point out where i pretended . 
  definitely . 
  but the reason that everyone is freaking out now is the russian gov. 
  no , trump 's election was a reaction to hillary , you are absolved of blame . 
  apparently foreign donations are banned everywhere in canada but bc . 
  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/british-columbia/bc-liberals-accept-foreign-donations-despite-ban-in-parts-of-canada/article34262549/ edit : but you guys are interfering with us !, 
  why not both ? 
  not very likely , is it ? 
  i do n't think that would fly for a second in canada . 
  people freak out about a foreign government meddling , not so much individuals . 
  i love caol isla . 
  nice . 
  similar in nyc , but i 've been to the promised land in colorado . 
  lame, 
  hell , our country could learn from that . 
  beer and wine at 18 . 
  it will all change with self driving cars . 
  laws vary in every state , but in some places it 's legal for a parent to give alcohol to a child . 
  since we are all so emotional , shout out to the mods for doing a great job . 
  i remember awhile back i got a two week ban for calling a politician `` insane '' because it was insensitive . 
  shit like that does n't happen anymore , nor is the place overrun with far right maniacs either . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  what are your favourites ? 
  you are trolling me , right ? 
  i was recently at a brewery event with a british brewer who now brews out of the us . 
  he mocked europeans who do n't understand the beer industry here . 
  right now there is so much cross-pollination between us and euro brewers , and a lot of mutual respect . 
  i get there are very old breweries that have perfected a style , and i respect that , but there is no reason to not try new techniques . 
  two great examples of european breweries trying new things would be mikkeller and chouffe . 
  you not impressed with them either ? 
  how 's your twin doing ? 
  it 's not 2002 , you can get good beer anywhere in this country now . 
  even sporting events and dive bars . 
  drugs, 
   in a country as alcohol focused as the us . 
  we are n't alcohol focused compared to most countries of europe . 
  well i 'm not sure that really goes for all of europe . 
  also , not breathing particulates is pretty damn important . 
  if they chose to integrate , it would be easier than it is in the eu . 
  i do n't see them doing anything of the sort . 
  then what are you talking about ? 
  norwegians are too busy being rich to care about not being in the eu . 
  you do not have the cleanest air in the cities . 
  i doubt they will do anything to integrate , just saying it would be easier if they did . 
   how is europe less of a region than latin america ? 
  why would latin america become a world region more easily and so much faster than europe that they 'd catch up with the exception of brazil , latin america speaks spanish , and can more easily integrate . 
  no offense , i 've just not seen that flag . 
  i thought it was albania . 
  i do n't know why he 's giving you a hard time , your american is perfect . 
  what flair is that ? 
  fuck yes . 
  it 's either that or a stang for my next car . 
  yeah , i love mine . 
  got free ford racing school with it , so awesome . 
  i have an st. let 's race :-d, 
  fiesta , right ? 
  i do n't think it has much to do with religion anymore . 
  bonfire and chill . 
  weak . 
  what are the reasons the law is defended ? 
   that 's part of a long running debate regarding our blasphemy law . 
  how can there be any debate on it , it 's a ridiculous law . 
  i thought the problem was you did n't get around to repealing it . 
  i 've never heard anything about jews owning cats , just that they bathed more often ,, 
  not having preconceived stereotypes in not a bad thing . 
  he 's saying the irish potato famine , and the famine in ukraine were the deliberate murder of millions , but not attempts to destroy the entirety of the ukrainian and irish people , and hence , not within the generally accepted definition of genocide . 
  worst beer i ever had in my life was a corsican white ale , sad . 
  no problem . 
  i just like using that ridiculous line irl , it cracks me up . 
  then i cry bc our president uses it seriously . 
  dude , it was a joke . 
  i ca n't speak to how things are in europe , but craft beer is winning here , so a lot of the arrogance is gone . 
  i can get good beer even in shitty bars now , and as long as i can go out and have a good beer , i 'm happy . 
  i 'm next door to the chrysler building on my train in grand central right now :-), 
  his comment is fake news . 
  it was pitch black like motor oil , but sour and drinkable . 
  amazing .
