  they will print money . 
  germany wo n't go for that though . 
  yup . 
  you can read about the after effects of the black plague to learn about this . 
  i think a lot of that has to do with student debt as well . 
  it takes the place of childcare costs . 
  is this less true in nations that have subsidized child care ? 
  but i 'm oppressed !, 
  sorry , finland is full . 
  i 'll send you pics . 
  will resub , thx . 
  they will like what they see [ creepy face ] . 
  tax evaders go to minimum security prison , aka , club fed . 
  i use mine for target practice . 
  i have 6 , and am buying the 7th tomorrow . 
  i got my norinco sks for $ 75 in 1993 . 
  that is the attitude here , that criminals deserve to be treated like shit , and it is not helpful . 
  our prison situation is really fucked up and needs to change . 
  for example : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/14/nyregion/clinton-correctional-facility-inmate-brutality.html?hp&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;clicksource=story-heading&amp;module=first-column-region&amp;region=top-news&amp;wt.nav=top-news&amp;_r=0 but yes , you can make your prisons less nice . 
  i wonder if they got accepted . 
  i just wanted to sit there and awkwardly stare at boobies . 
  i can do that , right ? 
  could you send me an asylum application please ? 
  so there is no law against open bar or anything like that ? 
  thanks, 
  so just like the london night bus . 
  i have a question about restrictions , if you do n't mind . 
  i went to a very nice wedding at a very nice estate in ireland this summer , and it was a cash bar . 
  it was not a cheap wedding . 
  was that due to regulations ? 
  also , the day after the wedding they had all kinds of silly games set up , and some of the prizes were bottles of booze . 
  but we were told in no uncertain terms that if we opened a bottle , there would be problems . 
  those were my only surprises on my trip regarding alcohol . 
  there were more , but they were just following orders . 
  they still have n't come up with a fix for diesel in the us . 
  fuck vw and the last couple years of its `` green '' advertisements . 
  only a few people knew about the emissions !, 
  very cool . 
  beer is liquid bread . 
  while in general , the deposit requirement is a good thing , i 'd hope that they would make an exception for first time home buyers or low income people who are steadily employed . 
  just seems tough for people to buy their first place . 
  interesting . 
  do even low income people have to come up with 20 % ? 
  it 's actually more likely that the us would change its tax code to make the situation less profitable than the irish changing it . 
  that is a longshot too . 
  what reforms were enacted ? 
  ee snark is best snark . 
  they will never have what we have together . 
  guess it does n't matter as long as you stay orthodox . 
  yeah , i loved when the `` orange relay '' went and the dealer wanted to charge me 200 for the part , and 400 for labor . 
  then i found it online for $ 40 and changed it in 5 min . 
  so much stuff broke on that car . 
  scared me off from eurocars . 
  you had greek flair yesterday . 
  what gives bub ? 
  hey , i did n't say sweden is bad , or an enemy . 
  # 1 , you are not in nato , which basically makes denmark a better ally on its own . 
  secondly , since the end of wwii , denmark has been our greatest continental partner , followed by the dutch . 
  they also have more similair values to us , like very few restrictions on speech , and they do n't seem to make hamfisted statements all the time , like the subject of this post . 
  they also value doing things their own way , and have protected their sovereignty in a similar manner to the uk , which people here respect . 
  nothing against sweden at all . 
  i got a week for for basically nothing . 
  i wonder by which mod . 
  just because they are small does n't mean they are n't a good ally though . 
  we can count on them . 
  that 's not the way obligations work . 
  there is no provision for a state to declare bankruptcy . 
  the closest they can come is defaulting on obligations , which nj will do in its pensions if it does n't change . 
  literally going bankrupt , maybe not . 
  but christie is fucking the place up . 
  stop that , we love you . 
  what ? 
  we had a whole program to support the fsa , it achieved nothing and was abandoned . 
  us tried that and gave up . 
  it 's not realistic . 
  new jersey is headed for bankruptcy too ... 
  university of armageddon . 
  did you just call me a wig wearing monarchist ? 
  not cool bro . 
  mr. btw . 
  enough with the propaganda !, 
  those are volunteer soldiers on a working vacation !, 
  well vlad , you do n't seem to want to get along with the rest of europe . 
  enjoy it while it lasts . 
  china is getting much more brave these days , out attention will continue to move to the pacific . 
  why would fans be up in arms ? 
  was n't fifa hated in england ? 
  kristaps porzingis should be pm , but you ca n't have him . 
  we need him . 
  the rest of the world are fans of corruption ? 
  yes , her whole family made it besides her grandfather . 
  her mother was raped and has terrible ptsd . 
  almost all of her family moved here . 
  my friend is in the doc , a 5 y/o girl on the buses out of srebrenica . 
  interesting . 
  maybe vw monitors the air quality . 
  yeah , it 's nasty as shit . 
  people say it 's from the dust on the northern line tube , but i think it was from all the diesel pollution . 
  never has happened to me in nyc . 
  i lived there for a semester .
