  like i said , it will be tight , going back and forth . 
  problems with , and in the eu could end up causing a lot of problems . 
  though i think london will be just fine in the event of brexit . 
  nyc is growing like crazy as well . 
  one measure that has always been great for seeing how things here are going is skyscraper contstruction . 
  we currently have 7 buildings completed buildings taller than 1000 feet ( the shard is 1014 for comparison ) , and 7 under construction right now . 
  25 more have been approved , and are waiting to get started . 
  think about that , we are adding 32 buildings taller than the shard , in multiple clusters around the city . 
  but i think we should also include the surrounding areas . 
  right across the hudson in jersey city they are building tons of high rises and some supertalls , same in brooklyn and queens . 
  and i get it , tall buildings do n't necessarily mean everything , but it 's a strong indication of growth . 
  with our pacific trade deal , nyc should be increasing in prominence , and our own domestic economy is n't looking too bad either . 
  so i do n't think we will be regressing . 
  london and nyc are undoubtedly the two tops cities in the world , and i expect a lot of switching places between 1 and 2 for them . 
   an example : `` if someone does n't have a rolex at 50 yo , he is a failure . '', 
  s\u00e9gu\u00e9la 2009 what an asshole !, 
  no problem at all , nyc is filled with nordic folks on vacation , i 've never seen one do anything bad . 
  no complaints . 
  not at all , they go back and forth all the time . 
  i do think you guys have less restrictions on shady money , which makes you more popular with russian/chinese oligarchs than we are . 
  also , if you look at it from a wider perspective , london should be leagues ahead of nyc but it is n't . 
  london is the uk center for government , tech , entertainment , media , finance , everything . 
  nyc is only the leader for the us in terms of media and finance . 
  government is in dc , tech in silicon valley , entertainment in la. 
  or you can go by gdp : http://www.brookings.edu/research/reports2/2015/01/22-global-metro-monitor nyc : gdp ( ppp , $ million ) : $ 1,403,463 ( 2nd ) london : ( ppp , $ million ) : $ 835,658 ( 5th ) i 've also lived in both cities , i 'll take nyc every time , even though london is a great place . 
  true , but i 've had ivy league docs who are amazing . 
  i would n't turn one down . 
  meh , we have scores of 60 + story ultra luxury towers being built . 
  we 'll reclaims the crown soon enough !, 
  oh , and they only are counting manhattan v. london , why leave out the rest of nyc ? 
  and how accurately does that reflect the mood in europe ? 
  i live 10 min away from westchester airport . 
  let 's do this !, 
  white is a race , and you have downs . 
  is n't there some day of remembrance ? 
  maybe it is n't just about the holocaust , did n't they have something about stalinism too ? 
  i think they were debating recognizing that day , not randomly commemorating the holocaust for no reason . 
  i 'm an attorney , some of the things i see on reddit are quite irritating ... what did i say about privacy ? 
  no its not sexism in a purposeful manner , but i understand if they feel it 's unfair . 
  no such sympathy for sweat shaming though . 
  that one is true though , women are always freezing at work . 
  but they can put on a sweater . 
  that was the most worthless thing i 've ever read in my life . 
  i do n't even think it 's worth considering that , the risk is so low . 
  but no , i would not change it , since we have laws that restrict speech that will cause imminent violence . 
   they 're human rights but i also think people not having to listen to hate speech , racism and the like are also human rights . 
  why ? 
  i 'm jewish , and i 100 % support the right of nazis to deny the holocaust or advocate for the death of the jews . 
  i have no fear at all that this is going to cause some kind of mass movement in this country . 
  it just makes these people look like idiots and deligitamize anything they believe in . 
  why make them martyrs by arresting them ? 
  it 's legal in ny . 
  what is sweat shaming ?!, 
  i just puked . 
  you just made a swede cry . 
  i do n't know , here in the us , you are free to spout of racist crap , and it 's good because it let 's us know who the maniacs are . 
  it does n't inspire mass movements . 
  at this point in history in germany , if people could say whatever they want about jews , you think it would lead to some kind of violence ? 
  germans are so aware of all this , i ca n't believe it would happen again . 
  am i just naive ? 
  it has to have a realistic chance of immediately causing violence though . 
  this would not . 
  it 's not a direct call to violence though , it 's a general statement . 
  do people think the law should be repealed ? 
  that 's a nice story . 
  has it helped relations with the roma ? 
  i think during finals it 's ok to be open 24/7 , otherwise , no . 
  that is how it was at my college . 
  yup , i was in the student government , literally did n't attend anything . 
  it was good for my resume , that 's it . 
  i 'm not just googling things , i 'm trying to convey the point that an independent judiciary is an important check on the majority . 
  if it got any more specific than it is , i think it would be an actionable threat . 
  it 's nice to converse with someone who knows what they are talking about . 
  white males are n't an ethnic group . 
  i do think that she should lose her position , but not be arrested . 
  it should be allowed so people can see how ridiculous this is . 
  as for when it should be illegal , it should be when a reasonable person would find it threatening . 
  i 'm a white male , even if i was in the uk , it would not cause real fear , just offense . 
  not even close , but at least you would understand what i 'm talking about . 
  or just google `` constitutional courts anti democratic '' and read . 
  but it 's not a real threat , it 's a general statement . 
  at goldsmith 's ? 
  i was just being a wise ass . 
  good !, 
  i hope that keeps people away from extremist parties . 
  wow , that is so different from the usual `` swastika bad '' restriction . 
  that 's a really narrow law , banning revision of trianon . 
  would there be an uproar if that was repealed ? 
  my best friend 's dad fled budapest in ' 56 . 
  i was drinking with him a few months ago , and he started going off on the treaty !!, 
  old habits die hard i guess . 
  well if you want to do some reading on the anti-democratic nature of courts with international comparisons , here is a pdf from oxford : http://www.fljs.org/sites/www.fljs.org/files/publications/rocd-report_0.pdf, 
  are they for limiting migration ? 
  uk has no written constitution and the parliament may not be overruled by the courts . 
   of particular interest are the answers to two questions . 
  the first is probably the most important question the public ever asks about the court , namely whether , once a case has wound its way through the expensive and long-winded english court system , the final decision of the court can overrule the uk parliament . 
  appropriately , the question is the first on the list . 
  the answer is no :  no it can not . 
  unlike some supreme courts in other parts of the world , the uk supreme court does not have the power to ` strike down ' legislation passed by the uk parliament . 
  it is not the court 's role to formulate public policy , but to interpret law and develop it where necessary , through well-established processes and methods of reasoning .
