  the one thing that made that really clear to me was when my buddy , who was working it at a large media corporation told me how they would just go through people 's computers for fun . 
  being that is was a media company , there were many attractive females they would scan for nudie pics of . 
  apparently they accumulated quite a collection . 
  if something can be abused it will be abused !!, 
  so fuck anyone who says `` i 'm not doing anything wrong , i do n't care if the government looks . '', 
  yup , this is how herbert hoover stayed in power for decades , it is nothing new . 
  look what happened to elliot spitzer once he tried to prosecute wall street . 
  they do n't have to brute force it when backdoors are built in for them . 
  http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/09/05/nsa-snowden-encryption-cracked/2772721/ http://www.theguardian.com/world/interactive/2013/sep/05/nsa-project-bullrun-classification-guide, 
  by who ? 
  bran castle . 
  nice . 
  i just remembered som hapsburg prince who owns dracula 's castle was an architect near where i grew up . 
  i think you missed that post about the romani injecting their babies with heroin . 
  the germans pay them $ 1200 a month to do so !!, 
  i may move there and have a crack baby !, 
  uh , yeah , i know that tony . 
  since they live in america , i do n't think that would be an issue , especially since it is not a criminal offense . 
  i work in a state civil court system . 
  i personally have no philosophical problem with the death penalty for egregious crimes , but the risk of executing an innocent person is far too high , and it is unfairly applied against black men . 
  so yeah , we should get rid of it , as many states recently have . 
  the learning channel is utter garbage . 
  people who do that to their kids should be electrocuted . 
  you almost made me shart myself . 
  not cool bruh . 
  na man , you saw how that ameristralia thing died out . 
  do you have a link explaining your coat of arms ? 
  for the most part i agree with that sentiment . 
  i also know it us hard for me to be totally rational about animal cruelty , bc i am an animal lover . 
  that being said , i have no problem with being disgusted by things i find barbaric . 
  just for some context , i have studied abroad , met a spanish girl during that time who moved here to be with me . 
  i have been to spain , and i do not hate the spanish . 
  but i do hate bullfighting . 
  this post was more about finding out what others think though , i do n't believe i went on some ideological tirade here . 
  because you care what is happening in the world ? 
  it would certainly be illegal . 
  unfortunately , in this country , illegal dog and cockfighting happens . 
  are you familiar with the situation with the american football player michael vick ? 
  it is sickening : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bad_newz_kennels_dog_fighting_investigation, 
  [ also , this logo is great ] ( http://ro-am.net/roam/rhf-images/roamnet-logo-web.jpg ), 
  yes , there are plenty of nice western europeans on reddit ... 
  but on / r/europe sometimes , romanians get treated like americans !, 
  i would 100 % understand boycotting the us for spying . 
  anyway , if you reread my question , i was asking about boycotts , not advocating them . 
  the bull does n't die from that ? 
  man , that seems a bit over the top to me . 
  sedated , then shot ? 
  for what it 's worth , romanians are becoming some of my favorite redditors . 
  your comment `` no guns here , communists really found that them inconvenient '' cracked me up . 
  as did this comment `` the same with every pseudo-intelectual douche that lives west of poland . '', 
  by / u/slcbqa made in another thread . 
  you guys are indignant at the elitism of some western european redditors , and mercilessly rub their faces in their own hypocrisy . 
  you also seem willing to honestly critique your own country . 
  ca n't say i know any romanians irl , though my dad visited bucharest last year , and really loved it ... 
  i do n't accept limits on hate speech either ( and i 'm a jew ) , but i can think of restrictions i would want on animal cruelty . 
  lets say there is an `` performance artist '' who like to make music from the howls of tortured animals . 
  so he has various animals , farm animals , pets , wild animals , vermin , etc. 
  strapped down . 
  he makes his music by stabbing them , jabbing pencils in their eyes , hitting them with hammers , etc. 
  this goes on for hours , until hey are all dead . 
  would you restrict his expression ? 
  great response , i appreciate it . 
  my father ( ny'er ) always would go on about rodeo being barbaric . 
  he also felt that boxing is barbaric . 
  is that some kind of eu law ? 
  is there an eu law against bull fighting ? 
  i certainly could see a person who had no idea how to slaughter animals really effing up if they tried to cut its throat . 
  is there much gun ownership there ? 
  i do n't think shooting a pig in the head is cruel . 
  here is a little bit on a louisiana pig roast : http://eater.com/archives/2011/08/30/bourdain-louisiana.php, 
   i will never support the suppression of human freedom in the name of animal rights . 
  are you an absolutist ? 
  is there any limitation on free speech in the name of animal rights you would accept ? 
  i guess i should have posted the pic instead ... 
  i was n't being serious . 
  i 'm glad you did n't part with your 10 euro !, 
  thoumas , thank you for the enlightening reply !, 
  that french bullfighting looked awesome . 
  do they harm the bull at all ? 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong with that all , they did n't even show them killing it . 
  they cut its throat and slaughtered it normally . 
  this type of thing is very common in the us , though usually they shoot it in the head , cut its throat and let it bleed out . 
  they did n't torture it for sport . 
  we have the rodeo here , if you would like to play with dangerous bulls . 
  i have no utter obsession with this at all , i was just recalling how intense the whole fox hunting thing is in the uk , and was wondering if other countries had similar attitudes . 
  do n't be so bitter . 
  immigration issues are largely a federal matter , and attempts by states to interfere have largely been rejected . 
  can i ask why you took took the papers ? 
  are you a berliner ? 
  i work near major tourist attractions in nyc , and there is this old chinese man who hands out cards saying he is deaf . 
  i walk right by him , as do most people , but i suppose he gets a tourist every now and then . 
  could you describe the pig slaughtering ? 
   that the same with every pseudo-intelectual douche that lives west of poland . 
  this quote is great . 
  i agree with you !!, 
  i retracted any type of organized boycott . 
  i also would n't blame you for avoiding backwards areas of the us , i do !, 
   i revised my question to say area/towns where the events are held , and dropped the boycott bit . 
  like the food in england , amirite ? 
  i kid , i kid .
