  that 's dutch , right ? 
  you 're saying the prosecution was forced to charge him because of protests ? 
  i 'm a moron , his nickname is thor , so yeah , you 're right . 
  one of my favorite baseball pitchers is noah syndergaard , that a dutch name ? 
  it was my impression he was criminally charged . 
  is that incorrect ? 
  he is awaiting trial apparently . 
  i should have said threatened with imprisonment . 
  that 's quite helpful actually . 
  in my opinion , if you are jailed for speech which is not an incitement to violence , you are being persecuted . 
  our royalists fled to canada . 
  you mean them ? 
  both if you ask me . 
  i know anne frank , van gogh , the djs and wilders were dutch . 
  i know some of the other names , but did not know they were dutch , since german and dutch names seem similar to americans . 
  de-industrialization . 
  same here . 
  my ex got a master 's in english and is a school teacher . 
  she 's the 1 % . 
  we had that too . 
  it was fun to floor the gas while the instructor stomped the brakes . 
  thought it had something to do with the german equivalent of the patent and trademarks dept. 
  space toilet is best toilet . 
    i 'm surprised germans have n't burnt that organisation to the ground yet :| things did n't go so great after the last time a german government building was burnt down , so i do n't blame them for not going that route . 
  of course that is not negligible , but it is not an immediate threat the way nox fumes are . 
  look at milan and paris this winter , it was terrible . 
  the only way forward is replacing the ice and going electric . 
  in the meantime , it 's much more responsible to output more co2 while upping renewable power production . 
  in the meantime , europe could at least stop subsidizing diesel with lower txes than petrol . 
  yes , like it 's a choice between eating a piece of dog shit or pizza for lunch . 
  on the bright side , you get your visa and visit us , and no one is going to call you a gypsy , unlike the rest of europe . 
  see , there 's always a silver lining . 
  wow , that is pretty awesome . 
  in nyc , massive percentage of crime occurs in and around the massive public housing projects . 
  they need to demolish them , and we could use something like your system . 
  we seriously need to break gangs up . 
  you are not mistaken . 
  you get a marshall plan !, 
  and you get a marshall plan !, 
  everyone gets a marshall plan !, 
  at least the brits behave when they visit us . 
  thx bruh . 
  i got lucky and found a place in a very desirable town with low taxes . 
  literally a miracle . 
  poortuguese trump supporters, 
  do n't even get me started on li people that think it 's upstate . 
  i 'm old , just bought a house in southern northern westchester . 
  wait , it was n't a documentary ? 
  shit, 
  dam son, 
  small enough town for people to figure out !, 
  i was on the eastern side of northern westchester . 
  great place to grow up , no ? 
  it 's the intent that sucks . 
  he 's a portuguese trump supporter . 
  dude , that was harsh . 
  though it 's funny to refer to them as poortugal . 
  why do germans celebrate patty 's day in may ? 
  great bunch of cunts , the poles . 
  lol , i grew up 15 minutes from yorktown . 
  i 'm implying the germans think the greeks are animals , not me . 
  hey , everyone needs some downvotes every now and then . 
  hau sound like `` how ? '', 
  i do know that . 
  most ee/balkan people in general seem to like us , and we like them . 
  i 've met tons of people from bosnia , albania , kosovo , poland , romania etc. 
  etc. , and they are so happy to be here and to be successful . 
  i 've never had any of these folks be condescending to me , or lecture me or anything like that . 
  additionally , most americans just look european immigrants as people who came here to work or as refugees . 
  they are n't aware of all these stereotypes , etc. 
  that 's why you always hear romanians say they like how they are treated here because no one associates them with gyspsies . 
  when you have no preconceptions of people , it 's easy to like or dislike them for who they actually are . 
  one exception would be russians , some of them are crazy/rude , but the second generation is doing much better . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  we have lots of people from kosovo , who were allowed here as refugees ( and are now us citizens ) . 
  very hard workers who have done great in the contruction trade , and are small biz owners . 
  absolutely beautiful . 
  yeah , i believe i mentioned it before . 
  it was in the early 90 's , things are a lot different now . 
  is there much difference between a kosovar albanian and albanian albanians ? 
  the superintendent in my building is a kosovar , very nice guy . 
  not cool spain . 
  yes , but that is what people mean by `` speed of sound . '', 
  just like water boils at 100c at sea level . 
  look up the sr71 blackbird . 
  it went to fast that the skin had to be made from titanium , and expanded so much that fuel leaked out of the plane before it heated up . 
  well , one tried to hire a hit man to kill my dad , so there was that . 
  in the '90s they were pretty huge with organized crime , and known as maniacs . 
  now i barely hear about them at all , so i take it they have pretty much assimilated . 
  some are still quite traditional , but the ones who were born here in the '90s are pretty much just regular kids . 
  and in the us we have eminent domain for the same , no crisis needed . 
  from what i have heard in the ussr was that there was very little due process , and it was very arbitrary . 
  my officemate lived in minsk until 1994 , i can ask him when he gets in . 
  too many hamburgers . 
  i think half of albania moved to the bronx . 
  it 's not like they spend much of their money on anything but land . 
  and they are top notch craftsman , people pay big money to them . 
  best barn builders around . 
  no amish is wearing a track suit . 
  and he 's squatting !,
