  are you a canadian citizen ? 
  if so , was n't it weird to pledge allegiance to the queen ? 
  aww , do n't be ashamed , you can use canada flair . 
  fuck vw . 
  post a pic . 
  most jews i know have families who have been in the us since the late 1800s , and have no family in europe , and assume that if they did , they were killed in the holocaust . 
  lol , i just saw your arrogant american post on ask reddit . 
  are you 13 years old ? 
  stick with the rs, 
  then i guess myself and the other americans jews i know are out there . 
  $ 900m is a slap ? 
  vw poisoned the environment . 
  maybe 500k, 
  we win because pizza . 
  we leased a fiesta ( loved it ) and my wife bought a 2013 escape new , also very good . 
  never a mechanical issue , high build quality . 
  i 've rented fusions , was very impressed . 
  the new gt is going to be one of the sickest cars of all time . 
  saw it at the nyc auto show . 
  is n't a fusion more than a passat ? 
  because you do n't get the shit ones we do , that are trying to compete with honda . 
  focus rs all day , every day . 
  i 'd love to have a fiesta st for everyday driving . 
  vw is not upmarket of ford in my book . 
  though the toureg is very nice . 
  how is the us protectionist with the auto industry ? 
  ok , to live in france ? 
  one guy in jobbik wanted a list . 
  a ford focus stomps it . 
  i rented a diesel renault in ireland , not too bad . 
  slow , but great for those single lane roads . 
  ha , how do you know everyone feels the king represents them ? 
  if a ridiculous king is born , can he be removed ? 
  i 've been the the alchemist brewery bruh . 
  my local pub has a dedicated hill farmstead tap . 
  guinness from the can is good , but after going to the brewery , even going to pubs in ireland was disappointing . 
  it was amazing . 
  beamish is great if you see it around . 
  fine , they are n't actually oppressive , but i ca n't support a class of people who have a higher status in law simply due to birth . 
  people had almost no experience with diesel here . 
  exactly right . 
  vw is trying to compete with korean/japanese/american companies for low priced cars , but is doing a bad job . 
  yeah , and people think `` wow , i 'm using so much less gas , that is great for the environment . '', 
  agreed, 
  what about the bmw , benz and audis built here , are they shitty too ? 
  you do n't hear anyone complain about those , just vw . 
  lets just hope there is no more violence . 
  it does n't matter who invented it , it was in their advertisements . 
   i think it would be very informative to see the registration statistics of diesel cars in the us . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34329596 http://auto.howstuffworks.com/fuel-efficiency/fuel-consumption/diesel-fuel-better-environment.htm http://news.berkeley.edu/2012/10/22/diesel-vs-gas-contributing-to-smog/ http://www.carsdirect.com/car-buying/diesel-fuel-vs-unleaded-gasoline-understand-the-pros-and-cons  and then there 's another challenge for diesels -- stricter u.s. emission regulations . 
  the 50-state light-duty vehicle limit for emissions of nitrogen oxides is 0.07 grams per mile . 
  in western europe , the limit is 0.29 . 
  reducing nox to nitrogen and oxygen is much harder with a diesel engine because the exhaust is typically cooler and contains less oxygen compared to a gas engine . 
  to meet u.s. regulations , diesel engines are required to use complicated -- and expensive -- high-pressure fuel injection and after-treatment systems that in some cases inject an aqueous urea solution to handle the nox . 
  the added expense of course means an even longer payback period for the consumer . 
  we care about getting rid of smog , that is why we have low limits , and no smog . 
  our diesels are very clean , and since they get better mileage , it was assumed they were `` green . '', 
  and vw marketed them as `` clean diesel . '', 
  i 'm not saying it would be worst , just that it might go on the list . 
  i know enough not to drink from a can with a widget in it . 
  yup . 
  i do n't hear gm getting much shit these days , though chrysler seems to . 
  the thing for vw is that the people who bought the diesels are the people who do care about emissions . 
  a lot of other people will just be pissed off because the lying . 
  we 'll have to wait and see , but a lot of vw owners are pissed , and a lot of them are repeat buyers . 
  yeah , it wo n't make much of a difference to the company . 
  let me clarify . 
  vw the brand is doing terrible . 
  audi , which is owned by vw , is doing great . 
  so what i 'm saying is i think vw badged cars are finished here . 
  audi also made much fewer diesel vehicles . 
  there are no laws against libel or slander , but you can personally sue someone if they say something false which causes you damages . 
  public figures may not do this , they are expected to take criticism . 
  it literally made no sense , and i have no idea what he was trying to say . 
  i do n't know about in europe , but this will kill the vw brand here . 
  vw was already going down the toilet as it was . 
  these cars were marketed as an alternative to hybrids , the people who bought them cared about the environment . 
  the more important question for vw in the us is whether or not this will affect audi sales . 
  i assume that there is a clause in there about gross negligence or intentional wrongdoing . 
  it 's never too late to throw off the shackles of oppression . 
  about time . 
  oh yes . 
  fuck no , he was a total dbag . 
  my wife would have killed me . 
  they were too nice to do anything , i think they just disapeared when he wsa n't looking . 
  it really was sad . 
  sorry , i meant we have a very small amount of diesels , like 3 % of all cars . 
  i might be wrong , but i believe these diesels were specifically designed to meet us standards , while vw tried to retro-fit their euro models to meet our specs . 
  i think the biggest thing for europe to come out of this is to ask why you have such terrible emissions standards for 50 % of your vehicles . 
  i hope i 'm wrong too . 
  i was recently at the guinness brewery , and ther was this english guy ( who cliamed to live in philadelphia ) who was rolling solo , and desperatley clining to this group of italians . 
  it was so sad . 
  i later saw him at the bar by himself . 
  someone like that is a candidate to go to octoberfest alone and end up covered in puke . 
  i 'm sure there are some who go alone and make great friends too . 
  maybe . 
  you mean 1776 . 
  if catalonia unilaterally secedes , you may have to revise this . 
  and then you had to go and get a monarchy ... 
  i rented a jetta once .
