   well if you are an attorney you are working with sketchy people by default because they are more likely to get in contact with you . 
  the entire industry is sketchy , that 's what i 'm trying to get at . 
  name a major bank that was not involved in fraud during the crisis ? 
  deutsche bank is still dealing with this stuff . 
  i 100 % agree with the people not being punished and whistle blower bit . 
  `` real '' banking has value to society , commodification of debt and commodity speculation , less so . 
  it is a given up there , kind of sad . 
  my wife 's family is from that way , been up quite a bit . 
  the only thing left are jails and colleges . 
  to be sure , they would be great for premium real estate and the art market . 
   if you think that , do n't buy the product ? 
  it 's that simple . 
   the part of the profession that outright lied is small , most people tried their best but failed . 
  that 's not true , the banks included many representations that the knew were false , to induce purchase of the securities , which is known as fraud . 
  my brother worked at lehman , and i ; ve worked on a million cases , i 'm not buying the they are mostly good guys bit . 
  that being said , most of the buyers were awful fraudsters too . 
  the point is n't that these things always lose money , they can make a lot of money . 
  they can also induce systemic risk and massive losses . 
  tons of books and documentaries are out about this if you want to learn . 
  and yes , the government here and the uk were accomplices to the banks , and to a lesser extent in other places . 
  the abandoned industrial area was a stand out to me . 
  well , who knows now , trump probably wants the eu and euro to implode , he might argue for them not to be paid . 
  sometimes these products work , until they do n't , and everyone tries to dump them . 
  watch this : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1645089/ or even the big short . 
  being ripped off on fees is banking as usual , yes . 
  that is why you sue the bank . 
  i did n't see where gs is pushing for payment of loans . 
  oh , you mean raped on fees ? 
  when you do business with loan sharks , that is to be expected . 
  that 's a focus , but my ford performance 1.6 ecoboost came from there . 
  we also have an escape with a 1.6 ecoboost , but it 's the regular version , not sure if it 's made there . 
  the mostly create opaque , nonsensical products , and trade them back and forth and rip people off . 
  synthetic cdos for example . 
  i hate gs as much as the next guy , but they did not rape greece . 
  greece came to them and asked how they can hide debt from the ecb for the euro application . 
  gs came up with dollar swaps , because dollar denominated debt was not considered a liability on the balance sheet . 
  chase rips off old people at branches with fees and products they do n't need , which is horrible , and they do have investment banking , but gs drives commodity speculation like crazy , and has a worse culture which has infected the trump cabinet . 
  but really , you are talking about deciding which piece of dog shit tastes better . 
  because they are greedy , evil scum that are terrible for society . 
  source : worked as an attorney in finance for 10 years . 
  russian and yugo intelligence stopped collaborating after the stalin/tito split . 
  so no . 
  tbf , canadians and swedes are the world leaders in weapons of mass smugness . 
  the very threat of your condescension keeps potential foes inline . 
  oh , the dog is both norway and denmark ? 
  who is the dog ? 
  wow , jamland got a moose , an eagle and a dog on its coat of arms !, 
  you need that back asap . 
  they must have learned that one from the canadians . 
  the engine in my fiesta st came from bridgend , uk :-d, 
  canada was a colony in ' 22 ? 
  trust me , you are better off without gs douches in your country . 
  ok , but that 's not really what we are talking about here , is it ? 
  it 's nonsensical to compare immigrants in the us with whatever is going in europe . 
  i also have no problem with trump 's push for deportations , i 'm no bleeding heart lefty . 
   among people aged 18-54 , 1.53 percent of natives are incarcerated , as are 0.85 percent of undocumented immigrants and 0.47 percent of documented immigrants , according to the cato study of comparative incarceration rates . 
  http://thehill.com/latino/324607-reports-find-that-immigrants-commit-less-crime-than-us-born-citizens if you will be deported for breaking the law , you are probably not going to break the law . 
  amsterdam , ny is one of the worst cities i 've been to in my life . 
  wonder if they are next . 
  you are using the wrong salute for the nazi arsonist . 
   criticism of foreign automobile companies has antagonized many japanese business leaders have a source for that ? 
   about 94 % of all honda vehicles sold in the u.s. were made in north america , bookbinder said , and about 71 % of all toyota vehicles sold in this country were made in north america . 
   nissan provides more detail , he noted , and about 76 % of that company 's vehicles sold in this country were made in the u.s.  the japanese car companies also set a record for the percentage of vehicles sold in the u.s. that were built in north america . 
  that figure rose to 71 % , from 70 % a year ago . 
  not to mention they are entirely dependent upon us for defense . 
  pretty sure the us navy is the largest force in the pacific . 
   which is more or less their only geopolitical problem in the region . 
  nk too, 
  the lamb . 
  ours look the same . 
  they were asked if they are happy , that 's the question . 
  you are n't getting enough of them . 
  low , low carb diet . 
  i think the south americans always come out as the actual happiest , and they score horribly on the criteria of this survey . 
  this kills / r/keto, 
  in the british case , no parliament can be restrained by a past parliament . 
  same here , and as a person with a jewish background , i do n't give a fuck . 
  yeah , i was joking . 
  they are a bunch of lying scumbags that will cause 1200 deaths in europe from the particulates . 
  huh , if vw can read english , how did they get our regulations so wrong ? 
  hey , not all of us can be a haven for turkish soldiers , russian blood money and low class british tourists . 
  i did n't say it to a belgian , i said it to a spaniard . 
  ching chong , i ca n't understand what you 're saying . 
  white power . 
  so you have been to bottle shops in spain and ny ? 
  mmm , that one of those bready/yeasty english beers ? 
  fullers esb is one of my favorites . 
  ugh , that is also pretty disgusting , but much better than just ketchup . 
  do you guys have ranch dressing over there ? 
  if you really must put a condiment on a pizza , that is the one to do . 
  i was a nice guy and did n't hit him . 
   she speaks the language of truth , logic , facts and reason . 
  saw a swede do it in chicago . 
  do you mean houblon by d'achouffe ? 
  huh ? 
  yeah man , i studied in london in ' 98 , bill clinton was president , the stock market was insanely high , everyone was getting great jobs the day they graduated college , and even the euros liked us back then . 
  it 's all been downhill since 9/11 , and it 's depressing . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  i live by this place : https://www.beermenus.com/places/10441-decicco-s-sons-armonk , which is actually a family owned grocery store with a bar in it . 
  it 's heaven .
