  gyspies have been there for longer than blacks have been here , and from what i 've seen , it 's more or less socially acceptable to hate them . 
  in the us is you make blatantly racist statements against black people , there will be very serious repercussions for you . 
  and europe has tried for a long time to integrate the roma without success . 
  if you want to talk about immigrants assimilating , we do a very good job of that here , black immigrants included . 
  a swede is the last person who should be smugly chuckling about racial tension and assimilation , especially after making such a nonsensical argument . 
   i casually note that concerns about racial tensions are at their highest for many decades in polls from pew and other respectable organisations . 
  that has a lot more to do with white/black relations than immigration . 
  the main complaint people have about about illegal immigration is related to economics , less about assimilation . 
  what percentage of those evs are teslas ? 
  no , alcoholism damages the kidneys , you 'd get a shitty one . 
  looks really nice to me . 
  would live there . 
  the place he linked in ny is insanely expensive too . 
  but if you are going to show suburbs , show nice ones , right ? 
  oh snap , you 're from freshchester too ? 
  maybe we had this convo before ... 
  the czech suburb looks quite nice . 
  not all say aboot , which is a dead giveaway . 
  a lot of the time they just sound like midwesterners/minnesotans . 
  as a ny'er , i totally get where you are coming from , and used to think that too . 
  but after spending a bit of time out on the west coast , they actually just are being nice . 
  yeah , right after the war in iraq . 
  actually , i think i have heard of people who went to the me or other places we bomb doing that . 
  probably not to safe countries so much . 
  yeah , if i did n't have to pay for the doctor , i 'd never wear sunscreen !, 
  i 've met ontarians that i talked to for hours before i knew they were canadian . 
  so if anyone else can tell us apart , i 'm impressed . 
   also , some americans apparently wear canadian flags because they were told the same thing . 
  at least , that 's what we 've been told . 
  maybe that happened just after the iraq war or something , but otherwise it 's an urban legend . 
  people with free healthcare act recklessly . 
  congratulations on passing your citizenship test , brother . 
  you guys are the happiest tourists in nyc . 
  must be because we have good italian food . 
  he 's just trolling . 
  thanks to the 1st amendment , every law that has been passed that tried to criminalize flag burning , etc. , has been declared unconstitutional . 
  think junker had haider killed ? 
  i 've personally never seen a house without a basement . 
  i know some places in florida are basically built in a swamp , and it 's not profitable to build a basement . 
  my house was built in 1940 next to a river/marsh , and is in a fema designated flood zone . 
  we have a full basement , and get no water . 
  but there are places like areas of florida where you are basically in a swamp with the water table right below the surface . 
  it just is n't profitable to build a basement there . 
  read it in a tour book ... 
  if you have no foundation , it probably had wheels at some point . 
  do you mean basement ? 
  some places have too much water , and you ca n't build them . 
  in ` murica we call those french doors/windows like that . 
  it 's a luxury option here . 
  `` wood houses bad '' is one of my favorite circle jerks . 
  when you live where there are lots of trees , it 's a great material . 
  better for earthquakes as well , a brick house will fall on you . 
  does your house have wheels ? 
  that guy is awesome . 
  no mosquitoes in the baltics ? 
  the people who owned the house before us replaced all the windows except one ( that i know of so far , did n't close yet ) with energy efficient anderson 's . 
  there is one window in the attic which we have to replace , and i do believe it 's the rope type . 
  i am going to look into solar panels . 
  we have a very steeply pitched roof with a southern exposure . 
  miami does have a lot of business activity , and is a hub for biz deals with latin america . 
  so it 's not just a resort town . 
  it was n't a ridiculous comparison or anything , but i do n't think they are too close . 
  it has 70k people , miami has 415k . 
  miami is also a business hub for business with latin america , so it 's not just a resort town . 
  i know we are just making rough analogies , but i think this one is off . 
  yeah , that 's about right . 
  benidorm is too small to compare to miami . 
  only state capitol in the us without a mcdonalds . 
  besides being dangerous , who wants to wake up covered in mosquito bites ? 
  are you nuts about the screens ? 
  do you want to be eaten alive by bugs ? 
  i think it 's mainly because energy is so much more expensive there . 
  everything is made for efficiency . 
  i 'm in the process of buying an old house , i learned they do n't make single pane windows here anymore ... 
  she never called herself that , i learned it on reddit . 
  she was just a catalan speaking spanish . 
  that being said , he family was very heavily repressed under franco , and she hated people from madrid . 
  all very interesting to an american like me . 
  i wonder if any of what he said was true . 
  on the coast between valencia and alicante . 
  catalan speaking area, 
  as someone who had a ltr with a valencian catalan , me gusta . 
  olive skin would refer to spanish/portuguese/southern italian people who are just a little darker than pasty white people like brits . 
   you know , the black-and-red one . 
  under the queen no less . 
  just to clarify , i grew up in the far northern exurbs of nyc , not in the city . 
  there were very few jews there , which was why i was the only jew in my grade . 
  also , i think you read way too much into my initial comment . 
  he said kids made fun of his name , and put garbage in his bag . 
  to me , that could just be regular kids doing dumb shit . 
  from what i 've seen on this sub , there seems to be more bullying behavior in anglo countries than on the continent , which lead me to ask the question . 
  we do lots of dumb shit that probably seems appalling to more civilized folk . 
  i 've lived in the uk , so you do n't have to convince me about how people in europe do n't like each other ( not that it is specific to the uk ) . 
  on my third day living in london , a complete stranger in a pub said to me `` oi , you from ny ? 
  great city , well besides all the jews and irish . '', 
  i literally could n't believe my ears . 
  no one can tell i 'm jewish , i look generically american ; heard more jew comments in a few months in the uk than in the rest of my life . 
  nothing super hateful , though i doubt they would have said it if they knew i was jewish . 
  and the uk is not a particularly anti-semitic place . 
  trust me , i know how lucky i am .
