  this is so fucking embarrassing . 
  ha , i did n't know that . 
  funnily enough , there are 3 very loud germans on my commuter train in ny right now . 
  maybe i 'll make them pay the noise toll . 
  probably the only thing g i somewhat agree with trump on . 
  however , no one `` owes '' us money from the past . 
  / r/polandball is leaking, 
  guy is a true bad ass , and hero . 
  how is this not discrimination and against the principles of free movement ? 
  til , thx, 
  until the investigations are over , all we have is if . 
  there is enough evidence to investigate so far , that 's all we have . 
  maybe i 'm a moron , but i still have faith in our institutions to take care of this if there really was serious misconduct . 
  if there was n't illegality or a cover up , it will go away . 
  thx , for the tip , but i 'm staying away !, 
  well , maybe i 'm naive , but i think collusion with a foreign power and subsequent cover up might actually get it done . 
  remember , pence would be come president , not like the r 's have to risk a dem in there . 
  is that the root of the word `` skank ? '', 
  i ca n't see with pepe in the way . 
  it would really be the analogue to nixon if there is obstruction . 
  and yeah , i get it , pence will have a lot more ability to get his insane agenda accomplished . 
  but i think trump is so unstable and ignorant , that it ca n't be tolerated . 
  obstruction of justice is the most likely way they get him , but yeah , it is not 100 % by any shot . 
  nothing would surprise me anymore , we are living in house of cards irl . 
  if there is direct collusion with a foreign power and then an attempt to cover it up , there will be an impeachment . 
  it 's the cover up . 
  or it could just be a resignation . 
  if the trump had personal involvement with the russians , he will be gone asap . 
  if it was just sessions and flynn , could get messy and be 4 years , and hopefully not 8 . 
  edit : forgot about the cover up , that is what always gets prosecuted . 
  i 'm not good at reading , will fix . 
  thx, 
  exactly !, 
  the 25th amendment was passed for incompetency , but that was for someone in a coma , etc. 
  not that it could not be used now . 
   but i doubt anyone would argue they 've done anything more than improve food choices . 
  if that is n't destroying british culture , i do n't know what is . 
  trump will never win a handshake again . 
   but at the same time , fucking hell , ca n't the americans just get rid of him somehow that 's what all the various investigations regarding russia is about . 
  he will be gone , but it is going to take awhile . 
  ha , we are liberal , yet realistic over here . 
  i think sf is one of the coolest places on earth , but just the amount of crazy people/homeless people has seemed a bit too much from me . 
  and i 'm from nyc , and have lived in london , so it 's not like i do n't know big cities . 
  i 've never watched a second of the bachelor , thank jeebus . 
  where in the us are you ? 
   as long as we do not know what was measured in what way we will not get any further . 
  true . 
  i 'm just saying unless you are in a profession that bills hourly ( like attorneys ) , there is n't pressure like i 've read about in japan to sit around for the sake of sitting around . 
   working some overtime is common , working a lot more means something 's wrong with you or your role . 
  here ( in the white collar office world ) , many people are expected to work a lot , but also get paid a lot . 
  cheaper to pay a very high salary and work someone a lot than to hire another person . 
  i do n't really think that is true , we are n't so big on that whole working for appearances like japan . 
  if this survey counts answering emails at night/on weekends , it would come from things like that . 
  or if there is a big deadline , etc. 
  he 's saying there are a lot of american companies there because of taxes . 
  wow , i did n't know that . 
  awful, 
  sad but true . 
  not saying it 's normal in spain , you just reminded me of that incident . 
  lol . 
  well , you can actually get `` diversity '' points for employment , while getting to be white !, 
  like my wife 's company hired a bosniak , who gets muslim points . 
  don ; t get me wrong we have weird shit here , but no one sees a spaniard and thinks they are n't white@!, 
  and perogis, 
  i 'm sure , i still think it sucks . 
  i have a jewish background , and like with you being romanian , most of the time people have no idea . 
  it 's happened when i 've been to europe that people have made random comments about jews , so i always let them know my background , and try to make them feel very uncomfortable . 
  but i just do this as a visitor ... 
  i was at a bar in new mexico once and a guy started making comments , i flipped out on him . 
  my ex from spain lived here for a bit , she had two cousins visit . 
  i had to explain to them what jews were , they had no idea . 
  and these were wealthy , educated girls . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  do n't feel bad , they still think you are better than filthy americans . 
  lol, 
  it cracks me up that you say that , because there is a rather anti-american fella that posted on one of my submissions , and i saw in his history that he said americans do n't consider spanish `` white '' and discriminate against them . 
  first of all , there are not so many spaniards here , and secondly , my spanish ex moved here , and no did n't think she is white . 
   also in spain there 's no psychosis/fear about having the possibility of being labeled as ` racist you just reminded me of that pic where spaniards pulled their eyes back to look chinese . 
  was that for the olympics or something ? 
  not sure that should get an `` lol , '' seems like a bad way to live to me . 
  you know as well as i do that if you are a successful business person who moves to the us , you are going to have very good healthcare . 
  ah , i remember that gif, 
  he 'd still come out ahead . 
  the only thing you will hear about is dracula , and hot chicks . 
  and when you are successful and want to make more money , you 'll end up here like all those other canadians . 
  i 'm going to give you literally the opposite example of your treatment of a romanian university student . 
  i was at a restaurant in maine with my wife and another couple . 
  we had a very nice ( and attractive ) waitress who had a slight accent , and for the life of me i could not figure out where she was from . 
  i said `` i hope you do n't mind , but where you are from ? '', 
  so she says she is from romania , and she has been studying in the us for three years , and might take the citizenship test . 
  so we started chanting `` do it !, 
  do it ! '', 
  and she blushed , it was so cute . 
  hope you can visit one day . 
  well , if you keep going west to us/canada , we do n't care , so do n't be scared to talk to us . 
  well my man , you must speak pretty damn good english then . 
  are you romanian ? 
   have people forgotten history so quickly ? 
  yes, 
  what did they think you were before you told them ?
