  nixon took us off the gold standard . 
  american taxpayers rebuilt france . 
  sorry , could n't resist . 
  is there a second attaturk in the offing ? 
  i think that would be a good thing . 
  no sir , no . 
  the monocled one is no longer the lead . 
   unfortunately there are a lot of americans that have n't figured out that religious freedom can be a bad thing . 
  uh , no . 
  it is really a first amendment issue . 
  even if your religion is barbaric , as long as you are not actually causing physical harm , it is going to be tolerated . 
  i live in nyc and i always see tons of orthodox/hasidic jews who 's women wear head to toe clothing and wigs . 
  they are second class citizens in their own society . 
  but who am i to go change what they do ? 
  when they infringe on others ( as they have ) , then it becomes a problem . 
  i 'm ethnically jewish if that makes any difference . 
  without a doubt the most tolerant country in europe in my opinion . 
  this is coming from a secular/invisible jew who lived there . 
  one old lady even told me to be proud , and went on about all these great british jews throughout history . 
  of course i did hear the random comment here and there from folks who had no clue i was jewish . 
  do n't listen to her . 
  it snowed in nyc this morning . 
  same as italy http://www.aei-ideas.org/2014/02/americas-ridiculously-large-16t-economy/, 
  i always ignore the most ridiculous and bitter people , i would n't put him in that category ... though he is close . 
  how is it being received in russia that yanukovich ( sp ) is calling crimea annexation a `` tragedy ? '', 
  beyond ironic for you to be making such a statement , but sure . 
  ok look , i think we are just having a language issue . 
  by `` all grown up '' i meant europe is more than competent enough to take care of itself , but has not taken that initiative . 
  and just so it is crystal clear , i am not criticizing any of the former eastern bloc nations for this . 
  this is a decades long failure of the eu , and more specifically the major western european countries . 
  they had the money , technical expertise to achieve a lot . 
  they still do . 
  lol . 
  you honestly think that americans who say what i just did think we are there because we care about everyone ? 
  i mean , we care a little , but obviously it 's all about influence and control . 
  if europe had developed its own eu force and had more credible military power , we could leave . 
  we are aligned closely enough with europe that it would not be a big problem . 
  i 'd like to see a more powerful europe . 
  but now we ca n't leave , because there would be a vacuum that russia will fill . 
  i do n't think europe wants that either . 
  granted , romania really is n't a problem in this whole equation , you are a small country without the resources for a big military , and you are a recent nato member . 
  but western euro countries could have done more for a long time . 
  look , whether it is us , or the germans or whoever else to the west of you , you guys are stuck between russia and the western world . 
  i 'm not really sure what can be done with that . 
  look how many times poland has suffered because of it . 
  so you ca n't really `` remind '' someone of some figment of your imagination . 
  and i 'll say it again , i 'd love to see all us forces out of europe , and hope that europe becomes stronger . 
  i would love to see 0 american troops in all of europe . 
  you guys are all grown up now , you can take care of yourselves . 
  you are obviously a very bitter person , but you 've explained nothing . 
  `` vote for decent people '' thanks man !, 
  you just fixed america !, 
  we have good relations with eastern europe , tons of people of eastern european descent live here . 
  plenty of eastern european immigrants too , i can assure you they get a very good reception . 
  so really , cheer up or something . 
  maybe those brits being so mean to you guys has got you down . 
  we would never complain about you . 
  so me , as a civilian , should want american military troops to go to romania so they can party ? 
  i mean , i 'm sure it is a great time and very nice place , but that generally is n't a policy consideration . 
  it comes out all jumbled . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  your are in nato , so as far as this we concerned , you guys are former members of the soviet bloc who are concerned about russian aggression . 
  no one is criticizing that , therefore it does not need to be defended . 
  why so angry ? 
  we do n't seem to be on this list : http://www.un.org/en/ga/about/art19.shtml, 
  and look , we are trying to help you http://voiceofrussia.com/news/2014_04_01/us-to-boost-troops-at-romania-airbase-increasing-natos-military-presence-in-eastern-europe-2499/, 
  such melodramatic condescension . 
  what makes it even less tolerable is that is come from the land of the dailymail . 
  on top of that , the city of london thrives on russian oligarch money , and they own tons of real estate there are well . 
  your government has made it quite clear that they do not wish to disturb that . 
  so if your accusation is that we think of eastern europe as pawns , you pay them no heed at all . 
  hell , we are n't the ones throwing fits about poles stealing jobs , whilst we cower in fear of romanian hordes descending on us . 
  did you watch fox news or something ? 
  i 'm really not sure were you are getting this from . 
  republicans are bashing obama for not being strong and letting putin be aggressive . 
  that sounds like they are concerned about eastern europe . 
  most of us are pretty damn war weary and would really like to stay out of more conflicts . 
  but if you are paying attention , it really is up to western europe ( uk and france really ) and the us to protect eastern europe . 
  they do not have the resources to do it themselves . 
  i do n't know , maybe obama should not have cancelled the missile shield . 
  it 's all a mess , and i hope crimea is the end of it . 
  oh , and i hardly find it unreasonable that the american media concerns itself with us-russia relations , it is kind of important to everyone . 
  now let me go find some dailymail headlines to get mad at . 
  pretty sure i can not restrain your speech . 
  and in case you have n't noticed , there are n't too many decent politicians to vote for on the entire planet . 
  it is n't just here . 
  oh , we are getting mouthy huh ? 
  sorry we do n't love you like the brits do , but you can go back into the russian sphere if you wish . 
  i will , soon as you tell me what the fn is . 
  russia is allied with syrian regime . 
  saudi arabia is in a proxy war with the syrian regime . 
  they will be the one who will flood the world with oil if that play is called . 
  `` save us ` murica !, 
  we take back all the fat jokes ! '', 
  please start asking european members of nato to pay their required allotment . 
  maybe they iwll listen to you guys . 
  well , it 's really a symptom of the culture wars of reddit , of which / r/europe is a frequent a battleground . 
  it really is n't about the helmets , its about fighting against some perceived ridiculousness of laws protecting people from themselves . 
  i 'm sure this gets conflated with the abundance of warning labels in common law jurisdictions . 
  in this case , there are american state laws for children wearing helmets , but the jerk here went to `` stupid americans scared of everything . '',
