  well there are many right wing anti-semites in greece for example , but few jews live there , and they are more focused on immigrants . 
  in france , they are being harassed by muslims, 
  yes , they are fanatics . 
  hey dude , i want to make you feel even better . 
  i 'm an american jew , and my grandparents were here , and watched what happened in germany with horror in the '30s and during the war . 
  i would n't say they hated germans , but they vowed never to buy anything from germany , and my grandfather got very upset when his brother bought a mecedes . 
  my dad was less anti-german , but did n't like them much . 
  apparently german owners of a hotel in utah told him there was no room there after he made a reservation months ago , and they were very rude to him . 
  this was in 1977 . 
  he always warned me that if the world did n't keep an eye on germany , they would cause another world war . 
  as for me , i think no people on earth have ever taken responsibility like the german people . 
  i also studied in europe , and met many nice german people . 
  i 've met even more nice german people here in nyc . 
  i think you guys are very , very trustworthy and responsible . 
  i just wish you guys trusted yourselves like many in the rest of the world do . 
  you guys smartly abhor nationalism , but you can trust yourselves to be an important actor in world affairs . 
  even if you had a strong military , i do not believe you would act irresponsibly ( like we do ) . 
  germany is leaving a huge power vacuum in europe , and i fear it will destabilize things . 
  it is unnatural for the country with the biggest population and economy on the continent to neuter itself for so long . 
  anyway , this jew trusts you guys , and hopes you become more involved in world affairs . 
  also , please do n't be so scared of inflation , europe is on the verge of a deflationary crisis . 
  if this happens , racism and fascism will rise , and minorities will suffer . 
  that is the opposite of everything germany wants . 
  please remember that germany itself became extremist after being economically punished . 
  doing the same to countries today will result in extremism again . 
  i hope this is n't rude , i 've had a few beers . 
  i 'm jewish , i eat tons of pork , and today had corned beef with cheese !, 
  maybe that is why we get along with them ... 
  in fact , many americans get really pissed at jews who leave for israel . 
  mostly france , unless you consider them southern . 
  what are the grounds for them disliking germany so much ? 
  their pacifism ? 
  economic policies ? 
  or just history . 
  i never have problems coming back to the us . 
  am i just lucky ? 
  dude , i can not believe people are giving you shit , assholes . 
  the most surprising think about that article is that he contemplates conflict with germany . 
  before isis , americans were being kidnapped less because the perpetrators knew they would not get money . 
  in most countries it is illegal to give money to a designated terrorist group , regardless of the reason . 
  i suppose the government could look the other way though . 
  that is also why these governments use intermediaries . 
  [ insert polish plumber joke here ], 
  i see more french bashing in this sub than any other . 
  i 've also see `` framce was our first friend , fuck england ! '', 
  when / r/murica is on / r/all . 
  americans bash the french mush less than they used to . 
  but of course there are idiots everywhere . 
  i guess i 'm kind of surprised an italian girl gave you so much shit . 
  ha , not that different from us in nyc . 
  but we get strange looks and offend people from the more conservative parts of the country . 
  hell , all of high school was spent making fun of each others mothers . 
  well you see , the tsars and supreme soviets , especially stalin , really looked out for the russian people and took great care of them . 
  thank eastern orthodox jesus that putin does the same . 
  is this guy right ? 
  `` fuck your mother '' is a compliment ??? 
  well , i 'm an old feller , and pretty settled into life here for now , but it could certainly be a place to retire to , or to spend summers at . 
  as long as i can bring my 1971 muscle car :-) thanks for that blog , will def check it out . 
   maybe you should move here if you like it that much . 
  :p i 'm guessing that there is not much of a market for a monolingual american lawyer . 
  well , it 's anecdotal , but it still means something . 
  in italy , russia and mexico for example , tourists are basically expected to bribe police or have problems . 
  i know many people that have experienced it . 
  maybe in croatia the police are not as good to croatians , i do n't know . 
  but as for the people themselves , no one tried to pull anything on me , i never felt like i was being taken advantage of . 
  and i saw a decent bit of the country , split , hvar , zagreb . 
  i 'm from nyc , i have have spider-senses about people trying to rip me off , and they did n't go off once in croatia . 
  in rome , it was the whole time !, 
  anyway , i had a great time . 
  since then , i 've met a whole bunch of bosnians who moved to the us as refugees , i think they are awesome . 
  just good people , never condescending or arrogant . 
  these are people who came here speaking no english and were very traumatized , and they done very , very well for themselves . 
  it 's impressive . 
  my wife and i are hoping to take a trip with our bosnian friend to sarajevo and the countryside around it , and then head to dubrovnik and ljubljana , and the beautiful parks in slovenia . 
  i 'm a big fan of the balkan peeps ( well croatians and bosnians anyway ) , and i 'd like if a bunch more moved here . 
  but maybe that is n't great for the countries they leave . 
  i 've spent time in croatia and italy . 
  italy seemed 1000x times more corrupt . 
  i lost my passport in split , so i had to deal with the police . 
  they were super nice to me , drove me around to get various stamps ( which cost 50 cents ) and helped me out with no problems . 
  we also stopped and helped push-start an old woman 's car which had stalled . 
  contrast this to italy , where my friend 's sister had her pocketbook stolen , with her passport in it . 
  the police insinuated that her day would be much quicker if she compensated them . 
  and besides that , everyone was trying to haggle with you on everything and rip you off . 
  i always read on this board that croatia is corrupt , but maybe that is just high level stuff like in most countries . 
  i did n't see any day to day corruption , and the people were honest and kind . 
  so it surprises me when people say this . 
  yes , the most prosperous , and most `` european , '' but they could still be very corrupt too . 
  but i guess the least corrupt ex-yugo . 
  just curious , is slovenia regarded as more corrupt than croatia ? 
  i do n't think the scottish understand the scottish . 
  which is a good thing if you ask me . 
  the borg assimilates all . 
  very well said . 
  roots are overrated my man . 
  what do you think causes so much conflict in the world ? 
  people with different roots who ca n't get along because they hold their `` culture '' as such a sacred thing . 
  just be a human being . 
  i 'm a complete mutt , i know a decent bit about my background , but i care about the future , not the past . 
  it 's a bit more of a drive , but vt has constitutional carry and no gun laws .
