  i 'm debating doing the same . 
  that does n't even sound possible, 
  that would be the best case scenario . 
  we will have to see what the greek people are able to endure . 
  i 'm not making judgments about if they deserve it or not , or who is right , and who is wrong , but to read that a member of the of the eu will have such punitive conditions imposed on it by the rest of the eu , to the extent that the other members of the eu will to provide that country with humanitarian aid , is absolutely shocking to me . 
  i wonder if rightists are going to act up . 
  yep : greece may get bailout and humanitarian aid international observers have been telling us today that the package is likely to be so punitive that humanitarian aid can not be ruled out . 
  eu president jean claude juncker had mentioned humanitarian aid as part of the `` detailed grexit scenario '' plans creditors had drawn up . 
  eu diplomats based in athens said some form of assistance is likely to be given even if am agreement between greece its creditors is reached . 
  syriza mps have been telling our helena smith that the big no received in the referendum on sunday was a `` confidence vote '' in tsipras who like no other prime minister before now has the popular support to enforce such punitive measures . 
  that is not how the far far left ( or indeed the far left in syriza ) see things . 
  strikes , rallies and protests should be expected in weeks ahead . 
  oh , i see , auschwitz was n't part of a genocide , it was just a million people being killed , and there were still jews elsewhere , so def not part of a larger genocide . 
  you make no sense , and you obviously did n't read that link . 
  so testy , that kind of bad temper has n't been serving your part of the world very well for a very long time . 
  so you are telling me that killing all the men in a town , and busing all the woman and children out of the town so that no one from their group remains is not genocide ? 
  not even when it was a component of a larger campaign to remove a people from large areas ? 
  is it better to say ethnic cleansing or something ? 
  i do n't even understand the point you are trying to make . 
  before it was `` do n't make probloems for us with this un resolution , '' which ok , i can understand . 
  now you are saying it was n't genocide ? 
  why did n't you say that the first time . 
  here , read this : http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/genocide, 
  well their houses were burnt down , and there was n't much to go back to . 
  a large amount of people from srebernica ended up here , and i do n't blame them . 
  and they definitely do n't feel like they betrayed bosnia , they came here as children not even speaking english , and they are doing great for themselves . 
  but they do know what is going on back there , because they still have family in other parts of bosnia , and they go a few times a year . 
  and yes , i hear there is a lot of frictions between the diaspora and the folks at home , though from what i heard it is mostly economic . 
  i 've also heard about serbs/croats/bosnians in chicago getting into fights , because they are still fighting the war over here , which is insane . 
  all their children will just be regular old americans , and the fighting will stop . 
  your analogy is laughable . 
  you know the us worked with the south viet namese , and we were doing it for geopolitical reasons . 
  does n't mean it was right , it does mean it was not genocide . 
  the others are geopolitical as well , though somalia was an odd choice of you to pick . 
  every war is not going into a town , rounding up the men and killing them . 
  i 've been to croatia , i have many bosnian friends , i think balkan people are some of the nicest people around . 
  i especially like how hard the ones who moved here work , and how they are contributing to the country . 
  it 's terrible how they ended up here , but we are very lucky to have them . 
  i do n't know what to tell you about every one hating each other over there , and a lot of other places in europe as well . 
  i ca n't do anything about it , but i do n't think it 's wrong to call a ethnically motivated massacre a genocide . 
  uh , these people are n't nationalists , one is engaged to a serb ( though his mother , who was raped by bosnian serbs in srebernica is n't thrilled about it ) . 
  they are all now american citizens because germany only let them stay a few years , and they have no intention of living anywhere else . 
  they are very americanized . 
  they think nationalism is evil and caused the war , but they want the massacre of their family members recognized as a genocide . 
  when you go somewhere and kill based up ethnicity , that is genocide . 
  it certainly was n't a legitimate military action . 
  and no , i have no friends in iraq or afghanistan . 
  wow . 
  thank you for that . 
  my friend who survived the massacre , but lost a lost of family , and her mother was raped , posted something on fb about the us and uk letting it happen . 
  i figured she was spewing conspiracy stuff . 
  very informative . 
  i was n't aware that there were american hostages . 
   oh , i respect the greeks , just not the syriza dudes . 
  support for 70 % of the electorate is unfortunately easy to get for all the wrong reasons ... 
  this is true , and it 's scary . 
  portugal can not into paella ? 
  i 'd argue it 's the linguistic differences that matter more than `` cultural . '', 
  you may very well be very similar to folks from elsewhere , but if you can not interact with them , then it does n't really matter . 
  everyone loves nyc . 
  we have tons of things named for thadeus kosciuszko and casimir pulaski . 
   you do know it was recently leaked that the uk , france and the us conspired to let srebrenica fall ? 
  i know france ignored dutch calls for air support . 
  what else has come out ? 
  i drank a strong bow in london in '98 and got called a poof . 
  it 's been big for awhile here in ny . 
  some very good dry ciders from the adirondacks . 
  do n't say it in front of a new yoker either . 
  every country has idiots , but 97 % of them would not defend slavery . 
  dear god . 
  when nato disbands , we 'll recognize it . 
  my bosnian friends from srebrenica care , and that is enough for me . 
  i 've met bosnians from srebrenica who said americans started the war . 
  btw , they are n't fans of the dutch . 
  we also do n't deny it was wrong . 
  oh no , when will serbia ever get in the ez now . 
  will you stay in greece if things go very bad ? 
  divide gdp by 365 , and multiply it by .45 . 
  ( i just made that up , but maybe it works ), 
  no , no , i 'll just hold them , like the ny fed holds germoney 's gold . 
  mail me all your euros , i 'll hold them for you . 
  nyse trading halted . 
  did they get some kind of memo ??? 
  german anger is becoming more understandable . 
  mr. bittner has been a political editor at the german weekly newspaper die zeit since 2001 . 
  not nice . 
  the gas is probably diluted , the pump is probably rigged to cheat you , and then , no one checks the receipts !, 
  that is insanity . 
  if there is any product that is easy to track , it would be gas , because it is measured precisely . 
  the reason it works so well here is that there is no formula . 
  the money automatically goes where it is needed . 
  if california has 2 % unemployment , the federal government sends less money there because less people apply for benefits . 
  if rhode island has 20 % unemployment , the money flows there automatically . 
  yet many folks from those contentious situations delude themselves about european unity in this sub . 
  from an outsiders perspective , it 's quite puzzling . 
  no denying that . 
  how do you say say `` snitches get stitches '' in greek ? 
  we would n't know that ( unless you live in europe ) . 
  i stand with you , my fellow / r/europe abuse victim . 
  ;-) btw , i see more abuse coming from eastern europeans and italians than from germans .
