  mets/marlins tied at 8 in the top of the 13th btw . 
  almost all of them are from srebrenica, 
  i 'm closer to 1.75 : - /, 
  short enough , but not / r/short short . 
  ukraine is weak, 
  watch out , you would n't like bitch slaves when they get angry . 
  diesel is taxed lower in europe . 
  why ca n't it be controlled ? 
  luckily loretta lynch got blatter the fuck out of there , disgrace . 
  they are important , but not so much to ford . 
  there are plug in parking spots all over by me , tons of tesla and some others . 
  or maybe tesla . 
  look up the challenger demon . 
  ford has plenty of powerful options , the only people who would complain are in their 70s . 
  and i say this as a person who owns a classic buick with a 7.5 liter , and another one with a 5.7 liter . 
  that muslim bastard obama stole my gold !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we have fiesta st , focus st/rs , mustang 5.0 , fusion sport twin turbo and plenty of other fast fords , and v6 options for most of the lineup . 
  only people bitching are old people who do n't get it . 
  not true anymore . 
  fiesta , mustang , focus , mondeo/fusion are all global cars . 
  almost all the bosnian women i know are taller than me . 
  but polandball told me the are stabby with knives and broken bottles . 
  indians are doing great here too :-d, 
  hindus got beef with beef . 
  bro , you might feel better if you left georgia . 
  goddammit , making us jews look bad . 
  yeah , but roof koreans are still the most badass . 
  plenty of indians at met games :-), 
  umm , not too many americans move out of the country for good , not even to canada . 
   and nothing wrong with restricting entry to those schools based on religion meh , i find that pretty bad . 
  non-catholics ( and even non-christians ) attend catholic schools in the us because they are good schools . 
  these schools probably do have the constitutional right to religiously discriminate ( if they do not get government money ) , but i 've never heard of them doing it . 
  of course all the students are required to get a catholic education and sit through prayers , etc. 
  i understand that i 'm bringing my american baggage with me , and far from me to insist that there be no religion in a school in another country , but i do n't think discriminatory public school admissions compatible are compatible with western democracy . 
  bigtime , especially korea and japan . 
  well , certainly asia and europe . 
  i do n't think it 's a new world thing . 
  let me clarify ; catholic schools in and of themselves are fine in my opinion . 
  however , when it 's funded by the government , and is your public school system , i think it 's horrific/insane for anyone to be discriminated against for admission . 
  at this point , non-catholic people would have to deal with the catholic education , and i would hope that with some time , the schools would be completely secular , even if it 's many years away . 
  and of course if people wanted to continue with religious schools , something analogous to the publicly funded vouchers that some southern states in the us use could also be enacted . 
  that 's still horrific . 
  you might laugh , but i think it 's great that smaller and not filthy rich countries are living up to their word . 
  then we have rich , large countries that do n't give a fuck . 
  now that 's some wacky architecture . 
   in my mind he 's somehow simultaneously an ignorant hillbilly and a businessman manipulator so clever he ... meme 'd himself into the white house . 
  that 's fucking brilliant . 
   but it 's hard to ignore presidents of the usa . 
  yeah , but for the sake of my mental health , i 'm trying . 
  i missed the irony of the comment . 
   second , suburbs are crimes in themselves . 
  this is n't paris . 
  guess i never thought of it . 
  i find it surprising that upperclass people are shooting each other , most people i know live in very nice suburbs , and there is no crime . 
  i 'm in hte nyc area , maybe it 's different elsewhere , but i find it hard to believe . 
  i 'm sure they shoot each other more than europeans , but it 's probably still quite rare . 
  do you recall where you read that ? 
  see , this is why americans think you all wear monocles . 
  does that make any problems for them in public ? 
  complete opposite here . 
  i can go to a store , buy a long gun in about 10 minutes . 
  you fill out a form , and take the gun home . 
   it 's very popular in russia to view russian culture as superior to other , especially american culture . 
  welp , i guess we can end the whole `` is russia european '' debate . 
  obviously yes . 
  there have been studies that included income ? 
  i was pretty much the only jewish kid where i grew up , i ca n't imagine not being able to go to the local school bc i was n't baptized . 
  i hope you guys are able to get rid of this soon , obviously your country has moved beyond this . 
  new york is restrictive , but they leave a lot of the authority to the county you live in . 
  my county ( nyc ` burbs ) is very anti-gun , and has been for a very long time . 
  if i lived in a rural county upstate , it would be a very easy process , and i would be issued a carry . 
  nyc ( where i work ) is very restrictive , and it 's basically impossible to bring a handgun to here , so even if i got a carry for the rest of the state , i could n't bring it to work . 
  honestly , i 'm getting one for going to the range , and possibly joining a shooting league , not self defense . 
  there is quite literally no crime where i live , and i already have a shotgun ( and a bunch of rifles ) if i needed home defense . 
  as it is , i keep my guns away and unloaded . 
  but i hate how the police make it so hard , i had to get 4 people to sign a bunch of documents saying i 'm not insane , and i moved during the process , so they would n't accept my initial paperwork . 
  assholes . 
   so they use this as a means of deciding who does n't get a place . 
  that 's so fucked up . 
  i saw one of your later replies about working in a bar , etc. 
  i did n't realize that was an option in lithuania . 
  i could never get a carry , i 'm at the end of a 2 year process of tests and investigations in order to get a handgun for target shooting and possibly for wilderness camping due to bears/coyotes . 
  such a pain in the ass , my county sucks . 
  you carry ? 
  na , no shooting . 
  how do you know they are in the edl ? 
  yeah , australia, 
  if we end up getting the word cup with mexico and canada , i 'd absolutely love to see english hooligans act up . 
  i like the little fella 's sideways baseball cap . 
  i hear ya . 
  i honestly like the landscape and architecture posts , but then it got a little out of hand . 
  good call on the megathread . 
  now you just have to delete all the actor posts posts . 
  did israel move to europe ? 
  does it affect attitudes towards the spanish people ? 
  ** navy defector seeks allies ** ten ukrainian military and naval bases in crimea are currently blocked by armed men , the newly appointed naval commander of ukraine , rear admiral serhei gayduk , told a ukrainian tv station . 
  his predecessor , denis berezovsky , who on sunday said he would not submit to orders from kiev and defected , was said to have entered the ukrainian naval base in crimea under the protection of a group of cossacks and tried to convince other ukrainian officers to defect . 
  however , gayduk was at the base and urged officers to maintain their allegiance to ukraine , the defense ministry 's seleznev told cnn . 
  ** troops responded by singing the ukrainian national anthem .
