  he 's going to win , even just for the sake of change, 
  i work a block from this building https://www.flickr.com/photos/m81p/12695530453 i 'm very grateful to the dutch , you guys are the reason nyc is what it is today . 
  the city is based on commerce and tolerance , because that is what the dutch believed in . 
  philadelphia was settled by the quakers , boston by the puritans , baltimore by the catholics , and new york by merchants . 
  also , the dutch west indies company enforced religious tolerance , even for jews . 
  and as a person from a jewish family that moved here in the late 1800s , the dutch played a part in that . 
  so as a dutchy , and the son of an american serviceman , if you and your fam want a free tour guide or place to stay in ny one day , you guys got it ... 
  then i 'm sure you noticed the extra ones . 
  definitely . 
  i weigh 400 lbs and eat 72 hamburgers a day . 
  i learned it in countryball, 
  you like georgia huh ? 
  do you go to the rural parts ? 
  i 'm a ny'er , and going to the south is a bit of culture shock to me , with all the religious stuff everywhere . 
  nice people though . 
  have you ever visited new amsterdam ? 
  i did not say there was a picture/bust of an american at no . 
  10 , i 'm saying i would not rule it out of hand , but i do n't have time to research it right now . 
  while i 'm sure trump did do the opposite of obama , there have been churchill busts around the wh for a long time . 
   my dad is african-american oh nice , do you have american citizenship ? 
  yes , trump has been horribly offensive , no doubt about that , but i feel that even he would not issue a letter telling people how to behave . 
  the netherlands are a small country , and perhaps there is a `` dutch '' way of doing things that everyone knows , but that is n't how it is here . 
  so a letter telling people how to behave would be seen as a bridge too far , and then having it directed to certain groups would be doing an old saying that has terrible connotations , `` love it , or leave it . '', 
  also , the motivation is to appeal to populists , which seems a bit disingenuous and pandering . 
  did rutte make any comments like that before ? 
  all i 'm saying is i would not rule it as out of the realm of possibility . 
  quebec city is the oldest walled city in north america , right ? 
  looks awesome . 
  i actually would n't doubt they have busts or whatever for americans , there are all kinds tributes to eisenhower , fdr in places like westminster abbey and st. pauls . 
  i had actually read about it in the british press . 
  did obama actually have anti british tendencies ? 
   they 're in a fucked up situation : they 're culturally american as it gets , yet they 're hardly noticed by americans . 
  i honestly can never tell when i 'm dealing with an enlgish canadian unless they say `` aboot '' or `` toque . '', 
  we actually get a decent bit of canadian programming for reality type shows , and i always think they are in minnesota or something , and it turns out to be alberta or ontario . 
  happens when i meet people too sometimes . 
  they probably hate that , lol . 
  yeah , i figured you 'd rather be your own country . 
  i love montreal , it 's like going to europe with only a few hours drive . 
  dying to check out quebec city . 
  horrible title , i know . 
  he saw him a few times , but i thought it was in his father 's writings , and what was told to him by his family . 
  might not be true though . 
  70 % in the rest of canada ~ !, 
  i wonder how much of that is based on being `` not ` murica , '' as you mentioned before . 
  want to join ny state ? 
  we love quebec . 
  ha , i can roughly pronounce it . 
  i was n't trying to insinuate that the netherlands are some kind of racist trashpit , however , something like this letter would be beyond the pale for us . 
  we do n't have a `` normal '' that people must be , just do n't break the law , and work hard . 
  i personally can not grasp how it 's desirable to have your head of state have nothing to do with you and so far away ... less of that loyalist stuff in qc , no ? 
   i do n't know a single celebrity slovene though one is married to an orange person . 
  i know i can not pronounce ljubljana , that the stereotype is that they like to be italians more than slavs , melania , and lake bled . 
  so that is where putin got the idea from . 
  yeah , those are the ones who get annoyed if you make comments about the queen . 
  i read the translation that posted in / r/europe ... 
  drunk aussies hate everyone . 
  meh , the author is just salty about the armada and 1898 . 
  you do understand that i made no comments about how people are treated over there until you brought up the muslims in the us for no reason , right ? 
  i was replying to the german fella who said it was going to be bad for jews in the us . 
  look , if you want to pick healthcare or something like that to criticize the us , go right ahead , but glass houses and all that with being tolerant . 
  just ask the pope if you do n't want to take my word for it . 
  yes , i wish we could be as tolerant to muslims as europe . 
  i could n't believe it yesterday when trump sent a letter to the entire country that strongly hinted that if muslims could n't start acting `` normal , '' they should leave the country . 
  you are n't wrong , obama [ allegedly ] had a grudge against the british empire , ~ ~ taught to him by his father ~ ~ . 
  trump brought churchill 's bust back to the oval office . 
  regardless of brexit , trump and whatever else , i hope our countries get closer . 
  bffs !, 
  they get touchy about that , careful !, 
  uh , people here are n't looking to blame jews besides some extremists . 
  if there was going to be some massive wave of antisemitism , it would have happened after 2008 . 
  my understanding is that lock delivery drivers will still be needed , but not long haul drivers so much . 
  i think trump is aware of the `` onshoring '' trend , and is able to capitalize on it . 
  100 jobs is better than 0 jobs . 
  also , there were tons of interviews with rust belt voters after he won , almost all of them conceded that tons of blue collar jobs are not coming back , but they are still against unrestricted free trade . 
  the book . 
  it 's not that interesting , canada and the uk are our bestest friends . 
  seems more like 1984 than the dark ages to me . 
  absolutely , but head of state has a very particular definition . 
  he could make a return to sanity , he has nothing to lose . 
  sorry to be annoying , but merkel is not the head of state . 
  i think the republicans will tire of him , and realize how much easier pence would be to deal with . 
  maybe i 'm grasping at straws , but i hope he resigns or is impeached soon . 
  uk and us have powerful militaries , if you are worried about russia , it makes sense to favor them . 
  that might change after putin and trump cuddle in public . 
  the american people have given up on it too . 
  [ pretty good ] ( https://media.tenor.co/images/9d05386b8d8ad72fabb9811d83b2ecc6/raw ), 
  yup , fantastic is a trump word . 
   it 's important to note that in english a mildly positive expression is meant negative are you talking about typical `` english understatement ? '', 
  that 's more a uk thing , than american english , but yes , i 've always heard the dutch are direct . 
  so basically the pm is saying that the netherlands is a great/fantastic country ? 
  makes more sense than cool . 
  thx for the info . 
  thanks for translating . 
  he is saying the netherlands are `` cool ? '', 
  does that have a different meaning that in colloquial english ? 
  yes she did . 
  hmm , sounds familiar to me . 
  wow , this was constructive and informative . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
  we had worse discrimination against black people , with legal segregation into the 60s .
