  i 've been on new jersey trains , and it was very quiet too . 
  i would n't even try to guess if other commuter trains in the country are quiet . 
  unless you meant it is strange that people are quiet on the commuter train , but not the subway . 
  i 'm never on an above ground subway , so i 'm not sure what the story is . 
  but basically , if you are going to tell someone what to do on the subway , you have to be prepared to back it up . 
  dear everyone , thanks for mostly behaving when you visit nyc . 
  but , spaniards , why do you always block me from walking out of work ? 
  i know , you see the building on tv and all , but come on . 
  you look so excited though , so i wo n't push you . 
  wrong bruh http://www.otisworldwide.com/d1-about.html, 
  i 'm going to a wedding in ireland next week , and i 'm picking up my english friend at the airport in dublin when his flight gets in from cyprus . 
  when he told me he was going to cyprus i imagined some high class resort . 
  you 're saying he will be surrounded by the dregs of his nation ? 
  if you really need to talk , you get up and go speak by the doors . 
  this is coming in from the suburbs , it is n't the subway , it 's very civilized . 
  sobieski might be the only polish wodka i ever had . 
  it was good , you are right , clean and simple . 
  i got the potato one . 
  i have had some amazing russian vodka though ... 
  no , sorry . 
  i think you owe us all an apology . 
  in my whole life , i never met anyone who does n't like tetris . 
  that is n't romantic at all . 
  things worked out pretty well for us over here . 
  my commuter train ( metro-north , local commuting from the north of nyc , not regional like amtrak ) does have quiet cars , where you ca n't even do the 30 second thing . 
  but i do n't need to sit there because my car is quiet too . 
  people on the long island railroad are known to talk on the phone , because they are animals . 
  yeah , that is the subway , you can do whatever you want on a subway until someone stops you . 
  i 'm talking about my train in from the suburbs , it is quieter than a library . 
  best part of my day !, 
  i take the subway to work every day too , but only underground , so no phone calls . 
  has every swede been to nyc ? 
  so many here !, 
  nice peeps though !, 
  if you talk on your phone for more than one minute on my commuter train , you will be shushed . 
  if any of you have to listen to that for the whole ride , i feel bad for you !, 
  kiwis are much nicer ... 
  i 'm from ( and still live in ) the nyc area . 
  :-) within a two hour drive is amazing countryside and farms with barns from the early 1800s . 
  new england is especially amazing , maine might be my favorite place on earth . 
  one of the great things about the us is that we have every type of climate and landscape . 
  i 've paddled the grand canyon , climbed the highest mountain in the lower 48 , been to the temperate rain forests in washington , swam in the pacific and atlantic and the great lakes , hung out in chesapeake bay , been all over colorado , and have hiked almost everywhere in the northeast . 
  if you like the outdoors , it 's heaven . 
  and i will probably never get to see it all . 
  dying to go to alaska and hawaii . 
  i looked up that movie , it looks fucked up !!!, 
  @ i 'm surprised that did n't scare you off !, 
  it is n't common to see drugs like that , southern appalachia has some of the worst of it . 
  my in-laws are from upstate ny , in a post-industrial depressed area , which supposedly has a lot of drugs , but if you do n't go look for it , you would n't know it . 
  not a lot of violent crime , but a lot of drug arrests . 
  here is a nice pic for you from arkansas https://i.imgur.com/wg1swh2.jpg also , i love that i live somewhere that i can have a 7.5 liter tire melting muscle car for a toy . 
  europe has some great landscapes too of course . 
  heading to ireland in a week and a half , ca n't wait !!, 
  if you wanted to stereotype that about some western european , that makes sense . 
  italy/france had viable communist parties , and a lot of these folks had problems with the us . 
  some of these folks are in this sub , and love to talk about how the ussr won the war . 
  but here , we banned the communist party , put `` in god we trust '' on our money and in our courtrooms . 
  added `` under god '' to the pledge of allegiance , and had mccarthyism and all that . 
  socialism is still a dirty word here . 
  none of this was really good , but it was pretty damn anti commie/stalin . 
  so that stereotype is not applicable to the us at all . 
  the weird thing is that they were n't very religious or anything , just conservative . 
  they did n't really go to church , and the mother got in a fight with the priest , who would n't let her name her daughter what she wanted to !!!, 
  they also did n't care that i was jewish . 
  but yeah , they still might not have been very fun !, 
  sometimes i feel guilty that my family all left vienna/prussia/poland / russia . 
  we really should have stayed and sacrificed ourselves for the cause of european unity . 
  they were so selfish . 
  no problem !, 
  in general , our immigration law is ok , but i see no reason why we should be so strict with college graduates who speak fluent english , and have some assets . 
  i want is to get all the hard working , intelligent people we can . 
  things are tough for a lot of young people in europe , and they could do well here . 
  i too sub to / r/financialindependence . 
  however , i have a problem with spending money on old muscle cars . 
  i would get banned from that sub if they knew how much i just spent rebuilding my engine . 
  :-( if you want to ask anymore questions , my friend 's cousin does some immigration law . 
  let me know if you want me to get his contact info . 
  btw , have you visited us ? 
  i think they are mad that we did n't hate him as much as they did . 
  i think over there hitler/stalin are looked at as equally bad , while here , we really focused on hitler more . 
  we certainly opposed the ussr after the war though . 
  if you look at my comments , i had a debate with some folks about why we did n't attack russia after germany surrendered . 
  it is not a naive question at all !!, 
  i believe that as far as older folks go , it might be a little tough , because you are theoretically at high risk of ending up on public assistance ( even though it does n't sound like that would happen with you ) . 
  i know there is an exception for folks who invest in a business venture here , though it might be like a $ 1m minimum . 
  the other question is , besides liquid assets , will you also have a source of income from a pension or the like ? 
  our immigration laws have gotten stupidly strict unfortunately . 
  anyway , these folks here could probably help you more : https://www.reddit.com/r/iwantout/, 
  not that i do n't blame them , but i do n't think some eastern euro folks have an accurate understanding on how americans/western euros think about the ussr . 
  i do n't have a single bad thing to sat about her , but 24 was too young to get married . 
  but man were her parents freaking out . 
  they got mad that we went to california together and stayed in the same hotel room . 
  when her bro visited us in nyc , he almost refused to come up to my apt . 
  because she was staying in my room at the time !, 
  my friend 's wife from barcelona said that this is n't standard , and that her family must have been really conservative . 
  she was from a very traditional family , and basically treated me like god . 
  :-( and she was really hot , that was nice too . 
  oh , really good cook also . 
  and smart . 
  i hope my wife does n't know my name on here .
