  europe is fading away , is n't it ? 
  it 's not the actual functionality i 'm talking about , i 've seen in / r/unitedkingdom that it was politically impossible for mps to oppose it . 
  am i understanding that correctly ? 
  this should n't be news in our country , much less bothering / r/europe about it . 
  not to mention that the marshall aid was used to rebiuld the country , and the greek bailouts were to pay existing debt . 
  no sense in comparing . 
  all of europe will be in deep shit , that is the problem . 
  confidence in the entire eu project will be severely hurt . 
  it may very well be a turning point in history . 
  between migration , greece , and the uk referendum , things are swell ~ !, 
  because faith in the eu and the euro will never recover . 
  people will always be looking for the next domino , and even if it never falls , it will hamper growth . 
  just like we in the us are stuck pouring money into states like mississippi , if the eu wants to be thought of as a permanent entity , it should support greece . 
  you would n't be doing it for the greeks , you would be doing it for europe . 
  the uk is the best at `` think of the children !! '', 
  porn filter and whatnot . 
  i did n't . 
  that looks like a cool hike !, 
  i will look into it . 
  thx !, 
  yeah , everyone says galway is great , guess we 'll have to check it out . 
  as far as the wedding , it 's actually a couple from england and all their friends and family from england , and a few relatives from ireland . 
  i expect a lot of drinking . 
  they are having a bbq the day after the wedding , i wonder how the food will be . 
  very cool . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , where are you located ( generally ) ? 
  i visited dublin in ' 98 , and this time i want to see rural ireland . 
  any recommendations of where we should go ? 
  we are renting a car and heading towards the west coast . 
  in 1999 i did a paper on echelon for undergrad . 
  people who were paying attention knew . 
  i can tell you right now that a lot of americans would love the idea of a `` working vacation '' in rural ireland . 
  you could probably get people to pay to work for you !!, 
  i 'm actually going to a wedding in ireland this summer , if you have something set up by august , let me know !, 
  ah , well i 'm sure it was very helpful that your father owned a farm , but i still say it takes balls to do what you did . 
  i would like to do the same , and very likely could do so in upstate ny , but i would have to make a lot of adjustments and save for a few years . 
  maybe one day . 
  very cool . 
  i wish i had the balls to do that . 
  when i was a few years younger than you , my gf got pregnant , and she did not keep it . 
  was not the end of the world . 
  i 'm not your bruh , bro . 
  brb , leaving for the netherlands , where i will be cool . 
  i understand what you are saying , but when you are working with a european government , and they want to do something a certain way , and you can make a lot of money , do it . 
  in retrospect , maybe it is n't so different , but it was n't like they were helping some nigerian governor convert state oil money into his own . 
  i despise gs , but you ca n't get too upset with them on this . 
  all they did was swap dollars for euros , it is n't their fault that greece did n't count foreign reserves as liabilities . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but people who own the land that is fracked do not get any money , right ? 
  so why would they want it ? 
  here , people get paid a percentage of what is drilled on their land . 
  granted , ny is n't going to let fracking , but in other states people have an incentive to allow it . 
  ah , i plan on buying ivv , because i get free trades with fidelity . 
  you could also do spx . 
  when the news comes out , and the market tanks , buy asap . 
  i 've been here the whole time . 
  since 2008 i 've actually had a cash position ready to dump into the s&p 500 on a greek default . 
  buy when there is blood in the streets !, 
  it could very well be a massive economic mess . 
  that it 's muuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrdaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh, 
  besides some minor spelling differences , i do n't see how it could really matter what accent you are taught . 
  very few people get to such a level of proficiency that they get an american or english accent , they usually just sound like a non-native speaker . 
  yeah , i think it 's a dangerous situation , and people are being a bit shortsighted . 
  feels like 1914 to me , people stubbornly walking into a horrible situation that could be avoided . 
  also , if it 's a huge mess , might push more brits to vote no to the eu . 
  we actually speak more like the british did in the late 1700s , and then they went and got all fancy and became a rhotic language . 
  make sure to be rubbing your crotch while licking , it is rude not to . 
  those warm nordic folks !, 
  what about a friend 's wife that you have known for years ? 
  that sounds very stressful . 
  aww, 
  `` who the fuck is this guy ? '', 
  haha , that 's great . 
  you could have a whole movie about small social misunderstandings like that . 
  here in the nyc area i do kiss my friends wives hello , but i find it annoying . 
  if i kissed a guy hello , the music would stop in the room . 
  would a male in alsace get annoyed if another male from marseille tried to kiss him ? 
  not nice . 
  well that is n't very nice of them . 
  the french president is a prince ? 
  that is n't very republican . 
  they prefer `` special '' these days , no more slow . 
  they remind me of basement dwelling 15 year old americans who are always asking how to move to sweden . 
  have some dignity !!, 
  ( just jokes ), 
  de gaulle did not want the uk in the eu ( eec or whatever ) , so yeah , nigel thinks he was right . 
  then france, 
  switzerland gets a lot of hate , but its in the news less . 
  you mean i have to have well grounded reasons for hating large groups of people ? 
  i 've been doing this all wrong !, 
  diaspora 'd confirmed . 
  they could move to hungary if they wanted to now . 
  yup , my buddy 's dad escaped budapest in ' 56 , and he brings it up !, 
  just makes me question the guy if he is supposedly for free speech . 
  seems a bit selective . 
  uh , no . 
  those folks are pushing for discrimination against people who were born in the same country as them . 
  it 's worse . 
  no , it 's true , my friend had three marihuanas and died . 
  maybe he should feed her then . 
  he calls for free speech , but also for the koran to be banned .
