  i did n't even know he was fapping . 
  basically . 
  it did traumatize my wife a bit , was n't really a good thing . 
  it would have to be immediate incitement to violence in order to be illegal here . 
  none of the floats would fall under that category , unless someone was standing on them and organizing a mob . 
  probably the case in every major city . 
  i know my wife got to see a nice fella fap on the subway . 
  they 've always been good at that . 
  they give spain and italy a run for the money . 
  it 's kept their borrowing costs down . 
  and i agree . 
  one thing i had forgotten was that france forced germany onto the euro as a condition of reunification . 
  that 's just a bad place to start from , and make germany 's attitude to all this a bit more reasonable in my opinion . 
  the dm was great , not like germany needed the euro . 
  i 'm not bragging , i 'm making a statement . 
  but it looks like i 'm advocating for a federal europe again , and that has been beaten to death , has n't it ? 
  that makes germany 's actions more understandable in my opinion . 
  were n't they forced into the euro by france , as a condition of reunification ? 
  yup , you guys are a federal republic like us . 
  are you transfers automatic like ours , or from one region to another like in belgium/canada ? 
  edit : i am aware there were specific payments from west to east as part of reunification . 
   there really is no mathematical certainity like that in economics . 
  yes there is . 
  if i make $ 20k a year , and have to pay off $ 1m in five years , i ca n't pay it . 
  it 's impossible . 
  as for the grexit objective , that is true . 
  after the revolutionary war , the federal government assumed all the state debts to promote unity and creditworthiness of the new country . 
  some version of that ( not only relying on germany ) could be done via eurobonds . 
   i highly doubt that ny would randomly decide to send a hundred million dollars to some state in the south just because they had a good year . 
  wrong . 
  let 's say wall street has an amazing year , and all the bankers get huge bonuses , they get taxed federally and those taxes go to poor people all over the country , including the south . 
  but i guess that is how it works in a fiscal union . 
  it should be noted that we do not have transfer payments like from flanders to wallonia , or alberta to quebec . 
  it 's all automatic , which results in much less tension . 
  hopefully you guys wo n't need a civil war like us . 
  100 % correct !!!, 
  there are a lot of vested interests in the way of that though . 
  monetary distribution via sovereign debt issuance is not going to work for so much longer in my opinion . 
  if it is kept , there will be a shitshow . 
  there should be a two tier ez . 
  well , that is often a critique you hear about their leaders . 
  and they are just as harsh with the austerity towards the weak ez members , right ? 
  i got out of the market in 2007 :-d !!, 
  and then i waited too long to get back in :-(, 
  i do n't have much interaction with germans besides on this sub ; why do you think they know less about economic matters than other people ? 
  what do n't they understand ? 
  i see them looking at sovereign debt like it 's household debt , but that is a mistake a lot of people make . 
  good point . 
  do you think there will need to be a bailout ? 
  not good for germany if vw and bd are in shambles ... 
  it works better on this sub when you walk them to that conclusion instead of just stating it . 
  :-) but yeah , ny has been sending tax dollars to the south since reconstruction , and it 's not like anyone is even aware of that . 
  you know , because we think of ourselves as one country . 
  it 's not just the average german , very little of the population of any developed country has any idea how the modern economy and monetary system work . 
  that being said , due to their history , germans have an inordinate fear of debt . 
  understandable i suppose . 
  i 'll take this info like when my brother assured me lehman was fine because the ceo sent out an email just like this . 
  to ensure the future of the ez and for the solidarity of the eu , yes . 
  is n't it a mathematical certainty that the greeks will not be able to pay when the current deal needs to be rolled over ? 
  thanks !, 
  those german business pay taxes on all their profits , right ? 
  that money could be used . 
  but you are right , a trade surplus is not a budget surplus . 
  sure . 
  with less people to spend money , the money just sits there . 
   the velocity of money is the frequency at which one unit of currency is used to purchase domestically - produced goods and services within a given time period . 
  in other words , it is the number of times one dollar is spent to buy goods and services per unit of time . 
  so you have central banks and `` zombie banks '' and other financial institutions buying up all these bonds , and they just sit there paying .01 % . 
  with lesxs people the banks make less loans , less people buy less stuff , so fewer things are manufactured . 
  it 's all about decreasing aggregate demand . 
  qe is like revving the engine in neutral so it does n't shut down , but you do n't really get anywhere . 
  our system can not handle even flat aggregate demand . 
  i could swear they tried something like that in europe once . 
  some places in the us too ... 
  you have it backwards . 
  the humans were not paying the taxes , so they were designated for extermination . 
  that is a pretty awesome deal . 
  in fact the problems would be much worse without qe . 
  i think the no inflation bit is due to flat population growth . 
  look at japan , printing trillions of yen , i think they are near 200 % gdp debt , and still deflation . 
  our entire monetary system has to evolve to take into account stagnant/shrinking populations . 
  otherwise it will collapse . 
  the red army . 
  it will get there soon . 
  a trade surplus works anyway you want it to work . 
  not to mention many ez countries are now borrowing at negative rates , which makes it a great time to borrow and use that money to help greece . 
  those panels exist and are on the market now . 
  my english friend works for a scottish company that produces solar panels that can work in cloudy areas . 
  it 's already here . 
  or maybe get paid to borrow money for greek debt relief ? 
  that 's great , they can use some of that surplus for greek debt relief . 
  i lived in london during that period . 
  ate no beef for months . 
  i 'm old bruh . 
  that 's a great beer , everything from glbc is . 
  one of my favorite beers : https://www.greatlakesbrewing.com/burning-river, 
  last year the city of baltimore had 48.97 per 100,000 residents murder rate . 
  pretty much a warzone . 
  the url does n't make sense , but here you go : http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/11/18/456386381/america-s-test-kitchen-founder-chris-kimball-will-leave-show, 
  what 's wrong with vitamin pb ?
