  i would n't say multiculturalism in nyc is limited to food though . 
  you actually interact with people from all over the world every day . 
  what percentage of these people are from former french colonies of northern africa ? 
  and where can i find info on immigration policies in the eu ? 
  is the eu literally letting tons of these people in , or is it a few countries doing so , and then these people have the right to live anywhere in the eu ? 
  you are a bitter little fella , huh ? 
  no one else is getting upset about a little humor . 
  northern nm is snow and mountains , southern nm is desert ... 
  look my friend , we have n't abandoned our heritage like you . 
  ( do n't worry , i wo n't tell anybody about your use of mph ), 
  i was originally going with 10c , but even they would not claim it 's cold . 
  so i went down 8 . 
  that is 44f i believe . 
  poor mexico :-(, 
  whoa , chill brah . 
  sick burn on that other comment though . 
  you guys think 8c is cold , it does n't take much . 
  actually , it 's a swastika with some strategic red paint applied ... ( sorry ), 
  dammit , i thought it would have been mu fookin fleg . 
  is that scottish ? 
  i do n't think the northern irish would like that , they would feel very left out . 
  i was responding to the claim that europe should be just like canada , and that just is n't possible because of historical realities . 
  but i do n't disagree with you at all . 
  quite frankly , i think a huge portion of the european project is crazy , you have all these unaccountable entities passing all kinds or regulations on meaningless minutia . 
  for example , [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10076201/eu-drops-olive-oil-jug-ban-after-public-outcry.html ) . 
  but as a person with american flair , i can not make such statements without being massively downvoted . 
  i 'm not sure why europeans want the eu to be anything other than free trade/free movement zone . 
  and if you are n't going to go as far integrating your national security apparatus , you are n't going to have much international credibility that makes all the internal meddling worth it . 
  and then you have a one currency with one interest rate tying the whole thing together , in widely disparate economies . 
  i do n't see how the current arrangement can work at all , but maybe mainstream parties will realize the people are unhappy , and start paying attention . 
  do n't preach to it me , preach it to far right voters . 
  they want nationalism . 
  no , it is n't the only indicator , i lived in the uk , and found it quite tolerant . 
  on mobile i see it 's portugal , could n't tell on the laptop . 
  maybe you guys should n't have been so mean to them about their accents . 
  i 'm not sure they are going to let you in . 
  as a mutt nyc ` er , and american , i could not agree with you more that multiculturalism is not a lie , and is actually a good thing . 
  but for people coming from ethno-nationalist countries , it appears it is a bitter pill to swallow . 
  which country is that ? 
  that is because canada is not an ethno-nationalist nation . 
  ethno-nationalism scares the living shit out of me , but we ca n't go and tell countries with thousands of years of history to forget about it . 
  it is n't a fair comparison . 
  i do n't think you can compare the uk to the rest of europe , for whatever reason , it is much more tolerant . 
  i say this as a person who lived in the uk , and traveled a decent bit of the continent . 
  do you know where i can find info on the eu immigration policy ? 
  from comments on reddit , it sounds like anyone can just walk on in . 
  you parents are right , this shit is scary . 
  centralized would be the word . 
  i 'm a victim of nothing , and you are paranoid . 
  i 'm just saying it is the lowest quality oil available , and takes tons of energy to produce . 
  but obviously i 'd rather have that than mideast or russian oil . 
  i 'm all for north american energy independence . 
  hell , i 'm for all types of na independence , we have a good thing going on here . 
  well , maybe not mexico so much ... 
  if it makes you feel any better , the tea party is dead . 
  american politics have taken just about no turns since bill clinton and the republican congress granted the banks every single thing they wanted . 
  bush continued with it , as did obama . 
  well i suppose we became more war mongering under bush , which obama has also continued . 
  great comment . 
  can confirm your country is not shitty , but tar sand oil is !, 
  perhaps it is for the audience at home . 
  they do n't have us by the balls . 
  `` if you owe the bank $ 100 that 's your problem . 
  if you owe the bank $ 100 million , that 's the bank 's problem . '', 
  i 'd love nothing more than to see the eu with a strong military . 
  i 'm not too sure about american redditors being all worried about china , but our government is def concerned . 
  now if you think about it , russia and china could be teaming up to weaken the us by forcing us away the `` pivot to the pacific '' by creating problems for us in europe , and in the pacific . 
  with russia 's recent aggression in the crimea , and increased belligerency , in general , it is making it harder for us to scale down in europe . 
  china has also been very belligerent with viet nam and japan over disputed islands/gas fields n the pacific . 
  so if these guys become bestest buddies , and start fucking around in europe and the pacific in a coordinated fashion , it is not going to be good for us . 
  we are also very concerned in asia about japan/korea developing nukes if they feel threatened by china . 
  they have the skill to have them ready in no time . 
  we are also obligated to defend these countries by treaty . 
  the us is going to need to make some decisions . 
  europe has the technical expertise to field a serious military ( as france , uk and germany already do ) , maybe if we pulled out of europe , countries could work out their problems in the face of a unified threat . 
  i really do n't know why we need to continue to occupy europe so long after edit : ~ ~ wwii ~ ~ the end of the cold war . 
  as for the pacific , i 'm not sure what we should do , it is a fluid situation . 
  but why would they ? 
  it makes sense for them to pump siberian gas right next door . 
  not to say there is n't some chance of a price dispute in the future , but it really helps russian to diversify its distribution . 
  this makes turning off the gas to europe ( by blaming ukraine for not paying ) much easier . 
  in the past , ukraine took the gas that flowed through its pipelines that was meant for other countries when russia cut them off . 
  this deal is more geopolitical than economic . 
  and what will europe think ? 
  i 'm not sure what the deal with the deal is , but i know russia is now much less reliant on european demand for gas than it was yesterday . 
  you 've already seen what happens when countries get in dispute with russia over gas prices , it shuts off the gas . 
  i see no possibility of china pulling out of this deal , they need all the energy they can get . 
  this deal is great for russia and china . 
  war, 
  [ i plead da ... ] ( http://www.thewheelfx.com/lane/gifs/fif.gif ) ( apologies for the reference to the us constitution ), 
  whine and cheese . 
  i have way more credit cards then that . 
  have n't used some in years . 
  does storing gold bars from melted down teeth fillings count as participation in a genocidal war ? 
   and most of the countries just treat it as a celebratory circlejerk and vote for the countries they have n't had a genocidal war with recently . 
  but france has n't genocided anyone lately , and they came in last . 
   still , europe is weird . 
  only canadian privilege allows a north american to type such words , and receive upvotes . 
   modern nation-states depend on the idea that hungary is for ethnic hungarians , slovakia for the slovaks , germany for the germans , etc. 
  not all modern nation states are ethno-nationalist , a few are [ civic nationalist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civic_nationalism ) , such as the us and canada .
