  rental cars usually have them too . 
  that 's rare over here . 
  that being said , i could see that at really busy bars . 
  besides my coffee cart in the morning , pretty much everywhere takes credit now . 
  contrary to this sub 's beliefs , our regulations are actually about smog , not protectionism . 
  cities like la and denver were covered in smog for months on end . 
  the us automakers have fought these regulations tooth and nail since the 70s , they do n't like them . 
  you can actually see smog , on hot days in nyc summer you can choke on ozone . 
  there is popular support for getting it under control , and it pretty much has been . 
  europe , for many reasons , decided to go the diesel route , which creates far more smog particulates . 
  to keep diesel going , the eu turned a blind eye to test results it knew were false . 
  tons of religious jews doing fine here in ny . 
  i keep an eye on this stuff , and i never see anything about bulgaria . 
  being jewish myself , i keep an eye on this stuff . 
  i never , ever here about anything in romania . 
  who is condemning these people ? 
  yet there are tons of ukrainian refugees in poland today . 
  hopefully the relations between the people is not terrible . 
  i was unaware there were antisemetic rightists in bulgaria and romania . 
  disappointing to hear . 
  it 's a good thing he made 18 kids then . 
  i 'd actually expect a swede to know about horrible christians killing muslims . 
  which are more stupid , walloons or flemish ? 
  i think i know your answer ... 
  thank you for not hating us, 
  username checks out . 
  feelsgoodman, 
   the phenomenon that it is precisely communities with adjoining territories , and related to each other in other ways as well , who are engaged in constant feuds and ridiculing each other well i suppose we adjoin the uk via the atlantic . 
  explains a lot . 
  did you just call them a shit rectangle ? 
   of course , i 'd never publish them anywhere way to be a bro , bro . 
  holy shit . 
  i was just curious , because from what i can tell , the germans ( on reddit anyway ) come off as arrogant a lot more than nordics or uk . 
  the only times i 've been absolutely gobsmacked by comments where i could not tell if it was satire was from germans . 
  granted , that was in default subs mostly . 
  i do n't think europeans are friends at all really . 
  i lived in london , and studied in an international program , and you could see the tensions . 
  plus , how are you supposed to be close to people that you can not even speak to ? 
  greeks do n't even use the same alphabet as germans , and they are supposed to be able to have meaningful exchanges ? 
  i do believe that groups of similair nations could form supranational blocks . 
  nordics and benelux for example . 
  but what the fuck does bulgaria have in common with portugal ? 
  the reason the us has been able to prosper is because of universal english . 
  that 's the big secret . 
  people honestly believe that radically different cultures who can not even communicate on a personal level are going to coalesce around some hypothetical `` european '' identity ? 
  ever since i lived in that international dorm , the whole eu experiment has seemed insane to me . 
  but i 've been told here that is because i lived there in the late 90s , and now everyone is bestest pals . 
  you are saying this is all of northern europe that thinks like this ? 
   well , that 's better than having aids babies  o_0, 
  only 5 countries in the world like us more than italy : http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2014/07/ft-2014-07-15-likeamerica-01.png i guess you used to like us even more , but obviously people had a very idealized vision of the us . 
  perhaps my view is colored by dating a valencian catalan girl for awhile . 
  her family was very upset about having their language suppressed under franco , and many other grievances as well . 
  they did not feel much warmth for madrid . 
  aaaayy , we got ta tough guy ova hea . 
  do n't do this in nyc . 
  poop, 
  ooh , i like rim jobs . 
  can someone like me , who only speaks english , operate personally , officially , and in business all over europe now ? 
  so language is still a big barrier . 
  spain was unified a very , very long time ago , but i think the point with the regions stand . 
  well , think about it , unification was n't until 1861 , and after wwi they got tyrol and trieste . 
  there are two large islands ( sardinia , sicily ) which is always going to lead to the development of their own cultures . 
  anyway , you know all this . 
  however , i think this has worked out for italy much better than spain . 
  spain is also a nation of regions , but much fewer regions , and larger population regions than the smaller regions of italy . 
  so there is far more separatism in spain than italy . 
  as for friends , you 'll probably always be good friends with us . 
  we have air force bases there , and americans love the food an culture ( especially here in nyc ) , and italians are not known to give unsolicited lectures . 
  i 've been to rome , loved it ( besides termini ) , so much energy and confident people . 
  felt comfortable to me . 
  the romans know they live in one the greatest cities on earth . 
  you forgot to mention all the money the german states gave to the landesbanken , which the eu later found to be illegal and anticompetitive . 
  i do n't think italy did anything like that either . 
  after all the metric shit ? 
  yeah, 
  why do you have to take this from me ? 
  we do this too . 
  :-d bestest bros 4lyfe !, 
  the rest of the planet . 
  just because you are in nato does n't mean you have to join adventures . 
  this is reddit history . 
  they do not think of themselves as one big country , but a bunch of regions . 
  public urination ? 
  yes , yes , you cunts are our # 1 bff , but the subscribers of / r/unitedkingdom are really putting that at risk . 
  wow , i could move there tomorrow and be able to function . 
  just like the uk , we do not have official languages . 
  i can live with cold , went to college in upstate ny . 
  but the lack of hiking would kill me . 
  yes , we always have a group of recent immigrants that do n't speak english , and work for peanuts . 
  but their kids wo n't even know the language of their parents . 
  and honestly , low skilled workers not speaking english is not going to affect anything . 
  they high level immigrants speak english of course . 
  spain and italy are not giving up their language anytime either . 
  the nordics are never butthurt about english , it 's very impressive . 
  dutch too . 
  want to join the anglosphere ? 
  not going to happen , i 'm tied to an nys pension . 
  buying a house in the ` burbs and all that . 
  also not sure i can live anywhere so flat . 
  chicago is so much more reasonable than nyc .
