  i 'm just making a dumb comment about how all tbe diesels pollute an insane amount , covering euro cities in smog , and making people sick . 
  and today merkel said it 's important not to demonize diesel . 
  i was n't in the greatest shape at the time :-( i 've climbed the highest mountain in the continental us and back in one day since tho . 
  i 'm pretty sophisticated , makes sense . 
  same here , a huge percentage of tv shows are based out of here . 
   and the same with european cars , they are better than americans so they stay . 
  better at inducing emphysema :-d, 
  yeah , i tried climbing that rock , and it kicked my ass . 
  ah , when i opened in res i got a small description . 
  another redditor has explained some of what went down . 
  i do n't think they had to stick with nuclear , but shutting it down all at once and increasing coal consumption was seriously overboard . 
  a less drastic approach would to wind them down as renewables came online . 
  he 's going to federal prison for a white collar offense , it 's going to be a minimum security country club . 
  ahhh , makes sense . 
  no , i identify as an android . 
  baseball metaphors have made it all the way to italy ? 
  is there a specific issue with it , or just anti-nuke people ? 
  those folks must be nervous with all those french nuke plants so close . 
  or complain to the state of california that their emissions are too strict . 
  that just happened to my friend who tried to fly norwegian to shannon , ireland from upstate ny . 
  they made everyone sit around for hours , then cancelled the flight . 
  my ex lives very close to there , towards calpe . 
  beautiful area . 
  ( sobs uncontrollably ), 
  how does it taste ? 
  if it makes you feel better , i 've never seen anyone serve it , besides in college when we bought it as a joke . 
  even my white trash family in nj does n't use it . 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  what did the total come to after extras ? 
  i hear ya . 
  our cops really do suck . 
  do you know prostitutes that stayed home ? 
  meh , it 's still no excuse for ridiculous shit like shooting people in the back or killing an australian for literally no reason . 
  you are honestly bringing trump into a discussion about wwii goals and strategies ? 
  you are just looking for an outlet for your frustration with the us , but you really are n't bringing any relevant points , especially since i never claimed we did the heavy lifting for the war , i 'm claiming the opposite if anything . 
  where the hell did i talk about taxes ? 
  that was our entire plan , it does n't make us selfish , it makes us smart . 
  our goals were to dismantle the british empire , be allied with the soviets while trying to grind them down in order to limit their power after the war , and to implement the bretton woods system . 
  our post war dominance is predicated on all this . 
  hell , look at the suez crisis after the war , france and uk were still trying to act like they had empires . 
  on the bright side for western euros , being dominated by the us in the cold war was a lot better than ee had it . 
  do you think the british empire was benevolent or something ? 
  everyone is selfish , we just took their place . 
  and sure there is all that good vs evil stuff everyone loves in wwii , but why would we expend all that blood and treasure without a benefit ? 
  no one nation would do so . 
  who even knows if we would have gotten in the war if hitler did n't declare war on us in return for us declaring war on japan . 
  remember , we had just watched europe destroy itself in wwi , there were reasons people were isolationist , even though roosevelt wanted to get involved very early on . 
  i 'd if anyone has a right to complain its the poles , because pretty much everyone on all sides fucked them hard . 
  yes , i 'm kidding . 
  see the little hand gesture ? 
  on the bright side , fish that already owned their homes saw a huge increase in value , as the drainage decimated the housing inventory . 
  what about killing all the natives and taking the land ? 
  i suppose we need to watch 5 star in italy as well . 
  italian media too , huh ? 
  man , i 've always known that the uk are our greatest ally , but naming such a beautiful cathedral after our president is a debt we can not repay . 
  thank you !, 
  ot , but that is a snazzy flag , i like it . 
  there is no proof of trump himself colluding , but there is a mountain of circumstantial evidence about his campaign colluding . 
  and yes , i know the investigations are not over yet , but where there is smoke there is fire . 
  it 's not like i 'm sitting here calling for impeachment with what we have now . 
  there is a decent bit of our population that personally feels weak and poor , which is why populism rose . 
  i think trump and brexit might kill populism everywhere for a bit . 
  well , pulaski and kosiuzco are very well known here at least ... 
  yeah , the french were defending the street in the beginning , and it put it in your head that they were doing the fighting on land . 
  it 's the backdrop , and the rest of the movie was dedicated to just a few men , it was n't even about the whole british military , just how these few men were able to survive or not . 
  hmm , pretty sure every country is/was `` selfish . '', 
  it was pretty selfish of uk and france to give half of central europe to hitler before the war . 
  pretty selfish of the nazis and soviets to split up poland , and then pretty damn selfish of the brits and french not to assist poland after it was invaded in light of their alliance treaty . 
  it was selfish of the soviets to not help us out in the pacific theater until after germany surrendered . 
  so on and so forth . 
  and of course , i 'm sure you see comments all the time from ee folks on here that uk/us were selfish in not destroying the soviets after defeating germany , and forcing them to live under communism for decades . 
  terms like `` selfish '' do n't have any applicability to geopolitics , every country acts in its own self-interest . 
  i 'm in a timber frame right now . 
  the roofs in the pic are so steep ; any particular reason why ? 
  i was thinking gargamel . 
  we let the germans and soviets kill each other as long as we could before launching d day , it was a good strategy . 
  btw , the movie was pretty good , it focused on the personal experiences of a few brits , not anything about the wider war at all . 
  so i do n't think it 's bad that they did n't include much about the french , the movie is too limited for that to be done in a meaningful way . 
  i feel for italy , its been getting shit on by everyone for quite a bit now . 
  the zookeepers wife was just released . 
  i liked it a lot , and i do n't think it was insulting to france at all . 
  it focuses on tbe personal experience of a very small number of brits , and is clearly told from an exclusively british perspective . 
  it did n't have anything to do with the larger war at all , which why i 'm confused the french press would get upset with it . 
  holy shit , do something already . 
  so who ? 
  anything about it in the news over there ? 
  it 's pretty unusual , tourists here are usually better behaved than the natives . 
  not bad , they are all minors , and they recovered some of the stolen goods . 
  probably wo n't be easy for them to come back into the us though . 
  i wonder if it was one of those big school groups i see walking around manhattan . 
  has the collusion been proven yet ? 
  but there is enough evidence that it 's not exactly ridiculous to talk about it . 
  it probably is better to say `` trump campaign '' instead of just `` trump '' at this point . 
  maybe you will find this helpful https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/23/world/europe/trump-putin-sanctions-hacking.html?hp&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;clicksource=story-heading&amp;module=first-column-region&amp;region=top-news&amp;wt.nav=top-news, 
  dude , trump loves russia and colluded with them . 
  this is all congress , and they passed it with such a huge majority that trump 's veto would be overridden . 
  trump hates these sanctions . 
  does n't mean people that voted for him wo n't be helped . 
  trump is against these sanctions , congress passed it . 
  despite trump saying `` fake news '' and `` with hunt '' every 5 minutes , plenty of average americans do care that russia messed with our elections .
