  what about reddit ? 
  yeah , they do n't discuss the merits much . 
  maybe changing the terms without notice ? 
   i think trying to apply us broadcast standards to a global market is going to become a much larger problem , and will ultimately be damaging . 
  hell , it 's outdated and stupid here too . 
  since there are no competitors to our tech firms , i do n't think it will be any damage to them . 
  i 'm saying while it probably is the case that fb dominates social media , i 'm not sure it dominates as a source of news . 
  obviously this is extremely complicated subject . 
   edit 3 : the prime minster just posted a new post , this time critizing the facebook 's deletion of her first post . 
  this post contains several iconic historical pictures , censored by black boxes . 
  the napalm girl has been covered so that only her feet and hands are visble . 
  martin luther king 's face is covered with a black box . 
  the chinese `` tank-man '' is entirely covered by a black box . 
  regan 's face is covered by a black box in a picture with him and gorbachev . 
  meh , fb is obsessed with censoring nudity , not mlk and gorbachev . 
  that post is missing the point . 
  a pic of `` paris '' with her breasts blacked out would have been more persuasive . 
  that is an interesting argument . 
  you are saying they have a monopoly on social media ? 
  but what about the news ? 
  fb thinks it is a lot of things ... 
  i sure as hell would not use it for news . 
  i meant the norwegian story , not the frebnch story . 
  the french ruling was a procedural issue that set aside fb 's ridiculous forum selection clause . 
  no ruling on the merits has taken place . 
  it will be interesting to watch for sure . 
  it is hard to create a single global platform that is going to work for everyone . 
  for example , social media has created a lot of difficulties is germany , where it can run afoul of hate speech laws . 
  fb is subject to those laws , and has worked to curtail speech at the insistence of the german government . 
  if there is a norwegian law that has been violated , then fb must comply . 
  if not , too bad . 
  fb is particularly prude when it comes to nudity , more than most media . 
  there is an outdated public broadcasting / `` cable '' tv paradigm to american media . 
  broadcast tv was always subject to restrictins on nudity because children could access it for free . 
  i fyou paid for cable tv , you could have porn , got and whatever else you want . 
  fb is trying to fit into the broadcast space , even though it is n't obliged to , it thinks it 's good for business . 
  and i do n't want to be rude , but a brit telling anyone that others are weird about sex is amusing . 
  you guys passed a law outlawing the filming of facesitting !!, 
  you have opt out porn filters . 
  you have all kinds of craziness that we do n't . 
  of course fb should be subject to the law where it operates . 
  however , i did n't see any allegations of illegality with this story . 
  did i miss it ? 
  it 's not nearly as concerning as private companies censoring things at the insistence of the government . 
  there are many other platforms to use , and in europe , there is state media websites as well . 
  if people do n't like what fb does , they should simply stop using it . 
  i 'm sure the norwegian press is capable of boycotting it altogether , as could anyone else who does not like the policies . 
  no one is compelled to use fb by law . 
  working to censor fb comments by users at the insistence of certain european governments is far more concerning then censoring nudity . 
  no one forces anyone to use fb . 
  fb is a private company , not the un . 
  no , polish women are just slackers . 
  yes actually . 
  so i guess the better question would be why let infrastructure decay when you have a budgetary surplus ? 
  why the lack of investment in infrastructure with all the surpluses ? 
  jan nguyen has a nice ring to it . 
  plenty of bumpkins on foodstamps with lots of kids on medicaid . 
  look up net contributors to the federal budget . 
  the us has been going downhill since they admitted the potato famine refugees . 
  it was going quite well up to that point . 
  what is the basis of the cz/israel relationship ? 
  totally agree . 
  no , he has no clue what the us is about . 
  at the same time , americans need to understand that we ca n't expect europeans to have the same conception of identity as as we do ; i see americans doing the same thing the grand wizard does , but in favor of multiculturalism . 
  europe is not the us , you ca n't expect people to drop their identity . 
  the us/canada/aus have a totally different concept of identity . 
  you are acting like the ny times , expecting europe to go all civic nationalist . 
  it is n't realistic . 
  hey , show the grand dragon of \u00c9ire some respect !, 
  just like red states in the us get the most federal funding , yet are always voting for `` small government . '', 
  and i thought i was harsh ... 
  thank jeebus , i thought the eu might have sent some assassins to dispatch him . 
  please tell me you typed his name wrong , because that link gives me a `` not found '' page . 
  dear leader , where are you !?!?!? 
  what do you think would be appropriate , considering it was not a huge amount of vehicles in the us ? 
  the crimes in europe were much worse , due to the scale of it . 
  i 'd say vw is being properly penalized here . 
  that 's not going to help them here . 
  wow , google translate even works on whatever this word jumble is . 
  how are they making money ? 
  insurance fraud ? 
  poor woman had a rough life . 
  the nyt has always been liberal , nothing to do with foxnews . 
  the think the nyt is most guilty of is expecting european nations to function culturally with regard to immigration like the us . 
  going to be harder for people to assimilate into an older culture based on ethnicity . 
  it 's quite arrogant . 
  it is very biased , they love the `` racist europeans '' trope . 
  maybe you can claim asylum in ireland ? 
  they are pretty sympathetic to gingers . 
  but is n't the issue that ireland did n't charge everyone the same rate ? 
  could n't they charge 0 % as long as everyone paid 0 % ? 
  the american government is angry bc it wants it 's taxes . 
  regular people are confused , because ireland was told it did something illegal , and is going to get 13b out of it . 
  if ireland and apple were both being penalized , it would make sense . 
  no one is upset about apple having to pay money , they do everything they can to screw the american taxpayers . 
  so they should have insisted that ireland take more money ? 
  amphibians are haram ? 
  once they do away with the queen , they will be free . 
  do n't you think the state actor which granted the aid should be punished as a disincentive for future offenses ? 
  do n't they stand to actually make money if they are caught,
