  do n't call redditors idiotic , and you will get much nicer replies . 
  europe is already on its way towards renewables , it is going to happen , just not tomorrow . 
  so instead of buying more oil from russia , or the me , it is better to use oil from within the eu for geopolitical factors , as well as reducing emissions in the transportation of the hydrocarbons . 
  you are n't very thoughtful are you ? 
  you honestly think by leaving this oil in the ground right now , it will have any impact on what is consumed ? 
  it wo n't . 
  moving towards renewable is a longterm process that must be addressed by policy , and we are n't there yet . 
  so you might as well use hydrocarbons in a less harmful manner right now . 
  are you one of those `` environmentalists '' who hate nuclear as well ? 
  i did n't say it was a big problem , i said it would actually reduce co2 . 
  whoops , that is what i get for reddting half asleep on the train into work . 
  i was just asking in your personal experiences in paris , how have exchanges gone with someone who tells you they despise france . 
  is this so common ? 
  what happens in a social situation where a french citizen tells you he he 's france ? 
  is it just a raving lunatic you ca n't converse with , or do you try to argue the point , or just tell them to leave ? 
  the co2 savings on transportation for crude alone would be huge . 
  the oil could refined right in the uk . 
  but if the overall population continues to shrink , you are splitting that money with less and less people , which will be commensurate with shrinking demand . 
  just look at japan for how deflation occurs while printing trillions . 
  if the fascists and the radical left both hate us , we are doing something right . 
  has printing money in tons of money in japan caused inflation ? 
  it has n't even stopped deflation . 
  it would have to be statutorily limited to social security ( or whatever it is called elsewhere ) however . 
  i 'm a saver , and the fed printed trillions , yet i ca n't get 1 % on my savings account . 
  where is the inflation ? 
  we might have to rethink everything , could go along with the basic income movement , though i do not know enough about that . 
  our entire system has be premised on ever expanding population . 
  in the us , it 's not such an issue , we have room for tons of immigrants . 
  for much of the rest of the developed world , it is n't that easy . 
  we need to change how the monetary system functions . 
  we are n't using gold here , we can pay pensions out of fiat . 
  we need to come up with a monetary system where pensions would have to be paid for by pure fiat issuance from the central bank . 
  i 'd expect wwiii to happen before that is accepted . 
  i 'm sure , but it 's ludicrous for us to give a cent . 
  [ more like this ] ( https://media0.giphy.com/media/1cfiokzjofo92/200_s.gif ), 
  many of whom would bitch about the taxes they would have to pay to get `` free '' healthcare . 
  not in dalmatia . 
  but two wrights make a plane . 
  were all of you on the euro in 2008 ? 
  greece is n't in control of its currency . 
  why we they ask us for help ? 
  we would do a backdoor bailout through the fed , but there is no way us giving money in a transparent fashion would get any support . 
   from what planet are you from ? 
  he 's from germany . 
  ny harbor has a train ferry . 
  the saudis are our best pals !, 
  they are the worst ... 
  it is my understanding that the governor general does this type of thing in canada . 
  so he/she would greet visiting royals in the place of the queen . 
  i do n't know how helpful that is , but maybe it is . 
  when the queen goes somewhere , no thinks of her representing canada . 
  i do n't think it 's doing so much harm to canada , but i do n't think it 's doing much for you either . 
  your greek flag with `` fuck the eu '' threw me off . 
  what prestige does it bring canada ? 
  the queen does n't even live there . 
  the meetings themselves are n't secret , their content is . 
  where is here ? 
  just a chat amongst friends ? 
  honestly , i did n't have the uk in mind when i asked this , i was asking a danish fella . 
  i 've lived in the uk , i know you are n't all about race , otherwise you would n't give eastern europeans shit !, 
   which every citizen regardless of political views can rally around . 
  what about citizens who are not from the majority ethnicity , and of a different ethnicity of the royals ? 
  all depends if their constitution provides for that . 
  4 ) quebec and louisiana secede from their respective nations and form the acadian league . 
  if 2016 if bush v. clinton , it will be a fucking disgrace . 
  the monarch has a secret , weekly meeting with the pm . 
  so it 's not as if it has no power at all , that is influence . 
  i 'd argue the opposite , that it diminishes canada 's prestige . 
  why does a geographically huge , resource rich , first world nation need the crown of a nation from across the ocean ? 
  it 's completely anachronistic . 
  if you ask canadians , most will say it is n't worth the huge political task of amending their constitution to change it , but you are n't going to find many cheerleading royalists either . 
  a more interesting question would be how long ca/nz/aus keep the monarch as head of state . 
  holy shit , that sounds frightening . 
  mmmm, 
  keep that ish in norcal . 
  thx , 
  a lot of people here think that names that end in a vowel are italian . 
  i have a german-jewish last name that ends in a vowel , and people ask if it 's italian . 
  ( the name is not , though my maternal grandfather was sicilian ) . 
  a lot of finnish names `` look '' italian to me ... 
  i dated a girl from the alicante area for a long time , and she moved to the us for awhile . 
  one of the first meals we had was spicy ( i do n't think it was mexican ) and she turned all red and her eyes were watering . 
  now i knew she did n't eat tacos , but i was surprised that eating spicy hot foods is n't really a thing in spain . 
  not a ridiculous question in 1942 . 
  yes . 
  thanks for pointing this out , sometimes people need to be reminded . 
  well i suppose it is . 
  but i think the problem is more people who buy caddillacs and $ 600 sneakers , but do n't buy their kids school supplies . 
  that is n't really consumerism , it 's a marketing ploy to get people to spend more and buy more than they need . 
  companies have learned if you lower unit price , people will buy more and more . 
  on the other hand , if it 's stuff that you will use and use ( toilet paper , coffee , etc. ), 
  it works out well . 
  i hear you on the on the healthcare/education bit , but otherwise you are way off . 
  you ca n't judge actual humans from internet comments and movies . 
  do n't be a reddit cliche . 
  you are now a mod of / r/mustang . 
  be careful in that sun and heat . 
  i ca n't keep track of all the countries everyone in my family came from in the 1800s . 
  there must be 10 of them that i know . 
  oh wow , just saw you will be here for 4 years .
