  wtf, 
  i used to say the same , `` why ca n't they just be happy with a civil union ? '', 
  but i think legalizing gay marriage has made them more equal in almost everyone 's eyes . 
  it does n't have to be about religion , unless you want to change it to a civil union for everyone , it is unfair . 
  the difference is that we do not portray ourselves as neutral pacifists . 
  you even have an opt-out from the eu mutual defense clause . 
  i do agree that both sides are shameful . 
   `` even primitive people know that you do n't defy nature '' mr. pi\u0119ta again about uganda banning homosexuality homophobia and racism is one quote . 
  impressive . 
  yes , it 's required by fcc regulations . 
  yeah , like the time my mom and pop oil company sank statoil . 
  very informative . 
  thx . 
  is n't that a sufi thing , and the wahhabis do n't do that right ? 
  to be clear , i 'm saying extremist idiots think the quran is more important than the law . 
  same as fundamentalist christians/jews . 
  i 'm ... 
  i 'm scared ... 
  i do n't know , that sounds a bit dangerous . 
  their god is more important than your law . 
   ( denmark was the first country in the world to unban pornography for commercial purposes ) that could be a 5000 karma til post . 
  go forth and conquer !, 
  will the swedes criticize this ? 
  no , the supreme court interprets the existing constitution . 
  i agree with you . 
  but i think no net nuetrality + more isps would end up with strategic partnerships between content providers and isps . 
  like virgin mobile will get you fast youtube , but joeblow isp will get you fast hulu . 
  i really doubt that . 
  we do n't change it too much . 
  but did n't this regulation go into effect because people do not have the choice to switch so easily ? 
  i 'm not too sure the free market would end up defeating throttling . 
  you got the full experience !!!, 
  yeah , i hate people that think they can drive fast around a turn in snow because they have 4wd . 
  that is n't how it works . 
  when you are a startup , you do n't have any leverage . 
   in the us if your isp starts to throttle netflix or spotify , chances are you do n't have a viable alternative . 
  we have very strict net neutrality regulations , they can not do this . 
  i 'd love to have more choices , and pay less , but at least all my content is treated equally . 
  you should see the leaves in westchester now , amazing !!!, 
  i do n't know if it 's because the late warm weather , but the reds and yellows are brighter than usual . 
  i think it 's the most beautiful place in the world this time of year . 
  hmm , meth lab . 
  probably central ny . 
  most of upstate has been de-industrializing since at least the '60s . 
  it 's basically a lost cause . 
  there are some amazing universities , and albany has the government , but that is about it . 
  the population is very old , and it 's decreasing sharply . 
  the people who are left in decaying urban centers have no hope , no jobs . 
  i 'd say that the bad neighborhoods up there are the worst i 've ever seen . 
  my wife 's family is from the syracuse area , and that hood is scary as hell . 
  that is how it is in a lot of areas in the `` rust belt . '', 
  personally , i do n't think there is any hope for those places , they just have to depopulate . 
  how did you like the weather btw ? 
  see any crazy blizzards ? 
  western/central ny is one of the snowiest places on earth . 
  how pissed are people going to be about that ? 
  i went to college upstate too , around albany . 
  i also lived in a horrible hood , but it was probably good for all us spoiled kids to see . 
  i had a car . 
  ;-) that was pretty brave of you , i did a semester in london , but that was in my senior year , no risks involved at all . 
  i kind of like upstate , beautiful countryside , and insanely cheap . 
  of course , nyc is n't bad either ;-), 
  that is n't what net neutrality is about at all . 
  we pay too much here , but that is different that isps deciding at what speed i get what content . 
  so do you have an actual point related to this post ? 
  thank you !, 
  sweden is the world 's third largest arms exporter per capita . 
  only israel and russia are ahead of you . 
  must be fun to sit on the sidelines and sell bombs to dictators while lecturing the rest of the world . 
  maybe / r/europe is right about you guys ... http://www.businessinsider.com/swedens-dirty-secret-they-arm-dictators-2014-5, 
  oh wow , how did you move here right after high school ? 
  and yeah , there is a lot to be said for either place . 
  http://arstechnica.com/business/2015/10/why-europes-net-neutrality-plan-is-more-controversial-than-us-rules/ read that and get back to me . 
  i really do n't know what you were thinking . 
  i do n't know , our feelings are hurt that you left in the first place . 
  all your tech are belong to us . 
  i love clicking `` ok '' on euro sites . 
  makes me feel so empowered . 
  are those now invalid ? 
  now even more startups will move to silicon valley . 
  thanks eu parliament !, 
  again , just like our gangs . 
  where ? 
  ny only has tax on prepared food . 
  i had an amazing time in croatia , and know a lot of nice bosnians here . 
  super nice people with amazing food . 
  ah , you are right . 
  but they are more miserable and kill themselves more . 
  there are def hot bosnians . 
  wow , that is like gang members in our ghettos . 
  lithuania beats you . 
   skanky women how skanky we talking ? 
  things that only exist in the realm outside of / r/europe . 
  pretty sure australia is going to be fine . 
  ireland is a common law jurisdiction , polish law is useless there . 
  a uk or american lawyer would do well over there though . 
  why are we supposed to think well of an informer for the stasi ? 
  people ( here , anyway ) know allow about the informers . 
  are we supposed to think highly of people who reported their neighbors to the secret police ? 
  because ethno-nationalism is deep in the heart of every european,
