  ca n't you go anywhere in spain , and maybe somewhere else ? 
  a girl i used to date when to the columbia architecture school in ny , she is doing quite well !, 
  i 'm not sure which big take out place you went to , but i confess to being a food snob when it comes to chain restaurants , i just do n't eat at them . 
  i suppose an exception would be chipotle . 
  if you got thick pizza , you probably ordered a sicilian slice . 
  this is what ny thin crust looks like : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_ujpbm8xjio8/thbopnisuei/aaaaaaaaah0/9wydqbsbaee/s1600/dscn1308.jpg this is regular street pizza : https://i.imgur.com/ajzx3zh.jpg yeah , i ca n't believe all the construction going on . 
  all the buildings are for billionaires , but at least they employ people to build them . 
  fuck dude !, 
  i did n't tell you to go to katz 's ? 
  ugh , my apologies . 
  the pastrami there is soooooooooooooo good . 
  what pizza did you get ? 
  that is awesome you had a great time . 
  do any of the universities you plan to go to have an exchange program ? 
  look into it . 
  if you are multilingual and have a professional degree you can do very well . 
  i have a friend who moved here from lichtenstein , he spent a month working at starbucks , and now is negotiating contracts for french corporations . 
  did you see a lot of buildings under construction ? 
  by the time you come back , the skyline is going to look different . 
  i know you like architecture , so you might like this site : http://newyorkyimby.com/ check out the supertall section . 
  glad you had a good time , you probably only got to do 5 % of the things here , so obviously you will need to come back . 
  as far is being in the middle of brooklyn , you were still in the `` cool '' part of brooklyn . 
  i 'm talking about taking the train another 45 min to an hour further out . 
  some of the places are proper restaurants , but most are just take out shops . 
  i hope you did n't wait for hours for the halal to one of those hyped up ones . 
  also hope you got some corned beef or pastrami at a deli . 
  fair point, 
  you seem a little cranky . 
  you ok ? 
  i agree with you in general ( especially reading askreddit ) , though i think with the internet it 's easier to find things these days . 
  i also realize nyc is an exception to most places , you just go to the neighborhood those immigrants live in . 
  only cuisine that all agree we are deficient is mexican . 
  as far as donner , in midwood brooklyn there are many shops you can find what they have in turkey . 
  of course that might be different than they have in germany . 
  actually i 've been all over az and nm , o i guess that is not the coast . 
  we hope to go to chicago soon . 
  was in minneapolis for 2 days , but i do n't think that counts . 
  i 'd like to do a trip from tx to ok , ne , ks , nd sd , not sure if that is the right order . 
  anyway , talk to my wife , she is the one that does n't want to go . 
  i want kc bbq . 
  because i 've never been there or met too many people from there . 
  i 'm not talking about halal carts , i 'm talking about little shops way out in brooklyn . 
  how was your trip ? 
  well i do n't really do that . 
  i live in nyc , i meet people from all over the world all the time , but i always get super excited when i meet someone from montana , or north dakota , etc. . 
  i ask them a million questions . 
  oh , you have been to all the turkish restaurants in brooklyn ? 
  which was your favorite ? 
  nyc has tons of em . 
  well , i 'm sure the people are nice and all , but i do n't believe there is much to do , and is kind of a random place for someone from another continent to go to . 
  but i assume there is a friends or family or school reason . 
  i 've never been to any of the flyover states , just the coasts . 
  you kidding ? 
  latkes ( potato pancake in yiddish ) are the bomb !!!, 
  i 'd fuck you . 
  no homo . 
  that is brilliant marketing right there . 
  give potato work better . 
  older suburbs in the us are not cookie cutter . 
  the new ones , especially in florida or las vegas definitely are . 
  i get that too !, 
  and election day as well . 
  but i work for the state , so it is n't normal . 
  my agency gets off for lincoln 's bday . 
  sshh , i own rbs bonds , do n't give them any ideas . 
  cool article . 
  npr has an interview with the founder of uber that was very interesting , should n't be too hard to find . 
  that sounds very familiar to me . 
  no , voiceover is one guy doing the talking for everyone . 
  dubbing is everyone gets their own voice actor . 
  i could see how seinfeld would n't translate well due to being about very minor interactions that someone not accustomed to american culture . 
  no , it 's always dialog of some guy meeting women on the street and fucking them for money in the bushes . 
  even with the subtitles you can catch the romance . 
  yes , they are both compromises . 
  if i was watching silly sitcoms , i think dubbing would probably be fine . 
  if i was watching movies , than not so much . 
  hey , i remember you . 
  you were the guy that said you felt smug satisfaction on 9/11 because you almost got caught in a ira bombing and blamed it on people in boston right ? 
  i 'll try to find the screenshot . 
  as you can tell , you would be a person that i value the opinion of highly . 
  oh wow , look , a portuguese poster agreeing with me : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ga4ox/dubbing_in_europe_xpost_from_rmapporn/ckh4ir5, 
  calm down sport , i meant `` native irish , '' not some guy from just reading in irish accented english as a joke or whatever . 
  touchy , touchy . 
  welp , that was different . 
  they did n't dub hasslehoff i bet . 
  you mean gaelic ? 
  the voices not matching up with mouths is 3 trillion times more distracting than reading . 
  i ca n't do it , reminds me of old kung fu movies . 
  so much dissonance . 
  ah , very interesting . 
  i confess that i have not seen many italian films from that period , but i have heard of the golden age and that federico fellini was the greatest filmmakers or all time . 
  the history of spanish is worthy of its own movie . 
  franco was so concerned with `` morality '' and political messages that he did n't approve of that dubbing was used as tool of censorship . 
  people in large countries with lots of content in their native language will be used to everything in their language , and will want to watch everything in that language . 
  smaller nations which have more international content are n't only used to having things in their language and are comfortable with subs . 
  there are exceptions of course , but look at ops map . 
  all that being said , portgual is very proficient in english , and there must be many factors to that besides market size . 
  i ca n't stand friends , but everyone is entitled to their own opinions of course . 
  it especially drives me crazy that they lived in these huge apartments you would have to be a millionaire to live in . 
  seinfeld is probably the greatest show of all time .
