  i do n't buy that bit at all , a militarily neutered eu is helpful to us corporate/government interests . 
  a large , stable market with very little geopolitical influence . 
  why would we want chaos and disruption of a bunch of feuding states ? 
  you are right , i should not have included the word warzones . 
  still , she should have made it clear that economic migrants would not be granted asylum . 
  one interview was not enough , and it 's totally true that media everywhere twisted everything she said . 
  that is why she needed to make simple statements and repeat them often , as in every single time she has a statement . 
  everyone from orban to the smugglers had an interest in twisting merkel 's words , it was her responsibility to get her own message out , and she failed bigtime . 
  the only issue i am addressing here is communication . 
  she should have made a very strong point that only legitimate refugees from warzones should even attempt to claim asylum . 
  that economic refugees from safe countries should not even attempt to arrive because they will be deported . 
  yes , i know that could take years , but it 's more important to get the message out there . 
  so yes , she should have said that there are people she does not want in germany . 
  i think germany and most of europe could actually handle legitimate refugees , it 's all the economic refugees that are the real problem . 
  i think they are a very large part of the hostile response in some places , and it seems that north africans are causing many problems , which make things harder for syrians . 
  i 'm not some anti-refugee zealot , i think it 's admirable that many germans want to help people in need . 
  but the way the entire thing has been handled has been amateurish at best . 
  additionally , i think there is a bit of hypocrisy involved . 
  if merkel cares about refugees so much , why does n't she transport syrians from the greek/macedonian border to germany ? 
  these people are sleeping in mud and rain . 
  there are many things that could be done as well , it seems like bad faith to me to say that `` anyone who is strong enough , rich enough and lucky enough to make it to germany can stay , but poor , sick , old people who are n't strong enough to make the trip , fuck you . '', 
  if you care about refugees , help them , do n't help economic migrants who are leaving somewhere safe . 
  by letting in everyone , you make it harder for those who actually deserve help . 
  great explanation . 
  it 's way too complicated to say who is living better in all of nato . 
  i get the fairness argument however . 
  do n't you think the major issue is that europeans , migrants and everyone else suffers from these misperceptions ? 
  should n't a concerted effort have been made to correct these misperceptions ? 
  if everyone else misunderstands you , you might not be communicating well . 
  it does n't matter if merkel did not actually invite millions of refugees , because the migrants and everyone else , including many in this sub took it that way . 
  it does n't matter if the media twisted her words , she had a duty to clarify , but did not . 
  you ca n't have people trying to communicate some kind of nuanced message to migrants . 
  use some of that german bluntness to correct misperceptions . 
  this was a major failure , and the fact that so many europeans believe merkel invited them is proof of how poorly she communicated . 
  that completely sucks . 
  i forgot to wear any green today . 
  i like forward to being repeatedly berated . 
  edit : 1 time so far . 
  wow , what is wrong with them ?? 
  til, 
  you know who you are responding to , right ? 
  50k euro for a fiesta st !!!, 
  you can get a shelby for 45k euro here . 
  nuts !, 
  yeah , trump is n't following the script , which lets us know what a moron he is . 
  free speech is one of the few things we are the best at . 
  i 'm ok with how it is . 
  sweden is proof that speech can be censored by peer pressure , laws not needed . 
  i think the uk is not prone to faicism , but the continent sure as hell is . 
  so-called , really ? 
  are you allowed to make insulting comments about the king in public ? 
  dumbasses . 
  i love 80s italian porn , and i do n't speak italian . 
  that 's a very serious allegation l. 
  maybe you should give them back to belgium . 
  300 years in prison for you . 
  yup . 
  until a few years ago , the uk was the world libel heaven . 
  this is actually a better example of why speech should not be restricted than hate speech . 
  that 's a special kind of ignorance right there . 
  altar boys . 
  that 's usually not a criminal offense , but you can be sued for it privately . 
  at least at common law . 
  edit : slander is spoken , you mean libel . 
  offensive language is already criminalized in the uk , you do n't have to insult religion . 
  http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/local-news/what-is-thecommunications-act-2003-8488958 a person is guilty of an offence if he or she : * sends by means of a public electronic communications network a message or other matter that is grossly offensive or of an indecent , obscene or menacing character * or causes any such message or matter to be so sent a person is guilty of an offence if , for the purpose of causing annoyance , inconvenience or needless anxiety to another , he or she : * sends by means of a public electronic communications network , a message that he knows to be false * causes such a message to be sent * or persistently makes use of a public electronic communications network a person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable , on summary conviction , to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level five on the standard scale , or to both . 
  do n't get me wrong , you 'd have to have a lot of disposable income to get a shelby here as well , but for $ 20k it 's hard to beat a fiesta st that has 200hp and gets great mileage . 
  i admit i 'm a biased ford fan . 
  leased a fiesta for 3 years , not one issue . 
  had heated seats , amazing sound system , and handled like a go kart . 
  my wife has owned a new gen escape for almost 4 years now , and at 45k miles , not one issue . 
  the volvo is great , but in a totally different ckass . 
  and being a former saab owner , i got sick of paying insane prices for any maintenance . 
  the civic is decent enough , no argument there . 
  the veloster does n't get great reviews , apparently it 's quite slow , even the turbo . 
  ca n't speak to the renaults . 
  as far as high performance , the fiesta/focus st are great , and the focus rs is insane . 
  and if you really want to go nutty , the shelby gt350 destroys cars costing many times more . 
  i do n't even like burek . 
  maybe it 's not for me . 
  true . 
  i drove a compact renault in ireland that was decent . 
  i did find all the smaller cars to be ugly , and would say the fiesta and focus were the best looking of the lot . 
  though i suppose some of these cars were even smaller than a fiesta . 
  oh man , it 's full of balkanites ? 
  the more i learn about the cr from their native redditors , the more i like it . 
  ford focus/fiesta are perfectly good cars in europe . 
  not everyone drives bmw/mercedes . 
  but if all the things you wrote above are true , i still do n't get why they would leave canada . 
  they have free healthcare and a social safety net . 
  oh wow , so the fund has been maintained all these years ? 
  pretty cool . 
  i would n't say he is an isolationist , but less of an interventionist . 
  trump is probably closer to an isolationist , and hillary is a huge interventionist . 
  i 'm just curious , why do so many canadians move here then ? 
  meh , everyone who lives here should learn to speak english . 
  if you move here as an elderly person , ok , not a huge deal . 
  otherwise , speak english . 
   when americans look at the process of european integration , they make a fundamental category error . 
  with a forgivable narcissism , they assume that we europeans are evolving -- rather haltingly -- so as to become just like them : a united states of europe , a single federal polity .
