   and a 350km train ride lasts 8h . 
  just like here . 
  i honest to jeebus do n't understand the confusion between roma and romanians . 
  how is it such an issue ? 
  teach the greeks how to do this . 
  as a 38 y/o , i know that feel . 
  feeling it right now :-(, 
  did you have 2 black eyes ? 
  where you visit ? 
  there are thousands of beers , very hard to keep track . 
  i 'm meeting a friend at a bar in 10 min that has 90 taps . 
  :-) fyi , i 'm a drunk . 
  ha , we had a few dot indians , but no feathers . 
  look , fuller esb and meantime london porter are two of my favorite beers , but we do n't exactly have shit over here . 
  back in the 90s , when we only did have shit , and i lived in london , every bartender told me to be careful with my kronenbourg because `` you do n't have strong beer like that . '', 
  i suppose they do have a housing shortage . 
  too bad our immigration law is so dumb , i 'd be happy if 10m poles moved here . 
  not all folks are quite as sober as the brits ... / s, 
  is the uk the only place they get annoyed with ethnic european migration ? 
  i mean i totally get not being thrilled with stowaways from calais , but legal poles ?? 
  nice , what were you up to ? 
  my in laws have a boat on the chesapeake , the people down there are real nice . 
  they call all americans yanks . 
  i love when southerners call me yankee . 
  i 'm a fucking mets fan , dead that shit . 
  it was right near oneida territory , but these fools were palefaces . 
  assholes . 
  well , if you are going to be in the nyc area , i can bring you some places where you will feel appropriately tubby . 
  true , though it really depends where you go . 
  in the county where i live , which is just north of nyc , and which actually has a few poor areas with some fat people , the rate is right between lituania and greece . 
  source : http://www.dw.com/en/rising-eu-obesity-rings-alarm-bells-in-brussels/a-16821112 besides the poor part , there are almost no obese people . 
  but when i went to my nephew 's high school graduation in upstate ny , holy shit . 
  many kids , and most parents were morbidly obese . 
  it was atrocious . 
  it 's a post industrial area with high unemployment , and a lot of drugs . 
  [ oh , no haes in the uk huh ? 
  ] ( http://www.healthateverysize.org.uk/ ) haes are a bunch of freaks that i have never seen anywhere but reddit . 
  i follow the sumo diet , you never know when a match it going to break out . 
  hey , you all want to wear jerseys and chant , that 's great . 
  you start calling yourself `` ultras '' and getting in fights , or attach some political views to being a fan , go fuck yourselves !, 
  i like that here we do n't have the catholic team , the protestant team , the jewish team , etc. 
  we just have fans , and i just hope that never happens with mls . 
  i also think it 's dumb how they are just trying copy euro soccer . 
  i mean real salt lake ?? 
  i know there were some spanish missionaries out the in the late 1700s , but come on . 
  be the salt lake royals if you want to go that route . 
  at least with the san diego padres , it has relevance to the area . 
  but i 'm just a cranky old guy , so there is that . 
  i 've lived in the uk . 
  glass houses and all that . 
  what ? 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  these guys are just criminals . 
  in any event , i think it 's pathetic and disgusting that anyone in the us is trying to copy european style soccer insanity . 
  how about just being fans of the team , who needs all this organized crap ? 
  not sure why these people need to differentiate themselves from other american sports fans . 
  here is a thread on it : https://www.reddit.com/r/mls/comments/35dzgn/nycfc_hispanic_skinhead_supporter_group/ bunch of jerkoffs . 
  just jokes my man . 
  where were you when this happened ? 
  detroit is a city , not a state . 
  and pr has voted against being a state multiple times . 
  of course everywhere has extremists . 
  here it would be very unusual to see them at any kind of public event , they would have to be surrounded by police . 
  the usta\u0161e lives , huh ? 
  it 's relevant , right ? 
   fat girl  she looked very american : - /, 
  how adventurous were her adventures ? 
  `` lol , trianon . '', 
  works every time . 
  ugh , you 're right . 
  sorry , i was half asleep on the train . 
  i should know by now not to comment until after my first coffee . 
  i 'm not trying to be a jerk , but that is a very low salary for any professional in the us . 
  public emoyee professionals make more then that . 
  i see where you are coming from , but on reddit at least , that is probably just going to confuse people . 
  yes , but there are also many levelheaded redditors that want to discuss one of the biggest issues facing europe . 
  should all of those folks suffer for the sake of silencing a few fascists ? 
  from what i 've seen , the insanely populist/nationalist shit gets downvoted to hell anyway . 
  i understand the not trusting government part , but what does that have to do with manifest destiny ? 
  just make sure those comments go in the megathread where they belong !, 
  you see , the mods here do n't like many opinions that are present in / r/europe , so they made these megathreads where opinions go to die . 
  now you are just being silly . 
  so i take it you are a fan of migrant megathreads ? 
  that is only on broadcast television . 
  i have all the swearing and boobs i want on cable . 
  have you seen got ? 
  you should be a mod here . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://memecrunch.com/meme/15mxy/anchorman/image.png ), 
  now you go . 
  fuck , you just triggered me again !!!, 
  we are stuck in an infinite feedback loop , suicide pact is the only option . 
  excuse me , but did you not learn from jeremy clarkson that you should not use that racist term ? 
  now i 'm triggered goddammit, 
   the sad thing is , most brits want some or all of this , and so i do n't try to argue against it any more , i do n't try and shout and rave about how this is awful , about how it curtails a fundamental and essential part of being human , or that it 's an awful state for a nation to be in , i just figure out workarounds for the internet and watch what i say around people because i can now get in trouble with the law if i say something which is deemed hateful or `` abusive '' . 
  i think the government should also include mandatory trigger warnings for potentially offensive material . 
  good one bro !, 
  i fly all over the us all the time , i 've never once seen a gun . 
  people would freak out . 
  from the country that keeps plastic knives under lock and key .
