  exports are all they will ever care about . 
  actually , i was joking . 
  i was trying to bait some nordic folks into saying that `` eesti can not into nordic , '' because it 's a cliche like latvian potato jokes . 
  personally , i have a good impression of all the baltic states , because their people have not forgotten history , and have the most realistic view of russia , and seem to be realistic people in general . 
  i find the blind pacifism and reluctance of western europeans to give a shit about their eastern european compatriots as disgusting , and i assume the baltic folks feel the same . 
  that also goes for poland . 
  i also like that all of you are generally pro-us and would rather do business with us than lecture us , and you do not spit on our soldiers . 
  so i like all you guys , though it 's amazing to me that more people live in the city limits of london or nyc than in the three baltic states . 
  because they are basically nordic . 
  do they eat da poo poo ? 
  very impressive preparations . 
  are the finns concerned about sweden 's complete unpreparedness ? 
  username checks out . 
  they need to become militarily relevant if the eu wants to stand on its own . 
  i hope they do get a real military . 
  especially because it was literally a comparison to nazis !!!, 
  oh well , i made it over 3 years on reddit before my first godwin accusation . 
  probably better than average . 
  and we know who controls the weather ... 
  why would i argue against a rebuttal to an argument i never made ? 
  i would not have replied at all if you said `` recently '' or `` past 20 years '' because those are not completely insane comments . 
  you argument that you are now making on your own is fine , it is n't a ridiculous position . 
  but i was n't arguing about that . 
  totes . 
  seriously , it 's either the polish or the dutch . 
  i believe your detector had a false positive . 
  fun fact - if you avoid the words `` never '' and `` always , '' you will avoid making a lot of stupid comments . 
  sorry to have touched a nerve , unless you actually agree that `` the us never has moral superiority of germany , '' and i should not have replied . 
  i see . 
  in this context we are actually discussing germany , and i was mocking the statement : `` the us never has moral superiority of germany . '', 
  my comment is actually addressing a point , and not the usual godwin law scenario . 
  it 's not godwin 's law if you do n't use the word `` hitler . '', 
  anyway , that was n't a jab at germany , it was a jab at idiotic hyperbolic language . 
  `` the us never has moral superiority of germany . '', 
  that depends , how many of them should there be ? 
  they are all in school when i 'm at work . 
  shame . 
   the us never has moral superiority of germany . 
  never is a long time pal , and it includes the years of wwii . 
  no one is perfect , you just made a totally ridiculous comment that had to be called out . 
  never !, 
  germany never did anything wrong ever !!!, 
  but the us is literally worse than hitler , so yeah . 
  this is some nice whataboutism . 
  imagine the eu actually provided a viable alternative to the dollar instead of a fetishistic obsession with austerity ? 
  we will do what we want with our currency , deal with it . 
  umm , what shit are you worried about them pulling off ? 
  seems like an odd statement to me . 
  yup , never . 
  especially not from 1938-1945 . 
  we 'll make it `` ghetto chic . '', 
  uh , fam is real ghetto . 
  could you loan me one ? 
  and poultry aids . 
  it 's the steroids in mcnuggets . 
  i too read zerohedge . 
  also remember that for many of us that was the first time in our lives that we became aware the government blatantly lied to us . 
  i believed colin powell , he was a hero . 
  there would n't nearly be any support for that now , and many of us have become noninterventionists after iraq , including me . 
  500 bc , never forget . 
  if you are in this sub , you 'll see many of the irish value neutrality above all . 
  i also feel horrible that our evil american companies have big offices there with thousands of well paid employees , we are ruining the place . 
  did you ever hang out with two other kids , and they would n't let you play nintendo ? 
  that is what it 's like . 
  yes , they hate us so much they keep sneaking in !, 
  honestly , i really recommend have canada as your neighbor . 
  no problems !, 
  only politburo can into fax machine . 
  i think you made him delete his account . 
  blonde polish girls with big breasteses . 
  crimea was given to ukraine in the '50s by kruschev . 
  no , it 's buzz killington . 
  simmer down literal larry . 
  worst neighbor ever . 
   estonia and latvia declared the soviet rule to have been illegal from the beginning and set out a period of transition towards full independence . 
  is this one of the reasons russia is so pissy with you guys ? 
  no one knows about logo . 
  97 % of the us is not even aware of this logo channel , so no one will be watching . 
  apparently the czechs were writing their poems the whole time . 
  you forgot about gerry . 
  the poles and brits always say that we came in at the last minute . 
  if it was n't for pearl harbor , we might not have come in at all . 
  some wacky stuff in this one . 
  the poles and brits have been reminding us of that for quite some time now . 
  wait , it was n't ? 
  i thought before wwi it was called gypsinia . 
  oh wow , never seen the shit eating jealousy one . 
  harsh brah, 
  rugby is badass , as is australian rules football . 
  one can see how antipodeans would not take kindly to theatrics . 
  i knew it , they just seem so decent . 
  the four greatest countries on earth , undoubtedly . 
  as do our canadian brethren . 
  what about the kiwis ? 
  that 's great . 
  i 'm stealing it . 
  well , we did n't have `` killed jews '' for germany , so that 's nice . 
  and they do n't make clean diesel cars either . 
  vw `` clean diesel '' power plants will produce any shortfall from renewables . 
  you never know , vw 's campaign to kill the electric car might be a success .
