  and then being asked where they are really from , bc obviously they are not real americans , you can understand the frustration . 
  i 'll just quickly point out that both these kids were so ny it hurts , were born here , and had no accent . 
  pshh , who would be disappointed with an italian ? 
  that 's actually backwards , the french do n't give a fuck about quebec , and think the quebecois sound like illiterate farmers . 
  wow , how was 18,000 feet ? 
  how long did you have to acclimatize ? 
  username checks out ? 
  some people are scared to move across the world and go to where they speak a different language . 
  maybe she had a boyfriend at home she did n't want to leave , but she did n't want you to know . 
  and some can not afford to go abroad . 
  does n't mean they are bad people . 
  sounds like you know some extremist red necks . 
  very interesting . 
  other parts of my family left austria , russia , prussia and poland bc they were being persecuted . 
  so i do n't have any special animosity towards romania , it just was n't fun to be jewish in europe . 
  there is a mathematical formula for the visas . 
  if a certain percentage of people from a country overstay , there is no waiver . 
  why my fam left romania in the 1880s . 
  if i visit germany , will you grope me ? 
   does your username have anything to do with a lack of potatoes ? 
  sheeeit, 
  ee peeps have amazing food , are not arrogant , are not blatantly anti-american , and are very hardworking . 
  10/10 , please immigrate here . 
  what ? 
  sour cream is banned ? 
  so noord brabant is best brabant ? 
  ha , went from one hated group to another !, 
  my ex grew up in the alicante area , and her parents were abused hardcore for being catalan speakers . 
  fuck franco . 
  spain had/has some real wacky shit going on with their various identities . 
  look up who ihr.org is . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  her father converted to protestantism in spain ? 
  the stories i have read were about orthodox jews in their hats and black jackets . 
  as you know , there are many places in europe where they will be harassed . 
  i 've read that due to population and economic trends , it 's all but mathematically certain that this is their last chance to assert any ambitions . 
  putin knows time is running out . 
  initially the croats were very laxical in murdering jews , which of course angered hitler . 
  you guts were much more focused on killing serbs with knives . 
  but after pressure from the nazis , the ustache finally did start killing large numbers of jews . 
  the nazis were a bit perturbed with your methods on the serbs . 
  i 'm quite aware or the over repsentation of jews in the early soviet period . 
  however , the source you used shows you are nit a serious person worthy of having and discussion with . 
  now go back and dress up in your grandfather 's ustache uniform , and have some fun with the rest of your night . 
  i saw those places on the train from rome to ancona . 
  could not believe that exists in western europe . 
  that movie was nuts !, 
  wwii , i thought they were all wiped out , and the few that survived left . 
  do some reading on the ustache . 
  you can say israelis kill muslims , but when did jews kill christians on a large scale ? 
  that conversation theory has been debunked by genetic testing . 
  askenazis and sephardis have the same `` jewish genetic markers . 
  specifically , the kahzar theory has been disproven . 
  bulgarians too , right ? 
  better to be a jew in the us than israel . 
  do n't you think people getting killed by the czars would join any movement against it ? 
  one of the coolest things i 've learned from / r/europe is the positive relationship between israel and cz , and how well jews are treated in cz . 
  did they move there after the war ? 
  your mother grew up in spain ? 
  i ca n't speak for europeans of course , but we tend to call any former communist nation ee . 
  it 's not about geography . 
  anyway , we do n't have prejudices against ee'ers , and think you are hard working people who do n't lecture us , and are n't complete wusses . 
  czechs are very pro-israel . 
  if you are comparing the federal education budget , it wo n't be much , it 's a local thing . 
  my brother pay 's $ 35k in property taxes a year so his kids can go to one of the best schools in the country , not cheap !, 
  we have creationism in public schools here ? 
  til, 
  we are a bit isolated over here ... toronto blue jays might make it to the world series this year ... 
  well , there was the tv show beverly hills 90210 ... 
  i do n't think there is so much of a difference among high school around most of the country , besides the obvious rural/urban divide . 
  on exception would be down south/texas , where high school american football is almost as popular as college/nfl . 
  they are nuts with it , and it 's a big part of their lives . 
  i think that is where the whole `` jock '' thing would be the biggest . 
  contrast that with ny/new england , where parents do n't want their kids playing football so much , and lacrosse gets bigger every day . 
  please do n't take movies/tv as a serious basis for social aspects of high school in the us . 
  niagara falls is in western , ny :-d ( i only know this bc i married a girl from upstate , i used to call it upstate too ) . 
  look up lake placid , the adirondack mountains are beautiful . 
  well , they were very conservative people . 
  they got upset when we went on vacation together at age 25 . 
  lol . 
  just curious , why would you want to go to upstate ny ? 
  it 's a beautiful place , but most people in the us would n't really think about going there . 
  in nyc we have a chain called fika :-d, 
  the winter is n't too bad in southern sweden , is it ? 
  man , that 's pretty crazy from my perspective . 
  i guess that is one of the reasons there is no gay marriage in germany . 
  ah , she was a catalan speaker . 
  my friend married a russian , icon cards randomly throughout the house . 
  is noord brabant best brabant ? 
  in a state run school ? 
  cross in a state school ? 
  you from spain ? 
  near alicante . 
  i have a jewish background , they had no issues with that . 
  like i said , they were n't religious at all , but bloody jesus everywhere . 
  martin luther is dissapoint, 
  a long time ago i dated a girl from spain , and they had jesus all over their house , but were n't religious at all . 
  was wondering if anywhere else in europe was like that . 
  her parents would be in their mid 60s now , seems like later generations do n't go for it . 
  nope,
