  ukraine also signed an agreement with the eu and aligned itself with the eu . 
  so even if it is not in the eu , you are not doing anything for a neighbor and friend . 
  looks terrible . 
  that is the point she is making . 
  you are probably the third european to accuse me of wanting to invade today . 
  i assure you that none of us want that , we are sick of adventurism . 
  i just hope that propagandists do n't try to work people up about american deaths . 
  look at all my comments , i want no us military involvement at all . 
  it 's not even an option for european countries . 
  but maybe france should n't sell them ships ? 
  just a thought . 
  because so many of us want to distance ourselves from western europe , we will not do more than sanctions . 
  this is a european problem . 
  i honestly do n't think anyone serious will want more than strong sanctions . 
  but that is as far as we should go . 
  that would be great , but the most i ever see happening would be an unarmed observer force . 
  i hope the distancing part happens . 
  i have a crush on you . 
  it was part of why we declared war , not just got involved . 
  got ta love the zimmerman telegram too . 
  when the germans sunk the lusitania , a lot of americans died and it was a big part of the reason we got involved in wwi . 
  hence my comment . 
  of course it sucks when anyone dies . 
  no , do n't you see my flair ? 
  i literally want to invade every country on earth . 
  even australia . 
  watch out man !, 
  stop being a douche , i said nothing about invasion . 
  i want no invasion , i want nothing to do with this . 
  now get over yourself and grow up , i was only talking about sanctions . 
  i would give my standard speech about how i want a strong and militarily relevant germany , but that never goes over well . 
   whoever did it , almost certainly rebels , did likely not do it intentionally . 
  even though the rebels are called terrorists , this would be the first real act of terrorism . 
  but again , it was most likely an accident . 
  agreed , when it was shot down a leader tweeted that they got another ukraine plane . 
  the only thing the eu will ever do is sanctions , if that . 
  so you are telling me that it is n't even possible for this to effect eu policy ? 
  i 'm not saying war will be declared , but if russians did it , or separatists without russia 's knowledge , but with their equipment , i would think there will be some ind of response . 
  most likely sanctions . 
  nope . 
  but this plane thing is a wild card for everyone now . 
  because an council member has an absolute veto . 
  russia would use its veto . 
  the us would do the same . 
  unless there is some wish for peacekeepers that i do n't know about . 
  only if there were americans on board . 
  i highly doubt that any run of the mill separatist could use these systems . 
  unless ukrainian defectors from the air defense wing are involved . 
  un peacekeeping forces near any security council member will never , ever happen . 
  now that it is likely that many eu citizens have died , do you that that will change ? 
  well you are certainly close to the issue . 
  i think there is relevance to eu citizens being on the plane , it gives the eu a reason to unite . 
  i do n't know if that will happen . 
  i wonder what france will do . 
  i do n't disagree with any of that . 
  this is really fucked up . 
  interestingly my friend is in russia with his russian citizen wife and their baby . 
  he is there for two more weeks . 
  i wonder if any complications could arise . 
  probably not . 
   pis - party ruled by crazy catholic guy , who given the opportunity would declare war on russia i do n't think that would go very well . 
  there are closet racists , and there are straight up nationalists . 
  i do n't think they are in the same league at all . 
  missiles from the '50s can do that . 
  funny , they call the ukrainians nazis . 
  regardless , this is a huge tragedy . 
  what repercussions will there be if there are many eu passengers ? 
  angry bosniaks threw a hand grenade into a retreating dutch apc . 
  i do n't think many people blame the regular troops , just the higher ups . 
  it is also a shame that the french denial of air strikes is not as widely known . 
  effective air support could have changed everything . 
  i 'm not so sure the serbs would have killed 300 dutch troops , that would bring the entire force of nato on them , un would be out the window . 
  i do think some commanders would take the risk that the serbs would not attack . 
  however , i need to research more before i draw any conclusions . 
  so many people here seem to think that soldiers never take huge risks or sacrificed themselves for a cause greater than themselves . 
  there are many examples of it . 
  the bosnian serbs shelled the dutch , and the dutch called for air suport . 
  how would that not be self defense ? 
  i know , i 've been there , and that is why i asked him . 
  maybe he thinks he is a cosmopolitan person from the coast . 
  i also looked at his comment history and he is some kind of segregationist/nationalist . 
  keeping that balkan spirit alive !, 
  but he should know that if you do n't want to die/protect people , do n't join the army . 
  if the dutch soldiers were conscripts , i suppose that is a different story . 
  are you a balkan peasant ? 
  i need to ask / r/military or some other such sub what would happen if american/canadian/uk ( and i guess nz/aus ) troops were there . 
  it seems like there is some kind of consensus that they would have fought and died . 
  i 'd like to think they would , but i do n't know if it is true or not . 
  i also do n't think we would send people in with such ludicrous restrictions . 
  though who knows . 
  i need to research a little more before i answer one of your other replies , but i would like to know if there is anger about the french un troops refusing air support ? 
  did n't they hang you out to dry ? 
  do n't let it make you too sad , it 's just people being douches . 
  and since the economist is read by a lot of english people , there is going to be more of those comments . 
  and i 'm sure it can be hurtful , but a lot of english people i know are just wise asses about it , they do n't actually mean any harm . 
  anyway , here in ` murica , we think your team has amazing sportsmanship . 
  our game against you made people ( like me ) that thought soccer was a bunch of diving ballerinas realize it can be a great sport . 
  ( belgium match was great too ), 
  +1 for rusk . 
  fuck that shit .
