  more info : http://www.politico.com/story/2013/04/what-is-an-enemy-combatant-090436, 
  well , if it makes you feel any better , i actually worked in a law firm for a number of the detainees ( a word which obviously derives from detention ) , so i am a bit familiar with this . 
  here is what the term enemy combatant means : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enemy_combatant you can read how things started to change in 2008 . 
  the biggest difference between this and what may is proposing is that the gitmo detention would not work on american soil . 
  anyone on american soil is subject to the jurisdiction of the constitution . 
  so internment in the style that was applied to the ira on british soil can not happen here , it would never even get close to being constitutional . 
  i 'm not saying gitmo was great ( though so many of the people we released went right back to terrorism , so they were not all innocent ) , but it is very different to what may proposed , and what was done in the past in the uk . 
  she wants the right to detain anyone ( including uk citizens ) on uk soil when there is not enough evidence to prosecute . 
  that is a magnitude of order worse than gitmo . 
  if you want to go through my history , you can see that i went through the whole gitmo/detention bit , though it 's possible there are slight differences between english/american terminology . 
  in the us , the most famous internment was of the japanese . 
  these were people who were placed into camps with co accusation of wrongdoing , simply because of their japanese ancestry . 
  this was done on american soil . 
  gitmo was for enemy combatants , who are not entitled to protections of the us constitution , and just to make sure , they were never let on american soil for that very reason . 
  detention ( at least in the american sense ) is like what you posted above , when suspected criminals are held without charge . 
  due the constitution , you only have a very limited time to detain someone . 
  what the uk did in ni would be considered detention , not internment . 
  so perhaps we are just splitting hairs over a word . 
  no , i mean that she wants to be able to detain people without criminally charging them . 
  not interning for long periods of time . 
   `` and i mean doing more to restrict the freedom and the movements of terrorist suspects when we have enough evidence to know they present a threat , but not enough evidence to prosecute them in full in court . 
   `` and if human rights laws stop us from doing it , we will change those laws so we can do it . '' https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jun/06/theresa-may-rip-up-human-rights-laws-impede-new-terror-legislation, 
  that 's why i was a bit confused about the map ... 
  visiting is different than living/working , no ? 
  i do n't know if they will pull it off , but they really are trying to get caretaker robots . 
  the government can take my porn from my cold , dead hands . 
  absolutely correct , he 's far more embarrassing as well . 
  he does want to take healthcare away from millions of people , mocks disabled people , is a philandering misogynist , etc. 
  but may advocating for detention without charges , locking down the internet , restricting speech and all the rest , puts her in the authoritarian camp . 
  trump is a wannabe authoritarian , because he has to contend with congress and scotus , but even what he advocates for does n't go as far as she does . 
  on the bright side , the brits have a good chance of her being out of power soon . 
  we have to pray for impeachment or wait 4 years . 
  what a charmer, 
  i do n't know about that . 
  trump is obviously awful , but may straight up advocates for surveillance , detention and ripping up human rights . 
  they are both in the highest echelons of human garbage . 
  i 'm a bit confused , what is this chart ? 
  oh yeah , if there is any country on earth that is going to want free movement for foreigners , it 's japan . 
  looking at this pic makes me feel peaceful . 
  italy colonized them for a bit . 
  i totally agree with you , which is why asking if cali wants to leave is nonsensical . 
  no one even thinks about that . 
  you do hear of areas in states or specific cities that would like to secede from a state , but never the country . 
  he 's talking about today . 
   do you really think californians want to stay in the usa uh , yes . 
  you think nyc wants to leave the us too ? 
  i love drunk british tough guys . 
  they just assume whoever they start with will try to deescalate . 
  if you get pissed off right away , they do n't even know what to do . 
  again , there are a few americans who will go for the culture and language , so it 's not just about money . 
  there is no `` avg '' house/apt cost . 
  i live in the suburbs on a decent sized property next to protected wetlands , have a 2 car garage , and a driveway with 5 spots in a very desirable town . 
  but my house would n't even buy a 1 bedroom apartment in midtown manhattan . 
   trump is also showing that america is a country with checks and balance . 
  yes , my in-laws were convinced that internment camps would be opened the day after inauguration , ridiculous . 
  but hey , give jt credit for being good with public relations , we could have very easily stayed in the paris accord and just ignored it . 
  instead trump made us look awful . 
  as for hypocrisy , that 's quite common . 
  look at the germans and swedes going on all the time about pacifism , yet they have massive arms industries . 
  look at the germans blabbing about the environment all the time , and actually increasing coal use . 
  germany could learn from france on real world defense policy and nuke power . 
  and you are right , we are nowhere near 2003 , and hopefully wo n't ever have that kind of relationship again . 
  are you in montreal by any chance ? 
  great city . 
  $ 4k is a rather extreme example , as they have 2 children , and often work late . 
  they have a terrible work life balance , so stressed out . 
  but , that is their choice to work so much and spending so much money . 
  i have a state job , so i 'm in the impossible to fire category , get an pension , 35 hours a week and all that , but i to have to deal with a very rigid hierarchy . 
  my wife is a mid level exec at a fortune 500 , and has really done well for herself , so that 's where the money comes from . 
  hard to generalize for everywhere , but yes , good areas are very safe . 
  i rarely lock my house or cars . 
  there is no crime . 
  whether people actually move to france with this scheme , i do n't know , but i do hope our countries become closer , and i think macron is sparking a lot of interest here . 
  in some kind of way , i think trump will be beneficial for us in the long run , it 's making many of us more receptive to foreign criticism . 
  i could really see macron getting on well with a reasonable american president . 
  that being said macron is brand new , we 'll see what he actually gets accomplished . 
  i dated a spanish girl who moved to the us , so i had a different experience . 
  i did notice there were some spanish cliques . 
  the one french girl who hung out with us was of turkish origin . 
  we had germans , italians , spanish , americans , brits that all socialized together . 
  best experience of my life . 
  there are still plenty of `` diverse '' cities , chicago , boston , philly , dc ( maybe ) , la , portland , seattle , etc. 
  etc. ,, 
  most professional couples i know are making over $ 300k , some a lot more . 
  i do have one friend that pays a nanny $ 4k a month , he 'd kill for $ 10k a year in childcare !, 
  is stock compensation common in france ? 
  that type of bonus really adds up over the years . 
  it 's a savings multiplier . 
  my wife and i are in a higher bracket with no kids , and could probably afford a smallish place in manhattan . 
  we did the burbs instead , bc that is where my wife works . 
  we would be doing fine . 
  you need something like $ 1m a year to do sf/nyc comfortably with kids . 
  but that is not true for the rest of the country . 
  it 's not just nyc , it 's many cities , large and small in the northeast . 
  that depends where you are . 
  if you live in an urban area that developed before wwii , it 's going to be walkable . 
  otherwise , not so much . 
  even though we spied on you during his administration ? 
  yeah , that 's definitely true . 
  but not bc creationism,
