  have they installed bollards or barriers ? 
  cover of bild tomorrow . 
  that is true , but the uk is very good with taking precautions , like putting bollards in front of their christmas markets . 
  i do not believe that is the case in germany . 
  it 's a place that keeps getting in the way of the german army . 
  who says your brother ca n't rape you ? 
  yeah , i remember buying crappy tabloids in the uk in the 90s , because the dorm did n't have internet . 
  he probably grew up under the despotic rule of jaba the hutt . 
  no wonder he has such poor morals . 
  that 's nice . 
  you got that backwards bub . 
  http://i.imgur.com/abrse5r.png by the great / u/koleye, 
  i learned that at a semester in the uk . 
  i 'm not even getting involved with the actual debate . 
  i 'm saying we are not taught that . 
  colloquially in the us , people will call great britain `` england , '' and ireland is just ireland . 
  so much love itt, 
  they did n't throw it away , it was taken away . 
  we definitely are not taught that . 
  the fella is just trying to rile you up . 
  where did they teach you that ? 
  i never heard of ireland being called a british isle before watching these reddit fights . 
  donegal accent is best accent . 
  many car companies are working on alternatives to internal combustion . 
  fines for lying/cheating . 
  yep . 
  merkel made a fortune for smugglers , but i guess you ca n't take as much credit if you ca n't see the refugees up close . 
  i think the plan might backfire though . 
  if you give a shit about the refugees , that is how to actually help genuine refugees . 
  just letting anyone who makes it in to the eu favors young male economic refugees and people with enough money to pay smugglers . 
  `` if you make it here you can stay '' is half assed bullshit . 
  i think those are great steps . 
  i was expecting some kind of protests to try to force car companies to pay fines and/or invest in renewable energy . 
  very sad , but not surprising . 
  some people are upset about climate change , however , there is no regulations on co2 from autos , nor auto companies lying about it . 
  there was an actual massive scandal by vw , euro cities are covered in smog , and people are getting sick . 
  i 'm not saying there should be riots in the street , i 'm saying people seem to be pretty `` meh '' about it , and that surprises me . 
  kind of looks like it from the video . 
  i 'm a huge car guy , i do n't expect people to dump their cars . 
  i 'm just talking about being angry over smog covered cities , people dying from particulates and for huge companies making money off all this by lying . 
  the impression i get is that most europeans care about health and the environment , i would have thought the vw scandal alone would have made people quite upset . 
  because we put in very strict regulations in the '70s when faced with things like the smog paris and milan are facing today . 
  that does n't happen in this country anymore . 
  the shift to diesel in the eu was one of the hugest mistakes ever . 
  those particulates are needlessly killing thousands a year , and blanket cities in smog . 
  what i do n't get is the lack of outrage about this by the population in europe . 
  i can now buy beer at movie theaters here , yay . 
  i forgot about the amsterdam bit in the movie . 
  actually they are busting people left and right for growing weed in the netherlands . 
  looks like 7/11 ... 
  never stepped foot in belgium , have been to amsterdam though . 
  you guys do have la trappe , but i ca n't think of anything else off the top of my head . 
  belgium , denmark , norway , sweden , its easy to find good beers from them in the us , why not netherlands ? 
  they have terrible beer in the netherlands , you should just give them some . 
  you guys can borrow the tanks whenever you want , go for it . 
  maybe liberate some beer from belgium this weekend . 
  it will be very easy to invade the hague this way . 
  you an attorney ? 
  you are posting this on every single thread ... howe much per post ? 
  sometimes these people have arms , sometimes they do n't . 
  very confusing . 
  :-( i guess i should ' t ask random redditors to send me a package :-(, 
  is your postal service strict with contraband ? 
  yah , canadians are good too . 
   what if i 'm a mix of aboriginal , irish and english though ? 
  then you 're probably are the worst alcoholic in human history . 
  it does n't mean they live here . 
  even here in nyc i would n't say there is near 15 % . 
  how the hell can americans think there is 15 % muslims in this country ? 
  ridiculous . 
  welp , that 's disturbing, 
  all that great beer would prevent my suicide . 
  he did it wrong anyway , if he wanted to fit in , he should of waited until he had a daughter and a basement . 
  yeah , we get our fair share of nuts going on about white devils on the subway ... 
  her poor family , this did n't have to happen . 
  absolute disgrace . 
  wowzers . 
  might have just been a mentally ill person . 
   as a relatively newly-arrived refugee , the trip to the swimming pool was organised as part of public integration efforts . 
  what a piece of shit this guy is . 
  vw club meeting . 
  what did you do to provoke the young lady ? 
  i 'm happy for them too , they fled a terrible war and now are living the american dream . 
  thx for the kind words :-), 
  i know mostly bosnians , but yes , all the balkan folks i know are doing great , while their parents still work menial jobs . 
  i know insurance execs , physical therapists and bankers to name a few . 
  as you may know , you ca n't just come to the us and not work , you 'll be on the street . 
  so free loading immigrants really are n't a thing here . 
  so yeah , all you ex yugos are doing very well . 
  no prob , have a good one, 
  it was very common for balkan folks who came here as refugees in the 90s to work low skilled jobs . 
  they did it for their children , who are now kicking ass . 
  same in nyc , we are filled to the brim with immigrants . 
  it causes billionaires to run up real estate prices and a lot of high paying jobs . 
  the worst man . 
  look up cryogenic storage . 
  i 'm sure he would have stayed in germany if he knew his name would have been mispronounced here . 
  hitler was made of atoms , so they do have a point . 
  jeffrey dahmer too . 
  umm , would n't fusion power be the greatest thing that ever happened as far as clean energy ?
