  that being said , i 've met some of the greatest people ever , and i 'm friends with them for 20 years now . 
  i also ca n't say how racist any non-english speaking country is . 
  for all i know , the brits might be the least racist . 
  i always did have the impression they were the least racist people in europe , but then brexit ... 
  it was interesting for me , i 'm not visibly jewish , and i ended upo hearing a billion jew comments . 
  but they were never about me , but it was still unpleasant . 
  it then happened to me in sante fe , new mexico . 
  so biker guy in a bar was complaining about his `` jewboy boss . '', 
  i got pretty pissed and told him i was offended . 
  i was so pissed , my wife got all nervous . 
  anyway , i 'm high af , sorry for rambling . 
  it 's been quite awhile , stop being a sore loser . 
  thx , i only knew of sarah 's key . 
  us also waited until 1944 to ensure the soviets took damage as long as possible . 
  we waited too long , as they got to berlin first . 
  yeah , since most of their fighting men died in wwi , they had to rely on their imperial forces . 
  meh , we are n't in the commonwealth and all that , the biggest english influence was the language and the common law . 
  so i 'd put the us as a notch below the other countries when it comes to english culture . 
  ireland speaks english , but i do n't think it wants any part of the anglosphere politically . 
  are there french films on the jews in the velodrome ? 
  well , we won , kind of makes sense , no ? 
  and the germans were utterly defeated , and are critically trying to make sense of it . 
  france lost quickly , and rounded up the jews quite voluntarily . 
  does n't make for good cinema . 
  movement of labor . 
  there is a difference between saving persecuted people , and boatloads of economic immigrants . 
  i doubt he would say not to let in yazidis for example . 
  in the case of federal systems , i think it 's ok to have impressive courthouses , as it communicates thst the judiciary is just as important as the legislature/executive . 
  that was my point , you can say there are issues with some specific groups , not all muslims . 
  lol , it 's hard to reddit at work sometimes . 
  i 'm a lawyer . 
  yes , the h-1b get abused , no doubt . 
  i thought our savior was going to limit their use , but i have n't heard much about it . 
  but the foreign worker abuse in canada seems worse , as they go for many lower skilled office jobs . 
  i 'm loving everyone trying to convince you that your life is shit , and you just do n't know it . 
  but / r/europe told me that american scientific researchers work for $ 2 an hour plus tips , are required to go to church , and verbally abused all day . 
  work culture for sceintific research is bad in the us ? 
  it 's not mcdonalds or finance you know . 
  i do n't know , all the extra scientists may depress the crust of the earth in france , leading to massive flooding . 
  may 's got some snazzy kicks !, 
  i ca n't believe the whole tfw thing , it 's fucking insane . 
  in this country , the ~ ~ 10b-5 ~ ~ h1-b gets abused , but it 's in select industries . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but do n't they invite foreigners over without justification for low/mid skilled jobs , and pay them less than canadians ? 
  but i 'm sorry , bad immigration/employment policy is n't a reason to abuse the shit out of a guy who went through legal channels to become a citizen . 
  i think the chinese get the most hate in that sub . 
  i 'd like to touch your inner child . 
  on what basis do people hate poles ? 
  stealing jobs ? 
  crime ? 
  they will tear each other down for no reason at all . 
  source : former teenager . 
   we must be fair though , some polish immigrants are known to be really fucking shitty and just pathological . 
  that 's true about every group , is n't it ? 
  you could have just hung out at / r/canada to learn that . 
  i remember some pakistani guy posted his canadian citizenship plaque , and he got abused so bad that he deleted his account . 
  hell , / r/murica will trip over itself fapping over new citizens , and this guy got shit on . 
  i 'm not saying canadians bad people by any means , just that reality does n't always match the image . 
  i have a friend who is a teacher in a poor , rural area of england . 
  she says the abuse of polish children in schools is brutal , and that even polish adults get screamed at in the street . 
  i ca n't really comprehend that . 
  umm , here in nyc we have shitloads of hardworking muslim biz owners from all over the place , i doubt anyone is going to call them lazy . 
  somalis are one thing , but you ca n't say `` muslims '' are lazy . 
  makes sense , since the french places i 've eaten at tend to be casual `` peasant '' food . 
  did have an amazing veal stew at a nice place though . 
  i believe germany does have a very independent judiciary , and we certainly do . 
  once appointed , they are almost impossible to impeach . 
  yes , i 've heard that . 
  i 've also heard law firms that worked with him required more than one lawyer always be present because he would lie so often . 
  everything the man says is worthless . 
  you are happy to pay for his hoes ? 
   anyway , what you are commenting never happened to me in my entire life , so i guess you had bad luck . 
  you probably do n't eat at tourist traps . 
  this was awhile ago , but i was in a small city on the costa blanca in spain , and was walking by an outdoor cafe that looked closed . 
  there was a single waiter there who was straightening up the tables , and a german family asked if they were open . 
  the waiter starts screaming at them in spanish , and throws a chair at the wall , walks away . 
  i guess he told them it was closed . 
  shout out to ireland for having absolutely amazing customer service . 
  al gore was on colbert show last night and said he thought trump would reconsider his climate stance when he met with him after the election . 
  obviously it did n't happen . 
  trump just tells people what they want to hear . 
  it helped sway a presidential election ... 
  i know parts of my family left bulgaria for nyc in the 1880s , and i used to listen to radio sophia in the 80s on shortwave . 
  damn , good luck to the people in the area . 
  it 's a great city . 
   the bloody annoying issue with that is if germany is pro-active , it gets accused for being too dominant ( reeee nazis ! ) . 
  and if you ` support from the side ' you get smacked for not taking responsibility while being a ( relative ) dominant political and economic power . 
  that happens to every great power , you will be criticized for every single thing you do . 
  still might make a statistical difference . 
  these tags can be removed easily . 
  tattoos would work better . 
  we largely get to pick who we want . 
  the chart might have to be adjusted if you legalize abortion . 
  i committed the sin of not going back to the article and double checking before posting a comment . 
  germany is a special ase . 
  labor and management has have purposely colluded to hold wages down . 
  seems to have worked quite well for their economy . 
  it 's not , they measure disposable income . 
  meaning after housing , health insurance , etc. 
  edit : i 'm wrong, 
  the holy trinity !,
