   i 'm very curious how such an event will be dealt with riots and nationalism . 
  xenophobia and demographic decline . 
  people complain about japan 's insane homogeneity a decent bit . 
  le whovian army . 
  hooligans and whatnot ? 
  since we are on the topic of hockey and sweden , howard = lundvquist , in the sense that they were the only reason their respective teams had a chance . 
  but in both examples , you need some offense as well !, 
  all they would have to do for soccer here is ad those type of timeouts . 
  hell , they may already do it in mls . 
  we 'll still drone them , but the oil was just chavs hair . 
  i do n't mind you at all . 
  in fact , i like you . 
  because meta ? 
  just joking around . 
  2 for the price of 1 upvote . 
  you did upvote me , right ? 
  seriously , the commonwealth would have a serious rape deficit without india . 
  queen elizabeth would be very upset to hear that . 
  but they lost the best part . 
  oh yeah , ask a canadian . 
  it 's because it is n't funny . 
  china is not impressed . 
  i 'm actually sitting in lower manhattan right now , i 've never heard this . 
  i guess because they were with the dutch west india company , it is n't mentioned . 
  well you should be very proud that your nation had some part in founding the greatest city on earth . 
  also , i love your fucking beer . 
  mcdonalds . 
  evil , from the austin powers fame , was the son of `` a relentlessly self-improving boulangerie owner from belgium with low-grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery ... who would make outrageous claims like he invented the question mark . '', 
  this ca n't be overlooked . 
  evil plotted to detonate the world and cause all its volcanoes to erupt at once , after all . 
   your biggest city is named after a sprout . 
  i do n't know , i find this to be a bridge too far . 
  i apologize . 
  this is n't journalism , it 's a joke . 
  like literally a joke to get people to go `` hahaha . '', 
  i 'm not sure treason against a state still exists ( it certainly does n't as far as real world application ) , but even if it did , the death penalty would be technically available in 32 states ( though many of those states do not actually use the death penalty ) . 
  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/states-and-without-death-penalty http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_convicted_of_treason#united_states the federal government has executed 3 people since 1976 : http://www.bop.gov/about/history/federal_executions.jsp there are a 73 of people on federal death row : http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/federal-death-row-prisoners#list i 'm not sure if there are actual plans to execute these people . 
  while i 'm not sure if you meant `` us '' to mean federal , even if you did , i do n't think it fair to say the primary focus is on `` vengance . '', 
  a lot of it is about deterrence . 
  but it 's ok to disagree . 
  you know there is not a `` us '' system , right ? 
  there is a federal system , there are state systems , and then you have town systems . 
  all have different rules and philosophy . 
  you want to say somewhere like texas , were they want to execute as many people as possible is too focused on vengeance ? 
  well that would make sense , and is not a crazy statement . 
  but many other places have different strategies , and some states are very focused on rehabilitation and reduced recidivism . 
  so you ca n't really make blanket statements like that . 
  just like you ca n't say `` the us hates gay marriage '' or `` or marijuana is illegal in the us . '', 
  you are n't totally wrong of course . 
  during the huge increase in crime from the late '70s to the mid '90s , the majority of the population of the whole country was very strongly in favor of the death penalty , and the idea of improving people went out the window . 
  most of the country is rolling that back now , especially in the face of wrongly convicted people being proved innocent by dna evidence . 
  i suppose we are just into semantics now , but punishment would be the more proper word . 
  yeah , sorry , was on the phone and missed the main point of your comment . 
  did n't mean to go on an exposition of american law . 
  i am an american lawyer ; i do a lot of work in securities , so i 've actually been learning some german law . 
  for the most part i do us/uk/irish law . 
  there are so many different ways of handling insanity defenses here , sometimes the judge decides it , sometimes the jury . 
  every state is different . 
  well i 'm not sure how it works in norway , but in the us , if you are totally insane , you are not fit to stand trial , and you are kept in a psych ward until you are competent , which may never happen . 
  if you are sane enough to stand trial , but at the time of the crime you did not understand what you were doing was wrong , you can be `` guilty but insane '' or `` not guilty by reason of insanity , '' etc. 
  but just because you are not found insane enough to not understand what you did was wrong , does n't mean that you are not mentally ill . 
  so you can be pretty messed up in the head , but not be legally insane . 
  edit : i missed the first bit of your comment . 
  if i recall , it was brevik himself who swore he was fine , and refused any treatment . 
  so the judge agreed i guess ? 
  never been . 
  i just count on reddit for all my info , why travel ? 
  i assume the barman has a doctorate in organic chemistry , serves only organic products , and would be happy to discuss literature/philosophy with me for hours ? 
  this is n't right ? 
  oh , i must not have paid close enough attention . 
  i suppose the doctors meant he was fit to stand trial , and was not so mentally ill that he could not be held responsible . 
  that does n't mean he is totally normal . 
  ha , do n't be such a tough guy about 1812 . 
  yes , canadians did plenty , but the british did most . 
  but who brags about a war from 200 years ago anyway ? 
  he is n't sick though , he is totally rational . 
  just because someone does a horrible thing does not mean they are mentally ill . 
  not just women 's prisons , but white collar crime prisons . 
  they are called club fed . 
  i do n't think the bartenders in norway are expected to be drunk and racist . 
  so i 'm not sure the analogy works . 
  how dare you like california !!, 
  you are literally a nazi . 
  this sub scares me sometimes . 
  uh , our system is not good , and i 'm not going to defend it , but is is n't actually set up with the intent of creating rape farms . 
  he was being a wise-ass . 
  usa is nato . 
  do n't listen to that idiot american , that is not how it is . 
  do n't get me wrong prison can be violent and all , but it 's not a guaranteed rapefest for everyone . 
  regardless , we need less people in prison in this country , it is just a jobs program . 
  no need to keep thousands of non-violent people locked up . 
  new ? 
  brits have been committing crimes on vacation for decades . 
  it was my understanding that other countries were willing to `` buy '' the boats from france . 
  but perhaps that was just a rumor . 
  regardless , this just does n't look good , makes nato look weak and conflicted . 
  actually , we might be sending drones to the uk soon , as they are trying to force [ this obscenity ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-28070716 ) on us . 
  of course , that might get us expedited entry to the eu . 
  why is there no choice ? 
  perhaps you 've heard of alaska ?
