  so you can say republicans are socially conservative , but their policy is not nationalist , though it might be militarist . 
  i would n't get trump too mixed up with republican policy , he is his own creature . 
  obviously there are many republican voters who support him , but he 's an authoritarian populist . 
  you 'll also notice he never talks about religion , not even at the convention , which is different than most republicans . 
  as far `` family values '' afd is crazy with that , and i believe there are multiple polish parties which are concerned about gay marriage , etc. 
  there were multiple pro-gay statements at the republican convention , and trying to get rid of gay marriage was barely mentioned . 
  we have constitutionally protected gay marriage and abortion here , so i do n't think that 's insane christianity , unless you are saying the views of republicans are insane . 
  i 'm not a republican btw , and in general think they are an anti-intellectual group of clowns , but they are light years from the likes of jobbik , afd and gd . 
  of course , i used to do it all the time as a kid . 
  especially when were were on a school trip in the bus . 
  depends what you mean by right wing . 
  economically only ? 
  maybe not . 
  nationalists ? 
  definitely yes . 
  you are a good dude . 
   bribery of policemen is unheard of . 
  dammit, 
  fair point . 
  you even imported the violence ??? 
  it 's dying down a bit here too bc of the online deals . 
  i appreciate the info . 
  thx . 
  the area is so heavily muslim that there were very low sales of pork/alcohol ? 
  i deserve that . 
   he said the town would have reacted in the same way had a kosher supermarket opened on the site . 
  can any french weigh in on weather that is true or not . 
  i 've never heard of an antipathy towards kosher places in france , but i 'm not in a position to know . 
  their police are very , very good . 
  apparently they like importing parts of our culture . 
  for example , they do black friday ( as in the day after thanksgiving ) sales over there . 
  that 's mind-boggling . 
  a sale a day after an american holiday ? 
  uk needs to get rid of black friday too . 
  it seems to be a one way flow . 
  they did put in a request , someone had a link . 
  that 's some wacky stuff . 
  thanks !, 
  interesting , maybe you have then . 
  last i heard about it was monday . 
  i do n't believe they 've filed a formal request . 
  edit : they did, 
  ok , i just know that a formal request has not been made . 
  edit : they did, 
  question , why does n't the turkish government send the us evidence to start a extradition process for gulen ? 
  edit : they did request it, 
  i think gd is the worst of the worst , but they have very little popular support l. 
  if they have drugs , i 'm inviting them in . 
  i getting criticized because my flair , and butthurt . 
  maybe there are americans in the defaults calling germans nazis all the time , but i 'm not doing it now , nor do i ever . 
  in any event , i think the situation is much more pronounced in austria and france than in germany , and those countries are indeed in north europe . 
  and i agree , it is quite fascinating how there is less extremism in the south . 
  swedes do n't have feelings . 
  i think there was some rioting , but yes , my original comment was how the greeks are not becoming violent or extreme in the face of a lot of hardship . 
  perhaps it has a deterrence factor , but i agree it is mostly political theater . 
  the people did vote that way , and it was ignored . 
  i see all the germans here are taking it so personally , but i guess lots of nasty internet comments can have the effect of causing paranoia . 
  france is the country i am concerned about , though austria might get there too . 
  syriza are not extremists by any definition . 
  they are clowns who had a referendum on austerity , then ignored it . 
  well , for one , there has been violence in germany , and not in greece . 
  honestly , i think france is the biggest powder keg around . 
  there are some areas of eastern germany that reportedly have a lot of anti-immigrant sentiment , but not a lot of immigrants , so perhaps that would keep things down . 
  i hear the amish are big into meth . 
  if these guys all got together it would be a hell of a party . 
  if you want to be completely accurate , these people are asylum seekers . 
  i have no agenda at all , go through my profile . 
  i think simply welcoming waves of people with no screening whatsoever , while at the same time enriching criminal human smugglers was a ridiculous approach . 
  if you honestly care about these people , you would put money into camps near the conflict zones , and have screening procedures for asylum seekers on location . 
  if countries want to accept genuine refugees , while screening out terrorists and economic migrants , i think that is great . 
  basically the whole thing could not have been handled much worse , and it 's being exploited in a way that is going to make things worse for everyone in the long run , especially real refugees . 
  if i recall correctly , they 've only used that law against migrants with very large amounts of cash . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  if there were the same conditions in greece , i think there would be violence . 
  there were already many firebombings in germany . 
  if it 's a racially motivated riot , it 's a pogrom . 
  a pogrom is a riot/massacre , it does n't have to be a massive ethnic cleansing/genocide . 
  i think people could riot , yes , i do n't think it has to be organized by any political party . 
  yeah , it would have no purchasing power , they would n't be able to import anything . 
  it would have been crazy , but maybe better in the long run . 
  it would be a total unknown what would have happened with the drachma , so yeah , no good options . 
  they had the option of going back to the drachma , and defaulting on euro denominated debt . 
  ok , a lot of people seem to be misinterpreting what i said . 
  i 'm not saying that northern europe are a bunch of nazis , i 'm saying it 's remarkable that a country which is in a depression , which is having ruthless austerity forced on it , and which was the primary landing zone for migrants before syria , has not spiraled into extremism . 
  that 's my point , the greek people have shown extreme restraint . 
  if you want to understand where i 'm coming from , i found the german/swedish response to the crisis to be insane and suicidal . 
  accepting countless refugees with no screening whatsoever is inexcusable . 
  if people actually gave a shit about the refugees , they would have deployed resources closer the actual conflict , instead of making human smugglers a fortune . 
  also , if they care about actual refugees , they would have screened them , and barred economic refugees , who are ruining it for the real ones . 
  i honestly ca n't figure out for the life of me if it 's some kind of ploy to make them feel good about themselves , or some kind of plan for cheap labor . 
  i just do n't get it , though i 'd be happy for someone to explain it . 
  i think denmark is the most sane county in northern europe during this entire period . 
  to clarify once more , it 's amazing to me that in such difficult circumstances that greece has not become rife with extremism . 
  and i think it 's possible that in countries where the `` welcoming '' was so extreme risk have an extreme counter reaction , which was foreseeable . 
  that 's great and all , but we are n't talking about the us here . 
  your whataboutism skills are weak . 
  yeah , that 's a fair point . 
  i rarely comment on sweden , but feel free to point out any comments . 
  as far as being `` anti-german , '' that would generally be anti-vw and anti-austerity . 
  yes .
