  you guys are weird sometimes . 
  so they speak like cave men ? 
  there are some restrictions on unpaid internships here . 
  basically they have to significantly benefit the intern in some way , otherwise it 's slavery/failure to pay min wage . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2013/06/13/are-unpaid-internships-illegal/#footnote https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs71.pdf, 
  but latinos are catholic , and fit in fine . 
  i assume he meant large numbers of people from a different religious background . 
  i 'm just saying you are probably much more knowledgeable than your average joe if you have looked at the nato fb page . 
  i love military tech and history , but it never would have crossed my mind to look at that page . 
  not true , have you seen their hats ? 
  no , british humor is funny . 
  if you have like nato on facebook , you probably know your shit . 
  not as efficient as the british . 
  they killed millions with no potatoes at all . 
  kazakhstan has a lot of potassium , but i 've never heard it called a banana republic before . 
  everyone on reddit is an expert on everything . 
  i know this because i 'm an expert on reddit . 
  i should have been more specific , i meant unemployment payments . 
  do these people collect state benefits while working under the table ? 
  yeah , usually . 
  but now that i think about it , they might open out in ireland/uk . 
  they were n't cutting the line , th3ey were lollygagging and not keeping up with it . 
  also , a french guy booed me when i drove by in a car at a national park in ireland . 
  that was weird . 
  apparently he had the right to walk slowly in front if the car as long as he wanted to . 
  umm , maybe it 's a regional thing , but i always say `` excuse me , '' and if that does n't work , it goes to `` buddy '' and `` pal . '', 
  bruh, 
  totes . 
  yeah , sorry about that . 
  no , it was n't about being first , it was about being to busy blabbing to notice the line has moved . 
  the guinness brewery has herders who have to constantly remind italian/spanish/french to move up . 
  there is a huge crowd , we are all lined up in between ropes , and they still could n't figure out that you have to follow the person in front of you when they move forward . 
  ugh , i 'm raging now . 
  thx dude . 
  but they are still far superior to americans . 
  hate to break it to you , but there are a million french tourists here in nyc , and they act perfectly fine . 
  i did see french in ireland have extreme difficulty with the concept of queuing , so at least you have that . 
  though the french were pros compared to the italian and spanish . 
  what is so difficult about the concept of a line ? 
  what ?? 
  na , that 's just the movies . 
  see , people from other backgrounds can fully integrate into german society . 
  i said islamic , not islamists . 
  i did n't know they are synonyms . 
  swedish scalps . 
  forgive my ignorance , what is the difference ? 
  are you referring to the conquest of new spain ? 
  started reading it yesterday . 
  there was a `` prophecy '' that bearded men from the east would come and rule in mexico . 
  it affected montezuma 's dealings with cortez . 
  the us and canada would not do well with a massive influx of islamic refugees . 
  i ca n't speak to the other models , but the wrangler is very simple and reliable . 
  they are probably pretty awesome for australia though . 
  they 'll actually go off the road . 
  does jeep have much of a presence over there ? 
  cologne attacks , the ax attack , the machete attack . 
  these were all by recent immigrants/asylum seekers . 
  i think the issue used to be that there was too much gold in some areas , and not enough in others . 
  over time , the power of the branches has shrunk . 
  thx . 
  and our 2nd amendment does n't actually say anything about resisting , but it was clearly put there to protect from a tyrannical fed gov. 
  though one could argue that right was for the state militia , not individuals . 
  anyway , i still think it 's cool germany has this provision . 
  ooh , it 's your own 2nd amendment . 
  republican enough ? 
  if a monarch is n't the head of state , you are a republic . 
  is there a halfway point ? 
  a lot of former colonial powers let in their former colonists into the homeland in the name of cheap labor . 
  what a great deal !, 
  it 's not so much the case now , but there used to be wildly varying inflation around the country . 
  ny branch still runs the show . 
  https://www.federalreserveeducation.org/about-the-fed/structure-and-functions federal reserve banks a network of 12 federal reserve banks and 24 branches make up the federal reserve system under the general oversight of the board of governors . 
  reserve banks are the operating arms of the central bank . 
  each of the 12 reserve banks serves its region of the country , and all but three have other offices within their districts to help provide services to depository institutions and the public . 
  the banks are named after the locations of their headquarters - boston , new york , philadelphia , cleveland , richmond , atlanta , chicago , st. louis , minneapolis , kansas city , dallas and san francisco . 
  the reserve banks serve banks , the u.s. treasury , and , indirectly , the public . 
  a reserve bank is often called a `` banker 's bank , '' storing currency and coin , and processing checks and electronic payments . 
  reserve banks also supervise commercial banks in their regions . 
  as the bank for the u.s. government , reserve banks handle the treasury 's payments , sell government securities and assist with the treasury 's cash management and investment activities . 
  reserve banks conduct research on regional , national and international economic issues . 
  research plays a critical role in bringing broad economic perspectives to the national policymaking arena and supports reserve bank presidents who all attend meetings of the federal open market committee ( fomc ) . 
  each reserve bank 's board of directors oversees the management and activities of the district bank . 
  reflecting the diverse interests of each district , these directors contribute local business experience , community involvement and leadership . 
  the board imparts a private-sector perspective to the reserve bank . 
  each board appoints the president and first vice president of the reserve bank , subject to the approval of the board of governors . 
  all member banks hold stock in reserve banks and receive dividends . 
  unlike stockholders in a public company , banks can not sell or trade their fed stock . 
  reserve banks interact directly with banks in their districts through examinations and financial services and bring important regional perspectives that help the entire federal reserve system do its job more effectively . 
  land rover will cost too much to maintain , not reliable . 
  at least fiats are cheap to fix . 
  go back to the lira so i can buy a fiat for pennies . 
  thx quitaly !, 
  it is kind of like how the us was set up , but has nothing to do with social security . 
  more like when the federal reserve system was established , and the regional branches of the reserve were supposed to regulate money supply in their region , since the economy was different everywhere in the country . 
  swedaway is just rebranded insect repellent . 
  save your money and just use bug spray on the swedes . 
  yeah , seems like it 's much easier for brits to go to aus/nz than us/ca . 
  we have a work visa program for aussies and kiwis , so there are a bunch of them here . 
  it 's just common sense , you are going to have more in common with people you can actually talk to . 
  all nations should make very long prison sentences joining/aiding a terrorist group .
