  i 'm fine with all the english place names . 
  i ai n't mad . 
   usa square your shit away and make up your own fucking names it was your silly citizens naming crap from back home . 
  you ca n't blame us . 
  tbh , we had finished half a bottle of bourbon by that point . 
  i think it was a female runner . 
  it was on friday night . 
  many people speak english in india and pakistan , but it 's not the primary language . 
  i think almost all irish people do n't want to be in the five eyes or a military alliance , and sometimes that comes to mind when they hear the word `` anglosphere . '', 
  that make sense ? 
  from the 1850s !, 
  very interesting . 
  what is that madness ? 
  lot of them have little italian flags on their cars . 
  it was some random comment where i said ireland was in the anglosphere . 
  i was just thinking of language , but i understand if some irish people do n't want to be lumped into that group . 
  yeah , i know ... 
  so grenada is the greatest athletic country on earth ? 
  lol ? 
  we have the same set up . 
  usa and the peurto rico , virgin islands , gaum , etc. 
  real pissed , i made that mistake once . 
  no need to feel bad for me . 
  i think most people got the `` ayy '' , bc i have n't been downvoted to hell . 
  guess it went over my head . 
  once i walked around there at 3am bc i had insomnia . 
  do not recommend . 
  what can i say ? 
  i love all the slavic languages . 
  ooh la la, 
  india got 2 medals with nearly the same population . 
  hungarian ? 
  once trump is emperor , there will be no more spanish spoken in ` murica . 
  how would team anglosphere do by the gold count ? 
  uk + us = 73 gold, 
  that 's a shame , romanian women are quite lovely . 
  and then there is the bit that rome is in the name itself , kind of gives it away . 
  no , i 'm not surprised romanian is a romance language , it 's the easiest way to trigger a romanian , without going full douche and calling them gypsies . 
  that was what the `` ayyy '' was for . 
  i 'm tired of / s. 
  bbc had some salty australian from their olympic committee say that gb only did well bc they stole australian coaches . 
  waaa . 
  you know the spanish named florida , right ? 
  i 'm surprised that a slavic language also uses the same word root . 
  ( ayyy ), 
  that 's a scary thought . 
  time to declare the eu a terrorist organization . 
  uk , with 65m , got more than china with 1.1 b people . 
  that 's a pretty big deal . 
  i 'm sure there is a way to get to the number of medals that would have been if the eu had the same number of athletes as us/china . 
  yeah , no . 
  it just makes no sense . 
  if you want to see who the sore losers are , look for the people who criticized team gb . 
  `` hurr durr , they only won bc money . '', 
  and did n't the eu have 8 times as many athletes ? 
  lame . 
  and once the uk is out , that number will be a lot lower . 
  lame . 
  and once the uk is out , that number will be a lot lower . 
  [ duplicate comment , my bad ], 
  so my friends from the uk are visiting , so we went out friday night , the restaurant had the olympics on . 
  so they did a 10 minute segment on a british athlete , and my friends were shocked . 
  we def root for you guys , or at least like your athletes . 
  it 's a pretty big accomplishment , getting the 2nd most medals . 
  there are probably less than 100 women in europe who where burkas . 
  i 've never seen a burka in nyc , though i have seen the full body covering with only a slit for the eyes . 
  it 's unsettling , but that is their right to wear it . 
  in my opinion , the only country that can have an halfway honest debate about banning it is france , because of their history of strict secularism . 
  otherwise its just populist theater . 
  even if there was only one georgia , you would still be born in the wrong georgia . 
  everyone has sympathy for him , the way he was treated was a disgrace . 
  are you going to be extra salty after the basketball game ? 
  i 've never heard of this either . 
  there is a very high constitutional threshold to restricting anyone 's freedom of expression . 
  there have been cases where people tried to wear face coverings in their photo id , and it 's ok to force them to remove it in that situation . 
  but otherwise , banning burkas or whatever else ca n't happen here . 
  congrats to team gb !!!!, 
  great job . 
  it was admirable , just not fapworthy . 
  i have no problems with it . 
  it 's not imperialism , it 's the truth . 
  so if you do n't agree with it , you are wrong , and should be corrected . 
  but yes , they are not self-aware . 
  the nyt thinks their way in the universal truth . 
  they do n't adjust for anything . 
  at least limit your comments to left leaning elitist academics , instead of every american . 
  the nyt has a single point of view , it never takes their subject into account . 
  once i was riding a scooter in the middle of nowhere on an island in dalmatia , and i happened upon a group of old , naked , chubby germans hanging out by a creek . 
  3/10 , did not fap . 
  yeah , like some hardcore libertarian is going to be happier there . 
  it is a time honored tradition of annoying americans of all political leanings to claim they will move to canada when the person they do n't like wins . 
  actual american refugees do n't happen unfortunately , even though i wish these people would leave . 
  no i do n't deny money plays a role , and if it was some guy from mauritius complaining , i 'd be totally sympathetic . 
  but australia can spend just as much money if they want . 
   i agree i like canada but the mindset of some of them is incredibly silly that they do n't want to be associated with their closest neighbour . 
  especially since we are so culturally similar that we often ca n't tell each other apart . 
  then again , that would explain the need to differentiate so desperately . 
  also , the us pretty much pays no attention to canada ( as far as media coverage , etc. , ) and i think that irks them . 
  eh , everyone uses us as a punching bag to make themselves feel better . 
  i see it on / r/unitedkingdom like crazy .
