  so , the final answer is that i 've met tons of great english people , but find the society a bit cold for my taste . 
  those things look like indestructible tanks . 
  that 's not really true , you just have to look for the good stuff . 
  hell , pbs alone has tons of great stuff . 
  mass market stuff everywhere is crap , why do you think our shitty blockbusters do so well worldwide ? 
  you know , that 's quite reasonable . 
  perhaps the mystery has been solved , i was actually going to post in / r/askuk about it . 
  i thought we were discussing culture in general . 
  i do n't really disagree on the difference in the views of american culture , i 'm just saying brits seem to be underrepresented in national parks . 
  tons of brits here in nyc , living/working/visiting . 
  i was more referring to the getting shot part . 
  yes , we do have jagerbombs , no clue what the other thing is . 
  if you want to learn about jagerbombs in the us , there is a documentary called `` my new haircut '' on youtube , which deals with the lowest form of american , the long island guido . 
  i 'd link you , but i 'm at work . 
  i was there is 2006 , and they still had those old commie ones ... 
  ha , you basically illustrated the difference between ( or at least how i perceive ) brits and euros attitudes towards the outdoors . 
  you are not going to find anything like the grand canyon , arches np or any of the western parks anywhere else . 
  some of these places are like visiting another planet , very unique . 
  continentals seem to value that . 
  i thought that too , then i lived in the uk . 
  are you not aware this is more or less a global thing ? 
  look at the list of top newpapers in the uk : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_the_united_kingdom_by_circulation#2010_to_present bild is the biggest seller in germany . 
  low class shit sells around the world . 
  if you see tons of actual military equipment in the movie ( supplied by the pentagon free of cost ) , then yes , it is propaganda . 
   honestly the yanks should be happy that there are n't 50 pound flights to florida else they 'd be swamped with drunken britons behaving inappropriately . 
  there would be a brit `` trayvon '' pretty quick . 
  i 'll tell you are reason that many continentals come here that brits do not seem to , is for our outdoors and national parks . 
  so many germans , scandis and frenchies at all of them , not too many brits though . 
  go outside , it 's good for you . 
  the posh ones , yeah , the pretty ones are not to be seen . 
  my english friend had his stag party there . 
  does this mean he is trash ? 
  i 'm not sure where the pretty ones are , but plenty of posh brits visit nyc . 
  the sultry thinks obama was too progressive , and is not a fan of progressives . 
  however , he agrees with me that gay marriage had not much to do with the election : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/635cnh/z/dfs1277 and i 'm telling you as a person who lives here and pays attention to the news , that was not it . 
  trump is a twice divorced , serial adulterer , lying , pussy grabbing lout , and the religious right was n't thrilled with him initially . 
  but those folks were voting r no matter what . 
  it was the rust belt obama voters who tipped the scales . 
  trump said he did not want to reverse gay marriage , and that it was settled law . 
  trump won bc white working class people in battleground states who voted for obama twice could n't bring themselves to vote for clinton . 
  do you have some source about gay marriage being a factor in the election ? 
  scotus does n't give a shit about rubbing something in people 's faces , they found a right as a matter of law . 
  btw , a number of states already had gay marriage before scotus made it available nationwide . 
  i am concerned , it 's starting to feel like the '30s . 
  no , i assume any people in my family who did not come to the us around the turn of the last century was killed in the holocaust . 
  i do have friends in europe ( including muslims ) and studied in london , so i do feel a connection . 
  you really love to minimize problems of the jews huh ? 
  look at the jewish center in sweden that just had to close bc threats from the right , jews in malmo and paris ca n't wear kippahs in public . 
  that is supposed to be `` good ? '', 
  why are far right attacks on jews just collateral damage to innocent immigrants to you ? 
  i guess only muslim victims are real to you . 
  ok then , from the article :  the newspaper wrote that the case `` illustrates long history of antisemitic ( sic ) harassment of jewish pupils , particularly by arab and turkish children . '', 
  jews are getting harassed from the far right , and from muslims , but this article only deals with a single incident concerning muslims . 
  not sure why you expect them to bring up the right . 
  it 's a terrible time to be jewish in europe , quite sad . 
  yes i read it . 
   the boy 's tormentors were of arab and turkish descent - making the news even more explosive . 
  was it racist of me to assume these folks were of muslim descent ? 
  jews or christians from arabic and turkish backgrounds are n't known for their anti-semitism . 
  anyway , since you seem to be on some kind of crusade , take a couple hours to go through my comments , and see if you can find any anti-muslim stuff . 
  not sure why you like to get upset with people who do n't have an agenda . 
  edit : i do hate vw , though i 'm not sure that is an agenda . 
  i do n't think it was that severe . 
  gays not being allowed to adopt is an anti-gay law . 
  we might have more scripture quotes , but we also have gay marriage . 
  right, 
  you do n't seem too concerned with the victim here . 
  i 'm going to take a wild guess that there is not going to be a crackdown . 
  is this going to trigger any change in german attitudes towards turkish/muslim assimilation in germany ? 
  i would love to meet these fine patriots . 
  they dutch ? 
  must not be common if it was notable enough to be upvoted . 
  i find that a bit surprising actually . 
  look in this very thread . 
  i 've never seen anyone on this sub get offended by an eu flag . 
  well , not everyone in europe has an innate fear of flags , but i agree with you that it 's a bit nutty to hate national flags , but be ok with a federal flag . 
  does that mean american flags everywhere are ok , but state flags are horrible ? 
  what about regional flags ? 
  you from austria ? 
  czech ? 
  actually , i was one of the few european looking folks on the subway this morning , so nope , we are n't all european . 
  very cool . 
  it 's extremely expensive and difficult to do in the us , but there are permits . 
  they are potato americans . 
  you own full auto ? 
  fyi , scissors work better . 
  omg , those horrible nationalists !, 
   in most european countries uk and germany ( edit : and italy and spain ) are not most of europe . 
  a lot , but not most . 
  there is an american family across the street from me that flies the irish flag . 
  i did n't see any around hvar . 
  denying facebook likes to terrorists , nice . 
  should we kick sweden out ? 
  i do n't see finland joining this union , and probably not norway . 
  denmark and uk are very closely aligned . 
  the dutch seem to be much more attached to the eu . 
  those 4 countries would make a great union . 
  you 'd have to include belgium and luxembourg too due to benelux , but that works . 
  do n't single out the germans , it 's not just them . 
  i 've had uk folks defend the arrest of a guy who tweeted `` offensively '' about a garbage truck accident in glasgow .
