  the bosnian women i know are hot as fuck . 
  i vacationed in croatia , and while there were certainly attractive women , the bosnians i know here are even better , waawaaweewow . 
  like how i have english friends , but think everyone in / r/unitedkingdom should die in a fire . 
  taiwan # 1 !, 
  how do i invest in chinese bantz ? 
  how does garbage compare to natural gas as far as greenhouse emissions ? 
  i never saw a keg out of a bar when i studied there . 
  i do n't think it 's a thing . 
  meh , you guys ca n't even get kegs for parties , can you ? 
   then a decade later you will have to find an other scapegoat thank jeebus for minorities . 
  sad but true . 
  huh ? 
  dude was psychic . 
  welp , you were right . 
  or the boston tea party ? 
  i was suggesting that you throw all cats into bodies of water instead of paying the tax . 
  i do n't think migrants have a lot of gold . 
  time for the helsinki cat party . 
  i do n't know , i 've been hearing rumors that 2017 and 2018 are negotiating switching places . 
  no offense , but this is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever read . 
  everyone knows pizza rat bro . 
  smog is the biggest threat to rome . 
  i did a semester in london in ' 98 , and i 'm meeting my friend from newcastle that i met back then , on new year 's day in here in nyc . 
  the real question is can you work or be part of the community only speaking english ? 
  that is fucked up !!, 
  hope things are good for you in the uk . 
  through 2007 we admitted 131k bosnian refugees . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/29/us/29youth.html?_r= we have strict screening , ones who were deported took part in war crimes , or were lying about other things . 
  i do n't think it 's comparable to what is going on now at all . 
  these were europeans who were being slaughtered due to their ethnicity/religion . 
  their culture was not all that different than anywhere in the west . 
  right now , none of the refugees are being screened , many are fleeing economic situations and are n't even living in a war zone . 
  the yazidis and christians are being killed for who they are , but the rest , not so much . 
  all these folks come from are very different culture which is so compatible with europe . 
  the bosnians were much lower risk and had just fled full fledged genocide with concentration camps , mass killings and all that fun stuff . 
  there was also way less of them . 
  it 's not comparable at all . 
  it has gotten a bit out of hand here . 
  that being said , i think it is insane to let everyone from the middle-east into europe with no screening . 
  indigenous european muslims who have been in europe for hundreds and hundreds of years have never posed any threat , and it would be ridiculous to discriminate against them . 
  bosnians have 100 % intergrated here with no issues , they are very successful . 
  i 'd like to think that germany did n't let them stay out of callousness , not because they were muslim ( not that it is much better ) . 
  i 'm culturally/ethnically jewish ( 100 % secular ) , so obviously i 'm going to have a soft spot for a group of people in europe who were slaughtered while the rest of europe looked on and did nothing . 
  yep , i work a few blocks from the wtc . 
  not going to lie , when a jet flies really low and gets really loud , i notice . 
  only been 14 years ... 
  the same email that nyc got and laughed off . 
  these people were killed by their neighbors and had there homes burnt down . 
  do you really think there was any chance of them returning ? 
  i know all the good things germany has done since wwii , so i find this bit quite shocking . 
  people do n't seem to like my comments on this topic . 
  if there was ever an example of refugees who needed and deserved asylum , it was the bosnians . 
  i 'm glad they came to the us , they are productive members of society and good for our country . 
  it 's like us mediating israel/palestine . 
  what do you think of this decision ? 
  wow , that is insane . 
  i have a bunch of bosnian friends , mostly from srebernica . 
  they all were in germany first , and some stayed as long as they could , and got kicked out . 
  one had to go to the police station with her mother every week to get extensions . 
  then one day the police showed up and told them to leave . 
  they are all american citizens now . 
  euro spec bluetec c series benz vs. 
  us spec ford focus ( gasoline ) . 
  i guess germans kicking out the victims of genocide did n't get so much coverage before the intertubes was widespread . 
  / s was necessary ? 
  source ? 
  so i take it that you did not read the article , or the other 100,000 articles that state that europe 's regulations which permit higher level of particulates for diesel is killing people . 
  it does n't matter is hypothetically they could be as clean , they are not required to be as clean . 
  look what is going on in rome and milan today . 
  that is from diesel . 
  the eu has admitted that this whole thing has been a disaster . 
  http://phys.org/news/2015-12-eu-lawmakers-blast-ease-diesel.html http://fortune.com/2015/11/30/diesel-emissions-deaths-europe-ee/, 
  in europe the issue is that regulations permit higher levels of nox for diesel , resulting in injury to public health . 
  check out this article : http://www.vox.com/2015/10/15/9541789/volkswagen-europe-diesel-pollution the amount of particulates are not low . 
  modern diesels ( even when the tests are bogus ) put out more particulates than petrol . 
  there is a fair bit of abandoned industry in nj close to nyc , no doubt about that . 
  yep , i 'm never going . 
  just curious , that 's a totally reasonable opinion . 
  as for nj , while it is the densest state , that is due to suburban sprawl . 
  northern nj is a suburb of nyc , souther nj is a suburb of philly . 
  it 's terribly planned , and their moron on a governor blocked a train tunnel under the hudson . 
  it 's a clusterfuck pile of shit , and should be burnt to the ground . 
  i hope you never have the misfortune of returning there . 
  this is true . 
  might not be more carcinogenic , but the particulates immediately injure human health , compared to petrol emissions , which are bad for climate change . 
  what in your opinion is awful about it ? 
  those 3 ton machines will kill you much less than breathing particulates from a 3 cyl . 
  yes , but you are getting much less nox for that money , unless you are driving a vw . 
  `` these are young , motivated people who want to work . 
  they have travelled thousandsof kilometres and risked their lives to get here , '' says mr fischer . 
  `` they have n't done that because they want to live on social welfare . 
  they 've done that because they want a chance in life . '', 
  easy for a monolingual fella like myself ? 
  it looks amazing . 
  if some of the people do n't have assigned seats , it makes sense . 
  no , you have to be 18 to buy a rifle . 
  pretty smart if you ask me . 
  the point of these new islands is force projection . 
  and yes , they can deny us off their shores , bit out in the open ocean they have no chance right now . 
  switzerland does it very well , no doubt about that .
