  india is a complicated example . 
  the elite of the country speaks english , which helps with labor mobility and cohesiveness . 
  it is still a bit of a fractious and poorly functioning country , though it 's not in any danger of dissolution or anything . 
  i also think the threat of pakistan has historically united indians since the partition . 
  it 's similar to scurvy . 
  they are the second largest english speaking nation as well . 
  i 'm just not sure they are a great example of strength through diversity . 
  oh , i do n't mean to convey that is how you define yourselves . 
  to be honest , i 've had a few brews , and 3 marijuanas , and i 'm not being very clear . 
  i 'm just saying it 's something like how canadians are n't american , and sometimes they will let you know . 
  as for unarmed cultural imperialists , if you 've been to boston or nyc , you know that is undoubtedly true . 
  besides everyone loving irish culture , you meet actual irish people from ireland all the time . 
  and they make a very good impression . 
  ussr was a great example of an artificial identity dissolving . 
  all the republics became independent , even their `` commonwealth '' idea barely worked . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with what your are saying , but would n't ireland itself kind of fall into the `` other '' theory ? 
  you guys were colonized and abused by the english for hundreds if years . 
  you gained independence very recently from a historical perspective , and there was actual political violence until 1998 . 
  in belfast , they still close the gates at 6pm . 
  a minor reddit example of irish folks differentiating themselves from the `` other '' would be if someone includes ireland as part of the anglosphere . 
  they will always be corrected . 
  i suppose this does n't mean other countries do n't have `` the other , '' but i think almost all do . 
  wow , that was a great point about `` the british are coming . '', 
  in my view , identity has to be built on a uniform language . 
  this is why the anglosphere is more cohesive than the eu . 
  it 's all about language , language , language . 
  how can you promote some new identity when all the people who are supposed to identity with each other ca n't even speak to each other ? 
  the main reason the us works is language . 
  i can move anywhere in the country and speak to everyone . 
  that is true . 
  i think the us and france ' s goals are complimentary , but not identical . 
  we 'd always be able to work with them . 
  if i was in charge , i start a new alliance and ditch nato . 
  western europe can take care of themselves , we get nothing from it . 
  ee can be with us , and baltics , denmark , netherlands , norway , uk too . 
  china is flexing it 's muscles , we need resources there . 
  so in europe we need real partners to contain russa . 
  islands, 
  quebec ai n't down with the queen !, 
  and jeebus bless your strippers !, 
   just some good ol' freedom-lovin , republican-shootin ' and country-playin folks here . 
  oh , you 're from alberta ? 
  10 years to meaningfully oppose , but i 'm guessing longer than that to build an actual navy . 
  hopefully we are able to get out of more of our commitments . 
  there was an article in the ny times about us having special forces in 85 countries . 
  i think that is the way we will operate in the future . 
  afghanistan does seem like an intractable commitment however . 
  oh shit , i missed the `` commonwealth '' part ( forgive me , it 's monday ) . 
  do n't worry bud , we will liberate you from the tyranny of monarchy . 
  no longer will you be servile `` subjects . '', 
  and then we get drawn in when the inevitable genocide starts . 
  you took our peeps during viet nam . 
  maybe that is why he said canada . 
  my fil and his parent 's had it all set up to go there if he was drafted . 
  never happened . 
  i was actually going to say a decade . 
  they are building immobile aircraft carriers . 
  but yes , it will take a long time until they can counter us in any meaningful way . 
  the only thing that can pry us away from you is china . 
  keep an eye on what 's going on in the south china sea . 
  sensitive are we ? 
  i took `` foreign visitor '' to mean tourists . 
  but if you mean expats , or people who are there for longer periods of time , i get it . 
  edit : as someone who lives in nyc , i have a completely reality than foreign visitors to this city . 
  i 'm in no position to tell those folks what their experience is . 
  ah , i could see that . 
  i assumed he meant tourists when he said `` foreign visitors . '', 
  ok . may not last forever though . 
   often foreign visitors think were just assholes and were attacking them . 
  uh , maybe on the internet . 
  hate to burst your bubble , but i 've never been treated better in my life than in ireland . 
  everyone i know who has visited has said the same . 
  luggage space ? 
  the french/spanish drove me up a wall at the guinness brewery . 
  there was a huge line , and you were guided by rope into a lane . 
  but these people kept talking so much that they did n't keep up with whoever was in front of them , there would be a huge gap and the line backed up . 
  the brewery had employees who had to remind these folks to move forward over and over again . 
  how is this even possible ? 
  it 's not giving a shit about hundreds of people behind you , including people stuck outside in the cold . 
  in the us , you do not wear shoes inside if it 's been snowing , or it 's muddy out . 
  but it 's not rude for people to ask you to take your shoes off when you come in . 
  it 's just not the default . 
  i really do n't think it would take a lecture . 
  `` take your shoes off when you go into someones home '' would suffice . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
   we have nato as a defensive alliance and that is all we need . 
  so permanent dependence on the us ? 
  if it 's mandatory to serve , you did n't actually sign up for anything . 
  how can someone speaking a different language over another person who is actually on screen be better ? 
  if there was a german adaptation with different actors i could see someone saying that actor is better . 
  when i see foreign films , they are subtitled . 
  dubbing seems insane to me . 
  if they just banned vws , there would be a big improvement . 
  that 's a bit ridiculous, 
  i thought the english language was going to usher in the age of love and prosperity in the eu . 
  i was only referencing emissions laws , could you link me to some info on the import ban ? 
  sounds like it would only effect the secondary market . 
  interesting article on diesel in europe : http://www.vox.com/2015/10/15/9541789/volkswagen-europe-diesel-pollution, 
  yeah , street food places generally do not take credit . 
  as for tolls , just about everywhere has electronic passes .
