  they also are pretty strict about rejecting people with very minor criminal offenses . 
  there are pros and cons . 
  pros : maple syrup , polite people . 
  con : the queen is everywhere , total strangers will say hi to you . 
  i hope you are n't going to canada , because you are going to get more than that . 
  very interesting , thanks . 
  they were making the whole romanian/gypsy confusion i suspect . 
  all the romanians i have met over here are great , but they were also all college educated professionals . 
  i went and wrote in bernie , as it did n't matter in ny either . 
  if i was in a battleground state , i would have held my nose and voted for her . 
  i 'm a long time hater of hers . 
  i 've noticed more than one romanian being upset with the uk over this . 
  and i did have random people in belfast tell me to `` be careful of the romanians '' if that means anything ... 
  is there info on how many of them stayed home ? 
  i 'd think most would stay home instead of voting for trump . 
  well , was there not a lot of emphasis on romanian immigrants ? 
  fits in with belgian hospitality to wahabis . 
  a fair bit of bernie people ( among many others ) sat home on election day , it did n't help . 
  and i 'm not sure i 'd call them `` bernie or bust '' people . 
  interesting . 
  here in the us there is a huge emphasis on making fathers pay , so the state does not have to , and for the well being of the child . 
  what about the rest of europe ? 
  that bit about doubling the fines was in the article . 
  even in silicon valley , toilets need to be cleaned , lawns mowed , potholes filled , etc. 
  there is menial work everywhere . 
  i 'm not talking about basic manufacturing jobs , just menial labor . 
  the article says they work under the table at menial jobs . 
  i do n't think all nationalities look for greatness , but many who were/are great powers do for the most part ( probably not germany ) . 
  no , he 's hungary for goulash , you misheard , that 's all, 
   you name us and uk as if they were god forsaken lands . 
  well , we are on / r/europe . 
  those people are n't jews . 
  who has lived in the us for quite awhile . 
  i 'm sure it 's easy for some hungarians to see him as foreign . 
  though rome is spotless compared to naples . 
  maybe this is useful : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4dclc7/what_exactly_happened_to_the_city_of_rome_after/, 
  rome is dirtier , major corruption with their garbage collection . 
  vw did nothing wrong . 
  i 'm sure london had more history standing before the blitz . 
  rome was largely abandoned after it was sacked in the 5th century , with constantinople taking a prominent place . 
  that money goes to us defense companies . 
  that 's a big part of the equation . 
  well , we do have some very large inefficient vehicles , as well as teslas and hybrids , etc. 
  so the meme makes sense , and they do put out a lot of co2 , but not much nox at all . 
  another great thing about american and japanese cars is that the cost of ownership is so much lower than the euro cars sold here . 
  true , but everyone around the world does it . 
  though since promoting weak nox emissions physically hurts europeans , i 'm surprised that it has n't been changed . 
  it 's not like japanese or american cars are going to be a threat to the diesel market . 
  livin the dream broheim . 
  she is n't here at work with me :-d, 
  happens over here , but it 's much more boring . 
  like how new hampshire has 14 miles of seacoast , and they gave pennsylvania some coast on lake erie . 
  man , they only taught us about the existence of fapping , not advanced fappery . 
  mad jelly . 
  hey , my wife is like 30 % welsh , she 's great with sheep . 
  uhh . 
  i have been to cardiff , very nice city . 
  ugh , sorry dude . 
  that 's an issue in this country , as often truck depots are located in poor areas , and the children develop asthma . 
  the air is quite clean in city centers though . 
  i believe by the mid 60s , nox smog was a major problem in this country , and industrial controls went into place long before auto controls . 
  it 's not like this was ever a mystery to policy makers in europe . 
  has to be the protectionism angle . 
  what pollutants do they measure ? 
  nox and co2 ? 
  hmm , strict emissions regulations with civil and criminal penalties . 
  sounds so familiar to me . 
  oh nice , they must teach the welsh hill people that there are other letters extant besides w and y. 
  i was there awhile back , awesome time . 
  [ croatia is already split , bub ] ( http://imgur.com/a/odtbh ), 
  wait , they teach you about fapping , or how to fap better ? 
  no doubt your response would include something about the `` world '' series . 
  i 'm sorry , is there an academy of english that i do n't know about ? 
  how could one pass up a rather inoffensive way to annoy an englishman ? 
  this is n't french or spanish , there is no official `` correct '' anything in english . 
  us/nz/ca / aus is not really a bad club to be in . 
  the jews, 
  dutch king has a cape bro , mad kingish . 
  american press was not kind at all , that 's the abuse , not the crowd there . 
  are there trees lower down ? 
  do n't blame em , that rock is good shit . 
  oh yeah , cheese sandwich has nothing on a british cucumber and mayo on white bread sandwich . 
  they 're not bad , have em every christmas season . 
  getting cash for giving hand jobs ? 
  and he calls gypsies abos when he is drunk . 
  nice !, 
  how long in distance/time is the hike ? 
  what is the elevation gain ? 
  did i really have to use a / s ? 
  i think these people want to repeat the past . 
  this is why the swedish government wore headscarves in iran . 
  probably not a good way to get votes when people get beat up for wearing kippahs . 
  my brain will never comprehend how there can be support by people for the nazis in countries that were occupied by them . 
  you can be an insane racist/nationalist scumbag without supporting nazis ; they fucking killed your countrymen , even the aryanish ones !, 
  and jews . 
  that sign would cause a lot of problem in many european countries i think . 
  i work in an office with a 5 black people , i myself am jewish ; we recently went to tennessee for a wedding , and we were just talking about how we saw a few confederate flags on houses . 
  we all agree it 's a great way for racist scumbags to out themselves , and would not want any limits on that type of speech on private property . 
  same would go for someone putting a `` holocaust never happened ! '', 
  sign .
