  but to do this , germany is going to have a seismic shift in thinking regarding defense matters . 
  can it happen ? 
  i know , i was n't criticizing you . 
  i did n't have time for a longer comment , and still do n't , so i probably should n't have said anything . 
  i just think it is a problematic ( yet understandable ) situation , whereby germany 's pacifism could actually increase the likelihood of conflict due to a power vacuum . 
  an emboldened russia can so as it wishes . 
  the war is not over until one side surrenders . 
  germany had not surrendered , and thus the raids continued . 
  he was not implying his specific mission saved western civilization , just that he was part of the allied effort to do so . 
  he also led an extremely accurate ( for the time ) mission on rail-yards and factories , if he said he was proud of bombing dresden , them yes , he would be a psychopath . 
  you know your history !, 
  often , people who put themselves at great risk for something that must be done are considered heroes . 
  my wife 's grandfather led the largest raid on berlin in 1945 , over a thousand bombers were behind him . 
  he feels not one ounce of regret , it was war , and he saw it as a battle for the continuation of western civilization . 
  of course he is sorry for the people that were killed , but to him there was no other choice . 
  he was alive then , and i was not , i defer to him . 
  you should n't hate yourselves , no other country has ever faced up to its wrongs like germany has . 
  i lived in the uk . 
  you must have had the honor of meeting some extraordinarily ignorant brits . 
  i missed out on that experience , because most of the brits i met , really knew their history . 
  this leaves a hole in the center of europe , and reduces eu credibility though . 
  yes , this is a great strategy , find someone else doing it worse , and make a smiley emoticon . 
  and yet , it gets upvotes . 
  why are you comparing anything to russia ? 
  and do n't pretend to know what the oligarchs are thinking . 
  often nationalism will trump rationalism . 
  let 's just limit this to nato , since the us does not tell non-nato countries to spend more . 
  only four countries spent the 2 % of gdp that is required to be a member of nato ; u.s. , u.k. , greece and estonia . 
  you can read all about it here : http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702303802104579449571957045910, 
  my friend , if you look at greece , catalonia , scotland , russia , the basque country and plenty of others , you will see that nationalism is alive and well in europe . 
  in fact , it 's flourishing . 
  if you do n't believe me , look for the thread about lithuania banning polish street signs . 
  the comments will show you that you are not in the post-nationalist utopia you seem to think . 
   i saw grown men crying . 
  i 've been to countless sporting events , but i 've never seen people crying during these ceremonies . 
  it must have been something personal to them . 
  what team did you see ? 
  then what is the word ? 
  war might not be good , but sometimes it is necessary . 
  i 've lived in the uk , i know you have a lot of history to keep track of . 
  all most americans know is that the white house got burnt down , you guys were pressing our sailors and that andrew jackson slaughtered a ton of brits in new orleans after the treaty was signed , but before anyone found out . 
  no offense taken . 
   in italy wwi is nearly completely disregarded , do you think this has anything to do with the fact that italy switched sides ? 
  i do n't think most countries would want to highlight that . 
  i would also think most pacifism comes from the aftermath of wwii . 
  the sleepwalkers is great . 
  the kaiser was more of an impetuous buffoon than anything else . 
  no one here gives a shit about it either . 
  they had all kinds of joint commemorations with canada planned for the bicentennial , but there was no interest . 
  i assume he is talking about the kaiser . 
  england/us ( not literally for the us , but same mindset ) are island nations that think of themselves . 
  germany is smack dab in the middle of europe , and thinks of itself in that context . 
  this is n't rocket science . 
  it also explains uk euroskepticism . 
  you can help solve this , donate now !, 
  do i get to drink from a `` we told western europeans to invest money in their military '' cup ? 
  from over here , this shit is starting to look downright scary . 
  do n't be so harsh . 
  how do you know some of those people were n't wondering if someone they knew was in a coffin ? 
  maybe they just wanted to save a part of the day for themselves . 
  detroit gets a lot of help , but the way it works is that the money from the federal government flows to state/city agencies who dispense it . 
  in detroit there is ridiculous corruption , and the money is not handled well . 
  i believe the state of michigan has taken over running the city since it declared bankruptcy . 
  detroit is a special case because you have a small population that must pay for the infrastructure of what used to be a huge city . 
  on top of that , there is all the corruption . 
  only thing that can help detroit is knocking down unpopulated areas , which they are doing . 
  but it 's really a mess and it is from decades of neglect and mismanagement by the city . 
  the federal government is not responsible for municipal functions . 
  http://blogs.reuters.com/muniland/2013/08/02/how-much-federal-money-already-goes-to-detroit/ http://money.cnn.com/2013/09/27/news/economy/detroit-federal-help/ http://www.freep.com/article/20140415/news/304150147/obama-michigan-talks-free-up-100m-aid-detroit-pension-deal each state controls it 's own taxes . 
  for example , i live in the nyc burbs and pay state income tax , local property taxes and state and local sales taxes . 
  a few states have no income taxes , and some have no sales taxes either . 
  they can handle it however they want , but there are a lot of federal standards that must be met . 
  the states do have a fair bit of autonomy . 
  i know a lot of nice greek people here in nyc , but the more i hear about the country , the worse it sounds . 
  as long as we team up and boss europe around , it 's all good . 
  there are no jews left in greece . 
  why do they care ? 
  canada is our biggest ally , followed by uk . 
  japan is a staunch ally as well . 
  and no , our military spending would not drop greatly if we reduced nato expenditure , just where we spent it would change . 
  and we are less interested in europe than we used to be , we are more interested in asia now . 
  i do n't give a shit if russia hates us , they ca n't do anything about it . 
  i 'm not over thinking it . 
  everything you said is true , and a weaker eu may not be able to apply pressure like that in the future . 
  i 'm not sure we produce anything for the countries you listed , they have their own industries . 
  i understand that our entertainment industry is huge , but i never expected it to be over half of what europe consumes . 
  it was a joke . . 
  it 's on like voltron mofo !, 
  fight me irl !!, 
  we all share the costs by paying federal taxes , which go to the federal government . 
  the states are funded by state taxes , which are paid only by their citizens . 
  the way aid flows , or costs get split is based on need . 
  if there are tons of people on welfare in mississippi because it is poor as hell , money from richer states automatically flows there from richer states . 
  but lets say there is a rich state which is dependent on one industry , and that industry gets destroyed , and the state becomes poor , money will instantly start flowing to it based on need . 
  it 's all automatic , and not even a concern for anyone . 
  there is specific criteria set up , and wherever people meet the criteria , money goes there . 
  to do this in europe , you 'd have to have people paying an eu tax on top of the taxes they pay now . 
  ah , i 'm sorry , i misread your other comment on that . 
  ok , so for the hard question , how does this policy get created ? 
  how about an eastern european union ?
