  thx broski !, 
  admit it , all the other euros are assholes compared to you guys . 
  no , but i 'm not recommending rochefort to a guy who thinks heini is good . 
  luckily you 're all so drunk that the danger of actually making contact with my face is near 0 . 
  yummy, 
  get yourself some duvel . 
  yeah , i 've known these cunts for almost 20 years , they are painfully british . 
  a lot of places . 
  dublin , wedding in louth , drove all over county donegal ( amazing ) , and we are in galway now . 
  my wife has a cold , so i 'm redditing where she sleeps . 
  have to say , i 'm very impressed with everything here . 
  customer service is amazing , the food is amazing , and the portions are so huge , i have n't finished one meal . 
  the landscape is just wow . 
  the people really are so nice , they are always happy to chat , and ask how you are doing . 
  feels like home to me . 
  edit : left out belfast , which was really cool . 
  dude , stella and heineken are their bud and miller , it is not the best !!!!, 
  are there laws against open bars at events in ireland ? 
  went to a pretty fancy wedding , but there was a cash bar . 
  and we played some silly game , and the couple gave out bottles oh whiskey to the winner with the warning that they would be ejected from the property if they opened it . 
  i 've been in your country a week , gone to a bunch of pubs all over , and have n't met any miserable cunts . 
  i 'm starting to think you guys just try to make yourselves sound miserable on reddit so the rest of us leave you alone . 
  nicest bunch of bastards around over here . 
  to be fair , newborns are annoying as fuck . 
  weihenstephan weisse shits on hoegaarden . 
  it 's not cider , it 's cidre . 
  a uk guy drank from his shoe at a wedding this weekend , and his friend puked in the garden of the pub in the nice irish town we were staying in . 
  animals !, 
  i went to a wedding in ireland , which was populated mostly by uk folks last weekend . 
  the uk folks drank so much that the irish staff was mortified . 
  i do n't know how you guys managed to pin the drunk stereotype on them , you guys are worse !, 
  if she is lactating , this is way hotter . 
  ok , so they can speak to that . 
  i lived in london , i jnow the uk . 
  if i 've learned one thing about reddit , it 's do n't trust a person who has to say something about a country different than their own . 
  if you are going to get killed , you might as well go down fighting ... 
  i commute there everyday , there are no metal detectors . 
  just lots of cops . 
  there are no metal detectors at grand central . 
  there are occasionally cops who search your bags . 
  i hate that shit . 
  amtrak has police on the trains . 
  there is n't security checks or anything . 
  uh no . 
  but there are amtrak police on our regional trains , so that 's good . 
  no it is n't , mine has never jammed , and gone through thousands of rounds . 
  and it is not known for jamming . 
  i 've shout thousands of rounds from my ak variant , using a 30 round mag , and a 75 round drum . 
  not one jam ever . 
  i knew the french did it for hostages , but not the brits . 
  i went and looked at my friend from srebernica fb page . 
  she posted a lot of this stuff when it came out . 
  especially that the us and uk knew their would be cleansing . 
  but i did n't know we refused air support , and the uk too . 
  i 'll look at these links you provided . 
  thank you for taking the time with your great response . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong , but i always heard it was the french , and a specific general refused multiple requests . 
  beyond not firing a shot , dutch soldiers actually delivered men to the serbs . 
  but yeah , were n't there , and the french really screwed over the dutch soldiers by refusing air support . 
  do n't forget srebernica . 
  `` mission accomplished '' is the worst . 
  you guys are on the euro , right ? 
  so yeah . 
  only place where my eastern euro/jewish background was actually tan !, 
  you should pay more attention to euro politics , they are far more fractious than we are . 
  we have a phony left/right divide without much real difference . 
  ha , i did not know that . 
  we use pride of szeged brand at home . 
  yum . 
  where paprika comes from . 
  hopefully not . 
  but if this place gets extreme , it means most people are already more extreme than here . 
  not pc , but true ... 
  i 'm from nyc , my scumbag radar is pretty good . 
  wedding is in the dundalk area , then belfast , then donegal and sligo , and out to galway . 
  start and finish in dublin . 
  btw , heading to your lovely country for a wedding this weekend . 
  it is a default sub for most of european ip adresses , but it does n't include certain countries ( i think russia/uk ) . 
  who knows , they turned out to be a few psychos modding this place . 
  mods deleting mod comments ? 
  mods deleting user comments about mods ? 
  send them to australia . 
  i know , i guess i just hoped that it would n't be applied everywhere . 
  it 's disturbing . 
  this is why i like to post stuff in / r/europe , with very little effort , i get to learn all these different interpretations of people from cultures different than mine . 
  so i appreciate when people take some time to think . 
  awesome comment !, 
  i 'm going to belfast , donegal , sligo . 
  do i qualify as a hipster ? 
  that is where the best paprika comes from . 
  do n't worry little buddy , now that we can buy weed legally , americans who are just looking to get high are not going to go away all to amsterdam . 
  but hey , what do i know , i just live in nyc , and all the tourists who come here know exactly how to behave . 
  s / i do n't cry about it though . 
  language is the difference . 
  my ex lived less than an hour from alicante . 
  maybe things were different in the late '90s , but i 'm still pretty shocked . 
  fear not , the stalinist mod era is over . 
  see , you could have just said you think zionism is evil , and saved a lot of time . 
  obviously they have the right to pick and choose , and i hvae the right to call them hypocrites . 
  they do n't have to care about everything , but they should have asked every single artists the same questions , regardless of what they are .
