  i think that good beer is getting popular around a lot of the planet , and that means belgian beers going everywhere . 
  ever since wwii , it was pissy lager that spread around the world . 
  we are finally overcoming that . 
  almost all cities here ( even small ones ) will have a belgian pub . 
  i 'd say the food is deserving of mention too . 
  yum . 
  you 'd be surprised , good beer is all over now . 
  i 'm sure there are beer deserts in some places of the south , but suprisingly , asheville , north carolina has turned itself into a beer mecca . 
  here is the taplist of a belgian bar in philly : http://www.monkscafe.com/on_tap.cfm notice how many american breweries are making belgian styles . 
  new england takes beer very seriously , and cali/oregon do lots of sour beers . 
  i love le chouffe . 
  i 've been to one of their sister breweries in cooperstown , ny . 
  http://www.ommegang.com/ both are owned by duvel . 
  i also love rodenbach flanders red . 
  i 'm huge into beer and wwi , so obviously i will be going to belgium soon . 
  been to amsterdam in ' 98 , great time . 
  the dutch were very friendly to me and my group . 
  enjoyed the tarwebok . 
  nice !, 
  i read that brooklyn brewery is building a brewery in stockholm . 
  ca n't wait until this summer when i go to ireland , and do not discuss my mutt ancestry with anyone . 
  that is just about how it is here ( in ny anyway ) . 
  i 'd assume you can get some very rare stuff that we ca n't get , by virtue of being next door . 
  so the netherlands would not be one of the countries that we get more belgian beers than . 
  i 'm sure we get more than the wine drinkers of southern europe , and probably more than ireland or scandinavia ( apparently american craft beer is huge in sweden ) . 
  i could be wrong , but this is my impression from chatting with europeans in / r/beer . 
  i love me some duvel , rochefort and petrus . 
  uh , they do . 
  i can get chimay at gas stations now . 
  i 'd wager that we get more belgian varieties than many europeans nations . 
  it 's huge here . 
  ( i 'm assuming `` they '' means belgian breweries , not just inbev ), 
  luckily their market share ( and all piss beer ) is rapidly shrinking in the us . 
  pissing off bill clinton did not help matters . 
  obviously we like the netherlands more . 
  if it gets bad , they will introduce capital controls like they did in cyprus . 
  and look , this article says gay americans forc3ed the yes vote !, 
  and these organizations are comprised of irish-american catholics ? 
  i 'm guessing a lot more money came from evangelical christians than irish catholics . 
  he is a circus clown who happens to be of irish ancestry , just like his compatriot , sean hannity . 
  both are from long island , ny , that is the real problem . 
  while many irish-americans are socially conservative , they are hardly activists who wish to enforce their views on others . 
  those were just a fad, 
  lol , i 'd love to see a gorgeous italian woman pretending to scratch her balls . 
  might be my new fetish . 
  if i move there , will women ask to scratch my balls for good luck ? 
  if we had n't joined wwi , perhaps germany would have won , and this horrible tragedy never would have occurred . 
  [ not a good idea ] ( http://www.crmvet.org/info/lithome.htm ), 
  really ? 
  then why were they part of the confederacy ? 
  they had no need to fight if they could just `` opt out . '', 
  i 've never heard this in my life . 
  drunk retard ? 
  ouch . 
  i think you are getting a little confused . 
  we always have these horrible police shootings , where cops literally get away with murder , but something like this would result in immediate firing . 
  you ca n't justify that making a muslim eat pork has anything to do with police work at all . 
  that is awesome . 
   are australians , canadians , americans and kiwi 's all the same to you ? 
      they would not be so happy to hear you say that . 
  it 's all good , i love my anglosphere bros. 
   social democratic society would never work in a huge multicultural society like us . 
  how do you know ? 
  we have never tried it . 
  that diet did n't work for me :-(, 
  ( i think he has a drinking problem ), 
  and he 's saying he has beer with his beer , not alcohol . 
  it 's so hilly that they burn it right off . 
  there are probably security concerns which makes it tough dealing with anyone from the me , but the main thing is , we no longer need large numbers of unskilled people for manufacturing . 
  western countries are n't jobs programs for poorer people anymore . 
  there is a lot of unemployment here for unskilled native born people ( especially men ) , why would we have more unskilled people come here and be unemployed as well ? 
  for humanitarian and political reasons , we should accept more unskilled people , but not purely on economic grounds . 
  that paradigm does n't work anymore . 
  hopefully there will be some kind of evolution in the economy , but i do n't see that for awhile . 
  more and more tasks are being automated . 
  maybe in the very long run we will end up with a smaller global population living better lives . 
  while i agree that we should be taking in more refugees , as you said , folks just ca n't get here so easily . 
  i saw this article on the subject today : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/15/opinion/let-syrians-settle-detroit.html?action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;module=opinion-c-col-right-region&amp;region=opinion-c-col-right-region&amp;wt.nav=opinion-c-col-right-region besides accepting refugees , it otherwise does make sense to accept more skilled folks . 
  if you are n't expressly helping someone because of war or persecution , there is n't really an obligation to have people come over to be a burden on the system . 
  that being said , i really wish we would reduce restrictions on employment , and educated people in general . 
  there is no reason why a college educated person in europe should n't be allowed to apply for any job they are qualified for over here . 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  http://cis.org/immigrant-population-record-2013 the 41.3 million immigrant population ( legal and illegal ) in 2013 was double the number in 1990 , nearly triple the number in 1980 , and quadruple that in 1970 , when it stood at 9.6 million . 
   well , to be honest we kind of ask ourselves why the rest of the europe ( read : the world ) are so negative towards immigration . 
  the whole world is not negative to immigration . 
  2,4,6 . maybe 8 . 
  bosnian women are very pretty . 
  me like . 
  that was n't very nice of her . 
  livejasmin popup ads are the worst !!, 
  you could at least put a trigger warning for dyslexics . 
  sweden is dissapoint in new nordic . 
  so weird that all those muslims live in central europe . 
  what about those backwards english speakers ? 
  ahh , i see . 
  i 'm nice and from nyc . 
  ;-) yeah had a great time . 
  my wife works with a bosnian girl , so i 've met all these bosnians lately , they are nice too . 
  we are hoping to go to sarajevo soon . 
  all the former yugo folks i 've met are so down to earth , i 'm a fan .
