  as for we , we need to put severe scrutiny on anyone who has a we passport , but has traveled to the me/afghanistan , etc. 
  and straight up profiling . 
  black powder guns are a lot of fun . 
  recommend . 
  just go on youtube and ask me if being pepper sprayed looks like something you can ignore . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could be against helping greece deal with this crisis now . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  this is bigger than the debt issue . 
  for the love of god , can the eu give greece money and whatever other assistance they need . 
  people are scared they wo n't be able to buy soda . 
  i say we tax it like cigarettes . 
  i 'd say that sugared soda consumption is a pretty good indicator of socioeconomic status . 
  we need to modernize the monetary system . 
  today 's fractional reserve system relies on sovereign debt issuance to create money . 
  but when you have shrinking population that money does n't do too much . 
  look how much japan has expanded its debt and monetary base while still undergoing deflation . 
  money is not based on gold or any physical anything , it 's electrons . 
  we just need pure fiat issuance of social payments for pensions , and probably healthcare for retired people . 
  it would not cause inflation in a world with a decreasing population . 
  the current monetary system is based on infinite exponential growth . 
  the planet ca n't take much more . 
  we had a great crew . 
  peeps from all over the us and europe . 
  i 'm dating myself . 
  when i was there , 11pm was mandatory . 
  i 've more or less given my life story here , so i 'll just mention that it 's in london . 
  you can visit so many countries , so easily . 
  now get out there godammit . 
  umm , i just went to my uk mate 's wedding in ireland . 
  met him in ' 98 . 
  my other uk buddy visited me in nyc in the summer . 
  tldr ; everyone loves me . 
  perhaps parisians get annoyed because tourists asking questions say `` excuse moi '' first thing ? 
  biggest shock of my life was pubs closing at 11pm in london . 
  actually , biggest shock of my life was being charged 5p for a mustard packet in wales . 
  anyway , does n't early closing just encourage binging ? 
  whole thing seemed counter-productive . 
  i went in my senior year , so i believe they were all advanced classes . 
  most of my classes were history , which i tended to do well in . 
  however , i do n't think the grades even counted towards my average in my diploma . 
  i did get a c in theatre , but i was partnered up with a spanish girl who became a longterm gf . 
  the professor was funny as hell . 
  i 'm pretty sure i skipped 4 classes in a row , and i walked in 5 minutes late . 
  he stops the class and goes `` everyone , lets give the american a round of applause , he has just returned from amsterdam alive . '', 
  which was funny , because i had just landed from amsterdam . 
  still , best experience of my life . 
  this summer i went to the wedding of an english guy i met way back then in ireland , and another of my english friends visited us n nyc over christmas . 
  the cultural value is high , because you go somewhere totally new and meet different kinds of people . 
  i was lucky , i was in a dorm in london with uk and international students , so we had a big crew . 
  on friday people would take turns making dinner from their country . 
  i was also drunk 90 % of the time , though i was in college at home too . 
  basically there was no educational value whatsoever , but a great experience . 
  even got a pretty spanish gf out of it , who moved over here for awhile . 
  i screwed that up though . 
  : - / probably the best thing my parents ever did for me . 
  did you end up going ? 
  i studied in the uk , barely went to class , faxed ( i 'm old ) all my papers in a month after i got back to the us . 
  still got good grades though . 
  best thing i ever did . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i personally find the fact that the german government has lobbied social media companies to censor inflammatory rhetoric as an example . 
  but you might have a point , that this does not have so much to do with the law , though i would argue the law furthered unofficial restrictions on speech . 
  for example , many of the women who filed criminal complaints in the sexual attacks have been doxxed and harassed on the grounds that they are inciting hatred towards refugees . 
  some examples that i think were excessive :  harsh comments are earning some germans more than scorn . 
  in the town of wismar in northeastern germany , for instance , a judge in october sentenced a 26-year-old man to five months probation and a 300 euro fine after the man had posted on his facebook page that refugees should `` burn alive '' or `` drown '' in the mediterranean . 
   in september , the home of a 26-year-old berlin man was raided by police , who confiscated his computer and phones after he had posted the tragic image of the dead 3-year-old syrian boy whose body on a turkish beach became a symbol of the refugee crisis . 
  along with the photo , he had posted : `` we are not mourning , we are celebrating ! ''  a 29-year-old berlin woman , meanwhile , received five months probation in july after she had posted comments on facebook about an alleged rape of a german woman by an asylum seeker . 
  `` filth out ! '' she wrote , arguing that if tougher measures against refugees were not deployed , `` more asylum seekers ' homes will burn . '' https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/germany-springs-to-action-over-hate-speech-against-migrants/2016/01/06/6031218e-b315-11e5-8abc-d09392edc612_story.html were these statements offensive ? 
  yes . 
  do i think they should be illegal ? 
  they did n't include direct threats of violence . 
  but i tell you what , maybe i am a bit naive . 
  i always said `` let germans speak their mind , they have done all the right things for a very long time . '', 
  and german redditors said there were still right winger crazies around , and they could rally support widely . 
  maybe they were right , afd is nuts , and there was that skinhead riot . 
  but if reasonable people do n't have an outlet to protest major changes in society , they will turn to extremists . 
  it 's a shame greece does n't have any english speaking politicians who could advocate these points this persuasively ( that i know of ) . 
  you should offer your services . 
  right on , especially about monetary policy . 
  lol, 
   if they keep this up our royal families will be more in touch with the common man than your political establishment . 
  there is a show on showtime that follows around the candidates . 
  jeb bush was at some event , and i guy got up and said `` i appreciate everything your family has done for this country , you are the closest thing we have to royalty . '', 
  lol , jeb did not like that . 
  amazing how poorly he has done . 
  he 's actually kind of likable . 
  hillary is approaching bernie just like she did with obama . 
  and bernie comes off as so authentic ( he 's been saying the same things for 30 years ) , it makes her look like such a phony . 
  even worse , some of these folks started out poor , and forgot . 
  but yeah , they are so out of touch , especially hillary . 
  it 's because they do n't work for the people , they work for their donors . 
  you are actually right , belgian beer is everywhere . 
  yesterday i was at a store where they had a tasting of the first organic beer brewed in ny . 
  tasted very similar to duvel . 
  i 've been to the ommegang brewery , which is owned by duvel . 
  awesome belgian food there as well . 
  so yeah , belgian beer is all over the place , and it 's awesome . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42kyqg/dutch_police_are_visiting_the_homes_of_people/ check it out , i got called a right winger !, 
  i saw it , and made a suggestion for your first days in power . 
  people like sanders and trump because they are not in the political establishment , but after that they like them for mostly different reasons .
