  you are a man of infinite patience . 
  should i go buy snus ? 
  not quite like that anymore . 
  very interesting , thank you . 
  this would have happened much less if the government who offers the aid is also penalized instead of rewarded . 
  has there been other examples of companies being fined after they were provided with illegal state aid ? 
  do you think ireland should be punished ? 
  yes , but when you buy a car directly from the government , you tend to think it 's a legal car . 
  ireland should be punished , it should n't make 13b from it 's wrongdoing . 
  no , we get that , it 's similar to the fed gov here . 
  we do n't get how ireland did the wrong thing , but apple is the one paying . 
  once i was out with my wife , my friends and their wives . 
  this one girl was blatantly hitting on my married friend right in front of his wife . 
  and she kept at it after he made it clear that he had no interest , so he threw a glassful of water at her . 
  she freaked out and got kicked out . 
  always escalate when in nyc . 
  this sounds like a fun night out . 
  what did the bf have to say ? 
  i think this girl liked you ... happy cakeday !, 
  you could n't pay me to go to the halloween parade . 
  if you had told her to stfu , you might get some moral support , but for someone to be `` out of line '' is going to take a lot more than that . 
  now i 'll be a little snotty ; bob ross did paint by numbers hotel room paintings for old people in iowa , he is n't going to be on the radar in the west village . 
  cool idea for a costume though . 
  are you german ? 
  yup , i actually like helping out foreign tourists , they have legit questions usually . 
  not everyone gets to cavort around with the 1 % all day . 
  i 've lived in london and nyc , and ny'ers seem like warm and cuddly rural canadians compared to londoners , and we are by far the biggest assholes in this country . 
  i was in denver last weekend , everyone was so happy and nice , pretty depressing coming back . 
  that being said , ny'ers are far more confrontational than anywhere else i 've been . 
  if you do something `` wrong '' you will get yelled at or more . 
  we are assholes if we do n't know you and you waste our time . 
  if we do n't know you and you have a reasonable reason for interacting , we will be nice to you . 
  but yes , we are cool and friendly ;-), 
  such a great documentary . 
  i agree with you in principle , but if you have a national government saying that something is ok , you can generally follow that in good faith and nor expect to be punished . 
  if apple had a reasonable suspicion that this was illegal , they should pay . 
  i 'm not aware of any other eu cases on this tax issue . 
  there were many actions against german states bailing out landesbanken , though i 'm not sure what the penalty was . 
  i 'm saying that we are good at taxing the shit out of people, 
  i can get into the euro cup , world cup , olympics , etc. , but i 'm not feeling the rest of it . 
  i think it 's absurd . 
  i get there are some historically significant areas , but most of dublin would benefit from development . 
  also , they have a massive housing shortage . 
  they could really capitalize on brexit if they had the infrastructure . 
  one of the biggest shocks of my life was when i was studying in london , and a new brit friend said `` your jewish , you should be a totenham fan . '', 
  i knew nothing about euro soccer culture , and that comment struck me as beyond ridiculous . 
  and then i learned about the fun with ajax . 
  i 'm just glad that here sport brings everyone together , especially new americans , and people who would n't normally be around each other . 
  anyway , that comment was 20 years ago , and the guy who said it was just here with his wife . 
  i know it 's just part of the culture there , but it 's so foreign to my experience . 
  i think they built a 10 story building by the docks ... 
  we really do taxes well , it 's workers rights we need to worry about . 
  i see where you are coming from , respoding to stupid comments by an american , but the vast majority of young people in the us have been in much better shape than you young people in spain and greece over the last 10 years , and i do n't think many americans would opt to move to bulgaria , romania , etc. 
  by all means northern europe is a great place to live , but not all of europe has a higher standard of living than all of america . 
  i find all that shit sickening , there is no rational argument for it . 
  and the idea of jewish , catholic , protestant clubs is so alien to me . 
  but anyway , the serbian fella talking about the kkk is way of base , it 's a tiny thing like westboro baptists , not some kind of large movement . 
  but apple believed it was acting legally . 
  the irish government is the one who acted wrongly , and will be rewarded with billions of euros . 
  do you see the kkk burning effigies of jews at sports events ? 
  we have the highest corporate taxes in the world . 
  this whole thing was done by ireland , not the us . 
  apple paid exactly what ireland told it to pay . 
  it 's probably for russian consumption , to show them we have no plans there . 
  and it is our business , who do you think is providing security to ee ? 
  i 'd love to see we take the lead , but they are n't very concerned . 
  it does n't affect anyone in europe . 
  apple can deduct what they pay in foreign taxes for their us tax bill . 
  i do n't think we get any special status in canada, 
  i think the treasury dept. 
  is worried about uncertainty , and ex-post facto application of the law . 
  they are probably just wary in general with regard to eu treatment of american corps . 
  in the long run , we need to have our companies stop with the loophole stuff . 
  welp , that sucks . 
  you forgot to mention the billions of dollars flowing to human smugglers . 
  good , pay up apple . 
  you want to get away from us taxes ? 
  no one will ever move that money here unless there is an amnesty passed . 
  it 's not exactly beneficial for us to have all these american companies setting up offshore to avoid paying taxes here . 
  i 'm sure there will be a lot of upset corporate folks , but this arrangement is not good for the us . 
  it 's not good for anyone but ireland . 
  yup , and they do n't move to canada either, 
  mine does, 
  got shot twice so far today . 
  so not hating immigrants enough makes us a joke ? 
  yes , because socially conservative americans are the kind to emigrate to scandinavia and demand that you change . 
  i do n't think you have to worry . 
  it 's not amazing , we 're really nice . 
  wow , hope you are ok !, 
  do you live in an old building ? 
  i was in an old masonry building in nyc when a tiny earthquake hit , and it shook like crazy . 
  freaked me out . 
  hell of a lot better than chinese shit, 
  i was n't really jesting . 
  i find it amusing that the biggest winner in the eu is leaving it , and they still post this . 
  it 's an important language , but not the primary language . 
  they are tons of languages spoken in india especially . 
  i think they are the 2nd largest english speaking country in the world , but they still are n't in the anglosphere . 
  for the olympics it 's great britain , as ni people can compete for ireland if they wish . 
  trying to steal the uk 's glory .
