  i 'm not sure how much tickets are , but if i were you , i 'd spend my time in manhattan/brooklyn !, 
  i 'm at a winery in upstate new york drinking cider , so yes . 
  and when i studied in london , we had the pub next to the classrooms . 
  seriously , missed a lot of classes . 
  except i 'd never actually make it to class . 
  that 's metric bro ... : - /, 
  no , i 'm talking about 1920s type shit millions . 
  i know plenty of euros who moved here too . 
  if that is n't worth fighting for , i do n't know what is . 
  when i lived in london i saw plenty of normal , working people having a pint or two at lunch . 
  not such a difference . 
  that thread is about cali people running up prices , not xenophobia . 
  if that is your criteria , ireland should be on the list . 
  uh , uk folks are known to have a pint or 8 at a weekday lunch . 
  and that is exactly what my comment said . 
  you are n't paying attention . 
  the guy above me gave a horrible scenario , that is the only wat euros would come here . 
  i 'm talking about mass immigration . 
  the only way comfortable europeans are going to come here is if things turn to absolute shit over there . 
  i 'm sure many would go to canada too . 
  the wermacht . 
  if your `` bad '' scenario happens , i think the us will end up with a lot of great immigrants from europe . 
  wait until there is an anti-semitic attack by refugees in germany . 
  let merkel remove him . 
  i admit that wrote that under the influence ... 
  i did a semester in the uk , i did not consider staying or going back . 
  not that i disliked it or anything . 
  but i 'd consider ireland for an extended period of time , or permanently . 
  wristbands ? 
  we agitated that whole situation to get assad out of there . 
  and just the general instability in the me from iraq . 
  isis has tons of american gear stolen from the iraqi army . 
  he could be of use . 
  we should definitely take more , since we helped make this mess . 
  how much money do you spend on fuel a week ? 
  was on mobile , thought i was replying to the irish fella . 
  yeah i am . 
  i 'm an attorney in nyc , and i 've worked on plenty of irish and english law cases . 
  we are all common law jurisdictions . 
  i was just there for 10 days , and now i 'm kind of obsessed with the place . 
  basically felt like i was at home , and everyone has friends and family in the county i live in ( westchester ) , and the bronx . 
  you know how crazy it is for me to go to a bar in galway , and the bartender know my high school ? 
  i graduated with 55 kids !, 
  and the landscapes , holy shit . 
  breathtaking . 
  i think donegal is the most beautiful place i 've ever seen in my life . 
  i 've lived in the uk , and have traveled much of europe , but i literally never considered ever living in another country until i visited ireland . 
  i was at a wedding full of uk ` erz in ireland last week . 
  not one would tell me what a cheeky nandos was . 
  that 's just a driving test at the dmv . 
  yeah , like blyats . 
  phone to talk , phone to listen . 
  i thought it was hilarious . 
  i had to watch multiple films in the classroom telling us you ca n't get it from a toilet seat . 
  dude , you have to be kidding me , that 's ridiculous . 
  tons of people come down with it . 
  if untreated long term , thete can be very , very severe consequences for your joints . 
  lol , canada sucks . 
  ( not really ), 
  so , can i work there ? 
  when was that though ? 
  no one can reasonably argue it was a good thing at this point . 
  i do n't know a single person now who thinks iraq was a good thing . 
  live in the northeast . 
  sykes-picot caused it . 
  basically germany is still being punished for losing wwi . 
  exactly , we are all shit , just different kinds of shit . 
  maybe in the defaults , but i 'm not in those too often . 
  pretty much i 'm talking about this sub . 
  and not in a stupid circlejerk way , just seems to be a lot of disliking going on . 
  yup , that becomes more clear to me every day . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_income#states_ranked_by_per_capita_income https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_income#states_ranked_by_median_household_income, 
  `` zed '' is the worst . 
  fuck you , i 'm not telling my owner shit after you talk to me like that . 
  fuck to you !, 
  i took french in high school , so i have some very limited skills ... also , i hate the monarchy , so i think i have that in common with many quebecois . 
  hope you do n't mind a tourist question ; is christmas considered a peak travel time for quebec city ? 
  would it be really expensive to head up there that weel ? 
  yeah , i 've had good experiences for the most part . 
  but being on reddit kind of changed my perception , but i think i got the wrong impression of the real world . 
  because it 's german ? 
  now i feel better about trying my pathetic french when i visit montreal , even though the natives switch to english right away . 
  love it there . 
  those are n't going to be the choices . 
  ** we have countless / r/forwardsfromgrandma where validation from americans is seen as a very impressive thing !!!!, 
  i was in ireland for a wedding of a uk couple , language was the only thing you guys gave me a hard time about !, 
  but i say this , think of the vast swaths of forest that your nation has destroyed printing all those unnecessary `` u `` s in every of effing word . 
  hang your heads in shame . 
  you just got a raise buddy !, 
  i think europeans think back to european nationalism , and freak out when they see a flag on a building . 
  i live in a very `` left '' ( for america ) town , in a building filled with married-gay socialists who are environmental and human rights activists . 
  and our building has a flag out front . 
  to me , that is pretty benign , it 's like a tradition , and an inclusive one , because anyone can be an american . 
  but it 's free , right ? 
  most of us ca n't even read :-( my cat is transcribing this for me . 
  just one thing to know about nationalism here , the extremists who go the most nuts with waiving flags and the constitution and all that are largely the most anti-government people out there . 
  and a flag here means `` i like my country , '' but not `` i like my government . '', 
  a little early to be drinking , no ? 
  it 's ok to not like a countries politics , but like it 's people . 
  which app ?
