  in fact , if you go on a date in america , and you split the bill , it is called `` going dutch . '', 
  as opposed to the old fashioned standard of the man paying for everything . 
  personally i think this is a good quality . 
  poles , romanians and people from baltics complain about you non-stop here , it is very common . 
  look to any thread about russia . 
  ok , so let france do the talking and build a consensus . 
  i do n't think you understand what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying everyone voices their opinion on reddit . 
  you can tell someone their opinion is wrong in your opinion , and not based upon the facts , but you ca n't make blanket statements like `` americans ca n't comment on germany . '', 
  that is n't how reddit works . 
  not to mention that the security situation directly affects us , as do many other issues , so our opinion matters . 
  plus , if you really are sick of americans , i 'm sure there are other sites that do n't have a huge american userbase . 
  absolutely , it would be great for us too . 
  i 'm not sure why europeans complain about us being warmongering hegemonists yet are not willing to develop their own capabilities to become independent . 
  honestly , you guys and france should be making the biggest stink of all , you guys are the only large countries to take defense issues seriously . 
  you said americans come in here and tell you what to do on reddit , so why in the world would you think i was talking about the real world ? 
  on reddit people tell americans what to do all the time , in fact everyone tells everyone else what to do all the time on this site . 
  why you think you should get an exemption is beyond me . 
  if you want to keep dissent out , make it a private sub . 
  we are the only country you have aland border with , and you are surprised we are your biggest trading partner ? 
  you are also ou biggest trading partner . 
  not at all , but in general canada benefits from us , so it can be annoying to hear things like `` ugh , i wish we were n't stuck next to the us . '', 
  i 'm not sure how we harm you . 
  and you guys are a great ally , no one disputes that . 
  which purchase was that ? 
  yeah , no one ever tells us what to think . 
  eastern european redditors state this 1000 times more than americans , so he is n't jut making it up . 
  and in case you did n't notice , everyone on reddit tells everyone else everything . 
  we ca n't and would n't do that . 
  we would just leave the alliance in a worst case scenario . 
  yes , not to mention all the oil under the arctic sea . 
  russia used a submarine to plant a flag at the bottom of the ocean to claim oil . 
  read up on this , it 's a very big deal to canada . 
  canada does just fine in the world . 
  we are 313m people , you are 30m , that is all there is to it . 
  actually it is over 100 % now . 
  i agree , that is not great , however our economy is growing , we borrow at super low rates , and our deficit is shrinking every year . 
  the only reason we can get away with this is because we are the reserve currency , and the fed is always willing to print . 
  trust me , in 2009 i was buying silver and gold and waiting for the end . 
  but against everything i knew , they pulled it off . 
  i 'm not saying it 's good , because it just makes the rich rcher and screws the little people , but default is not a worry . 
  totally different than in the eu . 
  greece or anyone else really can default , because they have no right to print money . 
  well , it is all bad . 
  however , i think people in eastern europe do have bad memories of the times before 1989 , and even kids who were n't born then will be taught about it by their parents . 
  maybe they have n't met many russians , i do n't know . 
  i live in nyc , i know tons of russians . 
  my officemate is russian , my best friend married a russian , where my grandmother lives in brooklyn there are no signs in english , only russians . 
  i do n't think americans hate russians . 
  well , i confess that in brighton beach , brooklyn , some of them do drive like a-holes and go the wrong way down a one way street and honk at me to move . 
  besides those guys , i have no issue with them . 
  when you are taught `` one man , one vote , '' everything else seems a bit strange . 
  i know it is not working to our advantage of course , but the two parties will never change it . 
   a couple of decades ago you might have similarly asked `` under what circumstances would the united states support extremist sunni terrorist groups ? '', 
  what do you think we did with the mujahadeen in afghanistan during the 80s ? 
  that did n't work out so great of course . 
  nothing you are saying is new , every country acts for it 's own interests . 
  and a ton of poles too . 
  a lot of groups get hate here . 
  gypsies and muslims especially . 
  not saying it 's right , i 'm saying russia is n't alone in that aspect . 
  we really do n't have a problem with debt . 
  yup shakeshack is fast food , but it is n't processed garbage like mcdonalds or anything . 
  which location did you go to ? 
  what steakhouse did you go to ? 
  there are sooo many good ones , but unless you are filthy rich , you do n't go more than twice a year . 
  glad you enjoyed the woolworth , i have a doctor appointment there on monday , it will be my first time in there . 
  what do you mean by the `` newyorkness '' of everything ? 
  it was like in the movies ? 
  as for the clositers , i used to live 5 min away , overlooking the hudson , it was awesome . 
  it 's a great museum , is n't it ? 
  well for us it is great , we do n't have so much medieval stuff . 
  did you go to the metropolitan museum of art ? 
  yeah , very different from the us with school , people like to go at least a few hours away to be independent . 
  sorry , i do n't know much about how exchange programs work . 
  when i went to london , it was sponsored by an ny state school , so i just paid my normal tuition and got full credit . 
  my spanish ex did the same with her spanish school i believe . 
  i 'm sure anything in the eu would be easier for you . 
  as for my friend that went to colombia , she graduated from another university 10 years ago , and worked as a web designer and got tired of it . 
  so she went to columbia 's graduate program . 
  that would always be an option for you . 
  yes , very expensive , but very good chance you make a lot of money . 
  want to hear a funny story about the barcelona architecture school ? 
  my ex 's parents would not let her brother go to that school because it was a few hours away . 
  so he had to go to school in valencia for electrical engineering because it was only an hour away . 
  i guess they were country bumpkins , i do n't know . 
  but how could you do that to your son ? 
  i guess it 's even crazier with that stuff in italy . 
  i could swear i gave you pizza places , but when you plan your trip i will let you know . 
  i hope you did n't block the sidewalk looking up !!, 
  hopefully no one bumped you hard . 
  shake shack is good for fast food , but if you went to s steakhouse or somewhere like that for a burger , you would lose your mind . 
  you got into the woolworth ? 
  look at this : http://nypost.com/2014/09/21/woolworth-building-wont-allow-tourists-to-sightsee-in-lobby/ joe 's shanghai , nice !, 
  you were really in the middle of chinatown . 
  i work a 5 min walk from there . 
  we have pretty good mexican , but nothing like texas or california . 
  but yeah , we have good japanese . 
  obviously wqe have a trillion other kinds of food as well . 
  this is katz 's menu : http://katzsdelicatessen.com/menus/ why do you have to go to school in barcelona ?
