  pogroms do not have to be a massive , widespread thing . 
  if in a small town a mob attacks a refugee center or refugees in the street , that is a pogrom . 
  they got rid of 3 strike altogether . 
  it 's a very complicated situation . 
  the people voted in a referendum to not accept authority , and it was ignored . 
  i actually praised greece , you 'd think i said `` hurr derr , all of europe is nazis . '', 
  so let me get this straight , right now , in prosperous northern europe there is currently a rise in nationalist parties . 
  but if there was a a decade long depression , insane austerity enforced because of blind faith in an infantile understanding of monetary policy , and there had been years of migrants arriving before this current crisis , there would be no violence ? 
  you can accuse me of being hyperbolic , but i hardly think it 's a ridiculous statement . 
  and even though there is not the rise of the right in the uk , one could argue that brexit is a part of this whole deal , seeing that freedom of movement by eu nationals was biggest motivator for it . 
  i notice that you and another german seem to be offended . 
  do you think i 'm calling you a nazi or something ? 
  i actually do n't think germany would be where the problems are . 
  fn and fpo are more what i was thinking . 
  you 're right , the rise of nationalist parties in northern europe is a total figment of my imagination . 
  the primary motivation is to look good ? 
  they felt guilty for having it so good . 
  i think it speaks very highly of the greek people . 
  your country has been in a horrific depression for almost a decade , you are having insanely harsh austerity forced an you , and you have been a dumping ground for migrants for years . 
  there would be pogroms in northern europe under these conditions . 
  hillary is a neocon , so there 's that to look fwd to . 
  i was just happy to get to slieve league on a sunny day . 
  absolutely amazing . 
  everyone told us it was a miracle to be there with no fog . 
  weird new feelings ? 
  hopefully in a good way , and not in a violent , drunken english way . 
  wowza , that is pretty warm for over there . 
  i was over late august last year , it was a little chillier . 
  we also had some amazing days without a cloud in the sky . 
  i wonder if the dutch turn to lobsters in spain like the english do . 
  i do n't know , your summer rain seemed pretty cold too . 
  the east village ? 
  you are being extremely literal ... 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-commission-critical-of-hungarys-anti-migrant-fence-1434629337 http://www.upi.com/top_news/world-news/2015/06/18/eu-serbia-critical-of-hungarian-fence-plan/3201434635738/, 
  it happened the day they put up the fence . 
  yes , call hungary mean names for putting up a fence . 
  i 'm sure it was helpful to the cause , but i 'm thinking that the years of war with the us and getting nuked twice was a bit more impactful . 
  the 2012 law ? 
  if so , i think that 's a good thing . 
  on aug. 9 , 1945 . 
  where are you guyus coming up with this stuff ? 
  hiroshima was bombed on aug 6 . 
  california 's 3 strike law used to be brutal , where a 3rd felony would get you 25 to life . 
  however , no where in the country is a joint going to be a felony . 
  in 2012 they amended the law so that only violent/serious felonies could be your 3rd strike . 
  they also gave the right of people who had a non-violent 3rd strike to appeal . 
  it should be noted that it was the prison guard union that lobbied for the law . 
  diacletion 's palace in split sort of is a central square . 
  we have very stupid drug laws , but no one is going away for decades over a joint . 
  yeah , after we nuked japan , and a few days before they surrendered . 
  big help . 
  same here in ` murica . 
  you would n't like the canadians when they are angry . 
  tread lightly eu . 
  ussr did a great job ignoring japan during the war . 
  ionic . 
  finally i 'll get my revenge for kristallnacht . 
  or i 'll be applying for asylum because trump won the election . 
  win/win . 
  i ca n't disagree with that . 
  though our methods did improve growth , as well as rewarding bad behavior . 
  austerity punishes , and does n't do much else . 
  not true , those people would be mooninites . 
   ( even though we are not that dissimilar ) that is why there is the whole `` not america '' thing , because we are so similar . 
  hell , he should be grateful merkel let the government proceed against b\u00f6hmermann for his poem . 
  that 's true , we have civic nationalism , not ethnic nationalism . 
  personally , i think that 's a good thing , ethno-nationalism creeps me out . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with 1/18th irish , etc. 
  that stuff is helpful in the context of american society , as the identity is useful for conveying social information . 
  also , in much of the country , that is n't really a thing . 
  a lot of people are just `` american , '' probably english . 
  in places like nyc , people still do hold onto identities a bit . 
  that being said , even the most rabid plastic paddy on earth is % 100 american , does n't plan on moving to ireland or even keep up with politics there . 
  it 's totally different than 3rd gen turks apparently . 
  i do think the lack of a ethnic identity does push people here to identify more with their profession/hobbies , etc. 
  here than other places . 
  you do kind of have to make your own identity , but i do n't think that 's a bad thing . 
  well , that 's what i thought would happen . 
  my coworker is a russian jew who came to the us as a refugee . 
  he said they were n't taught anything of the holocaust in russia , which surprised me . 
  i thought it would be good propaganda against fascists . 
  thx for the answer . 
  wait , i thought we were rabid nationalists . 
  was the holocaust treated the same way in the gdr as in west germany ? 
  welp , that 's insulting . 
  very good explanation ( and grammar ) . 
  however , there are enough euros around , and the ez economy is big enough that you could have done the same as us if the whole block went for it . 
  of course germany would rather see portugal/greece/spain / italy ground into dirt before they even consider altering their parochial view of monetary policy . 
  no , no it does not , and most investment banks are against it . 
  austerity helps no one but a certain creditor nation . 
  actually goldman ( as with most us and uk investment banks ) are all for qe and the american/uk approach to the economic crisis . 
  they are not for german austerity , nor looking at monetary/fiscal policy like it 's a household budget . 
  this is just buying influence . 
  the english translation sounds like cave men , i 'm not saying it sounds like cave men to you . 
  but if you wish to be offended , feel free . 
  thx brah , did n't think people would actually think i meant they speak like cave men . 
  the translation comes out like cavemanese in english , that 's all . 
  i do n't get this . 
  how is this off topic , mods ? 
  european nation has helicopter shot down in a conflict involving other european nations .
