  also , does russia have you over their knee with the gas supply , and has this caused anyone to reconsider the total abandonment of nuke power ? 
  thanks . 
   just enough to not lose their entirely credibility some would say they have lost it entirely . 
  besides military support , and some sanctions , i do n't think there is so much the us can do . 
  obama has already said the military option is off the table . 
  would the country that you are the most disappointed with be germany ? 
  do you think merkel should consider sanctions ? 
  do you think as a whole , the eu should upgrade it 's military capabilities and integration ? 
  and how do you feel about the eu response ? 
  david is in arms . 
  oh , i can understand the whole immigration issue , i was thinking along the lines of the tartars , bosniaks , jews , etc. 
  ; people who are your neighbors , and the next day your are painting x 's on their door . 
  in all seriousness , i 'm curious . 
  i shall delete my comment . 
  my friend , you can delete your comment , and i 'll delete mine . 
  what do you think will happen to your karma !, 
  on reddit , or in norway ? 
  i am friends with a ( non-practicing ) muslim girl who was bused out of srebenica while her dad was missing and presumed dead . 
  luckily , he lived . 
  she is an educated , successful woman here in ny , but since some ottoman converted her family in the 15th century , i guess i should not give a fuck about her . 
  i 'm jewish myself , so i tend to get upset over anything of this type , but i 'm sure i 'm just a whiny baby . 
  nationalism in europe is back , and everyone thinks it is just great . 
  besides the ukranians , who are the losers ? 
  think that will change when lng by ship becomes viable ? 
  yes , iran will turn on their russian ally . 
  your solution is right next door , the french and their nuclear power plants . 
  learn from them . 
  and i live a 25 min drive from a nuke plant myself in case you think i am biased in any way . 
  unfortunately it seems a lot of european redditors do not give a fuck . 
  fits is with the `` i 'm so sick of the holocaust ! '', 
  comments . 
  hell , srebernica was n't that long ago , and they do n't seem to remember that either . 
  sickening if you ask me . 
  valid proposition , but i can assure you that this all has to do with pandering , and wo n't pass . 
  old jews vote . 
  that is the answer . 
  and it wo n't pass . 
  you sunofabitch, 
  i thought it was a prestige/marketing thing . 
  you are a courteous fellow , are n't you ? 
  so what is my tag ? 
  i now have you tagged as `` nice dutch guy '', 
  the big problem with the concorde was that it was never profitable . 
  ha , the heroin crackbaby thing was from one of those crazy anti-roma threads that was going on . 
  i think there was some apartment complex in germany that was completely taken over by the roma , and people were going nuts that they got 1200 euro a month as well . 
  then they were going on about how the people inject their babies with heroin so they sleep , then take them out and beg . 
  i guess you used res to tag me ? 
  i should use that function more . 
  well main battle tanks are still good against your own populace , so they have that going for them . 
  i totally got why it made sense , `` too soon '' for me i guess . 
  i just feel horrible for those families . 
  i 've only had a few knockdown , drag out fights on reddit , and hope one of them was not with you . 
  or maybe we had a nice convo . 
  enlighten me . 
  f-35 is supposed to be able to do it all . 
  the days of large scale manned air combat is over in any event . 
  we have no high speed rail to protect !, 
  seriously !, 
  none !, 
  which is why everyone does business with them . 
  the german government also directly pays survivors . 
  they have done just about everything right if you ask me ( i 'm jewish as well , if that means anything ) . 
  i 'm glad you are so forgiving !, 
  they may visit you again soon !, 
  there are 120k american survivors alive right now . 
  i 'm not saying this bill makes any sense if the nazi 's killed employees who did not comply , but it has nothing to do with xeonophobia and more to do with the 100 % voter turnout of old jews in nursing homes . 
  why are there so many foreign cars here if we are so xenophobic on matters of transportation ? 
  i understand that , but it was a ridiculous , nonsensical comment , so i do n't think 50/50 is really that great . 
  it was n't the worst thing in the world , but it is just so fucked up this is happening . 
  it 's like the nazis or bosnia or some shit . 
  maybe nothing will come of it , but i find it so disturbing . 
  yet he has 16 upvotes . 
  did the germans ever compensate the polish people ? 
   versus the us which as a single government can buy a single kind of plane for the one purpose instead of developing three different ones for three different state needs ) . 
  actually we always build duplicative systems , it is a disgrace . 
  what the swiss banks did was atrocious , as were many of the german companies . 
  those companies were like the ground zero of nazi slave labor and theft . 
  if you want to say this case is a bit far afield , fine , but i find it hard to believe the swiss should have just kept tons of jewish gold with no repercussions . 
  seriously , we have no high speed rail here . 
  commuter and freight rail , sure , but i do n't know who the fuck this is supposed to protect . 
  the concorde flew right to nyc , it is n't a desert . 
  protectionism on behalf of the american high speed rail industry ? 
  so why are people downvoting this ? 
  this really is n't something to joke about . 
  that someone is angela merkel . 
  i do n't mean declaring war , i mean be willing to be involved with sanctions . 
  this can not stand , humanity has learned nothing . 
  i think it is totally irrational , but i suppose they are traumatized , who knows . 
  in any event , that is their gov/military , not joe schmoe on the street . 
  also , i 've heard conspiracy stuff saying that part of the bailouts given to them by germany was used to buy arms as a condition . 
  't was a play on words , my friend . 
  marching in the month of mars and all that . 
  yup . 
  `` the name of march comes from latin martius , the first month of the earliest roman calendar . 
  it was named for mars , the roman god of war ... '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/march#origin, 
  hey , i hear you . 
  it just gets a bit tiring getting bashed about wwii , and i 'm not really not sure why people are always going on about that . 
  and they usually are advocating ridiculous theories , which do not take the pacific front into account . 
  we chose not to go straight from wii to wwiii , and as a result of that , poland was occupied by the ussr and then became a satellite state . 
  yes , that sucked for them , though uk/us fighting the russians on their ground would have been pretty damn bad too .
