  you 'd like vermont . 
  so on sporadic , random occasions you see a religious kook ? 
  i 've never seen a protestor at a concert myself . 
  nice !, 
  where will you be studying ? 
  cool , where you studying ? 
  yeah man !, 
  those effing extremist catholic , hard working mexicans suck !, 
  fuck them !, 
  i 've lived in the uk and in the us , i 'm sorry , i ca n't agree with you on the food thing at all . 
  full ? 
  bit of an overstatement , i used to see one lady who yelled `` praise jesus ! '', 
  but that is it . 
  back the fuck off, 
  he said the us was one of the first , not the first . 
  just ask for another rebate from your eu bretheren . 
  ha , you were making a joke , got it . 
  i mean i see the jews control everything joke on a sub with squiggly drawn balls , but it 's not so much of a thing that ai would pick it up from a short text comment . 
  unfortunately i do n't get to control anything . 
  that is great !, 
  yes , but pttuga63 still was n't alive in 1801 . 
  there is no need at all , and i almost never mention it . 
  no one ever knows i have a jewish background unless i tell them . 
  my family has been here since the 1800s , and we are as american as it gets . 
  however , this article was all about american jews and what we supposedly think , so it was relevant . 
  you said 1801 was the worst year of your life . 
  i thought you were a person , not an actual nation . 
  you should do an ama . 
  just one for scale . 
  two, 
  holy shit , you are over 200 years old ? 
  no one can ever tell i have a jewish background . 
  has made me privy to some great comments over the years . 
  it must because you keep all that good cheese indoors . 
  you think an antisemite or nazis cares if i practice or not ? 
  not always , but definitely to ohians . 
  huh ? 
  a bunch of people said us and a. 
  though some were scared they would get downvoted , lel . 
  uh , belgium is pretty fucking outstanding with beer . 
  edit : please refute this , anyone . 
  if you come here , please bring some of those tall , gorgeous women . 
  i 'm short and married , but it 's ok , still bring them . 
  do n't skip it my man , they have some nice weed that can help you chill . 
  based on the quality of your comments , i 'm going to say it 's a safe bet you passed . 
  this set of my jewish spider senses . 
  nyc and sf are the two greatest cities in the us in my opinion . 
  seattle is very cool , but as an nyc ` er , i really did get freaked out by how nice the people were . 
  they would just walk up and ask me if i needed directions , would just talk to you in line , etc. 
  but after two days , i realized they were n't just being trying to scam me , or being fake , they are honestly that nice . 
  when i got back home , i realized we can be assholes on the east coast . 
  would be a shock for a finn too , i imagine . 
  i also highly recommend boulder/denver - huge mountains , great beer , great weed , nice people . 
  boston is awesome too . 
  well cleveland has great lakes brewery , and i 'd visit for that reason alone . 
  you just made me feel old again . 
  thanks . 
  good luck tho . 
  good luck broski . 
  i passed the ny bar 10 years ago !!!, 
  i just realized that . 
  eff you for making me feel old . 
  it was the first one that did the language in . 
  why rhode island ? 
  it has a terrible economy . 
  new england is great though , good choice . 
  cascadia is amazing , but it 's too cloudy . 
  colorado is probably the greatest place ever . 
   and i do n't mind the weather . 
  galician ? 
  i know somewhere else good for you . 
  do the germans get pissy that you make better lager than them ? 
  but cleveland , buffalo and detroit are great lakes cities ... 
  you should at least visit us . 
  nyc of course . 
  no , i 've had it in the netherlands , and i 've had it in the us ; bottles in the us taste like a skunk because of the light green glass , same goes for german beers . 
  on tap in amsterdam , the heineken was decent . 
  i liked the warbetuk ( sp ? ), 
  much better than the regular lager . 
  i just think it is important for people outside the us to understand that israel is not just a jewish issue . 
  yeah , it 's for religious reasons for many . 
  this article explains a lot of it : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/28/us/politics/republicans-criticize-james-baker-for-speech-on-benjamin-netanyahu.html?ref=politics, 
  i 'm pretty sure it would offend european nations if we offered jews asylum as persecuted people at this point . 
  i also love how she says american jews ca n't be sure about exerting influence in the us , and conflates that with israel . 
  has she not noticed that evangelical conservative republican christians are far more pro netanyahu and pro-israel than jewish democrats ? 
  if every jew left the us today , there would be tons of pro-israel people . 
  i doubt the policy would change . 
  for the most part , no one bothers american jews , we are just other people who live here too . 
  edit : by jewish , i mean i have a very jewish last name , i do n't practice or anything . 
  been assimilated for generations . 
  i just assume he is special . 
  i 'm a drunk , it 's going to be scotch for me tonight . 
  i just love learning about the culture of europe . 
  palm is much better than both , no ? 
  good stuff . 
  here in ny , it 's gotten to the point that i can get chimay , duvel , delirium , etc. 
  at just about any supermarket , and some gas stations/drug stores . 
  i do love going to a belgian bar , especially if they have petrus . 
  is all that amazing belgian beer available in the netherlands ? 
  great weather ?
