  lot of vindictive folks around !, 
   quite bad . 
  they used to tyranically run a country , now they are mountain guerilla warfare . 
  did they manage to annoy the us during the occupation ? 
  sure . 
  did it help them in any way to `` win '' the war , in any sense of the word ? 
  you tell me ... and once we leave , they can go right back to being in charge . 
  as for my comment about it being better than nothing , all i 'm saying is the guns are here , we would use them . 
  i really do n't care if people in europe have guns or not , and i 'd be happy to have all our troops leave so you can go back to butchering each other . 
  :-) we can not be invaded because of the atlantic and pacific , not because we have guns . 
  people can attack us , sure , but from geography alone , we can never be occupied . 
  we have all the resources we need right here . 
  look how well the taliban does with rifles and simple bombs . 
  in any event , it 's better than having nothing . 
  the us ca n't be invaded anyway , so we 'll never know . 
  from moscow , it still makes sense . 
  i have n't read it . 
  do you have a problem with that ? 
  you crack me up . 
  i wish europe would unify and be a counterbalance which would cut down our adventurism . 
  having our troops out of europe would do that as well . 
  but you are squabbling babies who lets putin shoot down planes and you are on the verge of transforming greece into a third world country . 
  this was europe 's chance to unify , instead , you are fracturing in every single way . 
  if it makes you feel better , we are cutting our military bigtime , and we are nearly self sufficient when it comes to energy , meaning that we will need to be less involved with everything . 
  i 'm an anti-interventionist , i want all our troops out of europe asap , and it will happen . 
  and you will go right back to fighting each other as you have for thousands of years . 
  i 'd vote for you . 
  whoa, 
  i know you were n't asking , i was just curious . 
  as i always say in this sub , i am very sorry for what is happening to the greek people , and i 'd love for as many of them to come here who want to . 
  also , no one here thinks greeks are lazy , it would be a nice change !, 
  i can hear the brits laughing from here . 
  are the germans seen as neoliberals now ? 
  this comment should be stickied for discussion . 
  this is the first time i 've seen someone say it . 
  from the outside , it looks like this sub went from `` eu above all ! '', 
  to `` greece is lazy , germany are nazis ! '', 
  they always say money is the biggest issue in any relationship . 
  any family in the us that can sponsor you ? 
  gd uses `` usury '' all the time . 
  how much is the survival tax ? 
  the official motto of reddit . 
  well , many europeans have high ideals of social democracy and protections , and are willing to pay for it , for their own country . 
  but when it comes to paying for it in another country within the union , not as much . 
  i think it 's because the peoples of the eu are so different . 
  not all of them of course , benelux/germans/nordics are similiar enough for their to be no issues really . 
  but let 's talk about greek/german differences . 
  for starters , they do n't even use the same alphabet !, 
  not many germans and greeks can speak to each other in english either . 
  how can these countries have any kind of dialog or understanding with each other ? 
  it 's a lot easier to care less about someone you ca n't understand . 
  and then you have the whole wwii history which is just gasoline on the fire . 
  so that is my theory . 
  the ez should have been for the core countries only , but now that greece is in it , they have to be saved . 
  basically the same over here . 
   one year . 
  i give it one year tops till shit hits the fan in greece , just mark my words . 
  i do n't think anyone can reasonably dispute this . 
  yet , it is being ignored by policy makers . 
  europe is sleepwalking into disaster . 
  the author is a 1 % er who likes anything that benefits his class . 
  what germany is pushing on greece is a neoliberal dream . 
  i 'm sure you have noticed americans , and american economists are not big on crushing a nation with austerity . 
  doing that is n't exactly in line with what i thought were european ideals either . 
  not much of an argument for legal heroin . 
  colorado is heaven . 
  go for your first time . 
  or italy , if they go through with it . 
  i 've been to italy , and ioved it . 
  if they legalized weed , i 'd go back tomorrow . 
  i hear you man , it 's really disheartening to see from here . 
  people have been brainwashed to think they care about each other , but they really do n't . 
  even in the same countries sometimes ( belgium , spain ) . 
  well i guess they know now . 
  i agree , but it should be a very low tax , since you are n't using resources at home . 
  we like these odd clubs , like with not using metric . 
  a wild putin causes a plane full of dutch to die , and yup , nothing . 
  lol . 
  norway is doing it the best way . 
  kind of like with refugees , or foreign policy . 
   just like greece 's leaders are trying to do what is best for greece . 
  german leaders are trying to do what is best for germany , that 's not anger , that 's democracy . 
  and who is trying to do what is best for the union ? 
  hmm , i do think you are right with regard to the eastern/central europeans . 
  so maybe my point is only applicable to the south ? 
  are you talking about nato action and the dayton accords ? 
  huh ? 
  i agree with that for the most part . 
  i think there is strong impetus for closer integration with northern countries . 
  would n't a benelux/german/nordic union be great ? 
  these countries are similar enough to work very well together . 
  i suppose the biggest problem in my view is over expansion . 
  i think the no votes against the eu treaty in referendums spoke for the people . 
  this whole thing comes from the top down . 
  if the people do n't want this project to move forward , maybe it should n't , despite what the politicians think . 
  maybe that is what we are seeing here , the people were n't as unified as it was made out to be . 
  yes , but roman culture last much longer in the east . 
  do n't worry , you end up winning . 
  listen , i 'm not supposed to tell you this , but you seem like a nice guy . 
  i have it on good authority that and undersea rail is being created , and after the brexit , you are going to be towed to the gulf of maine , so you can share a border with canada ( will be cold though ) .
