  you ca n't make this shit up !, 
  not really relevant to this thread , but if your island could secede from italy , would you be in favor of that ? 
  has anyone told you to go home ? 
  no way , it 's not right !, 
  i just know that this can be a mentality in southern europe . 
  i dated a spanish girl for a long time , in the late 90s , when everything for spain was looking up . 
  yet she still distrusted everything , and was pessimistic . 
  but her family was very close and supportive . 
  i know this is much more the case in greece , and it exists in italy as well . 
  just seems to me that some southern european people have very tight , close family that they will do anything for ( including corruption , illegal things ) , but do n't give too much of a shit for society at large . 
  just my observation . 
  wow , great sourcing , thanks . 
  these limits on soldiers and equipement are ridiculous in 2014 . 
  germany is leaving a huge military vacuum in europe , which the us is filling . 
  germany and italy can be trusted , and would be at the core of any meaningful eu force . 
  the us needs to withdraw from these treaties , i suppose russia still has a say as things stand now . 
  scrap this garbage . 
  i 'm sorry , i may have confused you reply with that of a latvian who said he did not trust the germans . 
  though distrust of germany and russia seems to be a theme in comments i see from the baltics . 
  and yes , i know the german military is not strong , and i think that is what is wrong in europe . 
  they are the biggest economy and population in europe , and this leaves a big vacuum . 
  i know the german people are very pacifist , and there are legal constraints , but after unification , i think it is pretty obvious germany is a rational country that no one has to fear . 
  there is no need to marginalize them militarily anymore . 
  this would be the key to getting americans out of europe , and establishing an eu force . 
  but i understand what you are saying , that you want a nato presence , which is certainly sensible . 
  i thought these were in your constitutions , but had been amended recently . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  no one in the us is eager to fight russia . 
  eager to tell putin to stfu , but that is about it . 
  we are quite war weary . 
  would you accept a powerful german military to confront them ? 
  i do n't see how anyone messes with europe if germany/france/uk are strong . 
  and if so many countries still do not trust germany , there is not much hope for further eu integration . 
   you have to operate together on a regular basis to iron out the kinks as they emerge . 
  while that sounds nice in theory , the us military can barely work with anyone besides the uk and france due to antiquated equipment , etc. 
  it just does n't work . 
  i know , and trust me , i 'm no appeaser and get downvoted plenty here , but they were asking it in / r/europe . 
  not trying to be a dick . 
  oh wow , looked at his comments . 
  impressive . 
  come on , they are asking about europeans . 
  [ this ] ( http://cdn.gifbay.com/2012/11/the_real_ronaldo-10180.gif ), 
  is this the mentality of caring a lot about your family , but fuck everyone else ? 
  lack of entrepreneurial spirit i 've heard before , but lack of personal responsibility ? 
  i find that surprising . 
  maybe it is a stereotype , but germans are thought of as hardworking and caring a great deal about their job . 
  i wish the american people have a say , but it is far more likely we be asked to leave than we decide to leave . 
  we need to leave . 
  rehypothication in the house !, 
  this stinks to high heaven !, 
  come on , i 'm a lawyer and i knew . 
  ;-) you got ta keep up with the bullion banks , just for good fun . 
  actually , start with the bretton woods conference , and go from there . 
  yes , okiedokie321 personally dictates american foreign policy , and instructs all other americans to support it . 
  you might find this hard of believe , but most of the american people are sick of our foreign interventions . 
  the fact that we have troops in developed , first world european countries is beyond insane to me . 
  for the love of jeebus , kick us out, 
  i understand a lot of the selfishness , people never want to pay for other people , i get it . 
  but immigration and non-assimilation of immigrants is a huge issue which undermines people 's support for the eu . 
  so would n't strongly pro-eu countries ( france/germany for example ) want to prevent more illegal immigration ? 
  like i said , i get selfishness , but is n't it the interest of every single eu country to have secure borders ? 
  italy needs ships to help them out to sea , so we are n't talking putting german troops inside the country or anything . 
  if nations can not come together for territorial integrity , security , social cohesion and conservation of resources by putting a couple boats in the mediterranean to help , what can they come together for ? 
  from an outsider 's perspective , it 's mind boggling . 
  it would help everyone !, 
  yes , we totally brushed it off , because i think we are trying to convey to europe , that `` hey , you guys are all grown up now , have a political union , and rich western european nations should help protect those towards the east . '', 
  america has been saying this for years . 
  but we 've really gotten ourselves into so many messes , that it 's hard for us to continue with troops in europe , because europe is rich and stable . 
  and i 'm very sorry that poland has to pay the price for this . 
  the us is fond of the polish , there must be 1000 bridges here names after kosciusko . 
  we know you guys do not hate us , and are not condescending to us . 
  let 's say that russia continues to act up , and the western europeans get their act together and increase their military capabilities . 
  would the polish people accept german troops/tanks/bases on polish soil ? 
  or maybe joint bases to make it more palatable ? 
  most of my german news consumption comes from http://www.dw.de/ , but i know many people think bild is quite trashy . 
  but i see what you are saying it was just a brief message at halftime , you did n't see a full story on it . 
  do you think the statement will have any effect on anything ? 
  so what did they say at half time ? 
   we 've never been a rich country you were quite rich in the 1500s . 
  perhaps the royals can sell some land holdings . 
  yes , why is n't italy getting a lot of help from other eu nations ? 
  it is n't like they all just stay in italy . 
  we have amended the filibuster for nominees that need senate approval . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/filibuster_in_the_united_states_senate#use_of_.22nuclear_option.22_in_november_2013 a small step in the right direction . 
  i personally trust the people of the uk will not fall for their crap , and these people will never gain importance . 
  a lot of us want out of europe . 
  some older folks are stuck in the cold war or something , but after iraq , we need to stop meddling everywhere . 
  no need for us troops in europe so long after wwii . 
   i can imagine it being pretty hard for him to negotiate with usa now , although i would be surprised if they already knew what he thinks about them . 
  it wo n't affect anything here . 
   this could damage poland 's image abroad and does n't say absolutely anything troubling about sikorski . 
  it wo n't matter here in the us , but what about with germany ? 
  no one is discussing that . 
  i 've always been familiar with the bnp , never heard of britain first . 
  how much of an upswing has there been in the past few years ? 
  is this getting to worrying proportions yet ? 
  these people were polish , so how much of the far right are not native uk people ? 
  how much have things changed since the late 90s ? 
  when i lived in london then , i believe i heard about radical muslim preachers , but i did n't hear anything about hate crimes . 
  it seemed like nyc , a bunch of people from everywhere that were getting along for the most part .
