  poor guy . 
  i wonder how many russian casualties there were . 
  obama already met with the dalai lama , it is already our policy . 
  you are the ones who need to get on board . 
  all i hear about is how the eu is the largest economy in the world . 
  start acting like it . 
  there has been a huge shift since ukraine . 
  i was mostly joking , but there is butthurt to be found by a rabid minority . 
  you said `` major '' broadcaster , which basically means corporate . 
  i thought your point was quite clear , no need to apologize . 
  what if they put topless women in it ? 
  uk : the us of / r/europe us : the north korea of / r/europe, 
  they really should start a bbc newspaper . 
  i get almost all my international news from the bbc ( had a shortwave radio when i was 10 , yeah i 'm a loser ) . 
  we actually do have very good news available here , it is just that no one watches it . 
  i 'm talking about npr ( public radio ) and pbs ( public tv ) . 
  they are on par with the bbc , and even go into more depth with longer programs . 
  probably 2 % of americans watch/listen to these programs . 
  i get all my international news from bbc . 
  it is on par with pbs news , though in a shorter format , so they can not go as in depth . 
  thank you my brah . 
  i see you round these parts frequently , you are always a good sport . 
  you even tried to help explain that german guy who told me all american tv and movies are shit a few days ago . 
  yes , it would be supremely helpful to the us if the eurozone imploded and wrecked the world economy . 
   it 's also pretty ironic given how anti- `` socialist '' americans are ( or think they are ) . 
  i 'm not sure why tax money being sent around the country is in itself socialist . 
  i mean people complain about taxes and big government and all that . 
  the ironic part is all the `` conservative '' `` small government '' republican governed states are the biggest net recipients of federal funds . 
  ny and cali send tons of cash ( via the federal gov ) to mississippi , alabama , etc. 
  thing is , this really is n't on anyone 's radar . 
  taxes are taxes . 
  if you are talking about blatant pork barrel spenign ( bridge to nowhere etc. 
  ) , then i suppose people get upset about money being sent somewhere else . 
  as an nyc ` er , i get to pay for health benefits for all those morbidly obese diabetics in the south . 
  edit : unless you are saying redistribution of funds is `` socialist '' in the way that our most grossly uninformed citizens insist obama is socialist . 
  i 'm guessing canadians have no issues with romanians , unlike some from the uk . 
  now that i think of it , they were just posting their sales numbers on fb . 
  like `` i just closed 400k ! '', 
  seemed a bit crass to me . 
  nice people though . 
  mmmm rochefort . 
  thanks , i 'll just use a translator app . 
  and by dutch , did you mean flemish ? 
  seems odd the people who make some of the best beer on the planet would be so quiet !, 
  perhaps it is the trappist roots of said beers . 
  when i visit , i shall consume great quantities in silence . 
  why i oughta , ya sunofa bitch . 
  one of my close friends was bournemouthe , the other was from newcastle , both great guys , but different . 
  the southern fellow was quite polite , and mumbled at such a low volume , that i often had to ask him to repeat himself . 
  the geordie was quite loud and scottish sounding and was always ready for a fight ( but never really got in any ) . 
  as far as directness , my geordie friend and some other northerners i met were quite direct about money , which i found shocking . 
  many would discuss salaries , or how much their homes or car cost , etc. 
  i thought that was supposed to be a taboo in the uk . 
  anyhow , you are a largely bearable group of cunts . 
  or maybe a lot of you are just considerate . 
  source : lived in uk . 
   there was even a petition recently against an apartment block in ghent that wanted to house terminal cancer patients `` because they were too noisy '' . 
  have a source for that ? 
  uhoh , a german saying they do not have enough room ... ( sorry , could n't help it ), 
  your country and france are the middle ground . 
  it can be done . 
  i keep my little girl inside . 
  no killing birdies . 
  mother gets drunk and loses tortoise . 
  irish confirmed . 
  i like you . 
  move to america before the ruskies invade the baltics again . 
  just want to show my support for you . 
  you always have reasonable posts and comments , and ridiculous scumbags in this sub are always giving you a hard time with their racist shit . 
  they are pieces of garbage , and i 'm sorry you have to deal with them . 
  dogecoin is flawless . 
  while i think the reinheitsgebot is needlessly restrictive , it need not lead to uniformly yellow , pissy beer . 
  one of my favorite breweries , great lakes brewing co. https://www.greatlakesbrewing.com/home adheres to it ( with a very small number of exceptions ) , and makes outstanding beers . 
  https://www.greatlakesbrewing.com/beer/an-exceptional-family-of-beers/year-round https://www.greatlakesbrewing.com/beer/an-exceptional-family-of-beers/seasonal the edmund fitzgerald porter is beyond words . 
  best part ? 
  these beers are very reasonably priced . 
  their burning river pale is freaking amazing , and second only to maine beer co. 's peeper , which costs 5 times as much . 
  and yeah , a little back and forth is fun , butthurt is not so fun . 
  i hope to visit belgium in the not too distant future . 
  wwi history , and good brews . 
  what styles are your friends brewing ? 
  brewery ommegang is awesome , they had like 10 kinds of mustard . 
  it 's also in cooperstown , ny , which is a beautiful quaint town ( and home of the baseball hall of fame ) . 
  the brewery itself in in the countryside , with fields and hills . 
  the americans saying that , are not any better than the euros crying about hops . 
  if they could put it better , what these americans should be saying is that we try to develop every style here , and do n't just focus on one style . 
  germany is really the only country that has no variety . 
  look at chouffe , they make a belgian ipa , that is innovative . 
  our belgian styles are top notch . 
  i 'm not going to say were are at the level of rochefort , but we are getting closer . 
  there are certain dark belgian beers that have some kind of indescribable smoothness that i have not tasted in ours . 
  but we are getting closer . 
  obviously duvel has lent their expertise to ommegang ( their three philosophers quad is outstanding ) , and many other breweries have partnerships with belgian breweries . 
  allagash uses coolships , just like in belgium . 
  personally i would say belgium and the us are the best beer countries on the planet . 
  i love english styles as well , and have not had a fresh cask ale , so i suppose they might be up there too . 
  in regard to euro/americans talking trash in this sub , if you are talking beer , cars , or anything other topic which is not the specific domain of the sub , it gets real stupid , real fast . 
  edit : these guys in quebec make great belgian styles too http://www.unibroue.com/en/home, 
  i think you are correct on all these points . 
  i just do n't see a big nationwide scandal as with the horse thing in europe .
