  i think i misunderstood . 
  i thought you were talking about malicious comments by users , not fake srories . 
  my bad, 
  people from all over the world are mean on the internet , i do n't think it 's uniquely american . 
  forgiving the debt is the way to go . 
  that looks quite annoying to wear . 
  i expect he 'll cancel the whole trip . 
  i 'll remember that this summer when i 'm sweating my ass off in a suit . 
  bastards !, 
  it 's simple math . 
  either forgive debts , or kick greece out of the ez . 
  that was a joke , we have a quite varied genetic pool ... 
  honestly , i 'm not exactly sure what you are talking about . 
  yes , only american fb users will ever fall for fake news . 
  probably a genetic thing . 
  yes , only american fb users are bad . 
  lol . 
  tungsten . 
  mad blunted yo, 
  ya hairy canary !, 
  i second this !, 
  or any lambic really . 
  had an awesome plum lambic , quetsche tilquin . 
  we are n't nearly as bad as northern euros when it comes to these things . 
  weihenstaphener original premium is perfect on a hot day after a hike , who needs soda ? 
  same with berlinner weisse , such an amazing style , and in germany they add sweet syrup to it . 
  booo, 
  i 'm on board with this . 
  reminds me of when i went to az , and they had all these insane flavored bagels . 
  stop fukcing with the classics !, 
  well , the cia lady mentioned it , and you saw it , so i guess it must happen ... :-( freaks, 
   well , i am lazy ass who forgets to buy proper sauce all the time and then just drops fist thing around so pasta ai n't dry . 
  that 's what olive oil is for !!!!, 
  worst case scenario is butter . 
   what is wrong with ketchup on pasta seriously ? 
  do they not sell tomato sauce in slovakia ? 
  dude , do n't confuse us with scandis , we do n't put ketchup on pasta or pizza . 
  i was on vacation in chicago , and a swedish guy next to us poured a ton of ketchup on pizza . 
  my wife and i were gagging . 
  i 've never seen anyone put soda in wine beside the spanish putting fanta in it . 
  where was this freak from in the us ? 
   drink sprite with wine this is false . 
  do n't they do that in spain with fanta ? 
  aww , cute . 
  seemed to be a whole bunch of mexican places in dublin , not that i tried any of them . 
  brought spanish ex to eat mexican food ; there were many tears and coughing . 
  it was hilarious . 
  then you better import a lot of mexicans . 
  more germans to the us than any eu country ? 
  how can that be right . 
  i 'm not saying the statement is wrong , i 'm saying they will use it to create disunity . 
  i think trump wants to destroy the federal government , not socialist at all !, 
  i 'd be in line for her , ma man . 
  i missed that !, 
  i would argue that this whole thing is unfair whether germany wants it to be or not , it 's the structure of the thing . 
  bannon = cheney , does n't matter what trump wants !, 
  i think we are going to find out he they can bully the eu , but yes , easier to bully countries instead a huge block . 
   i seriously do n't understand why the us would make public statements like this . 
  trump and his goons actively dislike the eu , and perhaps europeans . 
  they want it to burn , just like they apparently want the federal government of the us to burn . 
  i would have agreed with you two weeks ago , but after seeing all the insanity he is doing here at home , i 'm really starting to think that all they are interested in is chaos . 
  destroy the federal government , destroy the eu , kill trade . 
  there has to be some kind of ulterior motive behind it . 
  not really a good example , since in our fiscal union there are automatic transfers from rich areas to poor . 
  also , the south has been stealing jobs with their no unions and low wages for a generation . 
  obama knew there were problems with the euro , but he did n't make a big thing out of it . 
  that 's the difference . 
  just because it 's true does n't mean it is n't propaganda . 
  because it keeps the country from civil war , and helped it form in the first place . 
  has its drawbacks though ... 
  this is part of the propaganda push to cause turmoil in the eu . 
  perhaps they are trying to rile up the southern countries , and just sow discord in general . 
  vw is very special . 
  as we know , most car companies around the world have engaged in shady crap , but no other company has gotten caught , and then continued to lie after being caught red handed . 
  total insanity . 
  good thing you have such great healthcare , lot of people being poisoned daily by particulates . 
  or they know as long as there are lots of passenger cars using diesel , there is going to be smog . 
  i would have thought that all the smog in paris/milan , etc. 
  would have led to some public backlash , but i guess not . 
  like how german debt was forgiven ? 
  exactly right . 
  as a jew , i laughed . 
  this man makes w look like winston churchill . 
  kill me . 
  he can only make orders authorized by legislation , or the constitution . 
  yes , the european open external border experience is going so well . 
  thx for the advice . 
  maybe if you did n't have such massive arms exports . 
  they 'll be at your side screaming `` pay debnts ! '', 
  they are the best servants , tremendous . 
  at least we own clarkson , may and hammond now . 
  do you have any idea how popular british shows are here ? 
  doubt that would be the case if we did n't get it . 
  twice . 
  hell , we are excited that we can go somewhere that everything is `` different , '' but it 's so close . 
  i always try to speak french , but in montreal , they just switch to english in a second because i don ; t speak french well . 
  anyway , this whole `` canadians behave better '' circlejerk is pretty annoying . 
  thought you might enjoy this exchange : https://www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/5pzn4o/2_high_on_life_canadians_given_jail_time_for/dcvwiy4/?context=3, 
  :-d thx dude !, 
  i thought it was an awesome article , but i knew the headline would cause people to overlook it .
