denmark always contributes more than its share , and always can be counted on . 
  that is all allies can ask of each other , you do n't have to beat the ruskies single handedly . 
  you could wreck ireland . 
  i 'm sure , but it 's an unfortunate phrase ... 
   german masterrace : - /, 
  mmmm, 
  you put tzatziki sauce ( yogurt and cucumber ) on gyros . 
  well , in the us and greece anyway . 
  i understand what you are saying , and i have no reason to disbelieve you . 
  however , the guy who said `` oy vey '' was american , and i 'm trying to convey to you that these yiddish terms have made their way into everyday american parlance . 
  for example , eminem uses the term in `` rap god . '', 
  so while what you are saying might be true for germany , it is not true for the us and i 'm guessing a lot of other places . 
  it would be like me getting pissed at brits for owning guns bc of the 2nd amendment . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  i 'm ethnically jewish , and think what you just wrote is ludicrous . 
  please read this article about how many `` jewish '' aka yiddish , words are used in english : http://blog.oxforddictionaries.com/2014/02/english-words-yiddish-origin/ has nothing to do with hate . 
  tons of yiddish words have worked their way into every day american english . 
  who knows , maybe it used to be like that in germany too . 
  your writing style , especially its tone , is persuasive and will do much to improve the plight of these children . 
  when grown up , i 'm sure they will thank you for your efforts . 
  the video is blocked , and while i 'm sure there are abuses , what is wrong with 14-17 year olds working on farms as long as they go to school ? 
  my first job at 14 was paring grape vines and picking grapes at harvest time on a vineyard . 
  i worked after school , on the weekends and during summer vacation . 
  what was wrong with that ? 
  it was nice to make some money , and taught me the value of hard work , and that i did not want to do manual labor my whole life . 
  after that job , i set up my own little landscaping business , was that wrong too ? 
  my first paid job ever was digging out horseshit from a barn at age 12 . 
  you did n't get screwed unless someone tricked you . 
  you assraped yourself . 
  sell the car , and get a cheap used one . 
  when i was 18 , my car was 15 y/o . 
  $ 550 would be the price for a luxury car . 
  like a bmw or cadillac . 
  i 'm 37 , and married , and bought a very well equipped new car , and do not pay $ 550 . 
  for an 18 y/o to do so is insane . 
  besides florida being full of bad drivers , the rest of this is wrong , or maybe correct for one state . 
  stick to what you know . 
  so you are on here complaining about costs and you bought yourself a 5 year old car ? 
  i did n't own a car under 10 years old until i was 27 . 
  and i was n't poor , i was responsible . 
  yeah , i see that now . 
  they also had an old twitter which announced that this was their new twitter , which i put in another comment . 
  glad to see i got downvoted for asking for a source though ... 
  i just found it hard to believe these guys were this undiplomatic . 
  but they are . 
  i was only responding to the gas in the water bit , which had been linked to fracking in the past . 
  also , i think the coal industry in the east will die a natural death . 
  i 've read the natural gas in the water thing was not necessarily related to fracking . 
  looks like you are correct : https://twitter.com/israelie, 
  root cause of the passenger jet being shot down at least . 
  not that i do n't believe you , but is there a source for that ? 
  why would n't they say it 's the official twitter ? 
  or are you saying it is basically the twitter of the ambassador that he set up on his own ? 
  whoever it is , i do n't think they are helping `` friendship between the state of israel and the republic of ireland . '', 
  and is n't the name of the country just ireland ? 
  this does n't look to be an official embassy account : a twitter feed dedicated to promoting diplomatic relations , economic growth and friendship between the state of israel and the republic of ireland . 
  not saying it is n't run by government employees or whatever , but it does n't appear to be the official account . 
  a good person would stand up against prejudice to anyone . 
  i 'm making no comment on this discussion , but i 've stood up for black people when i heard racists remarks , and i 'm not black . 
  am i stupid for doing that ? 
  let them fend for themselves ? 
   dan snyder dude is a total dbag . 
  i 've actually worked on a bunch of madoff matters . 
  freaking clowns . 
  such awful ownership . 
  that 's right , you are from philly , are n't you ? 
  one ca n't shill for the mets , no one would buy it . 
  you been stalking me brah ? 
  ok , but you said `` what are they going to do ? , '' and i answered . 
  i 'll also add this , as someone who has an advanced degree or serious interest in something , you should not reply to weak comments . 
  i 'm an attorney in nyc , the mischaracterizations of common law systems used to get me riled up , they were so ridiculously off base . 
  but i learned quickly there was no point in going into a long and sourced debate in response to `` dae think precedential law systems are literally hitler ? '', 
  only reply to those worthy of replies , and i guarantee that your shill accusation rate will go down by 80 % . 
  it 's not rape if they are dead . 
  he said yo !!, 
  american shill confirmed !, 
  it 's just that you are willing to engage nutty redditors who are the most likely to play the shill card . 
  boom shackalacka !, 
  have you ever spent hours making an intelligent social commentary only for some illuminati shill or troll to downvote it ? 
  i have , and it is proof that 78 % of reddit accounts are paid shills . 
  they state that they will ban such folks . 
  ahh . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  maybe i read the map wrong , but it looked to me like they were colored red . 
  i love bosnians too , i 'm friends with a whole group who came here as refugees from srebrenica . 
  i 've also traveled all over croatia too . 
  good peeps . 
  he was talking about europe though , it 's ok . look , i used to be guilty of this myself , but we have too many canadians and americans expressing views on places other than europe . 
  even in nyc , 30 % is pretty much unheard of . 
  25 % would be exceedingly rare . 
  i usually tip 20 % . 
  why do you hate bosnia ? 
  you know we are in / r/europe , right ? 
  no one cares what a canadian thinks of brazil here . 
  ireland is only ok ? 
  ouch . 
  do n't be mean to poor eesti . 
  the president bet on albania , and they were n't looking good , so he sent in that drone . 
  i 've never seen this , and think it 's awesome . 
  upvote from me .
