  i 'm pretty damn shocked this happened in london . 
  should i be ? 
  you are totally missing the point . 
  i said he should be very proud his country is ranked at the top , that would not be gloating . 
  the gloating is `` look at how much better we are than our neighbor . '', 
  you also contradict yourself by framing american gloating a bad thing , but say it is good for canada to do so . 
  is that the `` everyone else is doing it '' defense ? 
  not very persuasive . 
  personally , i cringe when i see boastful american post , just as i do when i see it from other places . 
  oh god , that freak in california ? 
  i honestly ca n't watch any of the insane mass shooting shit , because i think the coverage just perpetuates it . 
  these people want to be famous , and our media makes them famous . 
  the same guns have been around since forever , but ever since people realized they could get attention , it has been happened more and more and more . 
  thanks though . 
  supreme gentleman here . 
  just curious , what is a supreme gentleman ? 
  apparently you wish to emulate us , that is flattering . 
  otherwise i 'm not sure why you want to engage in a behavior that you find distasteful . 
  tell me , are you one of those insufferable canadians that literally defines themselves as being not american ? 
  personally , i think it 's a very tiny minority who is like this , and i 've never met such a person irl . 
  but maybe you should get your own identity . 
  edit : fuck it , this was a rude reply . 
  still , gloating sucks . 
  why would you be proud of being better than your neighbor ? 
  mexico is lower in the rankings than the us , but i 'm not going to gloat about it . 
  why ca n't you just be proud that your country is at the top ? 
  but it wo n't be as much fun without being able see how many ridiculous comments get upvoted . 
  like how i am going to know how many people hate gypsies now ? 
  i like it . 
  we are the scourge of the earth . 
  seriously ? 
  is it 1914 ? 
  it 's relevant because you most likely support secularism , and your country is officially secular . 
  many thanks . 
  when i lived in london , i got a tour of the royal court of high justice ( this was ' 98 ) by the sergeant at arms , it was very cool . 
  i believe that was the highest court , but then you had the house of lords above it . 
  now you have a supreme court ; does the house of lords have any judicial role any more ? 
   forming a formal declaration of rights would be a symbolic gesture , just as it was when the us did it . 
  the informal nature of the british constitution does n't decrease it 's potency . 
  the bill of rights is not a symbolic gesture , it is a living document with untold volumes of jurisprudence and study . 
  unless i 'm misunderstanding you , but as an attorney , that is a truly ridiculous statement to read . 
  do you think the first amendment is just a gesture , with no force of law ? 
  our policies on free speech will answer that question . 
  again , your gay marriage example is not exactly fitting . 
  in some states in the us , not allowing gays to marry was found to be unconstitutional , their right to marry was put in place with no legislative act . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  i think it was a good thing that gay people were found to have the same rights as anyone else , and even if every single person in the electorate hates gay people , they can not deprive gay people of their rights . 
  i should also mention that in many states , such as mine ( ny ) , the legislature did pass gay marriage . 
  in maine it was passed by referendum . 
  so i am really not sure what you are trying to get at with the gay marriage bit . 
  i do note that ni will not be allowing gay marriage , is that not a big deal ? 
  apparently they care about it . 
  it is completely possible that i 've misunderstood you , but i 'm just not sure what you mean . 
  how could you say gay people were not being denied rights if they were not allowed to marry ? 
  so the most simple answer is tradition ? 
  if it is n't broke , do n't fix it ? 
  reasonable enough . 
  i know you are a lawyer , i 'm curious if the judiciary may `` overrule '' any law in any manner . 
  or would it be presumably valid , because it lawfully passed by parliament ? 
  yeah i know they changes the hours , but most of my friends , and even / r/london said most places still close at 11 . 
  how about where you are ? 
  and the $ 5 is just for non-generic medicine . 
  so my wife 's birth control is free , antibiotics are free , i had to get a muscles relaxer for my back $ 1.23 for 3 month supply . 
  all this being said , i still wish we had a single payer plan here , because too many people are paying too much or are being left out . 
  though i do note that canadians ( at least the ones i 've met ) have a much dimmer view of their system than brits do of the nhs . 
  so i 'd rather copy you guys . 
  anyway , cheers to civilized discussion . 
  i would have to look at my paycheck , but i do not believe i pay anything towards it . 
  unfortunately , i do pay towards my pension , had i started 3 weeks earlier , i would not have . 
  but if it means there will be a pension there when i retire , i guess it 's worth it . 
  honestly , i just do n't see how $ 20 or # 10 can suck so much or be a bad deal . 
  here , the doctor is going to see you no matter what . 
  and if your doc refuses , you call another one . 
  i have a decent but of health issues for someone in their late 30s , so i go much more than average . 
  so my $ 20 is a small way to chip in . 
  if you are poor , you do not pay this . 
  i am not poor . 
  and if you think you are getting everything for `` free , '' i 'm sure you are paying just a tiny bit more in taxes to cover the last $ 20 . 
  and you are paying that whether you go to the doc or not . 
  i have absolutely amazing , world class doctors , i 'm not going to complain . 
  my mother is on the same plan , and has advanced , end stage hep c ; these doctors have worked miracles for her . 
  it 's worth 20 . 
  but besides my anecdotes , look at the studies which show how visits go down when there is a nominal fee . 
  i believe many western european countries do the same . 
  but i tell you what , it is largely cultural too . 
  i lived in the uk , and on my first grocery shopping trip , i was flabbergasted that i was asked to pay for plastic bags . 
  seemed barbaric to me . 
  and god , after living in ny , where bars are open until 4am , when i found out pubs close at 11pm , i almost left . 
  these thing seem normal to you , but to me they were appalling . 
  as the $ 20 means nothing to me , but you think it sucks . 
  the governmental flexibility part i get . 
  i 'm an attorney who practices in securities litigation in ny . 
  as you can imagine , we get many matters governed by english law . 
  our laws are so similar ( well in commercial law anyway ) , that it 's not difficult for me to understand . 
  i did notice you guys change the bodies that enforce regulations all the time . 
  so there are all these explanations of who regulated what and when . 
  it seems to work just fine . 
  however , you electorate wanting weak rights ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that , it just seems counter to western thought . 
  of course there is the whole bit of positive rights and negative rights , but most people want rights .
