  just curious , i have no dog in this fight . 
  and i did n't try to justify it , did i ? 
  you could always do neither . 
  i 'm just saying they are n't angels , no one is . 
  they did n't even have a choice , the soviets created tgat environment . 
  germany was divided and defeated , besides economically , it was n't a big force when it came to international affairs for most of the post war period . 
  we 'll take the scotch , you can keep the haggis . 
  i 'm guessing the ones who actually did just escape war are plenty happy . 
  schauble is not amused . 
  the wire , one of the best shows ever . 
  features idris elba . 
  `` trouble '' means getting made fun of in the press i assume ? 
  what does it matter when you pay for it ? 
  you pay for it , it is n't free . 
  i pay $ 40 for any surgery and follow up care , and contribute a little bit from my paycheck . 
  i have no wait and a much higher standard of care ( i 've lived in the uk ) . 
  in new york 5 % of people are not covered , and even that will be gone soon . 
  so getting bankrupted is quite rare . 
  as for states down south where they opted out of a lot of obamacare , yeah , that is ridiculous . 
  but they vote for the people that do that , so i really do n't know what can be done about it right now . 
  things have changed since 2009 . 
  on the other hand , i do see your point . 
  there are probably a lot more knee and back injuries over there from all the kowtowing , grovelling and supplication to an inbred family that is literally above you in law . 
  quaint , is n't it . 
  these passats are made in tennessee . 
  i do n't think they are sold in germany . 
  you might have heard of the stasi . 
  i believe that was after 1945 . 
  i did n't realize that you did n't pay taxes for it . 
  does your queen pay for it ? 
  my car is compliant with 1971 regulations , and since it get driven 500-1000 miles a year , it 's hardly a concern . 
  vw built a system to cheat , while marketing their cars as environmentally friendly . 
  when they got caught , they lied again . 
  they also just got busted for lying about co2 emissions in the european market . 
  the issue is the blatant lying and cheating , not just the emissions themselves . 
  and you need a sense of humor . 
  filthy commoner . 
  come on , it 's a funny commercial . 
  obviously no one would ever compare those 2 cars they are totally different . 
  but as someone who owns a '71 buick with a 7.5 liter race modified engine , you can get to the speed limit very quickly , the hard part is the self-control to let off the gas once you hit it . 
  ridiculously fun . 
  and that 's why i 've gotten a lot of tickets . 
  i do think what vw did was despicable , but i guess if you can take advantage of it , ok . 
  he got told off ??? 
  i think michelle obama got beat up in the press for touching her . 
  i thought she wears gloves at all times so that no one touches her . 
  are you sayings it 's ok for a uk commoner to touch her ? 
  a gold platter actually . 
  we wrapped the whole thing up in the gold room at bretton woods . 
  i 'm shocked !!, 
  shocked and appalled !!!, 
  vw did nothing wrong !, 
  roosevelt was itching to get involved , but was constrained by congress . 
  we did let the uk get run down a bit to ensure that we would be number 1 after the war . 
  i do n't know anything about common core , but for science we use metric . 
  no need to use it for anything else . 
  roosevelt wanted the uk to lose its empire , not suffer defeat by the germans . 
  would be a lot easier for nz to be done with the monarchy . 
  you in favor of that ? 
  have an upvote my republican bro . 
  you need some freedom bro . 
  no , i missed that . 
  thx, 
  yeah , i would not want it on my face . 
  my friend very rarely gets it now . 
  it is very common . 
  it 's a miracle i do n't have it and did n't get anything serious after being single in nyc for so long . 
  now i 'm married , it 's not such an issue . 
  hpv is even more common , and can cause cervical cancer . 
  they have that vaccine now at least . 
  most of the time yeah , but some people get it very badly . 
  my friend had the oral version and he always had visible sores . 
  i assume the same would be for him if he had genital herpes . 
  it 's not aids or anything , but most people would try to avoid it . 
  yes , but herpes never goes away . 
  makes it a bit more serious . 
  if they live in a low cost place , they should be able to save it , put it in their retirement account . 
  of course , people spend it on all kinds of crap and travel . 
  if you live somewhere expensive , you wo n't have much to save . 
  it literally has nothing to do with religion . 
  herpes sounds like it is very unpleasant , and if one does not have it , you do not want to get it . 
  and if you have it , you really do need to tell a person you are about to have sex with for the first time , and that could be a not fun conversation . 
   `` the new privy counsellor or minister will extend his or her right hand , palm upwards , and , taking the queen 's hand lightly , will kiss it with no more than a touch of the lips . '' vomit, 
  sure . 
  was just trying to give some background on why you see it so much . 
  british gallon is different . 
  there is a huge social stigma to herpes . 
  is there not over there ? 
  most accurate list on here . 
  bruh , when i come home everyday my cat runs to see me . 
  she will come over when i call her , she gives me head bonks all the time . 
  she is just like a dog and is my bff !!!, 
  that is worse than religious nuttery . 
  uh , yeah , that is not normal at all . 
  i 'm 38 and still have my friends from kindergarten , as well as college . 
  someone might not want to go around telling everyone their dad raped them when they were 5 , or something like that . 
  wow , that is out there !, 
  i guess people think we are too optimistic , but trust me , people complain a lot . 
  that 's fine . 
  huh ?
