  i walked around those brutaliat commie blocks in zagreb . 
  i 'd never seen anything like that before . 
  ha , i thought i was talking about / u/jeleven , who said he was from western europe . 
  regardless of where he is from , he is wrong . 
  he would have won without dnc meddling . 
  hillary 's stooges elected trump by screwing bernie . 
  i agree , no need to segregate morons by nationality . 
  he 's european . 
  honestly , yes , i do recall you being a difficult/purposefully obtuse for the purpose of starting arguments , which is why i responded rudely the first time . 
  now let 's go through this thread real quick . 
  the original comment i replied to said :  the usa is the largest producer of natural gas in the world and in the past ~ 10 years the industry has been gearing towards more international trade since the ng prices fell . 
  it just looks very disingenuous when one of the main competitors proposes drastic sanctions on russian gas ( an industry the usa unlike germany is not dependent at all ) . 
  then i said :  it 's not disingenuous at all , increasing lng exports is specifically spelled out in the legislation . 
  i was explaining there that it can not be disingenuous with regard to gas sales because the legislation specifically said that the purpose of the sanctions was not only to punish russia , but to promote our gas . 
  it 's right there , we are n't hiding anything , it 's not an ulterior motive . 
  so then another redditor said :  and now you know why your last sanctions on russia is just to support your fracking industry and sell lng . 
  and i replied :  no , that not the only reason , but it is a stated reason . 
  we are n't trying to be duplicitous on this issue . 
  so the only issue under discussion is whether or not the us is being duplicitous , as everyone agrees that the us wants to increase lng exports to europe . 
  my position is that we are not duplicitous , because the plain language of the legislation states that it aims increase our lng exports . 
  so then you comment :  and you know that because you work in the white house ? 
  stop acting like you are an american government official . 
  i mean that is completely out of left field , and why i thought there must be a reading comprehension problem . 
  no , i do n't work in the white house , but i am capable of reading that the legislation explicitly states that an aim of the sanctions , it 's not a secret cia plot . 
  i have n't even stated an opinion on it , not sure why you were triggered . 
  so really , i do n't know what to tell you if you have read everything and understand it . 
  as far as your private message , i 'm sorry , that 's just creepy and cowardly , and no one has ever done that to me in 5 + years of redditing . 
  you have something to tell me , you can say it here in front of everyone . 
  you say i am a know it all ? 
  i looked at your comments , you are not one to talk . 
  the difference between you and me is that i am aware that a forum full of people arguing over policy is going to be full of `` know it alls '' and i can admit i am one of them . 
  as for you , i do n't think self awareness is your strong suit , and scolding people in private is really not cool , i 'd take that one out of your repertoire . 
  i 've already been told by them :-(, 
  lol , yes . 
  ok , you 're right . 
  tbf , the dutchies probably get the `` good '' brits , not the retirees and pukey/fighty people . 
  were they more from latin america than spain ? 
  i 'll admit i was in a bad mood , and if english is not your native language , then i 'm sorry . 
  in american english using `` we '' when talking about our government does not mean you are a including yourself as member of the government , just that you are american . 
  an easier example would be if asked me `` you are a yankees fan , right ? 
  how are they going to do this year ? '', 
  and i would reply `` we 're looking pretty good , though we could use some more starting pitching . '', 
  saying `` we '' just means i 'm a fan of the team , it does n't mean i 'm a member of the team . 
  so when i say `` we '' with regard to the government , i 'm saying its my government ( whether i like it or not ) , not that i am an official in the government . 
  as the owner of a 7.5 l classic buick with around 500 ft/lbs of torque , i am familiar with torque , and a big fan . 
  firstly , i 'd never advocate for anything but diesel in heavy trucking and construction machines , i should have made clear that i 'm only talking about passenger cars . 
  i 'd disagree about ever dropping any petrol vehicles here , there is simply no need for it at this point . 
  even if there was a 30 % reduction in total greenhouse gasses from passenger vehicles , it would not be worth it , not even close for me . 
  it 's evident that we 'll be going to new technology in the next decade or two , it 's not worth harming urban dwelling people at all . 
  the situation in europe is complicated , and with diesel so entrenched , i do n't think there will be any change until ice is done . 
  as for small cars with diesel , i rented a tiny diesel renault in ireland for 12 days , and while i did love the massive driving range , the acceleration was terrible . 
  yeah , it 's like going to the un and asking for the guy in a suit . 
  i can tell you are not very good at reading comprehension , or how the american government works , so i 'll enlighten you . 
  first of all , trump hates this bill , we do n't even know if he will sign , so the white house is not the place to speak about it . 
  secondly , the bill explicitly states that it aims to increase lng exports to europe , so it 's not possible to be duplicitous unless we really do n't plan to sell gas , which makes no sense . 
  i 'm not dumb enough to say that africans are n't going to have many more diseases than europeans . 
  but the front page of that paper is ridiculous , with the lightening and dead body . 
  if someone wants to write about public health dangers of migrants in a serious article , that 's fine with me . 
  i really want to know why there seems to be no social outrage about how this is injuring human health . 
  am i just missing it in the english language media ? 
  seems to me that euros are 1000x more pissed about search engines than people dying of lung disease , and elderly and infants suffering the most . 
  i do n't know , i can admit that i 'm biased on this , but it makes people look so hypocritical to me . 
  exactly !, 
  they literally say `` male aged in his mid 30 's , 6 feet tall , 180 pounds , wearing a hooded sweatshirt . '', 
  it 's useless . 
  it 's a running gag over at / r/nyc , which is hardly some right wing sub . 
  yes , you are factually correct , but if you look at the various threads in / r/unitedkingdom , / r/europe and wherever else , there was a lot of '' ` murica keep your poison out !! '', 
  people in europe want healthy food , that 's great . 
  what i ca n't understand is why there is n't outrage about breathing [ horribly polluted air ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/12/science/who-says-europe-trails-us-in-reducing-air-pollution.html ) . 
  and we are talking direct harm to human health , 1200 deaths in europe from vw cheating alone . 
  look at what happened in paris and milan with the smog last winter . 
  i 've already beat this subject to death with another kind dutchy this morning , but really , i do n't get it . 
  people who love talking about health all the time , healthy food , universal healthcare , climate change , nukes = bad , but not a word about diesel which is killing people right now . 
  what am i missing ? 
  now i know a lot of that has to do with no central eu enforcement body , but i do n't understand how national legislation did n't include penalties . 
  it 's like giving speeding tickets with no fine . 
  new york city, 
  there do n't appear to be any penalties for cheating on emissions . 
  but particulates are even more dangerous than chlorinated chicken , which people are willing to pay more to avoid . 
  i 'm sure they would gladly pay more for fuel if it results in less pollution . 
  in nyc media , a suspect 's race is never mentioned . 
  it was almost shocking to see it in this article . 
  i never heard it in my life until trump . 
   but diesel is subsidized , so everybody who makes a lot of miles wants a diesel , because you pay less taxes on fuel . 
  there is the whole problem . 
  time to repeal that , no ? 
   also interesting is that euro6 diesel engines in cars emit 250 % as much nitrogenoxide as a cargo truck . 
  wow !, 
  do the trucks have huge urea tanks or something ? 
  passenger cars have very different standards than heavy duty/construction vehicles . 
  i know in the us we had a scandal awhile back on that , but i have no clue if there is anything going on with that in europe . 
  no , that not the only reason , but it is a stated reason . 
  we are n't trying to be duplicitous on this issue . 
  i believe i saw that opel ( formerly ? ), 
  owned by gm failed . 
  did ford fail ? 
  that is true for us standards , but i believe after vw got found out , labs tested other euro spec cars , and they basically all failed . 
  but yes , germany is the center , it 's the german gov who pushed this whole insane pivot to diesel . 
  he just did . 
  it 's not disingenuous at all , increasing lng exports is specifically spelled out in the legislation .
