  canada is a permanent friend . 
  france has always been willing to stand up to the us . 
  from leaving nato to not joining in iraq ... 
  10th mountain division in ft. 
  drum , watertown , ny . 
  those mofos can winter . 
  i would think this is one topic that everyone could agree on , no ? 
  even ireland would be on board going forward i think . 
  it keeps happening , in the future there should be penalties to the state who engages in it . 
  it would be beneficial to the eu . 
  economic competitors can be allies and trade partners . 
  you think any country on earth could have beat the soviets and nazis at the same time ? 
  i 've been saying this all week . 
  at a minimum , there needs to be penalties enacted against states for future illegal state aid . 
  what disincentive is there otherwise ? 
  `` oh , we were wrong , guess we 'll just have to accept this 13b . '', 
  every country does that , we are just much better at it than most of europe . 
  why do n't you read up on french industrial espionage , they have put us to shame when it comes to stealing information from private industry . 
  uh , that 's not how it works in the uk . 
  these oppressed hippies need to claim asylum in colorado . 
  i 'm sorry we are n't as selfless as your unionmates . 
  i 'm typing this from an 18 baud telegraph , please send help . 
  i 'm not boasting , i 'm saying this myth about no internet outside of the coasts is ridiculous . 
  i agree that hitler 's motivations were worse , i was just talking about body count . 
  they are both horrible monsters . 
  only the most remote places are going to have dialup , like northern maine or alaska . 
  even in these places , fast satellite internet is available . 
  obviously it should be in estonia . 
  dammit mao, 
  that 's the one thing we do n't really sue about . 
  i 'll look into facta later as far as public knowledge , 60 minutes did a big story on money sitting outside the country , and with regard to ireland and tech companies going offshore . 
  there was also a big hubbub when pfizer attempted to go irish . 
  people are aware of it . 
  you are aware that you have much , much more generous libel/slander laws than us , right ? 
  and slander is spoken , not written . 
  apple is certainly trying to spin it that way , but it 's still true that everyone has been talking about how these companies pay no us tax for a long time , but nothing is done . 
  apple has said too bad , we are n't paying taxes , and nothing has changed . 
  is n't he starting his own party ? 
  that law pretty much rules him out though , does n't it . 
  i know , i 've met a bunch of them over here who are great people . 
  one family had police show up and remove them , another family had to go apply for extensions to stay on a weekly basis . 
  i was shocked to learn this , since they were all survivors of srebernica . 
  i assumed they would have been granted german citizenship as refugees and survivors of genocide . 
  if you count russians killed by starvation , gulag , etc. , did n't stalin kill more people ? 
  what about macron ? 
  many bosnians were granted citizenship in the us/canada/australia , they did n't all go back . 
   so much ~ ~ room ~ ~ * lebensbraum * for activities !, 
  but there were safe places to send bosnians to , and us/australia/canada took a lot of them after germany told them to leave . 
  apple market cap is over twice the gdp of ireland , so you can see how that relationship works . 
  this is a case where the value of the eu shows itself , it 's a lot harder to push around 26 countries than 1 small country . 
   ultramegagianazi this frightens me . 
  those are very different topics . 
  i think one of the reasons the us single market has done so well is because of uniform regulation . 
  i think the eu single market would greatly benefit from that type of harmonization . 
  ceos always criticize judicial decisions here , though usually with more tact . 
  another redditor explained that this commission has no power to penalize , so i guess it 's a moot issue . 
  you are a french law student , right ? 
  his comment has no substance , its an empty platitude . 
  in this case , i guess so . 
  it literally makes no sense . 
  do you think this case will lead to countries accepting more eu governance and enforcement ? 
  the eu looks like the good guy here . 
  it 's only 35 % before deductions , there are companies paying nothing . 
  but yes , 35 % is high . 
  makes a lot of sense , thank you . 
  i do think that their should be laws passed saying that any public entity which provides illegal aid should be punished . 
  otherwise what 's the disincentive for giving the aid ? 
  i 'm very sympathetic to that point , and i agree that regular irish people did n't do anything wrong , but the irish gov did . 
  just like the greek people have suffered from the acts of their gov ( with a lot of their own tax evasion as well ) . 
  perhaps a better way of handling it would be to pass an eu law saying that in the future , countries will be penalized for this . 
  that is true , but they kept all the benefits of the shitty and illegal deal , that is n't right . 
  they do n't care what region they are in . 
  the american public has been pissed at these tech companies for keeping hundreds of billions of dollars offshore to avoid taxes , they do n't care . 
  the pr is for shareholders . 
  that might be true if it were a small company , but the market cap of apple is $ 572b , almost twice the irish gdp in 2013 . 
  they can throw their weight around a bit . 
  they have been doing the same thing about us taxes for decades now , not that they have gotten their way . 
  basically he is just telling shareholders that they are going to fight this with everything they have . 
  that 's it . 
  they are n't trying to win over the general public . 
  so that other governments do not repeat this . 
   why does apple get to decide that us corporation tax is too high for their liking ? 
  surely if they 're based there then they should legally pay the tax regardless of what it is ? 
  all they have to do is keep the money abroad , and it wo n't be taxed . 
  it 's a big problem . 
  this ruling might force action on it at least . 
  in the scenario above , do n't you think that ireland is a culpable party too ? 
  should n't the eu penalize them with a fine , or have that money given to greek debt relief or social programs ? 
  seems pretty shitty to me that ireland will be rewarded with 13b for engaging in this shady deal . 
  if the eu penalized nations for engaging in such activity , it would n't happen again . 
  the ceo is doing public relations for investors , nothing to do with the actual appeal . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  i thought we were ruled by corporate oligarchs who ignore the public . 
  the nyc area breakfast sandwich is one of the greatest culinary achievements in human history . 
  you really would be rich if you opened a place up . 
  yeah , i spoke to you about jerz , i remember . 
  i 'm old l , and have never gotten addicted to tobacco . 
  just curious about snus . 
  were you the fella who studied in nj ? 
  you think german leftists are only slightly condescending ?
