  in the eu , vw also lied and lied more and since diesel is so popular in europe , they harmed many , many people . 
  look how many cities had smog emergencies this winter . 
  and now they are n't being punished , and the eu rolled back the already very weak emissions standards . 
  it 's shameful . 
  as for gitmo , there is no defense for it . 
  i understand , but canada is able to `` freeload '' off of us due to being our neighbor . 
  it 's very much like ireland and the uk . 
  a much smaller nation , which a much smaller gdp that knows it 's territorial integrity is important to its larger neighbor . 
  and since canada does n't have much aspirations to project power , it can survive low military expenditure . 
  that being said , canada needs to meet the 2 % threshold . 
  tbf to this sub , not everyone needs to follow us election news . 
  it is a long held view , but i think he is pushing hillary towards less interventionism . 
  it 's a major sticking point between them . 
  the pacific has long been a focus , but now china is really escalating things , so we are being forced to choose . 
  from what i see on / r/canada you guys seem to think you have neglected your military , but whatever , best neighbors ever . 
  well , i 'm not going to say that has nothing to do with it , but that 's pretty far down the list . 
  at least share in my mild amusement that pacifist germany , and neutral sweden ( which has opted out of the eu defense clause ) are majors drivers of deaths around the world while smugly looking down everyone else . 
  typically myopic comment . 
  obama is addressing nato countries , who have standing treaty obligations that they are not meeting . 
  france is not one of the countries he is addressing , nor the uk , nor greece . 
  but i get it , in much of europe , things like defense treaties , auto emissions limits and budget rules are more suggestions than requirements . 
  way to miss the point . 
  we do n't expect you ( nor want you ) to have anything to do in the pacific , obama is just telling you that 's where we are going . 
  the oil wars are over , we are getting ready to focus on the pacific . 
  obama is saying take your own defense seriously , because we wo n't be taking your defense seriously for much longer . 
  he is at odds with the pentagon 's wishes to beef up defense against russia . 
  germany and sweden have the largest military sectors as percentage of gdp . 
  either your are horrible at math , a swedish green party member , or both . 
  very informative , thanks . 
  jews were murdered by the millions in europe and fled to what is now israel . 
  it was n't like they just decided all move there one day . 
  the whole zionist project was moving quite slowly before that . 
  what were they supposed to do ? 
  also , the un offered the jews and palestinians their own states . 
  the jews said yes , the palestinians said no and declared war . 
  and they have been losing ever since then . 
  true , but i meant in the international community at large . 
  where are the calls for our dissolution ? 
  our country , canada , nz , australia were all founded on other 's land too , yet it rarely gets mentioned . 
  why ? 
  all jewish americans are dual citizens ? 
  officially the stupidest thing i 've read on reddit , congratulations . 
  because in the us and canada , it 's ok , and generally viewed as positive to love your country . 
  it 's civic nationalism . 
  if immigrants go to a country where any form of nationalism is looked down on , why would they develop an attachment ? 
  did it . 
  good luck !, 
  please understand , the danes are not the problem . 
  there are right wing nationalists and islamists acting up in the eu . 
  i 've lived in the uk and traveled all over the continent . 
  i heard more jew comments in this month 's than the rest of my life . 
  the funny thing is n9 one knew i was jewish , that 'd just how people talk . 
  jews go to israel which is even more dangerous . 
  being somewhere you are welcome and considered an equal member of society is more important than anything else . 
  denmark has been amazing to the jews , the danes saved them all . 
  it 's the new arrivals making the problems , like the attack not so long ago . 
  fuck that . 
  my family left 130 years ago , smartest move ever . 
  australia alone , no . 
  australia investing in defense along with their partners the uk , us and japan ? 
  yes . 
  it sends a signal . 
  have you been paying attention to what china is doing in the scs ? 
  taking defense seriously is a deterrent . 
  but debt baaaaad !!, 
  ah , so are things as bad in the army as the press makes out ? 
  it 's better than nothing though . 
  or you could just live up to the 2 % spending as required by nato . 
  german government is always telling greece about living up to obligations , and greece does make the 2 % . 
  welp , that makes sense . 
   as long as ee takes huge handouts every year , but is perfectly comfortable letting greece and italy handle all the refugees they do n't get to talk solidarity . 
  if i were an we nation , i 'd figure out a way to offset those handouts with increased military expenditure . 
   i think we need to keep the military 's primary purpose in mind - keeping us safe - and not tunnel-vision on the 2 % of gdp thing . 
  the 2 % bit is there exactly to guarantee a functional military . 
  they did crimea and ukraine , buzz us aircraft carriers and do all other kinds of provocative actions . 
  but even if they are not a legit threat , much of ee sees them as one , and it would significantly strengthen solidarity if they felt we took their concerns seriously . 
  besides that , every country in nato is supposed to have a functioning military , so you are obligated by treaty to do so . 
  do n't like it ? 
  drop out of nato . 
  why did you leave canada ? 
  jews of europe , get the eff out . 
  ok , so we 'll ignore ukraine , crimea and mh-17 . 
  if increased concern for ee defense by we increases prospects for the eu , it 's still worth it . 
  a marginal increase in dept. 
  to promote solidarity and the survival of the the eu is worth it if ou ask me . 
  we took an amazing catamaran . 
  and it was quite expensive . 
  i do n't think there are slow/cheap ferries . 
  i loved croatia , had a great time . 
  do n't you have a trade and budget surplus ? 
  germany is paying close to nothing on it 's bonds , it would be stupid to pay them off for no reason . 
  nations are not households , it 's ok to keep rolling debt over when it 's basically free money . 
  go to split !!!, 
  tale the ferry from ancona . 
  zagreb is a perfectly nice city and all , but i found split/hvar to be amazing . 
  i 'm sure dubrovnik is great too , but it 's supposed to be super crowded . 
  there is certainly pressure from the us for you to have a competent military . 
  and i agree , most of europe does not have an imminent/bordering threat , but many ee nations do . 
  and as we see on this sub , they are quite upset about we apathy towards them . 
  it would be great for eu solidarity in this time of multiple crises to reassure ee .
