  things in germany stayed quite shitty for the bosnians who made it there as refugees . 
  i know people who had to go every week to the police station to `` check in '' and see if they were allowed to stay after bosnia was deemed `` safe '' to return to . 
  then one night the police knocked on their door , and they got deported . 
  many of those people are now us citizens , and they are some of the best people i 've ever met . 
  their parents busted their asses working menial jobs , and their kids have become very successful . 
  one girl i know , her mother has been cleaning office buildings in chicago since early 2000 . 
  last year that girl graduated college , and now works for a large bank in the building where her mother is a cleaner . 
  with europe still unable to react to major crises , i 'm not sure that things would go any differently today . 
  and i need to go to ksa for pork recipes . 
  fuck that guy . 
   22 years ago people were slaughtered in europe and nobody did shit for 3 fucking years . 
  and only 40 years after wwii . 
  `` never again '' my ass . 
  is there any friction with ukrainian refugees over this ? 
  some of the dutch soldiers assisted in separating people , etc. 
  you think they would have been killed if they said no ? 
  i do n't think anyone expected them to go full rambo and attack the serbs , but i 'm not sure they had to help out . 
  right , every country has shitty corporations , therefore none of us can bring it up , and we can just let the corps do whatever they want . 
  this sub cracks me up sometimes . 
  during wwii croatian fascists ( usta\u0161e ) killed serbs with knives by the thousands in concentration camps . 
  they even developed a special knife called `` srbosjek '' ( `` serb-cutter '' ) to get the killing done quicker . 
  lets not only pick on the serbs for brutality , during wwii croatian fascists ( usta\u0161e ) killed serbs with knives by the thousands in concentration camps . 
  they even developed a special knife called `` srbosjek '' ( `` serb-cutter '' ) to get the killing done quicker . 
  balkans have had some fucked up shit go down . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i missed the part where i said america does n't have any scandals . 
  though i am glad we made bribing foreign officials illegal 25 years before europe did . 
  bae is european : http://www.nytimes.com/2010/02/06/business/global/06bribe.html and despite being a pacifistic nation , germany has quite the arms induistry : http://www.dw.com/en/german-arms-sales-drop-to-second-highest-levels-on-record/a-37243336 . 
  sweden does too . 
  so i am sure you criticize them about that . 
  as for selling high risk loans , the crime was that they got bailed out . 
  everyone knew those loans were shit , and the same banks that issued them are the ones suing other banks for selling them the same exact shit . 
  most of the stuff us companies get busted for in the eu are for anti-competitive measures by tech companies , not bribery and pollution . 
  but i 'm not saying our companies are great , i 'm saying their are tons of shit companies around the world , and if that redditor thinks americans ca n't criticize corruption , he is mistaken . 
  really really huh ? 
  germany made it illegal to bribe foreign officials by adopting eu law in 1998 , and by passing it 's own law in 2002 . 
  in the us , the foreign corrupt practices act was passed in 1977 . 
  and german law was n't even enforced until after siemens got busted . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/21/business/worldbusiness/21siemens.html  before 1999 , bribes were deductible as business expenses under the german tax code , and paying off a foreign official was not a criminal offense . 
  in such an environment , siemens officials subscribed to a straightforward rule in pursuing business abroad , according to one former executive . 
  they played by local rules . 
  wrt vw , i personally do n't know of any other company that got caught red handed , and then continued to lie . 
  but i suppose that is more stupidity than corruption , or a level of arrogance that my brain simply can not comprehend . 
  anyway , newsflash , all developed countries have shitty multinationals , so i guess we 'll have to both keep quiet . 
  well , you do have that paradigm of morality , db , so chalk one up for germany . 
  worse than vw ? 
  you 'll be a good parent ( if you want of course ), 
  yeah , and i 'm taking mire downvotes for it on another thread . 
  lol . 
  they taught me that at t_d , maybe i 'm not using it right . 
  since i started lurking in / r/denmark . 
  those fuckers are savage . 
  the danes are right . 
  since when are we counting swedes as human ? 
  as the owner of an m44 mosin from the tula armory , i approve . 
  will there be any repercussions for merkel ? 
  seattle was pretty bad , no ? 
  merkel specifically chose hamburg in order to show golum and putin that protest is tolerated in a democracy . 
  i 'm not sure its worked out well ... 
  their fake animal bridges are the least of their offenses . 
  you have any idea how many homeless fish there are due to reckless drainage of the polders ? 
  more like autistic license . 
  ayyy, 
  mlb all star roster selections . 
  shit, 
  i tip my fedora in your general direction . 
  yes , yes , i was there in 2006 , before it was cool . 
  only texas . 
  this poor woman has to deal with putin and trump today ? 
  terrible . 
  flair checks out . 
  every statue of leopold should be replaced by a statue of a congolese child with no hands . 
  are there monuments to this murderer in belgium ? 
  trump 's subtle messages really lend gravitas to all he says and does . 
  a man of dignity and principle . 
  he makes a great vodka , big fan . 
  it 's his use of '' + '' that really drives the horrors of the holocaust to the forefront of our minds . 
  it does take the cloudiness into effect , though it would probably be better to split it up by seasons . 
   hours of sunlight by season --  spring : 640 summer : 862 fall : 436 winter : 235 looks like the winter in seattle is quite brutal . 
  most of europe is cloudier than seattle : - / seattle averages 2000 hours of sunshine a year , and is the suicide/coffee capital of the us . 
  it 's french cyprus hill !, 
  that 's the exact reason it 's not allowed in ny . 
  it actually may not be very harmful through a water pipe , but i ca n't see thst being helpful to anyone with respiratory issues . 
  good they have the pills , though i think oils for vaping would be good too . 
  in ny 's medical program there is also no smoking . 
  it 's hard for some people to get it on the black market , and it should be covered by insurance like any other medicine . 
  what about medical ? 
  we have so much in common . 
  going to do a dab in honor of my french bros in a few min . 
  sounds very similar to here . 
  i 'm 40 , and most people i know still smoke , and we are talking lawyers and finance people , not clowns . 
  is there any chance of recreational weed in france ? 
  lol . 
  surprised they have n't banned you for being so inane . 
  that house is 20 minutes away from where i live . 
  compared to the boxes surrounding it , it 's not bad at all . 
  come on ireland , you can do better than that . 
  new york and chicago have many art deco stone clad skyscrapers that are iconic and do have a sense of identity . 
  [ nyc 's lipstick building is n't too bad ] ( http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3283/3047788818_31c76355a4.jpg ), 
  that 's great . 
  every one we met in ireland really wanted to make sure we were having a good time , complete strangers .
