  how did he ever become a mod in the first place ? 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  we had bill clinton . 
  i actually lost my passport in croatia , and had to deal with the police . 
  they were very nice to me , and asked for no bribes ... then again , i did n't threaten anyone . 
  what makes you think russian soldiers want to interact with you ? 
  gender and homosex for all !, 
  dear croatian secret service , i do not endorse the above comment . 
  that is kind of weird . 
  have you ever tried a bite of christian child ? 
  it 's divine . 
  even if their child does not get ill , they should be jailed . 
  no one takes them seriously . 
  come on . 
  they are reported on because they are not taken seriously and they are making problems . 
  well , this was in 1999 , so i could n't tell you right now . 
  i just found it amusing that is one of the first things you would say to someone visiting your country . 
  flooding the market . 
  yes , that is why the american ambassador is there , bc we hate gays so much . 
  but ` murica is a religious theocracy . 
  uk/switzerland/france get bashed regularly here . 
  they are also on an island , it changes the mentality . 
  well yes , though there are a lot , lot of reasons for that , it could take up a whole subreddit !, 
  and of course there actually is a european subreddit especially for mocking americans , so it goes both ways . 
  sometimes it just boils down to cultural things . 
  for example , german people can be very , very blunt , and to many americans it comes off as really rude . 
  then you have sarcastic brits ( who i think are hilarious ) and maybe some americans from the south do n't get that humor . 
  being from nyc , we are just as bad . 
  i 'd say the main reason is that so many euros speak english and pay attention to our news , and then offer unsolicited opinions . 
  also , people get very distorted views from consuming our media . 
  when i studied in london , i was part of a program that was based out of nyc . 
  many of the brits were shocked that our group of hindus , jews and catholics were not fundamentalist christians . 
  i asked them where they got that idea , they said from watching jerry springer !, 
  i mean i ca n't think of a more opposite demographic than upper middle class college kids whose parents were paying for them to live in london for 6 months than people on jerry springer . 
  i also remember being out in the village ( downtown ) nyc and we ran into a group of swiss . 
  so of course the first thing they say is that americans do n't know any geography so we had a trivia challenge ( which i won ) and it turned out being fun . 
  or i remember when i went to spain to meet my gf at her parents place , and the first thing her mom says is `` they need to stop growing so many almonds in california , you are killing us . '', 
  kind of rude if you ask me . 
  so just like there is the ignorant american stereotype for a reason , there is a snotty euro stereotype for a reason . 
  that being said , i do n't think anyone would think finns , or irish , or belgians , and certainly not poles and other central/eastern euros are snotty . 
  that would be reserved for the french , germans , austrians , swiss really . 
  anyway , it just boils down to different social rules , some euros are more blunt than us and many people around the world think they understand us from tv or movies . 
   your snobby european relatives     hehe , i love this stereotype . 
  seems so unbalanced in comparison to the opposite stereotypes though . 
  but i guess there 's some truth to it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  20 years ago when american beer was absolute shit and i lived in london , it 's all i ever heard . 
  i used to drink kronenbourg 1664 , and the bartenders would always be `` oi mate , you be careful , that 's strong stuff , you do n't have that in america . '', 
  but if you read that line , it is in the past tense . 
  and it might have been annoying for euro 's to be snotty about it back then , but they were right , our beer was shit . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/budweiser-ditches-the-clydesdales-for-jay-z-1416784086 http://nypost.com/2014/11/29/budweiser-goes-hipster-as-sales-plunge/ http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/11/how-budweiser-lost-millennials/383144/ `` a couple of decades ago , budweiser , owned by abinbev , was the best-selling beer in the united states , and the brand your snobby european relatives brought up when insulting american beer '', 
  2 dollars is n't twice as much as 1 pound . 
  dammit . 
  we 'll freedom them too . 
  i do n't even work here . 
  respect your elders , young man !, 
  umm , that flemish lifestyle sounds real good to me . 
  the dutch do n't care about food !, 
  that beer list is very similair to what i 'd see at a belgian bar here . 
  i 'm not a big fan of jeffe and hoegarden though . 
  this place is considered the best belgian bar in the us : http://www.ebenezerspub.net/beer.html it is in the middle of nowhere , and you can camp out on the lawn !!!, 
  never had raging bitch , though i see it around a lot . 
  will have to try it . 
  yes , belgians do n't always like each other , but they are nice to visitors !, 
  and ok , you talked me into visiting the netherlands too . 
  we walked from the train station right to the red light district , and did n't leave it . 
  we did nothing of cultural value and got drunk and high the whole time . 
  in my defense , i was only 21 !, 
  actually we rented bikes and went around the city and got horrendously lost . 
  i also like the dutch b/c i 'm from nyc , and i think their attitude towards commerce and tolerance made the city the place it is today . 
  i was born pretty close to [ here ] ( http://subwaynut.com/bmt/new_utrechtn/ ) , so we are basically brothers . 
  when i did a semester in london ( almost 20 years ago !!, 
  ) , i drank stella and kronenbourg 1664 . 
  i thought i was the most cultured man on earth !, 
  which is hilarious , because the brits call stella the wifebeater . 
  but with the state of american beer back then , i was drinking better than 90 % of my countrymen . 
  westmalle is great , i have it occasionally . 
  i love duvel , in fact duvel green ( which i have n't seen since ) got me into good beer to start with . 
  they own this brewery http://www.ommegang.com/ in cooperstown , ny , which is amazing . 
  awesome belgian cafe there as well . 
  duvel kicks ass, 
  this is great :  a hero , not only because of his storytelling talent , but for his energy and modern ways . 
  he was , for example , the first in the village to use a lawnmower !, 
  it thus became obvious that nils oscar would be famous -- and his name became our trademark . 
  he lived in the us !, 
  they have a great lineup , many styles like an american brewery . 
  i often hear that there are a lot of exciting breweries in norway/denmark/sweden because they do n't have these preconceived notions about the way beer `` has '' to be . 
  lot of experimental stuff . 
  mikeller and nogne are great . 
  how is it ? 
  one step ahead of you bro , where do you think i 'm going for thanksgiving !, 
  fifa has never disclosed any employee info , because they are non-profit !, 
  miller high life is the champagne of beers !!, 
  goddammit , these fancy tories . 
  reminds me of the time i shared chef boyardee in rome . 
  i could n't understand them , but apparently i 'm italy when your guest throws the food you served them at your face it means `` i am not worthy of this culinary masterpiece !! '', 
  true , like when i played mariachi music in spain . 
  it really depends on the person i guess . 
  i know here a lot of college kids have figured out that if you drink a six pack of an 8 % ipa , that is better than drinking 2 six packs of 3 % bud . 
  tastes better too !,
