  a way neither of us understand apparently . 
  come on man , you see my flair right ? 
  i 'm monolingual . 
  the most i can do is google translate stuff . 
  however , since you used cyrillic characters , and used one of the few words in russian that i actually know , i hang my head in shame , and apologize for killing your witty joke . 
  you had to one up me with those wacky letters , huh ? 
  he looks so kindly , it makes me want to convert to communism . 
  not going to lie , 5 minutes ago , i was a hardcore libertarian capitalist , but after gazing upon the urine of lenin , i have signed up with [ cpusa ] ( http://www.cpusa.org/ ) . 
  your work puts michelangelo to shame . 
  would love to check out the baltics one day . 
  i like you guys . 
  no homo . 
  besides some crazy russians , all the eastern euro peeps i 've met are very nice , and not arrogant !, 
  the brits like to spread that one around europe . 
  we think eastern euros are cute !, 
  well the women , you know , because they are hot . 
  we like it in belgian restaurants , but that is it . 
  hell yes . 
  the only reason to have freezing beer is so you can not taste it . 
  woe be the barkeep that pours my beer into a frozen mug . 
  pride of szeged brah , that shit is the bomb . 
  well , there is quite an unsaturated market for it in most of the us . 
  give it a try . 
  a turkish immigrant to the us invented the market for `` greek '' yogurt , and is now a billionaire . 
  chobani is the brand . 
  countries with high toilet per capita ratios . 
  ( david attenborough voice ) `` here we have the exceedingly rare , tolerant european . 
  only 10 % -15 % of europeans do not have a undying hatred for at least one ethnic group . 
  due to his tolerance , this european suffers much abuse from his cohabitants . '', 
  i can confirm that english food is mad butt . 
  yeah , but do n't you think fastfood kebab would suck ? 
  i 'm glad the way it is now , though for all i know , it comes from one big factory . 
  have you heard about the halal carts in nyc ( our kebab ) ? 
  people go crazy for that . 
  what i meant was if something horrible comes out that we do n't know about , it will have am effect . 
  not just run of the mill stuff . 
  i 'm quite sick of the world police act myself . 
  the government and military industrial complex feel otherwise . 
  but i did n't know that until you wrote it !, 
  there are people who hate jews and muslims . 
  look , you guys are facing a terrible situation , and i also know how much violence these guys dispense to the jewish community especially . 
  and i know the petty crime in general is pretty terrible as well . 
  so i do understand the frustration . 
  i 'm just not sure what you can do it about it . 
  the irony of this coming from a spaniard ... 
  it 's personal for me , i 'm jewish . 
  so i was wondering if you would have my family expelled of whatever . 
  luckily my ancestors had the good sense to get off that continent in the 1880s . 
  hope you are right . 
  no , i meant hezbollah provides more social services than the lebanese state . 
  they do n't need to sponsor any jihadis , they have their own capabilities . 
  this world cup is not much better . 
  no one gives a fuck though . 
  beautiful game and all that . 
  just like hezbollah . 
  balkan muslims are n't europeanized , they were always europeans . 
  because he is n't english . 
  i predict angry brazilians robbing and beating rich , white fans who don ; t give a shit that thousands of people were made homeless for a spectacle . 
  i 'm supposed to go watch bosnia/argentina in queens ( nyc ) sunday night . 
  i do n't really give a shit about soccer , but i 've met so many nice bosnian people , that i will root for them . 
  omg , he has a nazi haircut , and it doing the ole `` heil hitler '' move . 
  i 'm not sure what distinction you are trying to make between ethno-nationalism and nations `` defined around a certain ethno-linguistic group . '', 
  those are the same thing . 
  i understand the concept , and why they would feel that way , and that is their right . 
  i 'm just saying that i would not be comfortable in that situation , it does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  a lot of americans are descendants of people who fled areas of europe where they were the minority , including my family . 
  even if that was well over 100 years ago , it affects the way i think . 
  canada is a huge melting pot , do they suck ? 
  bravo !, 
  will there be any talk of the people made homeless for stadiums , or the protests ? 
  or is a circus more important than the people ? 
  i totally understand the concept of ethno-nationalism , but i do n't think i 'd ever be comfortable living in an ethno-nationalist state . 
  i have lived in the uk , and it did not feel ethno-nationalistic , in fact it was quite pluralistic . 
  would you have said this about jews in the '30s ? 
  how did you guys get pulled in ? 
  we would have got blamed no matter what , probably more if we did not get involved . 
  you watch though , horrible stuff will come out about benghazi , which will tank hillary , and we 'll get a republican president . 
  so thanks for that . 
  so just call them romani . 
  yup . 
  not to say that at some of the reservations there is not tension with the surrounding area . 
  like this : http://articles.orlandosentinel.com/1992-07-17/news/9207170604_1_state-thruway-protest-bonfires though i do n't know if that counts as ethnic tension . 
  hate crimes map would the only thing you could use really . 
  things are different here . 
  a map like this would literally make no sense at all for the us . 
  but a map of hate crimes would help i suppose . 
  no state or area has a `` native '' population . 
  i 'm not sure if we used that uranium : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_submarine_u-234 and i do n't see it mentioned here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trinity_%28nuclear_test%29, 
  oh boy , i missed a reference again !, 
  honestly , i do n't watch much television besides sports , car shows and news , so i miss a lot of stuff that everyone else gets . 
  [ sorry ] ( http://www.sadmuffin.net/cherrybam/graphics/comments-hugs-and-kisses/hugs-and-kisses025.gif ), 
  i 'm not sure , but it 's nice you took your screen name from your wife 's vag . 
  being married to you will do that to a woman . 
  not sure why i am sinking to your level . 
  because reddit ? 
  i mean if you have pissy people fighting on the internet , they are going to bring it up . 
  but people do n't sit around hating the french all day . 
  sorry , not star trek fan . 
  i do think that is dying down a bit . 
  lot of wwii soldiers were bitter about the french surrender and perpetuated that stereotype .
