  american/japanese cost of ownership is a fraction of the euro cars available here . 
  true , mine was made in mexico , and the engine came from the uk . 
  not true anymore . 
  focus , fiesta , mondeo/fusion , mustang and a few other models are the same worldwide , and globally produced . 
  my fiesta st was assembled in mexico , and the engine was sent from the uk . 
  the trucks and large suvs are still separate . 
  when i was in ireland , every other car was a focus or fiesta . 
  yeah , i get it , those are made in germany , and my fiesta is made in mexico , but ford in still an american company . 
  also , lookup the new camaro zl1 1le . 
  it 's up there with the `` american beer is water '' stereotype . 
  tbf , everyone has outdated stereotypes about each other . 
  uh yeah , that 's not it . 
  german cars have status here , which is why people buy them . 
  they also tend to be leased for 3 years at a time , before they detonate into a maintenance nightmare . 
  but do n't take my word for it , just peruse / r/justrolledintotheshop as a former saab owner , i 'll never buy a euro ride again . 
  hopefully he 'll be unpresidented soon . 
  you mean heil, 
  did the other mods ban that account ? 
  this is # 3 on / r/all btw . 
  was n't that on a different username ? 
  fuck bitches , get money . 
  did you just assume automod 's gender ? 
  this one was 50 % . 
  i 've had the homemade , it 's brutal . 
  had some serbian slivowitz last night . 
  ;-) and by some , i mean a lot . 
  because i 'm painfully monolingual . 
  working on spanish though . 
  apologies for the accusation . 
  just a random comment to get downvoted on . 
  probably a penn commuter !, 
  well , penn does have amtrak , so i suppose it get more use because of the regional service . 
  and penn and the area it 's in a is a pile of garbage . 
  no need to downvote though . 
  ha , that 's awesome . 
  do people end up getting shitfaced ? 
  are you one of those people with campers ? 
  i forgot which episode , but in tg , clarkson did a whole bit about how english do n't go on vacation there , but do go to france/spain/italy . 
  something about how competence is boring , and decrepitude is romantic . 
  the area around grand central is quite nice ... 
  i drink kolsch , but i do n't speak it . 
  well , which country ? 
  we get great indian immigrants here . 
  most end up staying . 
  and the eu made it difficult for him to build golf courses . 
  20 years ago i visited amsterdam ; remember the tarwebok and toasties were good , do n't remember much else . 
  no , belgium has good beer and food . 
  no , the belgian come out because someone said cz had the best brews . 
  they 'll go full congo on your ass . 
  trump might end up being the best thing ever to happen to the eu . 
  do n't blame you at all . 
  as a belgian beer enthusiast , i agree ; while they make some great lagers , they have nothing like the variety of beers belgium puts out . 
  in fact , no one else in europe does . 
  no , this is how you summon belgium . 
  i 'm impressed with macron on this angle , it 's exactly the right way to do with those who have authoritarian tendencies . 
  i 'm sure it goes over quite well with the french public as well . 
  my paprika brand is pride of szedged . 
  ok , this is one of the greatest things i 've ever seen . 
  roll that shit , light that shit , smoke that shit . 
  countries that feel that way should not be a part of nato . 
  it 's not free . 
  well yes , since bill clinton , every president has been bitching that euros do n't do their part , and i 'm fine with him taking a harsher line on that . 
  but it 's important not to undermine the core issue of mutual defense . 
  this must have the russians salivating . 
  yes , literally every other president has done that schpiel . 
  valid points , but you are in nato , like or not , and you are supposed to pay , like it or not . 
  now , do i think germany should make payments on behalf of countries that have been raped by austerity for the last decade ? 
  absolutely yes . 
  since they have under spent on their military so badly , and have the worlds largest surplus , it would be quite fair . 
  in the medium/long term , i 'd love to see nato disbanded and an eu military form . 
  the current situation is quite unhealthy . 
  especially makes sense with brexit . 
  that would indeed be stupid , and i 'd be quite surprised if that actually happened . 
  i also would not be against countries contributing more money to things like nato overhead/administrative costs instead of weapons . 
  everyone needs to contribute . 
  uh yeah , that 's not how it works , it 's simply by gdp . 
  buy all the euro guns you want , go for it . 
  the germans have a huge selection for you , as do the swedes . 
  i have been looking at it from the interstate commerce clause perspective , which i see is not analogous . 
  if you have any interest , here is an article contrasting the four freedoms and the commerce clause : http://scholarship.law.wm.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1048&amp;context=wmblr, 
  someone else said that freedom of movement is only for working , is that true ? 
  no one is criticizing the uk and france when it comes to military spending , they are n't any different than sk and japan . 
  most if the rest , not so much . 
  i 'm talking only about the money, 
  are you a new yorker ? 
  sorry , just meant the money angle . 
  it is n't healthy for us or europe to have europe so dependent . 
  even if it 's just symbolic for small countries , i want to see them care about their own defense . 
  long term i 'm very in favor of an eu military , and relying on us prevents that . 
  look at how we partner with sk and japan , so much more equal . 
  remember we have a pacific fleet , and troops bases/all over the world . 
  makes sense that we spend more . 
  i 'm glad someone here gets it . 
  you have a racist country name , trump is going to push you !, 
  the blacks love him folks , bigly . 
  you are nuts, 
  i 'm a new yorker , and unless you are blocking tbe subway doors , i do n't shove you . 
  there is nothing normal about this, 
  he 's a rude bully , and it 's disgusting . 
  i 'm embarrassed more than usual .
