  the level of fluency for these occupations are very low . 
  for example , my cleaning lady speaks a very low level of english , and i 've given up trying to explain anything other than what day she should come over . 
  but she is very busy and does well for herself . 
  `` extegration '' is very interesting to me . 
  sometimes i wonder if english is going to be the de facto language for much of northern europe , with native languages just spoken at home . 
  it may very well end up as the new latin . 
  spanish is the most popular foreign language taught here , but not many people can actually speak it upon graduation from high school . 
  that being said , there are so many people here that come from spanish speaking cultures , that there are many , many people who speak english and spanish . 
  but yes , we are very spoiled with the english language . 
  a mexican might have less problems in the us than an african in denmark , but barely any of them speak any english . 
  i think dutch is so much more similar in tone and pronunciation than german , that is is hard to confuse the two . 
  i always hear dutch tourists on the subway , and it sounds like they are speaking some dialect of american english that i can not understand . 
  the germans on the other hand , sound more abrupt , with longer pauses in their speech . 
  really , i can just go over and stay ? 
  sweet . 
  saw that on bizarre foods . 
  you must be talking about bay ridge , in brooklyn . 
  not too many norwegians left there . 
  maybe the first generation who came here did not speak english , but you can be sure their children did , and were fully integrated into society . 
  they may have all stayed in the same neighborhood , but it was not a `` ghetto '' for long . 
  if you look at my original comment , i said the us has a lower amount of `` race based '' extremists . 
  i still stand by that . 
  we do n't even have a national race or ethnicity to rally around . 
  maybe you want to classify anti-government people as extremists and include them , but that was n't what my comment was directed at . 
  i also did n't say we di n't have any extremists at all . 
  secondly , you need to differentiate between stupid racists and extremists . 
  ok , so you hear some stupid anti-islamic comments by americans , who do nothing else than make a comment . 
  these people are n't extremists , though they may be racists . 
  that is n't who i am talking about . 
  if you could point out recent comments by `` important '' politicians , i 'd be happy to accept that . 
  i do n't know why you are being so sensitive about this . 
  just look at all the anti-jew , islam and especially gypsys comments in / r/europe that appear to represent mainstream thought , and yet you mention anti-islam comments by americans . 
  it is n't even close , and you know it . 
  you can call us fat , say we lack universal healthcare or whatever the usual business is but you do n't have a leg to stand on with this . 
  and i 'm no 14 year old basement dweller in kansas . 
  i 've traveled plenty , studied abroad in europe , had a long term relationship with a european woman and am still in touch with these people . 
  i personally observed more casual racism in a few months in europe than the rest of my life . 
  i 'm an american mutt who happens to be jewish , but certainly does n't look it . 
  even in england i heard more jewish comments then i have in my whole life here ( including in mississippi ) . 
  i know that is just anecdotal , as are your stories from your uncle . 
  we do n't have parties here pushing to ban minarets and burkas and skullcaps . 
  and even if they did , they would not be allowed to . 
  the is a mosque under construction a block from ground zero , sure people protested and got pissed and complained , but legally they can not stop it from being constructed . 
  you want to say some western/northern european countries may not have such a problem , i can buy that . 
  but i was talking europe as a whloe , and that includes greece , hungary , italy . 
  hell , just look at the ultras in italy . 
  i ca n't even imagine a professional sports team having an ethnic/nationaist identity . 
  right , you see shit like this all the time at baseball games in the us http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/tottenham-hotspur/10411146/italian-football-hooligans-jailed-for-unprovoked-attack-on-tottenham-hotspur-fans-in-rome.html . 
  i 'd love to go on more , and will be happy to further debate you in a civil manner , but i must leave now . 
  i 'm not even sure where to begin on this . 
  you are surprised a nation of 300m has more extremists than a 10m nation ? 
  or are you saying that there are more extremists in 1 300m nation than 30 nations which total 500m people ? 
  it really does n't make sense either way . 
  but you did hit on the important part . 
  in europe these extremist are actually part of the political process . 
  jobbik , golden dawn , real finns , bnp , national front and on and on and on . 
  and you think this is good ? 
  this is beyond the pale and unacceptable in the american political sphere . 
  we may have plenty of nuts in the forest with guns , while yours are in your capital , with power . 
  how you could consider this preferable us beyond me . 
  you are a smart fella . 
  i am an agnostic , because i can not prove that something does not exist in any meaningful way . 
  `` god '' could very well exit is some abstract way , and we would have no idea . 
  now i think the odds of that are infinitesimally small , but there is no way for me to prove there is no diety . 
  there has been plenty of meaningful philosophy which has sprung from religion , but is does n't mean that religion writ large is a good thing . 
  i like to use my personal experiences as an example . 
  my maternal grandfather was sicilian catholic , he married a jewish woman . 
  my fathers side was jewish . 
  we were raised with hanukkah and christmas , and went to temple for a bit , but i never got bar mitzvah 'd . 
  my parents were very rational and tried to promote religion as `` heritage '' but more or less did not believe in a diety . 
  point being , religion was not important to us . 
  then comes along my sis in law , a semi religious catholic girl . 
  she continually makes comments about jewish stuff , made sure every knew it would be unacceptable to mention anything jeiwsh to my nephew . 
  she has caused a lot of stress and strife . 
  now i do n't believe in any of it , but because this stuff was ingrained in my identity , i ca n't help but be offended , even though i rationally know we are both fighting over fairy tales . 
  and this is analogous to the wrold writ large . 
  sunnis and shiite 's murdering each other by the hundreds of thousands . 
  muslims attacking christians . 
  jews proclaiming divine title to land . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  all because the primal clan/tribal impulse that seems to be an indelible part of human nature . 
  and to me , this is why religion can no longer be a useful thing . 
  i 'm a bigtime atheist , but it does n't mean these teaching are bad . 
  dude , this looks really interesting !!, 
  thanks man , going to read up !, 
  you may not think it 's a bad thing , but i do n't think it is a good thing , especially not in an integrated eu . 
  i can speak to switzerland , as i have never been there , but from what i hear , each region is like its own little country . 
  when i said `` nothing '' i meant nothing to change all the brad crap . 
  the groundwork was laid down , and they are n't doing anything to change it . 
  i need to come up with my own platform based on personal liberties and non-intervention , but also with an acknowledgment that the market is not an infallible arbiter . 
  yeah , but they probably are not closet skinheads . 
  are they fans of the danes ? 
  it 's just some stupid small town mayor we get it . 
  while we should n't be saying `` zomg every austrian in a nazi ! '', 
  we also should n't say `` eh , no big deal , small time mayor '' either . 
  yup , progressive is the term used for liberal these days , because there are no liberals left . 
  i would love if progressives and libertarians could at least get together on the things they agree on , and push it through . 
  ron paul and bernie sanders always made appearances together , and they really had a lot in common . 
  i 'd be happier with those camps opposing each other , instead of a huge blob in the center that does nothing . 
  i met a fair share of cranks in the uk , but daily mail folks seem more like fox news people , ignorant , but not extreme .
