  i respect you . 
  have you felt that radiation anywhere else ? 
  smug superiority is probably the most offensive thing to us . 
  if you ar3e a blatant asshole , at least you had the courage to do so . 
  sounds like you need to move to europe, 
  even without immigrants , we 'd have a high murder rate . 
  so in europe muslims are the elite , because everyone overestimates how many of them there are ? 
   remember , if you drive a gas guzzler , you support terrorism . 
  til there are terrorists in north dakota . 
  i could possibly see that argument regarding china , india is still a complete mess . 
  we are partners with all of china 's neighbor 's and rivals , and we are able to project enough power to make our wishes felt . 
  we are selling weapons to counter to china to viet nam for example . 
  we 'll still be over here with two oceans and canada on three sides , and a wall with mexico on the fourth . 
  china will still be surrounded by insecure rivals and unpredictable nk . 
  that 's a much more messy situation , and it does n't appear that any of it 's neighbors will accept chinese domination , and i do n't think china is going to impose its will by force . 
  maybe stop with the beastiality porn ? 
  i think our primary concern will be freedom of the seas , as we see in the south china sea . 
  brexit would be the last gasp of the post-wwii era . 
  thanks for the seizure bro . 
  it 's more that the world is is shifting from cross-atlantic to cross-pacific . 
  the anglosphere will be well situated to deal with this , as all of it but the uk has access to the pacific . 
  that 's just sad . 
  and yet , so many people still do n't get it . 
  deisel is only cheaper because of preferential tax treatment , just like petrol is cheaper here for the same reason . 
  to repeat , it 's not because we do n't have the tech ( though we very well might not ) , it 's because we have much stricter nox limits , and have looked towards developing petrol hybrids/electric cars . 
  no , the big fuss was the insane amount of nox coming out of vw diesel tailpipes . 
  the us would always defend the uk , do n't be ridiculous . 
  i do n't even think trumpeteers would want to abandon them . 
  did you throw your spare pint glass at her when she started shouting ? 
  apparently i 'm finnish . 
  new vw vehicles are banned as well . 
  and it leaves a `` paper '' trail . 
  esti really can into nordic . 
  sure , but that is just about settling disputes . 
  vast majority of securities never go into litigation . 
  either way , i think london will continue to be the financial capital of europe , and co-equal to nyc . 
  i do n't know what that means ... :-(, 
  you 're too kind !, 
  will send !, 
  yeah , i do n't think there is much of a chance that london loses too much clout , but there is no reason that contracts ca n't specify that disputes be settles in a court or arbitration venue in dublin . 
  there is very little difference in terms of contract/finance law between ireland/uk and ny . 
  if i gave you all my passwords , would you be able to tell me if they are good enough ? 
  besides speaking english , ireland is a common law jurisdiction , which is preferred in finance . 
  blur , oasis was high school . 
  i was all about the drum and bass though . 
  yes , but with less ramifications . 
  which is why the us has not recognized the armenian genocide . 
  change the law asap . 
  it just showed a lack of knowledge , which is quite common . 
  no , i was visiting my then gf . 
  tbf , i 'm not positive if they were asking if i saw anyone get shot , or i actually shot someone , because i started laughing so much i could n't hear my gf translate . 
  i 'll cut them a tiny bit of slack by saying this was in the late 90s , and nyc still had n't totally shed it 's dangerous reputation . 
  but still , dumb people ask questions everywhere . 
  yes , it 's out of control . 
  i knew edrogan was shutting down newspapers and arresting people , but flipping out like this is beyond childish . 
  i could not believe the newspapers with all the nazi covers , the covering of benz emblems , and just throwing a tantrum . 
  i 've never seen anything like it , make `` freedom fries '' look comparatively sane . 
  much better article . 
  much better article . 
  much better article . 
  it 's honestly shocking . 
  i never shoot anyone on wednesdays . 
  you think i 'm some kind of animal ? 
  happy cake day !!, 
  that was pretty funny , as was the color comment . 
  give the fella some credit . 
  i 've heard things have changed , but i can assure you that 20 years ago , the food was atrocious . 
  and most brits will agree . 
  i find that stereotype to be strange , bc i lived over there about 20 years ago , and no one even mentioned the empire . 
  like ever . 
  the canadians would beg you to rule them again , they ca n't get enough of you . 
  like john oliver . 
  no , a 2 girls and 1 cup joke . 
  vw did nothing wrong . 
  people might be misinformed , and have stereotypes or whatever , but people here have a very positive view of italians . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  hope no one else was an asshole to you . 
  you can be proud of the low prices , but it sucks ass waiting for the attendant !, 
  the you were lucky enough to avoid new jersey . 
  though thier gas is insanely cheap . 
  more of us would know if you did n't use the same flag as serbie . 
  hate to burst your bubble , but there are stupid people everywhere . 
  in fact , when i was in spain , i was asked if i 've shot people . 
  we play one game a year at wembley . 
  i did n't actually go to class much ... 
  ah , so you were trying to score extra points . 
  denmark/netherlands/uk were not overtly anti-semitic , might be a few others too . 
  but yeah , my family was getting abused in russia , austria , prussia , poland , romania as far as i know . 
  and some were just poor catholics in sicily . 
  but it all worked out in the end ( for me ) . 
  of course not , i was just expecting it to be very civil in terms of good behavior in public ... 
   we helped the germans round up the jews in bessarabia like we 'd get a promotion if we did it . 
  was n't that due to indigenous anti-semitism ? 
  a lot of my jewish ancestors left romania in the 1880 's bc they were being abused . 
  very much so . 
  i studied there almost 20 years ago , and still see two of my brit friends from back then . 
  went to one of their weddings in ireland last summer , and both of them visit here periodically . 
  this was before youtube or social media , so all i had to go off of was preconceived notions that everyone had great manners and a monocle . 
  i do n't want to be an elitist asshole , and there are plenty of very intelligent people in the military , but there is also a contingent of people that did n't have many choices in life . 
  it is good that these people find employment with good benefits , but it 's not the best face to put on us for europe , and we are doing much worse in japan .
