  do a little experiment with him , put on a euro flag flair , comment as you normally would , and see how he agrees with your every comment . 
  flee the polders !, 
  reminiscent of the american ghetto ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bavou_sej1e, 
  nyt is the source of standard lines of thought , and literally is a mouthpiece of the government , regardless of which party is power . 
  http://mediamatters.org/blog/2011/06/03/bill-keller-speaks-out-on-judy-miller-iraq-war/180289 the mainstream media in the us is weak and 100 % controlled by corporate and political interests . 
  i was n't the one that literally did not know what the word racism meant . 
  lol , gibraltarian race . 
  my word , what a haughty reply from someone who does not understand basic english . 
  we could have saved this whole exchange if you would have explained that you were not aware what the word racism meant . 
  now , now , trying to stifle me are you ? 
  your authoritarian , pro-censorship colors are showing . 
  telling me to go to an american sub ? 
  all subs are american , administrated by an american company , hosted on american servers and subject to american law . 
  http://www.reddit.com/help/privacypolicy#section_international_visitors  international visitors  reddit is a san francisco , california-based company whose servers are housed in the united states . 
  all personal information we collect from our international users is transferred to the united states and processed according to us law . 
  in any event , i 'm glad that you will continue to enjoy this website , brought straight to you from the good ole usa . 
  if i were you , i 'd enjoy / r/gonewild now , before you are no longer permitted access to naughty pictures . 
   what would you call insulting someone based solely on where they come from ? 
  now normally i would say `` i think we are having some language issues here , as english is not your native tongue . '', 
  so you are saying gibraltarians are now a race ? 
  if you want to say it is a cultural group , i suppose i ca n't argue with that , but it is certainly not a race . 
  according to wiki , this is the breakdown of ethnicity there : 1 british 27 % 2 spanish ( excluding minorcan ) 24 % 3 italian 19 % 4 portuguese 11 % 5 maltese 8 % 6 jewish 3 % 7 minorcan 2 % 8 other 4 % 9 unassigned 2 % source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltarian_people are you saying i am racist against white people ? 
  to answer your question , insulting someone based on where they are is called nationalism , not racism . 
  racism is discrimination against a race . 
  and sorry , i dated a very wonderful spanish girl who hated you guys , i guess it rubbed off on me . 
  i am not having a discussion about morality , i am discussing the law . 
  it was against international law to engage in retaliatory attacks against civilians . 
  that is why this man was convicted . 
  ok , let me explain . 
  you made a comment , and deleted it within one minute . 
  i had started replying to it , and when i hit save , it said `` the comment has been deleted . 
  so i copied your comment . 
  here it is :  gibraltarsalvaxe 1 point 1 minute ago ( 1 | 0 )  then your thought was wrong ; it 's part of the roundtable series we have every week , last week it was the scottish flag and next week it 'll be something different . 
   people like you should stop getting your knickers in a twist about something like israel ; we 're supposed to not be xenophobic on here so unless you 're willing for the likes of yourself ( none-european ) to be banned from posting here , i suggest you lighten up and instead of wasting our time on this worthless thread , go contribute to the actual roundtable . 
  but i suppose that 's too much effort compared to getting free karma for saying `` lol dae israelis are nazis '' is n't it ? 
  after pasting your deleted comment , i then wrote out my own reply to it :  is this some kind of joke ? 
  where the fuck did i say anything like that ? 
  i 'm also pretty sure i am more pro israel them 95 % of this sub , but since it was not relevant , i did not discuss it . 
  look at the comment i agreed with : `` even without the human-rights thing i 'd want them removed . 
  they are n't in the eu , nor located on the european continent , so there 's no reason to consider israel part of europe . '', 
   they are not on the european continent !!!, 
  i was also unaware that this sub changed flags to represent topics of discussion , is why i asked why . 
  in fact i did n't know the round table existed . 
   i mean seriously , what the fuck is your problem ? 
  how the fuck was i xenophobic ? 
  what are you , a self appointed censor ? 
   anyway , being a colonial settler yourself , i can see how you would be so sensitive about this . 
   grow up . 
  please tell me where i was racist . 
  you replied ( and deleted ) to my comment agreeing that it made no sense for the flag to be there because israel is not in europe . 
  was that the racist comment ? 
  that was the reply you deleted , which i copied and pasted into my reply . 
  why would i reply to myself ?!?!?!, 
  also , how can i be racist to you , i don ; t even know what you are . 
  a white brit i guess . 
  you are seriously insane . 
  accusing me of deleting a reply to myself . 
  we are talking about the same comment , good . 
  please paste where i was racist . 
  i fully understand why he ordered it , but it does n't matter why , it is still a war crime . 
  you do not agree ? 
  do you think this man should have been convicted at all ? 
  # 1 - i never delete replies , and i pasted my reply when i pasted yours , with bolded sections . 
  read it . 
  # 2 - i am never racist , feel free to scroll through my entire reddit history to decide for yourself # 3 - i am realizing you are a bored kid , and i probably should n't waste time on you , and should return to conversing with adults , which is enjoyable # 4 - maybe you have my comment confused with someone elses , because you did delete you comment 1 minute after posting, 
  now you are just straight up lying , and will deal with consequences . 
  btw , the reddit servers are on american soil , and are not subject to your criminal insult laws . 
  you going to try and call your mommy and tell on me ? 
  how typical , someone trying to stifle conversation with false racism charges . 
  you know , it violates reddit tos for a 12 y/o to have an account . 
  bad boy . 
  i am honestly flabbergasted to get this reply over and over . 
  what does my flair have to do with the banner ? 
  this sub has many of the worst redditors in it . 
  / r/wtf s a massive improvement . 
  because i asked why there was an israelie flag ? 
  i am a pro-israel , jewish new yorker with many israeli friends , you moron . 
  i declare you the worst redditor ever . 
  have fun on your stinking , little rock . 
  hitler did not order it against the partisans , it was against random civilians . 
  you think that is just war , or is it a war crime ? 
  `` a bomb planted by partisans on a street in rome had killed 33 german soldiers . 
  and it is believed that adolf hitler himself ordered the murder of 10 times that number of local people . 
  the victims were rounded up and then taken to the network of caves on the city 's southern outskirts , where they were all shot . '', 
  `` a bomb planted by partisans on a street in rome had killed 33 german soldiers . 
  and it is believed that adolf hitler himself ordered the murder of 10 times that number of local people . 
  the victims were rounded up and then taken to the network of caves on the city 's southern outskirts , where they were all shot . '', 
  hitler ordered random civilians to be rounded up , not the actual partisans who were planting the bombs . 
  that is by any definition a war crime . 
  just a further note , you are by far the most petulant editor i personally have come across . 
  i do n't know if you follow me around , or maybe you are just this rude when you see an american flag . 
  either way , your comments to me are useless , even you realize this , seeing as how you deleted you comment to me in the other thread within one minute of posting it . 
  so really , unless you can grow up , just downvote and ignore me . 
  i suppose i should expect a haughty colonist to act this way . 
  here , i 'll post your enlightened comment you deleted before : edit : the below reply was in response to me simply asking why the israeli flag was on the banner today . 
  gibraltarsalvaxe 1 point 1 minute ago ( 1 | 0 ) then your thought was wrong ; it 's part of the roundtable series we have every week , last week it was the scottish flag and next week it 'll be something different . 
  people like you should stop getting your knickers in a twist about something like israel ; we 're supposed to not be xenophobic on here so unless you 're willing for the likes of yourself ( none-european ) to be banned from posting here , i suggest you lighten up and instead of wasting our time on this worthless thread , go contribute to the actual roundtable . 
  but i suppose that 's too much effort compared to getting free karma for saying `` lol dae israelis are nazis '' is n't it ? 
  i 'm round these parts often . 
  it will be censored in france .
