  it 's so easy to look up online how to do it . 
  i 'm waiting 1.5 years to get a handgun where i live in ny . 
  i can buy a shotgun/rifle in 5 minutes though . 
  there is n't much discussion here about the suicide aspect of guns . 
  the nra is a symptom of our out of control lobbying problem here . 
  i 'm a gun owner , and like most , i have no problem with background checks and things like that . 
  special interests have too much power here , and until we address money as speech , it 's not going to change . 
  and i 'm saying the americans who are making comments about how all these people would get shot up live in fantasy land . 
  even in texas or whatever , not everyone is carrying a gun . 
  it 's annoying because these threads get derailed into arguments with ridiculous scenarios . 
  despite some people 's fantasies , none of these situations would result in a shootout with civilians . 
  the police would respond en masse very early on . 
  exactly , these arguments are so stupid , the cops would be there immediately . 
  there is literally 0 % chance of running gun battles with cizens happening here , despite what some american redditors might comment here . 
  the police would show up very early in any of these situations , and they would be in control from the start . 
  good luck getting one . 
  in any city if a gang of people are engaging in sexual assaults , the police will intervene before any citizens have time to shoot . 
   no to visually jewish ? 
  paris and malmo have this rule , why not cologne ? 
  so poor people are not allowed to have guns . 
  never too late to start . 
  not all the country is like texas , actually i do n't think anywhere else is . 
  laws in ny are very similar to europe . 
  duty to retreat and all that . 
  the nyc of turkey . 
  wow , your insurance does not cover metal health ?? 
  i actually started smoking a lot again ( vaping really , with a great eu product : goboof.com ) when i had two torn rotator cuffs and a serious amount of stress from being primary caregiver for my grandparents/mother . 
  it really helped me with pain/insomnia/stress . 
  but i think people should be able to decide for themselves if they want it , and should be classed as recreational . 
  but i guess medical is a step in the right direction . 
  meh , there is still affordable stuff out there . 
  you can pick up a chinese remington clone 12 guage pump for $ 189 for example . 
  where i grew up in the northern ` burbs of nyc , a huge percentage of people started smoking in high school , and never stopped . 
  and we are all doing quite well in life , it 's not for fuckups only . 
  hopefully in my lifetime this stupid state legalizes it for recreational purposes . 
  no reason to stop . 
  burned the weed b4 i learned to read, 
  independence day was actually a documentary . 
   i really do n't know many people 40 + or 35 + that are smoking pot ... all my friends are 35 + , all of us have been smoking weed for 20 + years , and still do . 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  he said historical , not fiction . 
  uh yeah , we do n't tax it less or have weaker standards for it like in the eu . 
  still does n't mean vw can ignore our regs . 
  independence day, 
  maybe yurocorps should stop polluting here . 
  enjoy your black lungs . 
  my favorite responses from german redditors was when this story first broke , and they refused to believe that our emissions standards were stricter than theirs . 
  the cognitive dissonance was palpable . 
  true , though if he has family here , it is easier . 
  i just watched a story on the `` agromaffia '' and fake food . 
  that sucks . 
  looks like a lot of people are fighting it though . 
  shit , what country am i in then ? 
  but it 's self-hatred with the rest of the world liking you . 
  we do n't have any mayhem left in nyc . 
  we love you , you just hate yourselves . 
  brazilians always bash their nation on reddit . 
  always about crime and lack of services . 
  yup , i subbed to / r/london bc i lived there when i studied in the uk . 
  very good sub . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is def for nutters . 
  so , not latvians then . 
  listen here , our greatness transcends infantile concepts like math . 
  to state that were are number one would defile us to the point of comparing us with other nations . 
  there is no comparison . 
  if i can piss off some chicoms by rooting their separatist province , which is one of our many protectorate puppets , i see no harm . 
  move here !, 
  half of your country did already !, 
  and they are doing great . 
  you think that is bad ? 
  it 's my neighbor . 
  fuck that shit hole . 
  you were not harsh , or offensive . 
  there is a lot less french bashing than there used to be , because you were right about iraq . 
  i think that gave americans respect for you ( i know it did for me ) . 
  also , a lot of the french bashers are older people . 
  back before the internet and all that , wwii veterans were a bit bitter about the french not fighting for longer . 
  they never looked into it any deeper than that . 
  these are the same folks that hated the germans after the war . 
  now we see stories about how many french are joining the military after charlie hebdo and bataclan , and it looks impressive . 
  i think that our relations will be better in the future . 
  there is a lot of sympathy for france with all the attacks you are suffering . 
  if you stay out of the bible belt and the south , you will have no issues with jeebus peeps . 
  your kids will be putting condoms on bananas in school class . 
  i think nyt only allows comments on opinion/analysis , not regular news stories . 
  i should have phrased my comment better . 
  of course that is us policy , but i think this guy 's motive is to promote the interest of us energy exporters . 
  i do think the baltics and poland will be very upset if germany works more closely with russia as far as energy goes , but that really is an eu matter . 
  i believe there is a baltic port which with be ready for us lng ships soon . 
  are you thinking of constantinople ? 
  you guys hit / r/all a lot , and you get peeps from everywhere in there . 
  there is a good flair system , and you swedes are actually nice to everyone checking in , and are happy to have people stopping by . 
  unlike some cranky subs ... 
  not sure why the author thinks the us should get involved . 
  it 's an issue for eu countries . 
  having silly fights that get posted to srd is going to get exposure you exposure with everyone . 
  what about the swedishes ? 
  balkan women are gorgeous .
