  it would be a worthy education !, 
  i have friends who are first gen americans with an italian father , they do n't do any of that shit !, 
  if i just knew which gas chambers my family was cooked in , i 'd fell the same . 
  my grandfather was from sicilily , so maybe i can find some people there ... 
  but really , i 'm just american . 
  cool you got to do that though . 
  this is funny to keep hearing about americans with scottish heritage . 
  i mean i heard all this about irish americans , but not scots . 
  my best friend of 30 years is half a scot ( his mother was born there ) and he goes to scotland quite a bit ; but i 've never heard him rambling on about scotland and scottish pride . 
  his father is hungarian , and he is married to a women who emigrated from russia . 
  he is 100 % american , and would never claim otherwise . 
  maybe they were flattered when the mormons told them that people with blonde hair and fair skin are closer to god . 
  the swedes made some damn fine ` muricans . 
  they still like lutefisk though http://minnesota.publicradio.org/display/web/2013/11/26/lutefiskdinner, 
  ko\u015bciuszko has many bridges named after him over here . 
  i 'd also say that 3rd and 4th generation poles are so assimilated , that they may keep some food traditions , but that would be about it . 
  they are stil catholic of course . 
  well , there was a very large concentration of portuguese in new jersey , so that may explain the tacky bit . 
  maine and louisiana have some french speakers in the us . 
  you comments on dumping are spot on . 
  however , a strong country like germany can pretty much borrow whatever it wants at very low rates , so the gdp ratio does n't mean much for them . 
  great city . 
  that is very interesting . 
  we took our summer vacation to the pnw last summer , amazing !!, 
  as an nyc ` er i could really see why they would head out there , the people are so nice , and much more willing to give anyone a chance . 
  that is fucked up !!!, 
  mind if i ask what general metro area ? 
  the thing with the checks , and guys with baseball bats , i would have flipped . 
  you handled it well . 
  i would think that since you live in europe , you have met more greeks , spaniards and italians and everyone else then me , no ? 
  i live in nyc , so i meet all types of folks , and many of my friends are immigrants or first generation americans , from italy , russia , bosnia , hungary , india and scotland , among others . 
  has given me the opportunity for a lot of great food , and to learn a lot . 
  still , i would assume you would have more exposure to people from all over then me . 
  i did study abroad as well . 
  if they left out the bit about hard working germans , and lazy greeks , what grade would you give it ? 
  wow . 
  where in the us are you seeing roma ? 
  i mean i 've heard of the irish travellers , but have maybe seen 3 roma in 15 years of living in nyc . 
  one of them was begging with an infant !!, 
  pretty sure the cops dragged her away and put the kid in foster care that same day . 
  bloomberg is a business website , very few people who use it would ever be confused by it . 
  it is n't yahoo . 
  the video was taking a very complex issue and shrinking it down to a 12 minute time frame , and it was called `` visualizing the debt crisis , '' so it is going to use exaggerated imagery . 
  it was not meant to be a comprehensive documentary . 
  and i know it is not popular to say around here but maybe the generalizations have some truth to them . 
  i have two friends who are first generation americans , one italian , one greek . 
  they both have had family move here since the crisis ( legally and illegally ) ; the greeks said it is a sign of weakness to pay your taxes , and you will be seen as a fool if you do . 
  both the greek and italians talked about have to pay little bribes for everything . 
  they both described the situation in their countries as hopeless . 
  i dated a spanish girl for many years , she said the same of spain . 
  you also see it in the comments in / r/europe . 
  so i do n't think it is such a stretch to say there are massive social differences between northern and southern europe , and they just used simplified imagery to show that . 
  of course i am viewing it from a different viewpoint , and would not be aware of some connotations that were conveyed . 
  i would think some people would not like it because those specific images were not helpful in portraying a unified europe . 
   one of the reasons why irish banks had such large debts was because the interest rates , set by the european central bank were effectively negative , and out of line with what might have been sensible for an economy like ireland 's . 
  arguably , this was also not ireland 's fault because they did not choose these interest rates . 
  this is exactly the biggest problem with the euro . 
  i 'm not sure how there could be more than one rate from the ecb , or any other solution to it . 
  it 's just satire ... 
  i live in ny , and am a state worker . 
  i 'd say at least half of pensioners move to low tax , low cost of living states like north carolina , florida , etc. 
  it would be ridiculous for anyone to argue that those people were stealing from ny . 
  they put in the work , earned their pension , and can do as they wish . 
  one cool thing , in ny , state pension is exempt from state taxes . 
  no , i would not see that as `` taking '' from the uk , or doing anything wrong . 
  the principle of pension plans is not that you are putting away money into your pension account ( even if you are sent statements with an amount in your own account ) , it is a transfer system . 
  this means the working people now are paying for the retired people who are recieving benefits . 
  this is why it is disastrous that nothing has been changed to reflect longer life expectancies . 
  so you end up with way more people receiving benefits than had been planned for . 
  anyway , here is a decent article on it : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-05-16/death-derivatives-emerge-from-pension-risks-of-living-too-long.html, 
   a bust of said hungarian regent was just unveiled by the far-right party jobbik . 
  wow , that is just mind-blowing to me . 
  does this extend to american jews ? 
  i know there are many tour to budapest to see the jewish quarter . 
  so you are saying if americans stayed in really cheap hotels/hostels , they would be able to afford to travel to europe ? 
  that is true , i 've done it . 
  that is a lot of fun when you are 22 , but to go with your family , or as a 35 y/o , i do n't think that is a realistic option . 
  now , if more americans were a little more `` adventurous '' they could travel further east and have a quite reasonable vacation ( as i did so on a trip to croatia ) . 
  however , when most americans think of `` europe '' their first inclination is to go to western europe ; england , spain , france , etc. 
  etc. , all which are quite expensive . 
  you also have to realize that a lot of people do not live a major international airport , and are going to have to pay for the flight from wherever they live , to an airport that has flights to where they are going . 
  i 'm not going to deny that there are folks who think we have everything here , or ones that take the attitude `` i 'll go to europe after i see everything here . '', 
  but i think most of it is cost . 
  my wife and i were going to visit my friends in the uk last summer , but when we did the math , it would have came out to double the cost of the trip we ended up taking in the pacific nw . 
  another factor is that many americans get very little vacation time , and ca n't spare the travel time . 
  i also think travel is a higher priority for europeans , which is commendable . 
  you point about being able to go to canada , mexico and the caribbean is spot on . 
  the card you mentioned is for travel to those countries . 
  while your comment was not offensive , i just get tired of hearing about how americans have no passports , and do n't like to travel . 
  in europe it is easy and inexpensive to go through multiple countries in one day , we are far from everything . 
  we also do n't have the benefit of the commonwealth like canada . 
   since most americans are content to travel domestically . 
  or it is very expensive to travel to another country , especially if you have no interest in mexico or canada . 
  i love the word `` oblast . '', 
   it is customary to warn passing by cars about the police . 
  if you just drove past the police post or trap , flick your headlights briefly when you see an approaching vehicle , so they would know that they should slow down a bit . 
  you are some damn fine folks . 
  enjoy this article . 
   i just want to point out that germany does n't earn money by helping other countries fight wars this is the only line i disagree with . 
  in my mind , if you sell weapons to a country , you are helping them fight .
