  love me a flanders red . 
  rodenbach grand cru is a good mildy sour one . 
  they do n't call it bestonia for nothing . 
  many good breweries in wallonia as well , including trappists . 
  i 've had it , it 's awesome . 
  they 're mad at the whole world . 
  you some kind of internet tough guy ? 
  i have bosnian friends , i do n't see the guys kissing each other hello , that is why i asked . 
  men do this with each other ? 
  you just messed your pants talking about it , did n't you ? 
  dudes kiss each other hello ? 
  it says people want to know why it happened . 
  it is not so unreasonable . 
  hate defies logic . 
  some do . 
  my catalan ex hated `` spanish . '', 
  my friend married a catalan and they moved to the us ; she refuses to teach the kids spanish , even though her husband begs her too . 
  my maternal grandfather was of sicilian descent , but i did n't turn out like the guys in that picture . 
  guess 25 % is n't enough !, 
  i do n't know , that gold chain is n't nearly big enough . 
  must be poor slav . 
  wow , i see that folks with southern italian ancestry in new jersey have really kept the spirit of the homeland alive ... 
  what does first mean in dutch ? 
  fuzzy in french or english ? 
  most of us are pretty happy here ... 
  the more our standard of living goes up , the less we want kids . 
  goes for most humans . 
  and the people who do want kids are having less kids . 
  complaints about a tree ? 
  wow . 
  yes , but i thought the steam was kind of creepy , and the letters were peeling off the glass . 
  fine , the danes saved the danish jews . 
  i was at the holocaust memorial in boston today , it stated that the danish saved 99 % of danish jews . 
  if we gave them all the materiel , you never know . 
  their own industry could not do it though . 
  bro , you need to stop watching sheeplevision . 
  see , everyone thinks the beams were steel , but they were actually spaghetti . 
  so the fuel did n't burn the spaghetti , it just got it wet , and it softened , and boom . 
  linguininati confirmed . 
  the important thing is that we have a strong national identity . 
  china fits your example , with different languages , tibet , the uigers , etc. 
  wait what ? 
  usa has bigger cultural differences than europe ? 
  i can speak to almost any american , you do n't even use the same alphabet as greece . 
  i 'm guessing the economic differences are bigger in the eu too . 
  great , another spaghetti truther . 
  you guys saved all the jews and make awesome butter cookies . 
  happy now ? 
  i 'm sure your politicians are also keeping in mind the situation in russia , and do not want to threaten another supply of oil . 
  dear god that was a horrible show . 
  why would you watch that ? 
  i do n't even mean because torture or whatever , it just sucked !, 
  thanks for your awesome replies , very insightful . 
  yup . 
  as an nyc ` er , i 've learned i 've had to tone down the dryness and sarcasm when i go to other parts of the country , because people just do n't get it . 
  i 've horribly offended many ... 
  definitely not allowed for purchases here ( actually i never tried , so maybe ? 
  ) , but is often used to pay for rent , or to give a large amount of money to an individual person . 
  ah yes , that is standard , i have stacks of checks from 10 years ago . 
  as far as getting paid in checks , that is only until you give your bank account to your employer , than you get direct deposit . 
  i 'd say we only use checks for giving large amount to people , or gifts . 
  :-) yeah it 's a pretty great place . 
  i 'm getting close to 40 , and i 'm married , so it 's not as fun as it used to be for me . 
  but if you are an employed male in your 20s , it 's the greatest place ever . 
  just like americans can have a hard time telling if englishmen are sarcastic . 
  takes awhile to learn each others cultures . 
   11 ) checks as a payment method where?@?@!!, 
  i pay a guy for renting a parking spot with a check , but that is it . 
  i 've seen this a few time on / r/europe , i 'm genuinely curious . 
  if you move here , and intend to stay , you can indeed call yourself an american . 
  that 's all it takes . 
  you will never escape !, 
  the western europeans came here earlier on , since the late 1800s there have been more eastern europeans . 
  you ca n't tell because you are n't aware of the societies rules . 
  just like if i went to scandinavia i would think everyone is quiet assholes , yet i would remind myself that i just do n't know the culture . 
  also , i never hear anyone say people from the northeast are fake . 
  and i 'll say as a northeasterner , when i went to the south , they appeared very fake . 
  but again , i do n't really know the culture down there . 
  that really depends on where you are . 
  in new england for example , that would really be frowned upon . 
  it texas , it is less frowned upon . 
  can confirm the alicante bit , dated a girl from there for 5 years . 
  her parents were not allowed to speak catalan until they were in their 40s . 
  do you mean afghanistan 2001 ? 
  ah yes , you are of `` and four more . '', 
  you took down my hilarious post here : http://i.imgur.com/boo4yzk.jpg i still like you though . 
  i tell you what , you are right , i refer back to the below statement , which should hjave read `` ca n't '' say anything about nzaus . 
   also , i can say anything about nzaus , as i 've never been , but i just can not see radicals in large numbers happening in canada . 
  ok . go look in the uk post of this article , apparently you guys give them a hard time !, 
  were n't you a mod ? 
  that is true , anything with votes or being part of a concerted effort to affect voting , sure . 
  i just meant plain old stormfront nazi talk . 
  like i said , i might be biased from my own experiences , and i do not speak for any of the people in those 3 countries . 
  i do think you will see many comments from canadians on the source article , though admittedly i did not look through them . 
  i think ever since the english soldier was beheaded in the street , it has been on people 's radar over here , but it 's not going to be the first thing people come up with if you ask them about the eu . 
  plus , birmingham does n't have shit on bradford . 
  oh boy , pc police huh ? 
  i 'm sorry , but it is a is probably more likely that there will be more extremists of a religion present if there are more people of that religgion to be extreme in the first place . 
  but only if that religion has violent extremists . 
  secondly , why the wbc is awful , they do n't engage in attacks , nor do other christians , besides a few lone wolfs .
