  also , i find it reprehensible when people try to use racism and a tool to stifle the speech of others . 
  if someone is really spouting off nazi propaganda or something , the mods can deal with it . 
  but not perceived insults to the non-existent gibraltarian race . 
  i do not think you reported the posts , they would have been taken down . 
  you said i should be banned , that is all , you did not take any further steps . 
   if i insulted an african purely on the basis that he is african , i would be rightly considered racist . 
  ok , again i see you are completely misunderstanding rather basic concepts . 
  i was criticizing you for being a colonist , not because you happen to be located in gibraltar . 
  do you understand ? 
  colonist is not a racial status , perhaps it is a legal status . 
  i find israeli settlers reprehensible as well , but i am not antisemitic . 
  back your `` example , '' i 'm not even sure how hating a person who is from africa makes anyone racist . 
  if i do not like black sub-saharan africans , does that make me racist against northern africans of arab descent ? 
  i am a new yorker , i make fun of new jersians all the time , does that make me racist ? 
  i think a lot of your conflicts are based upon misunderstanding basic concepts that the majority of people you converse with take for granted . 
  edit : downvoters , share with me how this not relevant . 
  yes you did suggest i be banned . 
  as you know , i saved and pasted all your replies into mine , so if you want me to find them , i 'll repost them later . 
  with regard to your reply , you do n't know what to call some based on where they come from , i explained this whole concept to you in detail already . 
  you can go find that reply if you want . 
  i am more than welcome to criticize the english for maintaining a colony in spain , just as i am more than welcome to criticize spain for keeping colonies in morocco . 
  disagreeing with this does not make me racist . 
  is it racist every time someone criticizes a israeli settler ? 
  i 'm still not sure if you are a troll , or just do not understand basic concepts . 
   i do n't know another way to describe insulting someone based entirely on where they come from but maybe that 's just me . 
  it is just you . 
  edit : sp, 
  does this include the post you deleted in response to me ? 
  i 'm glad to see it is widely know that you bring nothing to the table and are a troll . 
  just in case anyone is interested , salvaxe said i was racist and should be banned from / r/europe because i do not particularly approve of the colony of gibraltar . 
  who knew gibraltarians were their own race !, 
  or it could just be that `` liberal '' has a different meaning here . 
  and if you hear anyone using the term `` communist-fascist-liberal , '' simply ignore them . 
  good comment here : http://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/1jpagi/whats_up_with_the_whole_gay_thing/cbh4hju?context=1, 
  french people are educated in france , they now ( theoretically ) put that education to work in germany . 
  i do n't really think that was the point of the eu , but that is what he meant . 
  omg . 
  that woman is a terrorist !!!, 
  she is subverting secular european values@!@!, 
  ban her from public places !, 
  just wanted to chime in and say you have made many great points . 
  i also find it very disturbing that someone actively calling for oppression is getting upvotes . 
  wow . 
  what are you trying to say here , she is n't american because she is muslim ? 
  that is ridiculous . 
  echelon has been public since the mid '90s , not sure why you would not think us/uk/ca / nz/aus would not be sharing everything . 
  i will admit i was surprised that we actually pay you guys to spy . 
  what , with the whole class thing ? 
  of course , politicians everywhere like to distract from real issues . 
  in the south we have religious freaks going on and on about gay marriage all the time . 
  there used to be many statutes against gay sex , but those were struck down by the supreme court as unconstitutional . 
  i 'm just saying to ban speech on gay issues sounds ludicrous to me . 
  but that is russia , and since this post is about belarus , it sounds more like they have cultural aversions to homosexuality , but have not enacted legislation about it . 
  for whatever reason , i find that more reasonable . 
  they were very nice to my friend . 
  i just saw something on the news about how russia may prosecute madonna and lady gaga for making pro-gay statements at concerts . 
  it just seems a bit crazy to me . 
  i can understand if they do n't want gay marriage , gays adopting , etc. , etc. , but to ban pro-gay speech ? 
  honestly , i am not informed enough on the topic to make atruly informed judgment , but it just seems nuts to me . 
  my friend married a russian girl , she is very nice and her family is very nice . 
  he has visited out there a few times , and was treated very well . 
  her father was high up in the party before the collapse , so i take it that she comes from a somewhat elite background . 
  according to him , society there is very bifurcated , with very well rounded , well mannered `` elites , '' and with quite rough , hard drinking folks . 
  it seemed to him that the lower class folks were very nationalistic . 
  i guess they would be like the ` murica types in the less educated regions of the us ... 
  but the thing that is really throwing me off about russia lately is the whole antigay movement . 
  would you know if that is gaining traction in belarus as well ? 
  1 potato , many photoshop . 
  are they pleasant and friendly to western europeans and americans ? 
  or do they share the russian distrust of us . 
  i have many clues . 
  it is n't limited to german politics , scapegoating is the cheapest form of political thought anywhere . 
  it 's almost like anti-americanism is populist pandering . 
  it appears / r/europe has bought it hook , line and sinker . 
  i have been called racist in / r/europe a couple of times for things i could not even fathom . 
  such as criticizing a guy from gibraltar for being a colonist . 
  maybe it was ignorant , maybe i had no valid point , but it was not racist . 
  he called me racist against gibraltarians !!, 
  he said i was a xenophobe and that i should be banned from this sub !, 
  it does not have too many similarities with blacks in the united states . 
  blacks were brought here as slaves against their will . 
  they have lived here for hundreds of years . 
  to the extent the are not `` assimilated , '' it is more from segregation ( whether by law , or just in practice ) . 
  they all speak english , while it may not be `` proper '' english , it is not `` broken '' english . 
  there are many well integrated and successful black people here . 
  i am an attorney in nyc , there are many , many successful black attorneys here . 
  my wife is an insurance executive , there are many successful black people in her office . 
  yes , there are impoverished and isolated black communities here , but it is not analogous to inviting guest workers who do not want to integrate , and then letting them stay forever . 
  edit : also , they are generally christian , and certainly culturally american . 
  agreed , i spent some time in hvar and split ( which were amazing ) . 
  i got so wasted on the ferry from split that i did n't realize i put my passport in a hidden pocket . 
  when it was time to leave , i could n't find it :-( so i had to go to zagreb to the embassy to get a new passport . 
  took 2 days so i walked most of the city , saw some churches , etc. 
  but not much going on . 
  one cool bit was that this was during the world cup , and i watched croatia play on a big screen in a square . 
  anyways , everyone was super nice and spoke perfect english . 
  i was in zagreb during the summer , it was n't too bad . 
  obviously not as nice to be in as split . 
  you can still get a burning permit a lot of places . 
  best smell ever .
