  i 'd be very happy if it turned out not to be true !!, 
  i 'm not a sweden basher , feel free to go through all my comments , i never really talk about sweden . 
  i just see the rebirth of a new anti-semitism in europe as the canary in the coal mine , it 's a red flag that things are getting out of control . 
  since wwii europe has bent over backwards for what happened with the nazis , but i feel like that has gotten swept aside because of the new arrivals . 
  feels like things are getting fertile for the right wing . 
  hopefully i 'm wrong . 
  electric fence-aloo !, 
  i 'm sure that vast majority of it is great , but as a person with a jewish background ( though no one usually can tell ) this makes me beyond uncomfortable . 
  to think that in 2015 there are places in europe where jews can not safely walk in insane !!, 
  you must be new here , there is n't anything surprising about the veracity of my comments . 
  i love it , they export a pretty huge selection over here . 
  not sure if i 've had belgian cheese . 
  i eat a lot of dutch cheese ... do n't hate me . 
  have some smoked gouda waiting for me at home !, 
  uh , no . 
  besides westvleteren , i can get all your beers here , and i ca n't think of any other compelling reason to move there . 
  it 's wrong . 
  there are more canadians claiming asylum in belgium because those are quebecois who were traumatized on vacation to france . 
  apparently the french find the quebecois accent as beyond ridiculous and openly mock visiting quebecois . 
  this really screws with their heads , since they thought they were going to be welcomed with open arms by the homeland . 
  unable to return to quebec and suffer through all the clearly misplaced francophilia , they flee to the one place on earth where fake french are welcomed , wallonia . 
  i do n't think that is how it works . 
  that 's all you know bub . 
  the fact you did n't mention the beer proves it . 
  you brought such gifts to the congo , you ca n't ignore it now . 
  we have 10 times more people than canada , but only one more asylum seeker ... hmmm . 
  seinfeld is big in romania ? 
  yay, 
  sorry bout that . 
  resubbed it . 
  that is very , very unusual , and pretty unfair . 
  dude , i went to law school , and we had very affordable insurance through the school . 
  you telling me that you did not have that option ? 
  i do n't know if i 'd say it 's not the case for a majority . 
  the majority with insurance gets amazing care ( like myself ) . 
  is that the case in bavaria ? 
  i think fullers esb is one of the greatest beers on earth . 
  you have lost your way son !, 
  what about a post where a frenchmen asked / r/europe to explain bernie sanders ? 
  it 's a shame / r/shiteuropesays is n't really a thing , because that was classic . 
  you are now banned for agenda pushing . 
  please report to gulag 17 immediately . 
  you are now banned from / r/turkey . 
  you like belgian lager more than a bitter ? 
  what kind of englishman are you ? 
  you must have gotten these ideas after seeing how civilized we are in / r/nyc . 
  some of people hunt with mosins , but they definitely replace the sights . 
  the french police/politicians tolerate these people attacking regular people 's cars ? 
  like a family with kids ?? 
  that was great . 
  he did n't even realize how it would sound ... 
  i own a bunch of commie guns ( mosin/sks/mak -90 ) , but moslty just for fun . 
  i keep them in a safe which is hidden in a closet . 
  when i was a teenager , i just left them all over my room . 
  that was really dumb . 
  no , it 's way crazier , since mexicans do n't disrespect women and demand that we change everything for them . 
  we have a winner . 
  well , you speak more than one language , so you have that going for you . 
  come on , that was a joke about frenchies ... 
  i thought he was greek ? 
  fucking tyler , could people stop with that ? 
  and parker . 
  fuck all the parkers in the ear . 
  that is bound to get sticky . 
  do n't tell sweden . 
  happy is n't so bad , it it ? 
  that dude is freakin me out . 
  they used to be offended ? 
  do ukrainian sheep not say baaa ? 
  i barely drink red wine anymore , but there are plenty of good riojas . 
  my ex brought me a 1986 reserva . 
  besides using your own alphabet/language , does being a registered minority mean anything ? 
  so japanese people can use their characters ? 
   much of that bulk wine shipped to france was then bottled , marked up , and resold as a french product . 
  that 's legal ? 
  the norwegians confiscate the bikes because they are n't up to safety standards ... 
  if i wrote `` bbbywyywywyyyyyyyyyywwwwwwww '' no one would have gotten the joke ... 
  canada uses british spellings . 
  though i 've met canadians a bunch of times , and i had no idea they were canadian for hours . 
  the ones in southern ontario sound just like people in upstate ny . 
  i wonder if there are any other countries in the world where they ca n't tell each other apart like that . 
  first of all , i would never downvote someone who 's native language is not english for grammar . 
  i only speak one language , and i make grammatical errors in it . 
  is there an actual far right movement in czechia ? 
  i 've never heard anything about that . 
  that 's totally a marketing term , rare earth elements are n't that rare . 
  you first . 
  do n't let those brits fool you , they still use plenty of imperial . 
  and after they leave the eu , it 's coming back big time . 
  i know , i 'm just saying it 's a sad state of affairs when even the `` in '' crowd thinks the eu is a mess . 
  teach me your ways , oh wise one . 
   i do think the eu needs a complete rethink and reorganisation this is hardly a ringing endorsement . 
  i do n't have time for silly things like verification , just like w bush . 
  sorry , we are self sufficient with energy these days . 
  how do i do upside down letters ? 
  zed . 
  is that the company you want to keep ? 
  india ? 
  if you see `` baaa '' next to it , it 's welsh . 
  you get that off trump 's website ?
