  with the exception of the monarchy ( and not just the uk monarchy , i am against all of them ) , i am very much an anglophile . 
  i lived there , http://www.bbc.com/news/ is my homepage and i very much admire the uk 's tolerance , especially when compared to the more ethno-nationalist countries in the region . 
  i also understand more reasonable aspects of euroskepticism in the uk , most prominently would be the decision to stay outside of the euro . 
  i think that really would have threatened london 's economic primacy . 
  having control of your own currency is important when you are the hub for international finance . 
  when there is international demand for your own currency , i 'm not sure why you would give that up . 
  sure , it was great for greece and spain and the like . 
  while i do n't disagree with you , i 've learned not to make any comparisons with the us as far as being open to diversity , or by stating we are a large country . 
  it always derails the thread into a shitshow . 
  also , every country had idiots in it . 
  no need to be so touchy . 
  it is hard to convey context in a short text comment , but i assure you that my friend was making a joke , whilst using common language . 
  he very much felt the uk had it 's own identity , outside of a common `` european '' identity . 
  to use the texas analogy in this thread , you 'd never hear a texan say `` i 'm not american , i 'm texan . '', 
  he was , in fact saying he considered the uk different from the continent . 
  not that he lives on an island off the continent . 
  again , he was making a joke , he was not organizing a bnp rally . 
  what is interesting about that , in terms of comparisons with london , is that london is everything to the uk . 
  it is the seat of the national government , it is the financial center , it is the cultural center and it is the biggest population center . 
  the london metro area is almost 20 % of the uk population . 
  nyc is not the political capital ( not even of ny state !, 
  ) , it is not the entertainment capital , it is not the tech capital . 
  it is the media and financial capital . 
  only 1 in 16 americans lives in the nyc metro area . 
  taken from that perspective , i find it impressive that nyc is toe to toe with london . 
  now , now . 
  do n't be mean . 
  unlike other european nations however , the british have a sense of inclusiveness in their identity , and are largely more tolerant of differences . 
  i think this is the uk 's biggest strength . 
   most people do n't realise that many in the uk do n't even necessarily understand themselves to be european . 
  i learned this on my second day of living in london . 
  i commented to a british friend that i was surprised that speed limit signs were in mph , because i thought every country in europe used metric . 
  the retort i was treated to was `` sir , we are not european , we are british . '', 
  which in retrospect , was hilarious . 
  this was not from some stuffy tory , but from a borderline socialist nhs employee . 
  ouch, 
  it 's funny , in the 80 's it was listed as one of the three world cities . 
  but now there are only two . 
  i tell you what , you are right that the media profile might be down a bit from the 90s . 
  of course my friend just got back from shanghai , and said it pisses on london and nyc , so who knows . 
  i live in nyc , you are imagining things . 
  la has lost so much relevance . 
  this is not to say there are not more great cities than there used to be , or whatever . 
  but i think nyc and london are in a league of their own . 
  maybe tokyo is up there too , never been myself . 
  yup . 
  no zones . 
  i always thought it sucked to charge poor people living far away from the city center more . 
  better public transportation than nyc ? 
  clearly the folks that authored this were never booted off the tube at midnight , because the pub closed a short time prior !, 
  it was the front . 
  luckily it never happened , so far . 
  read red storm rising by tom clancy to see how nato v. warsaw pact could have went off with very limited nuclear exchanges . 
  love that book . 
  they still build new ones ? 
  i have no doubt that is entirely possible for immigrants from the uk . 
  from france , i do n't know . 
  i met an algerian girl who immigrated there , and she felt like she has no future there was was discriminated against . 
  but that is just an anecdote i suppose . 
  just saw your edit . 
  while in general , we do select people from a higher strata ( generally using hi-b visas , to suppress wages . 
  you may even have one ) , in the case of refugees , this is not the case . 
  my bosnian friend came from a lower class family that lost everything in the war . 
  another example would be all the somali immigrants that we brought over here too ( who are incidentally the worst case of integration in the whole country ) . 
  the indian families were well off , all of them were engineers and doctors . 
  if you are a human rights refugee fleeing from an awful situation , you will be allowed in . 
  i do n't think it is completely untrue that the poorest immigrant can be very successful . 
  i literally gave you one example . 
  another one that comes up here in nyc are taxi owners ; i 've met a bunch who moved from the stans with nothing , and now own multiple taxi medallions ( over $ 1m ) each . 
  they are very eager to tell you their story . 
  now does that mean every immigrant is going to be very successful ? 
  but with what has been going on in the country for the past 10 years or so , i think it is going to be very hard for a lot of people , not just immigrants . 
  the insane student loan debt and crappy job market are preventing people who grew up middle class from becoming middle class themselves . 
  so people are not buying house , cars or having kids because they have too much debt . 
  a lot of people are going to be worse off than their parents were . 
  very informative . 
  so basically you get illegal islamic immigrants like we do with mexicans . 
  canada and the us are very good at integration/assimilation . 
  i have a bosniak friend who moved here in 2000 as a young refugee ( she survived the srebrenica massacre ) . 
  she came here speaking no english at all . 
  14 years later she managed to get a scholarship to a very good college , and now has a very good job at a fortune 200 company . 
  she says every day she is more americanized , and she knows if she has kids , they will be 100 % americanized . 
  so funny what you say about non-white americans calling themselves american , of course they are american !, 
  you have reminded me of a few incidents when i studied in london in the late 90s . 
  there were two americans of indian descent in our group , and some french/italians and maybe some other continentals could not comprehend that they were american , and insulted them ( inadvertently i hope ) a few time . 
  these students were 100 % americanized , no accent , born here , dressed like all the other americans . 
  but these continental europeans would occasionally ask `` what are you . '', 
  they would answer `` american , '' just to be followed by `` no , you are n't american , are you indian , or pakistani ? '', 
  these people were n't implying that these 2 students did not live in america , they were implying that since they were brown , they must consider themselves indian first . 
  that was quite eye-opening to me . 
  no brits ever made comments like that though . 
  we do n't have ethno-nationlism here ( unless you are talking about a few extremists in the woods of idaho ) , and feel that anyone can become american . 
  most americans will get teary eyed when they hear that someone has immigrated here with nothing , and made a success of themselves . 
  when i hear my bosnian friend 's story about fleeing genocide , it reminds me that my family moved here in the 1800s to escape pogroms and abuse in eastern europe and vienna . 
  i would be a hypocrite to criticize my friend . 
  and yes , the tea party is our far right . 
  where are you living in the us ? 
  ( feel free to be as general as you want ) why did you come here , a job ? 
  you have a very good point . 
  and i 'm sure these folks who want some political role for islam are particularly offensive in secularist france .
