  i 'm guessing these folks are n't too kind to the euro natives either . 
  how would some kids know you are american if you are just riding a bike ? 
  that depends who you are , does n't it ? 
   because they are really stylish !!!, 
  lol, 
  where did this happen ? 
  ford is now pursuing global cars . 
  the focus , fiesta and new mustang are examples of this . 
  it 's a smart strategy . 
  obviously this does not go for their trucks , or large suvs . 
   then we have a nice mix of muslims that like to yell `` fuck america '' or `` death to israel '' when you are talking on the phone in english with an american accent . 
  any reply from you ? 
  france and the uk charged you too . 
  us and uk also share the common law . 
  not many of us even have much knowledge of the civil law . 
  that is an important similarity . 
  we also did n't want to undermine the monroe doctrine . 
  elephants eat peanuts !, 
  monkeys eat peanuts ? 
  here is my story : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4qfnew/irish_fans_to_be_given_award_by_the_mayor_of/d4u9n91, 
  it 's not even anything against dublin . 
  i enjoyed the view from the guinness brewery , and had an awesome time watching rugby at a craft beer bar . 
  it 's just that everyone where else had so much charm , and driving the countryside was breathtaking . 
  10/10 , will go back . 
  one example was in a very nice suburb of galway . 
  we walked out of our hotel towards a seafood restaurant at the end of the street , and a lady walking her dog starts chatting to us . 
  so the lady asked how our visit was going , and i asked how the seafood joint was , and she said good . 
  so we go in , and there is a 2 hour wait , and we leave . 
  the lady outside sees us again , and asks why we left , we tell her . 
  so she says `` i know a great italian place up the road , and i know the owner , i 'll walk you there . '', 
  told her she did n't have to do that , but we would go there . 
  so she sets off with her dog . 
  so we get to the place , and she is standing by the door , and goes in with us and tells the owner `` these are my friends visiting from ny , you need to take good care of them . '', 
  and she left . 
  and they did take very good care of us , and i met a guy at the bar who met his wife 10 minutes from where we live . 
  crazy . 
  everyone was great . 
  met one asshole on the whole trip , he was english . 
  is it enforced elsewhere ? 
  i went up north , spent the day in belfast , then donegal . 
  no offense to dublin , but next time i go to ireland , i 'm not even spending a night there . 
  the countryside is to amazing to miss . 
  pretty much the nicest people i ever met . 
  complete strangers doing favors for me all the time . 
  and they knew the entire nyc metro in extreme detail . 
  crazy to go to an island thousands of miles away , and people know the tiny town you are from . 
  fuck yes , galway kicks ass . 
  no , i mean everyone born here commits more crime than immigrants . 
  i had a good article for you , but i closed it . 
  will send it later . 
  perhaps i read to much into a still photo . 
  it 's xenophobia . 
  they beat albanians in italy ? 
  in the us , natives have higher rates of criminality than immigrants . 
  they were all bad . 
  i guess a video would be more illustrative for people like me who are n't familiar ... 
  not sure , but they have plenty of shit-taking streets . 
  people resent the federal government , but outright would freak out at ceding power to a supranational entity . 
  a lot . 
  impressively childish . 
   personally , i 'd be horrified if any country that called itself democratic held a referendum and then ignored it because they disagreed with the results like greece did after their bailout referendum . 
  yeah , but those are `` illegals . '', 
  right on . 
  as far as foreign policy goes , she is bush lite . 
  he literally said that . 
  it is n't meant to be taken seriously , it 's a humor piece . 
  this is exactly the example i use to explain to people here who do n't know much about brexit . 
  `` imagine half of mexico moving here , and the us having no legal ability to stop it . '', 
  greek is being actively raped and has no tools to do anything about it . 
  like the us and japan , the uk retains control of it 's monetary system . 
  never hold your weapon by the magazine . 
  yeah , with ridiculously cringeworthy speeches by the us president . 
  we have tons of our own oil , the invasion would be purely recreational . 
  btw , i take it back . 
  i totally forgot that the ny post ( also a murdock paper ) uses dr. who for gun control awareness , and james bond for forest fire prevention . 
  hell , the soviets had no mercy on loyal red army fighters who were captured . 
  lol , it must be hard to be that bitter . 
  good luck . 
  if you do n't see the irony of jingoistic british newspapers using a reference to an american movie built on the premise of beating aliens was just like when the us told king george to go fuck himself , you probably do n't see much . 
  130,000 troops , wow . 
  guess that depends if the tube has wifi . 
  that was one of my favorite parts about living in the uk . 
  very sad . 
  they used a slightly adapted poster from a movie where the us military saves the world from aliens . 
  the sun could have done better . 
  and in tbe context of that ( insanely stupid ) movie , i 'm pretty sure they were referencing the american declaration of independence from britain . 
  so no , i 'm not fascinated at all . 
  would have been a good day to invade . 
  some of the papers have boobies in them , so there 's that . 
  the uber patriotic sun using an american movie named after an american holiday when we seceded from britain ? 
  irony or stupidity ? 
  not everybody was as cooperative as the french . 
  not to mention , hitler thought slavs were animals and did not trust them to collaborate . 
  there was no puppet government in poland , there was direct nazi rule . 
  would have been the same in ussr . 
  same goes for american jews . 
  a lot of them think it would be insane to live in europe after the holocaust , and today with the rising anti-semitism by muslims and the far right . 
  it 's just going to get torched anyway . 
  isis makes russian and british hooligans look bad . 
  respect me in the ass big boy .
