  from over here , this just looks like complete insanity . 
  people calling for other people 's death ? 
  do you plan to stay in ukraine long term ? 
  animals, 
  i have no insight at all . 
  it just strikes me as odd that he would say `` oh yeah , there is no actual oppression , just rhetoric . '', 
  i never claimed to have insight , or extra information . 
  and i meant it might not seem like a big deal to a russian jew , not to you . 
  none . 
  my issue is n't that he is inaccurate , my issue is that he says `` oh , it 's just rhetoric . '', 
  granted , if you are used to hearing this stuff all the time , may not seem like a big deal . 
  seems shitty to me though . 
  and i 'm an american jew , and i think this sounds like a black guy defending the kkk because they have n't hung anyone lately . 
  they really have you beat down good , huh ? 
  uh , yeah , that was a joke about canadians missing the cold . 
  yes , that is true , but i 'm talking about in the context of a social gathering . 
  you ca n't just ask other people how much money they make , would lead to resentment . 
  i 'm a professional alcoholic , and we do not put ice in wine !, 
  these people must be homesick canadians . 
  i live in nyc , and work in a famous building that is on tv all the time . 
  european tourists ask me questions almost every single day , and i like helping them . 
  what is so hard about that ? 
  we do not put ice in wine or beer , but yes for every other cold drink . 
   that 's a good attitude to have . 
  i will never understand american openness about how much they earn . 
  if you are an adult , it is very , very , very rude to talk about salary . 
  if you are working at mcdonalds , maybe not . 
  i have no clue how much money any of my friends make . 
  they really are super nice , and will give you lots and lots of food . 
  they are super nice !, 
  lol , i 'm an nyc ` er and we always say `` how are ya , '' `` how you doin , '' etc. , which you are supposed to reply with a 1 word answer . 
  when i 've gone out to the west coast , people would reply with short stories , so i stopped saying it out there . 
  visiting ireland this summer , i promise to give only 1 word answers to such questions . 
  i went a few years ago , great time . 
  enjoy !, 
  i know , it 's terrible . 
  you probably would n't get made fun of here . 
  i read this comment in america , you have committed a criminal act . 
  your ip has been traced , and drones are on the way to liberate you . 
  yeah , i 've been reading up on the mercantalist thing for awhile now . 
  unfortunatley for germany it is going to backfire . 
  they would be better off letting greece limp along and keep the model going . 
  no one knows what is going to happen should greece actually default . 
  europe sleepwalks into disaster once again . 
  if the ecb was a lender of last resort , there would be options . 
  it 's almost like austerity does n't cause growth . 
  it would have been more diplomatic to apologize , i agree . 
  i probably should not have sunk to his level , he is making ridiculous comments throughout the thread . 
  in any event , the fbi director misspoke . 
  have you ever engaged in public speaking ? 
  it happens sometimes . 
   6 on your side asked the director tuesday if he had an apology for his remarks regarding poland 's involvement in the holocaust . 
  for the first time , he responded , but he did n't have an apology . 
   `` i do n't . 
  except i did n't say poland was responsible for the holocaust . 
  in a way i wish very much that i had n't mentioned any countries because it 's distracted some folks from my point , '' he said . 
  `` i worry a little bit in some countries that point has gotten lost . 
  there is no doubt that people in poland heroically resisted the nazis , and some people heroically protected the jews , but there 's also no doubt that in every country occupied by the nazis , there were people collaborating with the nazis . '' http://wate.com/2015/04/21/fbi-director-during-knoxville-visit-attempts-to-clarify-controversial-remarks-about-polands-involvement-in-the-holocaust/, 
  i wonder if there is a press release of the speech , and if obama read it as it exactly as it was put in front of him . 
  if so , that is not so great , if he simply jumbled words up , then i do not think it 's a huge deal . 
  i get why poles would be mad , but these posters are really over the top , and in poor taste . 
  yes , more anti-nazi posters . 
  it was obviously a mistake . 
  get over it . 
  or have fun making more nazi posters . 
  which ever you want . 
  it 's not commonly used!@!, 
  ugh , we ca n't win . 
  comments from germans all the time that we call them nazis , and now comments from poles that we call them nazis . 
  there have been unfortunate mistakes , but no one here thinks the poles were running concentration camps . 
  [ deleted not nice comment ], 
  you are hilarious . 
  jokes about poles being stupid was an american tradition until the '90s or so . 
  comments like these may bring them back !, 
  carry on !, 
  so you are telling me that he did n't simply misspeak , but at a ceremony to honor a polish resistance member , he intentionally wanted to convey that poles were killing the jews ? 
  oh wow , every european knows their history ? 
  it 's funny , because i seem to see a lot of disagreement in / r/europe on the facts . 
  how can i tell which european is right ?!?!?!, 
  source ? 
  comey misspoke by naming poland and hungary , but there were nazi collaborators in every country . 
  he was addressing that issue ( and yes , i know about all the poles that hid jews and fought nazi 's ) . 
  http://wate.com/2015/04/21/fbi-director-during-knoxville-visit-attempts-to-clarify-controversial-remarks-about-polands-involvement-in-the-holocaust/ i do n't blame poles about being upset with his comments though . 
  as for picking a random internet comment , really ? 
  it especially makes sense to put these signs in the us . 
  people here would just do a `` wtf . '', 
  do n't waste your money . 
  there are holocaust memorials all over the place here , actual jews living here , and this history is taught extensively in public schools . 
  no one thinks the poles were running the camps , though there might have been unfortunate instances of them being called polish death camps because they were in poland . 
  still , that would mean nazi run camps on polish territory . 
  true , with the gaming insanity . 
  then i stand corrected . 
  reap some karma with this . 
  well , there is greece , mh17 , uk referendum and fighting over migrants ... but it 's still worth a try . 
  nighty night , brashkie !, 
  it 's a security issue . 
  greece is in a very strategic location , we do n't want them getting close with russia , and we want decreased dependence on russian gas . 
  you prevert !, 
  oh geez , that 's right . 
  shameful .
