  you are a funny fella . 
  i enjoyed this comment ( and our prior discourse ) . 
  it really is not the same . 
  a rich person is not in line to become the legal ruler , and head of state of a country , nor is he provided with estates and incomes from that country . 
  i will literally throw a party for that . 
  or at least drink a glass of sangria or a rioja . 
  he has no point , as i was referring to legal equality , i expressly said that we are not actually all equal . 
  and i think your chance of being born a noble would be much , much , much less than 1 % . 
  edit : i as only referring to current monarchies , not those of the past . 
  i guess i should have asked , if scotland becomes independent , would the queen still be the head of state for scotland ? 
  if so , would it be like with canada , new zealand and australia ? 
  i could totally understand wanting to keep the current queen until her passing , and then abolishing it . 
  with prince charles on they way ... and come on , i know you do n't mean us republicans !, 
  yeah , but those people are insane freaks who do not care about the constitution . 
  though it should be noted his father was not a a us citizen , maybe they were trying to argue that . 
  pay no attention to those people . 
  i think anyone who has been a citizen for 35 years should be eligible to be president . 
  this is very interesting to me . 
  in the late 90s i studied in london , and dated a girl from the alicante region . 
  she was catalan , and hated the central spanish state , and anyone from madrid . 
  her parents were very angry ( understandably ) about not being able to speak catalan under franco . 
  so i learned all about this stuff , and always had a feeling that madrid was forcefully holding a group of people together that did n't really want to be together . 
  at that time , basque separatism was more active i believe . 
  anyway , in a way i 'm not surprised this stuff is happening , though i never in a million years would have guessed that there would be a vote for scottish independence . 
  did n't see that one coming !, 
  that person would not be excluded ( this actually applies to texas senator ted cruz , who i hope never even runs !, 
  ) , because they would be an american citizen . 
  only applies to someone who had to be naturalized . 
  totally valid point ( they are a great fam btw , when i was alone in london for christmas 1998 , they took me in ) . 
  since i 've been going on about the queen , would i be correct in assuming that the queen is not very popular with independent minded scots ? 
  are you pro independence ? 
  i have a close friend who is a first generation american , his mother moved here from scotland in 1965 . 
  if he donated money to the cause of independence , do you think that is wrong ? 
  he still has family there , and visits often . 
  you know what is funny ? 
  i studied in london in ' 98 , and i could n't believe the whole house of lords bit . 
  i found that more distasteful than the queen . 
  apparently some of my notions are outdated , though i was aware of the act of ' 99 . 
  and i just meant tax breaks , etc. , for nobility , not access to serfs !, 
  do you think there is any significant change the nation of spain will fragment ? 
  i do n't mean war or anything ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural-born-citizen_clause the constitution does not define the phrase natural-born citizen , and various opinions have been offered over time regarding its precise meaning . 
  a 2011 congressional research service report stated that : the weight of legal and historical authority indicates that the term `` natural born '' citizen would mean a person who is entitled to u.s. citizenship `` by birth '' or `` at birth '' , either by being born `` in '' the united states and under its jurisdiction , even those born to foreign parents ; by being born abroad to u.s. citizen-parents ; or by being born in other situations meeting legal requirements for u.s. citizenship `` at birth '' . 
  such term , however , would not include a person who was not a u.s. citizen by birth or at birth , and who was thus born an `` alien '' required to go through the legal process of `` naturalization '' to become a u.s. citizen, 
  how about this ? 
  https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m8!1m3!1d3!2d-73.804424!3d40.792266!2m2!1f273.48!2f89.89!4f75!2m9!1e1!2m4!1sppddesull5pdos1s-76gxq!2e0!9m1!6s157th+street!5m2!1sppddesull5pdos1s-76gxq!2e0&amp;fid=5 it is just ugly and out of place . 
  nice !, 
  i did n't get my full proposal in that comment . 
  my requirement would be that you have to have been an american citizen for 35 years . 
  if some great person could n't run for president because he was born somewhere else , and moved here and became a citizen at age 5 , i do n't think he should be barred . 
  they do n't get any benefits besides being called nice names ? 
  mind if i ask you an unrelated question ? 
  how is the catalan situation viewed in the basque country ? 
  is there support for them ? 
  has it reinvigorated call for independence among the basques ? 
  i am starting to get the feeling that the spanish monarchs are the worst of the lot ... 
  do you support other nobility ( barons , etc. 
  ) , who do not really participate in the functions that the queen and her family serve ? 
  do n't you think it was a bit short sighted not to groom george vi as well ? 
  heirs can die too . 
  but i guess that is neither here nor there . 
  i did say that i wanted to donate to the spanish republicans , for a few reasons . 
  firstly , i dated a catalan girl for a long time , who hated the spanish royal family . 
  and it turns out they are a bunch of corrupt thieves , who do not bring dignity or unity ( i mean shooting elephants when you country has 50 % youth unemployment ? ), 
  to that nation . 
  so i admit i feel stronger on that monarchy than others , and thus would actively want to do something . 
  would i donate to uk republicans ? 
  most likely not . 
  i lived in london , its a free country , most people support the queen . 
  are the scottish as supportive of her ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it may even be driving the independence move somewhat . 
  that being said , i still have a philosophical issue with it . 
  i do not think humans should be born into a legally recognized status , besides that of citizen ( this is besides any perceived benefit to the country ) . 
  just as it was wrong in the us to have people born into the status of slave . 
  in this statement , i 'm not only discussing the high royal family , but the nobility as well . 
  as where one can claim that the queen and her family do confer benefits , i fail to see what benefits random barons and so forth bring to the table . 
  to me , it also seems strange to have the essence of a country embodied in a human being , and her line of descendants . 
  i would like to go on at more length , but i have to catch up on some work :-(, 
  this is a fact that i can not , and do not deny . 
  it is really disgusting . 
  we managed to overcome this in the gilded age , when teddy roosevelt came to power , and i hope we can again . 
  of course this does not change my opposition to royalty . 
  funny thing about teddy roosevelt , he was placed in the role of vice president to keep him away from meddling with the elite ( that he was a part of ) , and only came to power when an anarchist assassinated president mckinley . 
  i do find the belgian royalty perplexing , sinces they are walloons who apparently speak flemish with an accent ( if flemish redditors are to be believed ) . 
  are they a force for unity ? 
  over here , i would not say they are usually born into privilege , though it happens ( bushes , fdr ) , but look at obama , clinton , reagan , truman , carter , etc. 
  what happens here is that these people become co-opted into the elite when they enter ivy league schools . 
  now if you are talking about current european limited monarchies , i suppose i see not much of an issue with what you are saying . 
  i assume you saw the king 's speech ; there was a man who was truly not cut out to be a king , but besides as functioning as an appeal to wartime unity , he could not do much harm . 
  so they worked with him , and handed him speeches to read to the people . 
  even though he was born , and groomed for this type of thing , it was a challenge for him . 
  again , i philosophically still find it wrong , but it is not materially harming the uk anyway . 
  edit : just saw you were talking about the current limited model , apologies . 
  redditing and work do not mix !, 
  honestly , i very strongly disagree with that . 
  idealistically , i think the people should decide who is in the ruling class , even though that is n't usually the way it works . 
  certainly very reasonable views , we just differ slightly . 
  i 'm personally trying to get away from the idea of nationalism myself , so i think people should be able to support causes they support in another country . 
  perhaps they should not get involved in supporting a specific person running for office , that would be too invasive .
