  well , nyc has always had old school burger places , and my grandmother would always take us to them . 
  so i 've loved burgers , but more the old school places . 
  that being said , last night i had a bunch of beers out with my friends and then we hit shake shack , and it was fucking awesome !!!, 
  but i look at the new places as fast food , only a few times a year . 
  mmm , poop, 
  well it 's not like i 'm going to say anything to a complete stranger for drinking one of those beers . 
  i suppose i ca n't say it 's objectively bad beer , since taste is subjective , but if i want a super lite beer , i 'm going for a mexican macro ( corona , tecate , etc. ), 
  those are light and refreshing without a bad aftertaste . 
  i understand that is probably not available in europe . 
  and yes , unless you are familiar with many styles , craft beer is a gamble . 
  that 's why i like going to a good beer bar , the bartenders taught me so much . 
  i used to drink only miller high life , and randomly went into a beer bar in the bronx and got a duvel green at the suggestion of the bartender , and it was amazing . 
  never looked back . 
  but i do understand what you are saying about beer douches , but ( here anyway ) the arrogance towards macrodrinkers has calmed down . 
  i actually saw by far the worst example of a beer snob by an english guy in a bar bar in galway , it was the worst cringe i 've ever seen . 
  he was interrogating people , people who chose to go to the best craft bar in town , my wife was wretching . 
  i swore then i 'd never be like that guy , in irl anyway . 
  good to know . 
  as a person obsessed with wwi and beer , belgium is on my list !, 
  i did the architrectual boat tour in chicago , amazing . 
  great city, 
  did you do the architectural cruise in chicago ? 
  amazing . 
  that 's why i like this sub :-), 
  i found them pretty underwhelming :-(, 
  ha , that hardly makes you an idiot , it 's confusing . 
  relax with the self loathing . 
  i 've had many euro friends visit nyc , they have a great time . 
  they 've also loved boston . 
  two reasons right there . 
  [ 16.8 % ] ( http://shmaltzbrewing.com/beer/jewbelation-20/ ) bam . 
  had that last night , amazing !, 
  the owner of the brewery was randomly at a bar i was at in the city . 
   here 's your 9 % holybrew served in a medieval chalice , now sip it quietly in the corner . 
  so if i go to belgium , i 'm not going to get to talk beers with the locals ? 
   shure they do . 
  i think the 40 + dudes are the ones who are most into craft beer . 
  and pulled pork on the weber grill and whatever else is the latest fad . 
  craft beer , pulled pork and weber , sounds like home . 
  doh , i 'm hungover from drinking 18 % sours yesterday . 
  lol . 
  i 'm not really sure how anyone can say that all beer from any country is all bad . 
  it 's a ridiculous statement . 
  denmark has mikkeller . 
  yum yum, 
  i visited , it was beautiful . 
  though donegal had my favorite landscapes . 
  i would die before i defend any pisswater , regardless of what country its from . 
  that 's what you need to realize , there is pissbeer everywhere , i saw more coors light and bud in ireland than i see here . 
  does n't mean that ireland does n't also have amazing beer there . 
  all pisswater lagers on earth suck , stay away from them . 
  no offense , but you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  we are not limited to ipas in this country , if you ca n't stand ipas , that 's fine , go get a sour or any other the other countless styles . 
  no , i must have missed that one ... 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  you put french beer as better than american ? 
  nothing against the french , but it must be hard for you to hate yourself so much . 
  the ship thing is an old wives tale , it just became a popular style to export . 
  if you say american beer sucks , you know nothing about beer . 
  meh , that was like 8 years ago . 
  now it 's all about sours . 
  any decent beer bar i go to has tons of styles available . 
  there are plenty of very good lagers out there , both `` craft '' and longstanding beers ( like weihenstephaner original ) . 
  it 's the pisswater like bud light , heini , carlsberg , etc. , that are rightfully hated . 
  yep, 
  are all the eastern euros crying about solidarity over visas here ? 
  where is your solidarity on this ? 
  wow , fucking garbage . 
  that is also part of the policy , the president has wide discretion . 
  there may very well be non-public reasons , though obviously i would not know what those are . 
  what i suggested was how the eu should address the matter . 
  the eu would be right to insist that the us follows its own law , which bases visa waiver on percentage of people who overstay . 
  well i agree with you that it should be based on data , but i suppose there must be other considerations as well . 
   portugal and hungary overstays significantly more often than both poland and hungary ? 
  a lot of them have been staying here since the 70s , i 'm not sure they are going to turn up in the new info . 
  there are large numbers of illegal irish here . 
  exactly what i 'm worried about . 
  maybe the guards are trained how to read the answers ? 
  i do n't know . 
  with the russia stuff getting worse , let 's hope he wo n't be around so much longer . 
  ha , so then we can fix this . 
  in 1984 i was going niagra falls with my parents and brother , i was just a kid . 
  we were driving our car with ny plates , and the gaurd asked where we were from , and my mom said `` russia . '', 
  they searched our car :-( that was dumb of her . 
  in 2000 , a bunch of kids i know where denied entry at the quebec/ny crossing off the thruway because they had convictions for minor assault and dwi . 
  i think those canadians made the right choice !, 
  yes !!!, 
  if we just hated the eu and all europeans , everyone would get a visa . 
  instead , it 's just the countries who overstay a lot . 
  come on man , this has been beaten to death in this sub . 
  ireland $ 55k gdp per cap , bulgaria $ 6300 gdp per cap . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union#economies_of_member_states for the us :  per capita real gdp by state in 2014 . 
  per capita real gdp ranged from a high of $ 66,160 in alaska to a low of $ 31,551 in mississippi . 
  per capita real gdp for the u.s. was $ 49,469 . 
  https://www.bea.gov/newsreleases/regional/gdp_state/gsp_newsrelease.htm poorest us state makes half of richest , poorest eu country makes 15th of richest on average . 
  the fella is saying `` if the us requires visas for poles , we must all require visas for americans . '', 
  that is what would screw ireland . 
  i 've never flown to canada , just driven there , and they did not do any biometrics . 
  they might for non-americans , not sure . 
  biometric data is very useful , everyone should be using it .
