  he is n't my best friend or something . 
  he would argue against it here . 
  hitler was worse than stalin . 
  who says germans are n't funny ? 
  you are now a mod of / r/murica . 
  you might want to tell the black folks that . 
  i do n't go there ... 
  for god 's sake , can this be decided one way or the other already . 
  he was always for no speech restrictions . 
   bbc comments are amazing , it 's like they managed to find the smuggest , yet stupidest people in the country who are yet convinced that they are the most intelligent . 
  til bbc commenters are redditors . 
  that is impressive , and hilarious . 
  while it was foreseeable that we would not remain allied with the ussr , it was not foreseeable that a nuclear cold war would result . 
  after the us declared war on japan , germany declared war on the us . 
  once that happened , we were going to work with the ussr against the axis . 
  no one said the communists were good , i work with a russian jew who was able to leave on a humanitarian visa a persecuted person . 
  it was bad for him and his family . 
  but it 's still better than immediate execution . 
  unfortunately there really was n't a good choice for eastern europe . 
  because that is better than immediate extermination . 
   presumedly because gelfand addresses soviet atrocities so bluntly and honestly . 
  funnily enough , i work with a gelfand , who left russia in the '90s . 
  he was never taught a word of the rapes , and was very interested in the article . 
  it 's not available in english ? 
  left wing , comrade !, 
  we will abolish your job !, 
  my commuter rail is pretty good . 
  but amtrak : - /, 
  i too had a train door delay last week . 
  it is time for revolution . 
  trains are on time too . 
  this article is only about what happened in berlin , it does n't mean it is biased . 
  merkel did nothing wrong . 
  jews , gays , gypsies , handicapped people , jehovah witnesses , etc. , etc. , socialists . 
  so on a so forth , might not liek the nazis . 
  they were on our side against germany , after that it fell apart . 
  it was foreseeable , but we had no choice . 
  we also let the soviets fight on their own for as long as possible in order to weaken them . 
  churchill was no fan of the soviets ... basically it was work with the soviets , or let the nazis control europe . 
  you are right , in the face of stalin , we should have let the 4th reich do as it wished ... wut, 
  that depends on who you are , does n't it ? 
  that is the case in many developed countries . 
  that does n't alter my statement at all . 
   getting used to europe has been very painful and bloody . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  i was referring to the `` most malaria '' list . 
  you lose !, 
  only if you paid him . 
  any list huh ? 
  i heard you guys suck at malaria . 
  sounds like heaven . 
  there are few things more horrifying then urgently running to a strange bathroom , just to see there is no toilet paper . 
  thank god for socks . 
  interesting . 
  so pooping at work/public is even a bigger downgrade for bidet owners than it is for savages like myself . 
  if you poop at work with no bidet , do you use a bidet when you get home ? 
  [ this article made bidets sound so good , and inspired my questions . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/30/technology/personaltech/electronic-bidet-toilet-seat-is-the-luxury-you-wont-want-to-live-without.html?hp&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;module=mini-moth&amp;region=top-stories-b ), 
  what about in the workplace ? 
  i lived in the uk , i did n't see a bidet the whole time . 
  everyone i know thinks mexican workers are ridiculously hardworking . 
  i 've literally never met a person who said they are lazy . 
  anytime indian traffic is shown , people are driving like maniacs . 
  there was also a show here about trucking on some indian `` road of death '' that went up into the himalayas , and it was nuts . 
  it 's the same with most developing countries , i assume it will get better with time . 
  how different is the penalty ? 
  how is that not unfair ? 
  you 'd like cartoons from the new yorker , they are so opaque . 
  i suppose this explains the videos of the roads in india . 
  the eu is less cautious with arms deals than the us , we try to force everyone to abide by our sanctions , most notably with iran . 
  there is no trust , there is collusion . 
  do n't be so naive . 
  google translation of the german article : bnd helped the nsa spying on france and eu commission the bnd listening station in bad aibling was for years abused for nsa espionage against european countries . 
  this is evidenced by an internal investigation . 
  those identified include high-ranking officials of the french foreign ministry , the elysee palace and the eu commission . 
  german politicians are in accordance with existing state not on the list , german companies should also be hardly affected . 
  by georg mascolo the monitoring device of the federal intelligence service ( bnd ) in the bavarian town of bad aibling was abused for years by determination of governmental experts on espionage against european countries . 
  according to information from the s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung , ndr and wdr are among the most affected high-ranking officials of the french foreign ministry , the elysee palace and the eu commission . 
  evidence of targeted industrial espionage , there will be only sporadically , however . 
  companies are particularly affected by the recent findings , because the us went to illegal export businesses for clues . 
  interior minister thomas de maizi\u00e8re , who is exposed just in the matter of economic espionage to the charge of concealment , offered on wednesday to testify because of the confidentiality obligations before parliamentary control committee and the nsa committee of inquiry : `` the faster , the better . '', 
  he stressed that he had nothing to reproach himself . 
  german politicians are not well on the list `` the core is the political espionage of our european neighbors and of the eu institutions , '' said a person familiar with the operations person . 
  german politicians are in accordance with existing state not on the list , german companies should also be hardly affected . 
  an agreement between the nsa and the bnd of 2002 provides protection for german and american individuals and entities . 
  bnd and the chancellery have not yet determined the extent of the affair concluded . 
  in many cases are only the email addresses that have been fed by the nsa in the computer in bad aibling . 
  as a result , where the people have scouted worked , but their function must be observed . 
  meanwhile , the search practice was changed in bad aibling - mails . eu ending about today are automatically suspended for the acquisition . 
  similar rules apply to all european partners . 
  all since the beginning of the cooperation supplied by the us search terms will now be checked again . 
  their number is huge : from 2002 to 2013 , were 690 000 telephone numbers and 7.8 million ip searches . 
  in a so-called rejection file landed 40,000 keywords . 
  bundestag debate on the refugee catastrophe video interior minister de maizi\u00e8re to bnd affair boomerang for altmaier interior minister de maizi\u00e8re defends himself against the charge that he had lied in the bnd affair . 
  the federal chancellery gets now more and more in the line of fire . 
  and with that office chief peter altmaier . 
  the extent of the nsa spying in europe to have been discovered in august 2013 by a deputy director of the technical clarification . 
  however , he should have been notified to march 2015 , neither the bnd nor tip the chancellery . 
  in 2005 there were first indications of the misuse of the station by the nsa , but the searches have not been systematically reviewed , as was called for in an internal directive of the bnd . 
  the then head of the chancellery and today 's federal interior minister thomas de maizi\u00e8re was informed in february 2008 about `` the us side tried to extend the collection to areas that are not in the common interest '' .
