  that 's why they are trying to take your guns away !, 
  it 's not the only thing , but it 's a big thing . 
  i 'm shocked ( in a good way ) how much it has been covered here . 
  the biggest foreign story since brexit . 
  it 's of massive international consequence . 
  lol , i 'm so embarrassed . 
  thank you for your helpful contributions . 
  i just said we do n't get downvoted , did you miss that part ? 
  i 'm in an anti-gun county . 
  i had to take a class ( good thing ) , but due to ny law , we could not hold an unloaded pistol with no firing pin . 
  then i had to wait a year to get an interview . 
  then i moved during the year and had to restart all the paperwork with 4 signatures of people who live in the county and know me . 
  then i had to wait 8 months for them to process . 
  i have no problem with background checks , classes , etc. , i do have a problem when they make it kafkaesque and expensive so you give up . 
  so why is your government suing if there is so little support ? 
  can a bavarian and austrian have an conversation , and they do n't realize they are from the same place ? 
  has happened to me with ontarians a few times . 
  it 's not just this , there are things like support for israel , lack of religion , beautiful women , etc. 
  edit : i like how you put that easily fooled bit in after i replied . 
  i live in nyc where people hate guns , it does n't mean the whole country does . 
  you just might not be running into those folks . 
  the fact that your government plans to legally challenge all this business indicates that are in fact some people that support gun rights . 
  russians and brits are getting it worse than americans here . 
  ha , i mean some of that is true , but i think these days brits and russians get it worse than americans . 
  i 'm old enough to remember w , and even so old that i studied in the uk during the clinton presidency , and people liked us . 
  but honestly , i really do n't get downvoted very much in this sub , which was why i was a bit surprised that i did get downvoted for a very generic comment . 
  the way anti-americanism goes here is that ignorant statements will get upvoted more than people downvoting redditors with usa flair . 
  i 'm sure you are aware that when it comes to identity/culture , there is nothing rational about it . 
  the swiss like to do their own thing , that 's why they are n't in the eu , and this is n't their only issue , so i would n't view this in isolation . 
  i knew this about the swiss , but not so much about the czechs , who have similar views . 
  the swiss do their own thing always ... 
   you kinda feel like you are at home , but there will always be a nagging feeling in the back of your head that something is not right . 
  yup , you are germany 's canada . 
   we probably would n't be arrogant if you considered us a normal neighbouring country , like all the others you have , instead of a `` small brother '' you are germany 's canada ? 
  arrogant and weird ... 
  do you even schnitzel ? 
  i know that the mayor of vienna around 1900 messed with the jews so much that my family left for the us . 
  it 's a very big part of swiss culture . 
  i use stripper clips to put rounds into the magazine of my sks and mosin . 
  do n't you think it 's beyond a hobby in switzerland ? 
  it 's a big part of their culture . 
  he would if he did n't have a bit of dementia . 
  his ecuadorian wife and her whole family are hardcore trumpers . 
  see how well we do assimilation ? 
  you came from the us , this is no different than cali/ny garbage laws that make people feel warm and fuzzy . 
  the more i learn about them , the more i like them . 
  edit : come on downvoters , tell me why it 's bad for me to like the czechs ? 
   though , we do n't really get the guns for self defense , but for sports shooting or hunting . 
  lot of us like that in the us as well , we are the quiet gun owners . 
  i 'm glad i have the right to self defense in my home if i ever found myself in that situation , but i own my guns for target shooting , i keep them locked up and unloaded . 
  how do people feel about the economic assistance the us provided ? 
  it 's scary . 
  i think the thing that set him off on this course was when mussolini touched his cheek when he was 5 . 
  he 's quite literally stuck in the past . 
  my friend 's 87 year old father is still a mussolini fan , and never became an american citizen because `` italy is the greatest nation on earth . '', 
  he has n't lived there since 1954 . : - /, 
  i find that a bit disturbing : - / i 've also seen people online say that the holodomor was done by jews . 
  but pro transsexual , as a particle may simultaneously have two different values . 
  that 14 % is largely comprised of immigrants . 
  the source is a gay dating app : - /, 
  i 've traced his ip to pennsylvania, 
  is it going to change ? 
  europe needs to get serious about violent crime . 
  so many of these terror attacks involve known violent criminals . 
  absolutely amazing city . 
  3000 more years !, 
  what was he in for ? 
  edit : for shooting 2 cops ????? 
  attempted murder . 
  wtf, 
  there were a ton of islamic terrorist attacks before 2003 . 
  iraq made everything worse , but it would still be shit, 
  i do n't even know what to say, 
  sorry , i thought it was from before ivan the terrible . 
  he took you quite literally !, 
  there is over 1000 years of autocratic rulers , but maybe this time will be different . 
  uh , no . 
  that 's like burning a koran in ksa . 
  yup , and i generally think obama is a pretty intelligent guy . 
  people like to tell other people what to do . 
  why did obama tell people to vote remain ? 
  the folks that helped trump win . 
  sounds familiar . 
  godspeeed . 
  the threshold is `` high crimes and misdemeanors , '' which is nebulous , admittedly . 
  you have no power here !!!, 
   we 've managed to put ourself in a loss-loss situation i know that feel . 
  very good analysis . 
   he would have to do something really abhorrent for his own party to impeach him . 
  which is exactly how it was designed to work . 
  bill o'reilly did nothing wrong !, 
  here is a funny story you might in enjoy , we were visiting ontario for a family vacation when i was a little kid , and we stopped for lunch in st. catherines . 
  so the waitress leads us to a table near a picture of the queen , and my dad goes `` i 'm not sitting under that , we need another table . '', 
  lol . 
  we do n't have an irish background , or any other nationality that was/is oppressed by the british , we 're just good patriotic americans ;-d, 
  just because the queen is their head of state , can dissolve their parliaments and is on their money ? 
  even the poor canadians are poisoned with this nonsense . 
  i love when simple one line ad hominem attacks against an entire nation gets lot of upvotes in this sub . 
  eviscerate the proletariat . 
  you are one of the good ones though .
