  so you doubt he has widespread support huh ? 
  see , was that so hard ? 
  you could have just answered that way the first time . 
  and i take it you disagree with his stance on german military policy ? 
  wow , those are some great generalizations there . 
  best of the thread . 
  what a pathetic evasion of a question . 
  his name is gauck , and he has been making this statement for awhile now . 
  but why do n't you enlighten me instead of being rude little snot . 
  and why do n't you answer if you were someone who called him a nazi while you are at it . 
  are you one of the pacifists that called the german president a nazi because he said germany needs to participate in the security of europe ? 
   portugal , greece , ireland and spain they had no choice . 
  it was reform , or be cut out of the credit market . 
  i do n't think the interests of western europe would ever align with russia , besides some trade issues . 
  i do n't think anyone would ever worry about that . 
  the us likes using the bases in germany as a staging ground for all our adventures , but that is about it . 
  we are trying to reduce our role in europe as much as possible , and the government is behind the curve , because the american people are sick of war , and would be happy to bring troops home . 
  i would hope with a strong military framework , that the eu would want out of nato at some point . 
  perhaps it could be done in a decade . 
  i do n't want the us in nato . 
  we 'd be fine with an anglosphere military alliance ( up to the uk of course ) , that could work with an eu integrated force on an as needed basis . 
  or we could disagree and not work together . 
  would be a lot healthier for the world to have a multipolar framework . 
  not necessarily a deterrent to an attack on germany , but attacks on eastern european nations by russia . 
  eu with strong germany/france would not be something to mess with . 
  i would include the uk in there too , but i have a feeling they wo n't be in the eu for long . 
  i 'm not arguing whether you have an actual threat or not . 
  but having us troops is a deterrent , and germany spends far less than france/uk . 
  i 'd argue that if the eu is to be militarily independent , a strong and credible germany is part of that . 
  ah , that was a little add on to the comment that you agree our troops should be gone . 
  got it . 
  i 'm all for it too . 
  however , i think your government likes spending nothing on it 's military and having free protection . 
  in exchange for this , they sold the population down the river . 
  i 'm not sure if you are aware of this , but it actually is n't up to the troops . 
  i ca n't even imagine how irritating comments like this from western europeans must be to you . 
  where are the protests to get our troops off your land ? 
  i 'd love to see that happen . 
  us troops need to be out of europe , make it happen . 
  the russian people massively support putin . 
  they will back him even more strongly now . 
  have you seen his approval numbers ? 
  his primary risk is being pelted with flowers . 
  i know there is a tunnel and all now , but being on an island has had a strong effect on the british sense of self , how could it not ? 
  probably not to the extent being on north america has had on the us , but still of note . 
  you ca n't expect it to disappear overnight . 
  uk engaged in completely indiscriminate night bombing of population areas , if you want to criticize that , fine . 
  us engaged largely in daytime bombing of production and transportation facilities . 
  my wife 's grandfather thoroughly destroyed a massive rail marshaling yard . 
  how you could say that was not militarily valuable is beyond me . 
  as far as the underground bit , please forgive the allied commanders for failing to realize that the nazi regime would enslave millions in subterranean factories . 
  they were n't as creative . 
  anyone can do it , first amendment and all that . 
  i 'm jewish and support their right to do so . 
  when you let people express what morons they are , it destroys any support for them . 
  unfortunately there are so many angry muslims in europe that they can support themselves . 
  completely nuts . 
  very similar to the nyc system , besides the trout testing . 
  we do have amazing trout fishing in our reservoirs though . 
  of course we all have history , but i said `` are '' not `` were . '', 
  due to your history with the jews , i see countries are speaking out against anti-semitic riots/protests , that is encouraging . 
  i 'm talking about causal racism , and more serious racism against roma/muslims . 
  this ranges from `` romanians took our jerbs '' to `` kill all the roma . '', 
  in terms of demeanor , i think they are very literal minded and blunt , but might not actually be trying to cause offense . 
  this morning i was eating at a restaurant in upstate new york , and there was a german waitress . 
  so a female customer asked her where the bathrooms were . 
  the waitress replied `` it 's right there , the door that says ` restrooms ' above it . '', 
  the customer got quite offended , because it basically sounded like the waitress was implying that she was too stupid to find the bathroom or was illiterate . 
  but i really think the waitress was just trying to be helpful . 
  i had a good laugh though . 
  you guys are way more racist . 
  i understand what you are saying about not going to war , however , the eu nations can not , and would not work outside of the nato framework for any military issue . 
  that is where you are wrong , it is not eu vs russia , it is nato v. russia . 
  the eu is not a military entity , despite a token battlegroup or whatever . 
  and if there was to be an outbreak of war ( there wo n't be ) , nato would be in the lead , not the eu . 
  hell , i 'd love to see you guys contain russia on your own , it would be a defining moment for the eu , and give it credibility on the world stage . 
  russia knows the us has a very limited appetite for military action now , a more robust and capable european military might have made him think twice . 
  these weltverbesserers will bring about the opposite of what they intend !, 
  a stronger germany means a more peaceful europe , and perhaps even beyond europe . 
  i 'm always advocated for this in what i believe to be a reasonable manner , and i get downvoted :-( maybe it is by weltverbesserers . 
  i like that word . 
  having all the us bases there also gives us a staging round for our adventures , which i 'd like to curtail . 
  i was kind of hoping the spying thing would make you want to kick us out , but does n't look like it with the insanity going on with russia . 
  yeah , sorry about that . 
  i believe that this is actually the biggest issue that is facing the eu . 
  a lot of people do n't seem to notice that the last shreds of the cold war/immediate post-cold war framework are breaking down . 
  i believe this started in earnest with the overthrow of mubarak in egypt . 
  it showed that the us could not keep convenient regimes in place with money alone . 
  the arab world mostly unwound after that . 
  our hypocrisy was further exposed after quadaffi fell after we ( and europe ) became bestest buds with him . 
  then we have syria , where uk and france pushed and pushed for action against assad , and obama made his `` red line '' comments , but forgot all about it after the uk parliament voted down action . 
  to russia , it looked like we backed down to them , because they are assad 's ally and have a naval base there . 
  emboldened by events in syria , putin knew he could take crimea without much resistance , and now he can agitate in eastern ukraine as well . 
  after all that , iraq disintegrates into anarchy . 
  so it 's clear that the us can no longer dictate world events like it used to . 
  americans are also very war weary after decades of non-stop intervention . 
  they are not going to be excited about action against russia . 
  not to mention that we are more concerned about the pacific than europe . 
  europe needs to develop a cohesive and credible defense strategy , and this can not be done without its strongest member . 
  if the eu can not protect itself , than it is not going to be taken very seriously on the world stage , and i do n't think it will have much of a future beyond a free trade/travel zone .
