  i had hair back then too , back hair as well . 
  you better tell the newyoricans that . 
  good luck . 
  ha , no one in sf is going to give a fuck where you are from . 
  apparently in caribbean `` hispanic culture '' cuba is the top , then peurto rico , then domican republic . 
  they hate each other !, 
  oh god , you 've really seen the worst our country has to offer . 
  : - / i will say that once i missed an exit from some highway in newark , and even though it was a sunday afternoon , it was pretty damn scary trying to find the entrance . 
  so yeah , detroit is n't far off . 
  apparently there are a lot of portuguese people in rhode island , and cape cod . 
  the iron bound district in newark ( one of the few safe areas ) is supposed to have good portuguese , and my ex brought me there . 
  i 'm not a big seafood guy , so i ca n't even comment . 
  our pizza is good because the water i think ... 
  so i learned what a taylor ham is when i was 35 , we do n't have this is ny . 
  it 's some kind of pork product those heathens on everything . 
  in nyc our breakfast sandwich is bacon , egg and cheese ( with salt , pepper , ketchup ) , and is the king of all sandwiches . 
  lol , quite witty . 
  yeah , i just looked that up myself , it is dumb to include spain/portugal , though it would be my thought that they primarily wanted to include folks from the western hemisphere who are 100 % ethnically spanish . 
  apparently in mexico/cuba , these `` pure '' spanish folks like to differentiate themselves from the rest of the people . 
  same thing in new mexico , where there are families from spain who have been there from the late 1500s . 
  anyway , besides some dumb comments , no one is going to think of you as `` hispanic , '' just european or spanish , but probably not catalan . 
  what area are you moving to ? 
  true , just is `` wrong '' to pedantic me , not like it 's wrong for them to use that term . 
  you have a new flair every week ... 
  you should have told the german we were building it for them , but they lost before we could use it . 
  i feel you , luxembro . 
  i would have said yes , because on the census forms it asks if you are `` latino or hispanic , '' but apparently it 's complicated . 
  : - / https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latino_%28demonym%29#use_in_the_united_states, 
  much technology !!, 
  that it 's cheaper to get to finland for many russians since it 's right next door . 
  though i guess once they get there , it 's pretty damn expensive . 
  well , do you have washing machines ? 
  we do n't think ukranians or rude ( or about them at all ) , and no one really tells polish jokes anymore . 
  otherwise the chart is correct . 
  yeah , i remember getting numerous comments on how white and straight my teeth were all over europe when i was a handosme young man . 
  now my teeth are yellowed from coffee , chipped and ground down , no one says it anymore . 
  well , we barely have any people from spain here , so it does n't really come up . 
  and i notice that some of my hispanic friends call other latinos `` spanish , '' which is wrong of course . 
  i dated a spanish girl for awhile , my favorite way of pissing her off was by saying that mexico and spain were so similar that i could n't tell the difference . 
  when are you sending crumpets to india ? 
  [ searches for shit rectangle comic ] i dated a 1st gen portuguese from nj , we would be best pals . 
  did you have any portuguese food in newark , or anywhere else ? 
  how did it measure up to the real thing ? 
  would n't you get the lower class ones in finland ? 
  if they are from the western hemisphere and come from somewhere that speaks spanish , they are latino/hispanic . 
  if you come from spain , you are spanish . 
  not very complicated . 
  feel free to ask any questions you have . 
  edit : actually , apparently it is complicated . 
  if people want to learn about these things , they can read all about it . 
  unfortunately , not many people care . 
  though people do remember that in the cold war we and the soviets did anything we could to weaken each other . 
  so nothing surprises us about those times . 
  iraq 2 would be a good example of ousting a relatively secular arab nationalist and getting a shiite ally of iran in exchange . 
  dumb . 
  well , we were n't going to send our own people to fight in afghanistan in 1979 , so we backed the people who would . 
  we have laws that say you can not wear a face covering for your driver 's license pic , etc. , but if the effect of the law is to target a specific group , it will not be upheld . 
  well , you can certainly fool some people or make some people feel better if you said god made you do it . 
  to be fair though , we never went as far as france , here it was always more separation of church and state . 
  things like the burqa ban would be a violation of religious expression under the 1st amendment . 
  now you are really reaching . 
  even gwb went through lengths to explain we are not at war with islam . 
  you want to blame oil , military contractors , etc. , all that , go for it . 
  but i do n't recall jeebus being invoked . 
  it does mean something if you are a hindu/muslim/jewish kid , and they start talking about jeebus . 
  of course it 's not exactly great for anyone else to be forcefed religion either . 
  if it 's so important to your family , they can choose to send you to religious school . 
  in ireland there are cases of non-baptised kids not being allowed into school at all . 
  there are un hearings on it . 
  you can not tell me that is harmless . 
  we did lose our way a bit in the cold war when `` in god we trust '' was added to money and courtooms , and `` under god '' was added to the pledge of allegiance . '', 
  using christianity ( or `` judeo-christian values '' ) as a means against communism is still harming us . 
  i do n't believe that the president has to use a bible , though they always do . 
  it 's unconstitutional to force anyone to use a religious oath , and everyone has the write to `` affirm '' instead . 
  i do admire france for it secularism , and wish we were more that way . 
  many of our founding fathers were quite anti-clerical . 
   however compared to european countries the us is far more religious both personally and in politics . 
  mostly true , but there are things like coe schools in the uk , and the catholic church owning most schools in ireland that would be unconstitutional here . 
  i know that as a jewish person , i 'd feel excluded even if the role of religion in those schools is n't massive . 
  as for turkey , i agree with the turkish fellow that said turkey is not islamic , and iran is . 
  the us has separation of church and state , like france . 
  it is not a `` christian country , '' even if there are religious people here . 
  the uk is a christian country , and charles is going to be the bestest leader of the coe ever . 
  the queen wo n't even make comments on policy , and she should n't . 
  i guess she is a good advertisement to some , but that 's about it . 
  she ca n't even discuss anything political . 
  he 's english . 
  to monolingual people ( aka the anglosphere ) learning three languages sounds impossible . 
  in spain , a lot of people know more than one language in spain alone , and then foreign languages on top of that . 
  that map is wrong , all of the uk is listed as `` native . '', 
  i ca n't understand a word of what the scots are saying , not sure they are native speakers . 
  even ( most ) canadians speak it . 
  that 's not true !, 
  the french government wants to make sure that people in pennsylvania have clean drinking water . 
  totally selfless . 
  low rates do not cause a rise in aggregate demand . 
  i 'm not a `` pc police '' theory advocate . 
  these hate speech laws have all been around since wwii ended . 
  i just do n't agree with them . 
  my team ( ny mets ) have also have a pitcher named jacob degrom .
