  will you go home in the summer ? 
  we luvs us some gay peeps here in the northeast . 
  visit !, 
  what a great point . 
  i know how you must feel . 
  i 'm from the northeast and we have some `` old '' stuff , some from the 1700s . 
  when i go out west or to florida , it feels so new , only made for cars , all laid out neat . 
  feels very sterile and without culture . 
  the whole continent must feel like that to you . 
  the first one does n't count . 
  so only once . 
  ny state v austria is not really a great comparison , as nyc alone has more people ... 
  but i assume that austria will come out favorably with the gun crime against all states . 
  colorado would probably be a good comparison , one major city and a bunch of mountains . 
  i tell you what , we are just talking hypotheticals . 
  in 1899 my great grandfather left vienna as a small child when [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_lueger ) was the mayor of vienna , and their lives got bad . 
  things just got much worse for the jews from there , did n't it ? 
  things were n't any better in the eastern europe for other members of my family who left around the same time . 
  i do n't even know how great it is for jews now , with radical muslims attacking . 
  new york has proven to have been quite safe for my family !, 
  edit - point is that i can not be objective on this topic . 
  where is here ? 
  where is ny ? 
  ny state or nyc ? 
  either way , unless i lived in one of the few horrible neighborhoods of brooklyn , or the bronx , it is very unlikely i 'd see a shooting . 
  she must be a mod here . 
  i think an nyc legal recruiter would at least tell you what firms are looking for . 
  recruitment departments at large firms may as well . 
  there is probably not much available before you graduate though . 
  well knowing people always helps ( that is how i got the job i have now ) , but out of college , i contacted a recruiter , went on one interview and got a job . 
  i was much more familiar with law than most recent grads , so that helped . 
  if you have top qualifications , you do n't need to know anyone of course . 
  ahh , you are still in college . 
  and sure , dutch do well with working in ny or london because you are basically native english speakers , and the culture isn ; t so different . 
  you should try to look for internships with american law firms in amsterdam , english ones would be good as well . 
  knowing eu law is helpful , i 'm working on a case with luxembourgish and german law right now . 
  you should look up legal recruiters in nyc . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm guessing not a common law jurisdiction , so i 'm not sure how much overlap there would be as far as being an attorney . 
  you could easily get a paralegal job ( i think ) , though you might have to work a lot of hours ... what experience do you have ? 
  the best thing to do is look up legal recruiters in nyc or wherever you want to live . 
  cool !!!, 
  i will check that out . 
  please feel free to msg me anytime for questions about where to go or anything else . 
  i helped one redditor plan his whole trip to nyc :-) try to visit colorado if you can . 
  when people ask you where you are from say `` georgia , atlanta to be exact . '', 
  the southern girls will eat that up . 
  of course , i 'd never tell anyone to move who did n't want to . 
  for a lot of people , things are pretty good in europe . 
  but i 'm sure there are places that you do n't totally love as well that you could live in within the eu . 
  and i get it , i studied the in the uk , have traveled all over europe , dated a catalan girl for 5 years , and i never once considered moving to europe . 
  it does n't mean i do n't like europe very much . 
  i 've worked in many lawfirms , ti is quite competitive now , due to the oversupply of lawyers . 
  but if yuou are multilingual , you could do very well . 
  i 'm not surprised , when i studied abroad in the '90s , i was constantly asked if i ever shot someone , or seen someone shot in nyc . 
  lol . 
  this was like a greyhound passenger bus ? 
  that is really strange , and trust me , people minded . 
  very informative , thank you . 
  it 's because you usually get to keep the days you do n't use . 
  at my wife 's job , you get to keep 10 days extra a year , so she will usually keep 5-7 of those days . 
  there is usually a max of what you can keep . 
  i work for the state , i can keep up to 180 days of vacation . 
  as for people who just do n't use their vacation , that is their problem . 
  there are workaholics out there who just do n't take off . 
  again , most people get paid sick days , except for the lowest paid folks , which is terrible . 
  nyc passed a sick day law , so everyone gets it , and hopefully more places will follow suit . 
  the maternity leave thing is ridiculous and indefensible . 
  yes , i 'm aware of the history , i suppose i 'm surprised it 's like this in a `` western '' european country without many jews . 
  basically it 's just centuries old tradition i guess . 
  according to polls , antisemitism is fairly widespread , but there are almost no jews . 
  that is what is baffling to me ... why are people fixated on the jews ? 
  that article is about how americans do n't use the vacation they get , not that they do n't get vacation . 
  do n't get me wrong , a lot of low paying jobs do not get a lot of vacation time , which sucks , but many middle class and union jobs do get 4-6 weeks of vacation . 
  it certainly is n't unheard of . 
  edit : and i do n't have any kind of attitude like you describe . 
  you are a reasonable guy , do n't be so petty . 
  because he hates jews ? 
  the antisemitism in greece baffles me . 
  i 'm not sure what being in a bag does , but that is the cheapo cheese , there is an entirely different section for the good stuff . 
  that cheese is for tacos and pizza . 
  oh , and i get over 6 weeks of vacation , and generally have since i started working . 
  cool . 
  only time i 've been in nc was in charlotte for a wedding . 
  do n't remember much though . 
  : - / make sure you go to asheville for the beer and to smoky mtn . 
  np and climb some mountains . 
  outer banks are supposed to be amazing as well . 
  maybe you can do an ama in this sub after . 
  i can only imagine the number of questions you get about which georgia !, 
  how does next thursday work for you ? 
  who are we fucking ? 
  burlington is amazing , and there are some good jobs there , it is n't nyc though . 
  colorado is great , very progressive , and jobs , so there is that . 
  and no , as long as you pick a city that has your outlook , you will be fine . 
  if you moved to burlington , vt or boulder ( colorado ) , nyc , seattle , so on and so forth , you will be surrounded by like minded people . 
  i mean , i get what you are saying , and i 'm not trying to convince anyone to move here , i 'm just saying it is possible to live a progressive life surrounded by progressive people here . 
  there is a lot of variation . 
  weed legalization/decriminalization , gay marriage , steps towards universal healthcare . 
  we are moving the right way .
