  these photos are very high quality . 
  awesome work . 
  not just the continental definition , the global definition . 
  fap 'd to that pic . 
  what us carmaker used defeat devices ? 
  gm built defeat devices ? 
  protip for getting a slap on the wrist , when you get caught , confess . 
  vw is getting smacked down because they got caught and kept lying . 
  also , vw is not a huge part of our market , it would not be who we would go all protectionist on . 
  really ? 
  what other car company built defeat devices , got caught , and continued to lie ? 
  toyota is better than tesla ? 
  i do n't even think they make models you could compare each other to . 
  why import power when you have so much glorious coal . 
  i lived there for a semester a very long time ago , so i 've been . 
  i 'm not saying the whole place is perfect , and maybe it sucks to live there if you are n't rich . 
  but there are still tons of amazing things to do and great places to visit . 
  i only see it bashed by brits who do n't live there . 
  it 's one of the greatest cities in the world . 
  it 's interesting that the dutch and nordic countries are basically native english speakers , and i 've yet to read about how people are freaking out about ` murica ruining their culture . 
  if people gave a shit about human rights , dubai and abu dhabi would n't have so many hotels . 
  it 's the lying after getting caught that makes vw so special . 
  clowns . 
  i 'm mad jelly . 
  i see you still have n't educated yourself at all on this topic , you should probably refrain from commenting on it . 
  or you can send me examples of other car companies using defeat devices to trick the epa , and then lying about it aver they get caught . 
  vw is a disgrace . 
  quebec can be a bit overzealous . 
  an italian restaurant in montreal was prosecuted for not translating italian dishes into french on their menu . 
  china is a terrible example , as they are more concerned with censorship than anything else . 
  it 's also worth noting that china and india have huge , self-sustaining domestic markets . 
  european media markets are too fragmented to create any pan-european programming . 
  it 's kind of funny that this would be the type of conversation that an immigrant would be having with their us born kid . 
  i know there are lots of american movies and tv , but why would people watch more american news than local ? 
  europe is fragmented by market and language , i do n't see how american can be limited . 
  i understand where they are coming from ( the americans you are talking about , and the french ) , but it 's still hyperbolic to say it will destroy their cultural model . 
  and it does n't seem to be such an issue in other eu countries . 
  it 's not like it 's broadcast tv or radio , it 's not even a cable channel . 
  if people are signing up and paying for a a service , the problem probably is n't with that service . 
  if people are going out of their way to pay for it , maybe the people do n't care about the existing `` cultural model '' as the government does . 
  still a bit of an insane comment . 
  all companies should pay taxes , but france saying that netflix will implode their culture is a bit over the top . 
  nice talking to you as well . 
  you are misunderstanding . 
  all those hyphenated americans , are still americans . 
  it does n't mean we are all the same , it means we are all americans . 
  i had a conversation with you on anti-semitism a few days back , and you rightly pointed out that there is very little anti-semitism in the us . 
  and i said that is because i was not some sort of alien to other americans , i was just another american . 
  i 'm not some conniving interloper who is here to enrich myself at the expense of the nation as a whole . 
  jewish people are generally admired for being well educated , hard working , and successful . 
  you would think with our extreme wealth inequality , we would be a hated group of elites . 
  but it 's more thought that it is due to jewish values that we have done well . 
  other groups might do less well , and that could be attributed to factors of their culture . 
  we strive to have equal opportunity , not equal outcomes , which is why most of us would n't even think about 2nd gen immigrants being any different . 
  being american does not mean we all have to be the same color , ethnicity , etc. , and it also does n't mean you have to totally abandon your culture . 
  and even if you reject american culture at large ( amish , ultra-orthodox jews ) no one is going to care as long as you do n't make problems for anyone else . 
  dealing with black americans is a totally separate issue than anything else regarding assimilation/immigration . 
  black people did n't come here to make a better life for themselves , they were take from africa as slaves . 
  they were then generations of slaves , and it was illegal to teach them to read , that does n't lend itself to success . 
  families were broken up all the time . 
  then , even after they were freed , they were discriminated against with jim crow . 
  they were fucked by this country every which way possible , and today many remain disadvantaged , and angry at american society . 
  ca n't same a blame them , though sometimes that is counterproductive . 
  so really , it 's a completely different topic . 
  and you are right , i only do consider 1st generation immigrants , because if you are born here , you are american . 
  i have many friends who have both parents born all oover europe , india , korea . 
  it never occurred to me that they were any less american than i , or that there would be any reason to think of them as `` 2nd generation . '', 
  so the definition is not broader here , this is the way we think . 
  and that is the difference between us an austria-hungary , or yugoslavia . 
  we are n't a bunch of different nations living in a state , we are just americans . 
  umm , i 'm not upset , i was correcting you on somehow conflating the status of black people with assimilating immigrants . 
  even though you ignored it , my comparison with the roma is apt . 
  apparently i stumbled upon some kind of narrative you have in your head the us or american redditors , which you are projecting on to me . 
  which is fair enough , i projected looking down onto danes to you . 
  you are misunderstanding the american identity , which is that we are a nation of immigrants , not that we are the best intergrators . 
  besides native americans , we all came here from somewhere else . 
  there is no default american ethnicity , it 's more of an idea . 
  and anyone who buys into that idea can become an american . 
  that 's it , it 's not going over stats or anything like that . 
   if europe had those immigration demographics , we would n't have a problem either . 
  this is why i chuckle . 
  you take credit for something for which you need not exert any real effort for . 
  you had this argument in your head , i made no mention of demographics or why we do n't have issues with immigrants . 
  i think it 's great that we are selective with legal immigrants , and if illegal immigrants with the demographics of asylum seekers into europe , i can guarantee you that we would not allow them in . 
  i just do n't get why you are chuckling when your country and germany threw the door open for all these people that you contend will not assimilate . 
  and of top of that , a large portion of your country looks down on denmark with condescension for their attitudes towards these migrants , even though sweden has now instituted it 's own border controls . 
  so do n't `` chuckle '' at us , or look down on danes and eastern europeans for being sane . 
  i 've never seen an american or anyone else state that they can assimilate uncontrolled hordes of islamic migrants , it 's not possible , and that is why most places will not allow such a thing . 
  all praise glorious mosin . 
   i hate this argument of `` we need to do whatever it takes to completely prevent x from happening even if it means completely banning y or z just to save one life '' . 
  that is how you get `` legal highs '' laws . 
   do you really have home invasions that often that you need to protect yourself ? 
   no , i own my guns for fun . 
  same here . 
  i keep all my guns locked up in a safe , i do n't need them for self defense . 
  i find it annoying when people think the only reason to own guns is for protection . 
  how are people who are born here even subject to a conversation about assimilation ? 
  it is very unfortunate that we have racial problems here , but black people are americans , they can not assimilate into something they are already a part of . 
  how this has any relation whatsoever to assimilation of immigrants in the eu or over here for that matter is beyond me . 
  if you want to make an actual useful comparison instead of smug platitudes , you would compare the roma of europe to blacks in america .
