  more like `` never '' . 
  but it 's ok to pretend . 
  at least the ottomans did n't enslave them , or genocide every ethnicity while stealing their resources . 
  turks have a reputation of being barbarians while the west gently and kindly killed ( still kills ) and enslaved million times more people . 
  ypg is a joke . 
  coalition forces and us special forces took territory for them . 
  and no , turkey 's foreign policy is n't to make another joke ( isil ) stronger ; you have to be 12 years old to believe that . 
   big guy turkey sat back and enjoyed the carnage for 5 years , while small guy ypg had thousands of brave men and women killed in action fighting back isil . 
  that 's not as simple as that . 
  at first the idea was to overthrow assad , then when the plan changed we had to deal with gulenists inside . 
  at one point erdogan proposed to take on isil alongside us , they preffered allying with kurdish terrorists and playing their geopolitical games instead . 
  no thanks . 
  that 's not the entire story in cyprus , it 's not the same issue as crimea . 
  i do n't mind a kurdistan and it does n't have to destabilize the entire region ; but the way they are trying to create a kurdistan right now would destabilize it beyond repair . 
  there are other ways to create an independent kurdistan without being a national security threat to us or cutting our entire border with the middle east . 
  lol 'd at portugal and southeast asia, 
  while you are completely right , i need to remind you that everyone besides russia and iran are intervening in syria illegally . 
  do you seriously want to use the `` homeland '' argument ? 
  are you aware of how much non-kurdish land the ypg captured and tries to capture in northern syria or not ? 
  turkey also bombed isis in jarablus while bombing sdf in manbij . 
  fighting isis does n't mean you can annex the entire northern syria . 
  clearing ypg from our borders does n't mean we ca n't clear isis as well . 
  why post this here ? 
  turkey is not europe . 
  ^ ^ someone ^ had ^ to ^ do ^ it, 
  my bad , he did n't . 
  you are right , headlines fool me . 
   asked if moscow could share the airfield with coalition forces , yildirim said that `` if necessary , the incirlik base can be used . '' this is what he denied saying, 
  he keeps denying saying it and news sources keep claiming he says it , what is even journalism anymore ? 
  prostitution is legal in turkey and yes i do n't think a lot of turks are upset with it . 
  uk would n't get to make demands for a special status because it would look desperate to stay in the eu if it tries to after the brexit vote . 
  what i said has nothing to do with things like the single market or uk 's votes in the eu parliament , it 's about diplomacy . 
  i want the uk to stay out of the eu anyway . 
  it acts like a trojan horse of the us within the eu . 
  uk would lose all its leverage with the eu if it does n't leave , this is ridiculous . 
  they wo n't ; but the condition that requires us to change our terrorism laws is the reason we will never get visa free travel . 
  people overstay their visas and become illegal workers that try to get citizenship after a while and the governments usually allow them to stay because removing millions of illegal workers hurts their economy pretty badly . 
  this is exactly what 's happening in the us . 
  though more than the illegal workers problem there is the crony capitalism problem where very rich people evade taxes or paying their workers well which makes life harder for the middle class as it puts the tax burden on them . 
  i said `` more than '' but crony capitalism is basically the biggest reason people are having trouble finding decent jobs and having a decent life . 
  these rich people do n't want the citizens to focus on the actual issue so they distract them by things like illegal immigration and basically put the entire blame of economic inequality on that . 
  though if people 's concerns about illegal immigration is cultural , then that 's a completely different issue and i can respect it . 
  here is a [ fact ] ( http://cdn.thejournal.ie/media/2015/05/lgbtmap-2.jpg ) another fact : besides the 80 's coup by the cia douchebags we have always been and are today a society that 's always getting more socially progressive over time . 
  you people are/have always been very ignorant and dismissive towards us so you just do n't notice it . 
  and this did start a shitstorm and thousands of people are doing political activisim now to get justice for her . 
  but because we are in the me this is outrageous , when in the us murders like this happen all the time with almost identical reactions to it . 
  i know for a fact that we will be the first country in the region to legalize gay marriage and it 's a matter of when and not if . 
  i want to see how the western media will spin that story when it happens ; the narrative will probably be something like `` turkey legalizes pedophilia '' or something . 
  that was supposed to be false news ; because swedish ministers tweet was baseless . 
  it 's a childish response i know ; but they were trying to expose the hypocrisy . 
  interesting how nobody here is even focusing on the afghanistan issue and how nato is basically abusing both it 's energy and [ opium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opium_production_in_afghanistan ) resources . 
  so conservative europeans know how shady nato is and do n't care ? 
  i thought so anyway ; but the hypocrisy was annoying so let 's all be honest like we are being here . 
  edit : grammar . 
  independent 's news about turkey are tabloid worthy at best , they are one of the news sources that claim turkey made sex with 12 year olds legal . 
  a lot of people are trying to correct this quote when this is supposed to be misleading . 
  that 's the entire point of it . 
  so it 's so weird that we are working with some countries in the me aka our neighbors with great energy resources ? 
  also since when is russia an islamic country ? 
  you are either a troll or incredibly ignorant ( my guess ) so im done responding to you . 
   gulen meme did n't read the rest , you are an ignorant troll . 
  there is this thing with polls where you can take them out of context and not consider the sociology of the country , or just take them out of context all together . 
  you remind me of people linking random polls that test support for isis among muslim countries with bullshit results , i do n't believe in foreign countries polling the me . 
  as high amounts as % 30 of many muslim countries support isis ; but for some reason most isis recruits are mercenaries ? 
  and no , i am not saying that we view the west favorably at all . 
  but we view everything unfavorably . 
  the part that poll lost me at was the response to `` do you consider yourself both turkish and muslim ? '', 
  question . 
  there is no way the answer to that question is as low as % 40 , that 's like asking americans if they like freedom and getting % 40 as a response . 
  the fact that this is even a discussion is nothing but malicious propaganda . 
  i know , i said `` this is reason enough '' , does n't mean i believe the negative propaganda is the only reason . 
  before the coup he had no reason to arrest the teachers or doctors that are gulenists . 
  after the coup he decided to get rid of them . 
  the government was already preparing to get rid of the gulenist faction in the army and they kind of made it easy and exposed themselves by attempting a coup ... 
  it 's very hard to maintain a liberal democracy like the ones in western europe in the middle east . 
  especially when you are dealing with mass internal propaganda machines like the gulenists . 
  i know . 
   i see these efforts mainly as a tactical alignment of economic interest and political influence that turkey would leave in a heartbeat if a alternative presented itself - preferable an islamic alternative . 
  these things are n't `` bad media '' but actual differences . 
  that 's why we have been working with non-muslims for the past 100 years . 
  if the islamic alternative to the west is stronger than the west , sure we will align ourselves with them but outside of that we are looking out for our national interests not the interests of islam . 
  i do n't know why i am responding to this idiotic comment but whatever i already did . 
  while we do view every country negatively ( which is a fact proven by multiple polls ) linking me to one random poll like that with no proven source means nothing . 
  i have never seen or heard any poll in turkey like the one you are referring to , so the poll has been taken in english only in a country where % 90 of people ca n't speak it ? 
  and what you said has nothing to do with what i said . 
  i did n't say the propaganda was the only reason , i said it was reason enough to make our membership impossible . 
  just the simple fact that europeans think we legalized sex with children , erdogan purges all opposition , he is intending to install shariah law , that we are supporting terrorists is enough to make this impossible . 
  7 years is n't enough to reverse all the false reporting propaganda . 
  the bullshit reporting does n't seem to be getting better either . 
  one has to wonder what all these false reports about nukes in turkey are about . 
  it 's ok , we do n't have to be in the eu . 
  tell your leaders to stop supporting the seperatists in our country , we will stop our eu process immediately . 
  we are getting bashed for jailing coup plotters and their supporters , for demanding the eu honor their end of the deal that made no sense in the first place , for trying to pursue our national interests in the syrian civil war which nato pretty much created . 
  while the west supports and arms the offshoot of the pkk , hangs ocalan posters in the eu parliament and/or lets pkk supporters protest/set up their tents near major eu institutions . 
  but erdogan is ! ... 
  stfu . 
  eu could stand up to the us and support us a little bit for a change , instead they are fucking us over even harder than the us . 
  it 's not surprising when you guys constantly demand turkey to do one-sided no benefit deals either . 
  putin could n't protect syria ; but yes i hope the same . 
  but you do n't seem to understand ... turks are brown , so none of what you said matters .
