  we have a perfect alternative to erdogan as well https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republican_people%27s_party_ ( turkey ) these guys are almost too good for turkey ; but they are stuck getting % 25 of the votes for several elections now . 
  good to know our justice system is n't completely corrupted by our president yet . 
  you really underestimate how much the average turk cares about money . 
  a hint : more than religion , nationality or ideological values . 
  good . 
  fuck up the turkish economy please - that way the greedy fucks that keep voting for erdogan no matter what will vote for someone else . 
  it 's better for us in the long run . 
   once erdogan and his minnions drop out of the parliament . 
  now that he controls the entire media , i doubt that is happening anytime soon . 
  for turkey : nothing went well , everything went bad , 500 civilians and soldiers/police have been killed and the people still voted for erdogan . 
  you do n't have to be a nationalist to be able tell between facts and lies . 
  in the gezi park protests the kurds + the leftists protested together . 
  most redditor turks are leftists and most of them even participated in the protests . 
  we have no problem with the kurds - our problem is with pkk . 
  the only minorities turks hate are armenians . 
  there are many !, 
  nationalists that think the pkk are armenians and their kurdish brothers would n't participate in seperatist actions . 
  i personally do n't hate armenians ; but a big majority of the turks do because they think they are lying about the genocide to hurt turkey . 
  you claimed people get killed for speaking kurdish - pms ( not just her ) are talking in kurdish in the parliment . 
  `` jackal '' . . lmao you are pathetic . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsp9yqkaxfg you are wrong . 
  and it 's not fair comparing them to kurds in turkey as there is n't one big majority race in turkey . 
  most people will say `` turks duh '' but that 's not even true as the country is more like a mix of minorities . 
  maybe the name `` turkey '' is n't fitting . . 
  that sounds a lot like turkey, 
  or because the turkish people like brazilians in general . 
  considering most turks on the internet hate erdogan and they do this to punish erdogan somehow . . yes . 
  i think the percentage is quite high for a muslim country, 
  turk here - we invade germany . 
  we had no money in 1938 ? 
  anyways , i am % 100 convinced that we got to the limit of what a nationalistic imam can do in terms of improving economy and it 's time for better education and investment in technology . 
  considering our people will never vote for progressive prime ministers and our military budget is probably going to increase , i do n't expect turkey 's economy to get better anytime soon . 
  there are report of civilian deaths as well so i do n't know about that . 
  i would say they are , considering their very close relationship and how they both seem to say the same things all the time . 
  who is talking about the eu ? 
  and what does too unreliable mean anyways . 
  we have proven our usefulness to the west time and time again and the eu chose to ignore us making turks feel inferior . 
  the eu is partly at fault for the rise of erdogan . 
  comes from the guy who is supposed to have all the power ; but is instead the president 's puppet . 
  that 's not how it works buddy, 
  it 's a sad situation - russian tourists love turkey and our people had a great bond for decades - for example just in turkey alone there are about 100.000 russian & turkish families . 
  no , that has nothing to do with it . 
  most turks are n't arabs anyways . 
  do n't think the deal was to stop the refugee flow ; but to make it safer ? 
  the 3bn is just aid money that turkey deserves for taking care of 2.5 million refugees , not a bribe to keep the refugees out . 
  really ? 
  turkish women had the right to vote long before the majority of europe my friend . 
  yeah , there is actually . 
  kurdish population also make up the higher % of population that want sharia law . 
  a somehow related map https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-f2afbc9970fc2a8ff99b36b7f0d5d325?convert_to_webp=true, 
  they are solving the problem by giving turkey money no ? 
  what is the alternative ? 
  i hate erdogan as much as the other guy but he intends on keeping turkey secular . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxycrzyenww https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivlzrbwaifw turkey has a 100 year tradition of being a secular state , that is not going away anytime soon no matter what . 
  yes and turkey responded positively and said they would stop sending forces http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-06/turkey-bolsters-military-numbers-in-northern-iraq-hurriyet-says i guess unlike russia we respect other countries sovereignty even if they are as far away as possible from being an actual country like iraq . 
  putin said 40 countries , twitter is slow these days ! . . 
  smh, 
  because the autonomous kurdish region has asked for turkey to come and it 's not like turkey is the only country that trains the peshmerga against isis . 
  a lot of coalition countries do that , it 's just that we are the main enemy for russia and their friends right now and south iraq is one of their friends . 
  half of istanbul is in europe , nobody is talking politically here . 
  if you are talking about the eu , fuck eu . 
  https://twitter.com/burhankuzu/status/671822048285622273?lang=en the tweet is real . 
  the fethullah gulen conspiracy is also ridiculous . 
  if anything they are already ruling the country , as it has gotten as corrupt as it can get anyways . 
  and ? 
  russian airstrikes are n't primarily targeting isis either . 
  everybody with a little bit of information knows that this is a proxy war that is possible thanks to isis . 
  the information is accurate . 
  i also ca n't belive you buy that `` anti-gov '' crap . . 
  i do think it is a possibility yes . 
  he discussed on cnn turk how pkk was n't a terrorist organization , that might be the cause of his assasination . 
  and no , i do n't believe erdogan plays fair or even cares about it at this point . 
  even if it is a state sponsored violence which we do n't know , that does n't mean he got murdered for being kurdish . 
  isis bombed the rally , pkk martyred a police/soldier almost every single day in the last 5 months . 
  kurdish lawyer did n't get assasinated for being kurdish . 
  there are many kurdish deputies in the ruling party and there is a political party in the parliment that is the extension of pkk , it is definitely not a war on the kurds . 
  okay ... 
  they hate terrorists and a percentage probably just hates the kurds yes . 
  if pkk did n't exist that percentage would definitely be lower than it is today though . 
  you know about % 20 of turkey is kurds right ? 
  turkey is n't in war with kurds . 
  human smugglers in turkey are also causing the drownings . 
  you are making it sound like it 's a common thing . 
  western turkey is white , eastern turkey is mostly arab . 
  western turkey is secular , eastern turkey is n't . 
  turkey is like many countries in one . 
  even different districts feel like different countries . 
  people are n't voting for erdogan because he is islamist though . 
  need i remind you he was voted right after the economic depression period in turkey ? 
  he used the imf program and made it seem like the only reason turkish economy got better was akp . 
  there were many polls made asking people why they vote for the akp , the biggest reason ( % 80 ) is the economy , not ideology . 
  of course he does . 
  the biggest factor for the success of akp is economy . 
  if economy fails because of the conflicts with russia , they will easily lose the next elections and maybe even be left out of the parliment . 
  that 's what im saying , did i imply soviet russia was better ? 
  russia is behaving more like the soviet union than russia imo . 
  the only reason they are overreacting to this incident so much is because they want to keep doing whatever they want . 
  seriously ? 
  we will lose another world war ? 
  i hate those predictions .
