  like how the european colonials took land in the americas . 
  yes ; but this guy is trying to defend the holy wars like they were completely righteous things to do because seljuks were `` mercilessly attacking anatolia . '', 
  everyone was attacking each other mercilessly back then . 
  you sound as unhinged as my government . 
  maybe some wanted to live in a muslim country ? 
  it would be awkward if he did n't resign at this point . 
  yes !, 
  we are white master-race people . 
  you guys accept all whites in the eu but us and it 's because we are muslim . 
  i think if those are the descriptions second world fits better . 
  women have equality in turkey , they get equally oppressed as everyone else . 
  occasionally erdogan insults them publicly if they are not mothers ; but that does n't equal oppression . 
  do n't paint us as if we are iran before we become an islamic republic please , you are insulting millions of people trying to fight erdogan 's islamization . 
  yeah im not either honestly, 
  there are more of these happening all the time , recently two men were stabbed because they yelled at a couple for kissing in public . 
  im not saying violence is the solution ; but the backlash is strong . 
  [ seriously . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/hp9ld2h ) apparently % 90 concrete is n't enough , it has to be % 100 . 
  english could 've been harder to learn as well if it was n't everywhere . 
  and english is still a very foreign language to me so i ca n't use my le english skills to better understand german . 
  i will quote you in english words but in turkish sentence structure now so that you can maybe understand why it 's a struggle :  english speakcanyou , german why impossible ? 
  the amount of noun cases for words , the sentence structure and the lack of gender for words all make estonian very similar to turkish . 
  if only the languages that are easy to learn for turks were worth learning ... we are stuck trying to learn german instead which is impossible to do . 
  to be fair there are more than 12 million turks living in russia , so maybe one of those turks built that bicycle road lol . 
  saudi arabia or qatar above that . 
  got ta love political islam . 
  inside europe , germany is by far our best ally especially economically . 
  well at least this just implies that turkey joining the eu would mean having borders with syria and iraq . 
  i have seen/read way stupider things from the brexit campaign . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  maybe we are scummy people after all :(, 
  how dare they kill terrorists !, 
  preposterous !, 
  i 'm sorry but i will be enjoying it so much if stalling turkey for 30 years leads to eu losing one of it 's most precious members . 
  we are not joining anyways ; so might as well have that . 
  no , is that what every worwegian or swiss does ? 
  i did n't say i wanted to be a refugee in norway or switzerland did i ? 
  norway or switzerland ; i would like to live in a welfare rich country that does n't deal with stupid shit like we do . 
  the popular whistleblower twitter acount fuatavni claims that he is very ill and does n't have much time left . . * fingers crossed *, 
  a big majority of them are not even close to being extremists . 
  sure there are integration problems ; but if eu countries are already worried about that then maybe they should n't support seperatists in other countries . 
  uutuujjutuuuuuuuuuuwwutujuwvvuuuj this newspaper is dated 3rd of june btw , the same day turkish newspapers with ridiculous headlines were published . 
  if touristic cities still vote for erdogan i am done with this country . 
  turkish goverment 's summary : xd, 
  just another ceremony turned into erdogan ceremony , his supporters are truly clueless . 
  more than 500 turkish soldiers/police were killed as well . 
  we are talking about a 9 months long war here . 
  absolutely haram, 
  thanks , this video was very informative . 
  well it 's things like this that contribute greatly to the economy . 
   a million turks could potentially come to the uk within eight years of joining , they have claimed , a scale of migration that would run the risk of enabling murderers , terrorists and kidnappers to enter the country . 
  fearmongering at it 's finest . 
  turkey is not joining the eu , anyone with a slight intelligence knows that . 
  muslims need to respect the traditions of countries they live in , this includes the secular republic of turkey created by ataturk . 
  join isis and live under the caliphate or move to saudi arabia instead of europe if you want to live under islamic rule ... nobody cares if muslims practice their religion on their own ; but the kind that force it on people disgust me . 
  that makes sense if you have a culture of your own , what are turks in anatolia supposed to be ? 
  shamans ? 
  we adopted greek and armenian culture and mixed it with islamic culture ; nothing set in stone to abandon . 
  today we are a very nationalistic bunch , so i disagree with you . 
  if a turk is arguing anywhere that turkey is european , that 's because they think ottoman empire was . 
  til even istanbul is n't considered europe . 
  it 's not even a conspiracy theory , wtf would the us want to do this for . 
  we are a bridge between the two ; but our culture is n't as rich as most of the arabic world . 
  our food ( besides kebab ) , dances and music are all from eastern european culture ; our literature is a copy of french literature ; our military is strictly anti-islam even today . 
  our social tradition is the only thing that resembles me more than europe . 
  i think a better word to use is `` western . '', 
  turkey is not a part of the west , that 's a fair and correct thing to say . 
  but the influence turkey had on eastern europe or eastern europe had on turkey is so big , especially culturally . 
  even today most of our tradition is originally either greek , armenian or eastern european mixed with some islamic elements . 
  military bands . 
  also : hazelnuts . 
  we produce almost % 80 of hazelnuts worldwide . 
   `` turkey was a democracy -- yes , you can say it in the past tense now ... the current government does n't tolerate any kind of criticism , not even the smallest joke . 
  people come and go , and he [ erdo\u011fan ] will go eventually , too . 
  but the problem is what he 's doing to the fabric of the country . 
  he 's polarising , making people hate each other ... his corruption has been revealed , but he hits back harder and harder , repeating as a mantra absolute lies , and eventually people might start believing him . 
  he 's messing with people 's minds '' . 
   she also spoke of her fears women 's rights , saying erdo\u011fan `` makes them [ women ] fragile with his messages , whether subliminal or explicit . 
  there is a certain way , he says , of being a woman : you have to be a mother and at home , and that 's all . 
  when you see a man , you should blush and look down . 
  it 's like something from the middle ages . 
  the subtext is that women are only seen as sexual . 
  that 's why they must cover every inch of their skin . 
  this is dangerous because it generates more violence against them , it makes it ok for men to act like assailants . 
  rapes happen everywhere , but in turkey women come out on to the streets to protest because such attacks only seem to echo what the government is saying '' . 
  so true . 
  then it 's a good thing for ukraine in the long run as russia does n't seem to be a reliable economic partner . 
  did ukraine get nuclear bombed between 2014-2016 ? 
  how important is crimea wow . 
  yes and the only way that happens is if the quality of life and education increases by a lot in india , china , africa and middle east . 
  there 's also the climate change problem ... capitalism is n't working anymore . 
  the eu leaders are n't stupid , they made reformation of anti-terror laws ( so that erdogan ca n't declare anyone he wants a terrorist ) and anti-corruption mandatory for visa-free travel . 
  if there is anything erdogan cares more about than his ego , it 's his money ... islam comes 3rd . 
  ( turkey probably comes 6th or something . ), 
  pc is stupid ; but most people that ride the anti-pc train just want to be able to say offensive things openly . 
  just pointing out flaws with something over and over is n't going to solve its problems . 
  like , when you say `` islam is backwards '' 1000 times it does n't change anything ; all it does is consolidate people against muslims which will lead to witch-hunting and most muslims that will be hurt by that will be completely innocent people . 
  if you are ok with that go ahead , if you are not think twice and stop being ignorant . 
  i am an atheist . 
  winning is not actually a good thing in eurovision , so who cares .
