  our country does n't have a religion by the constitution . 
  erdogan and many akp members claim that they are conservatives and not islamists . 
  it 's up to the public to believe him or not ; but that is his claim . 
  that 's offensive and stupid , we have been doing way better than this when we were a democracy . 
  turkey does n't have a history of islamists revolting , besides one kurdish rebellion to bring back the caliphate in 1920s . 
  i seriously hope this is not just blatant lying to use an excuse to get us in syria ... 
  i would be even more disgusted than i already am with the current government if they can lie about these types of tragedies for political gains !, 
  on the other hand , if this is indeed the pyd then we got every right to retaliate and the west should stop arming them and let us handle isis instead . 
  yeah , i would agree with you on that . 
  pkk constantly kills civilians as well as collateral damage though, 
  isis targets civilians , pkk targets the state . 
  erdogan at his best has the support of % 50 of the country . 
  is n't the support for putin around something like % 80 ? 
  i agree with every single comment of yours about erdogan . 
  but we have a 100 year republic history of not actively playing a other countries business . 
  now that our foreign policy turned into a big mess , we are starting to take things slow again which is not the right thing to do against an aggressive russia . 
  you are right about the eu thing - we have always relied on the eu for trade but yeah . 
  though , the sanctions and nato thing is laughable , the western world has no valid reason to declare us an enemy . 
  we should declare the western world as the enemy , as we keep finding nato weapons in the pkks hands ; but unfortunately the reality of the situation does n't allow that . 
  there is no reason to be worried about it . 
  the eu is not a christian union , at least it would like the world to think so . 
  what does that have to do with anything , if us not being european means our news do n't interest you then why do you keep giving us shit about erdogan ? 
  we have n't even issued embargos on russia , tried to solve the problem diplomatically and we are still hosting 3 million refugees like it 's our business to . 
  if a secular and demoratic leader gets elected tomorrow , i promise you everyone will keep acting like we do n't exist . 
  i do n't think tatar resistance in crimea is growing ; but it should though . 
  we are playing the good guys like retards , while russia is supporting seperatists in our country with full power . 
  we need to provide support ( maybe send troops ) to ukraine , support tatars in crimea and start producing anti-russian propaganda like rt and sputniknews are constantly doing . 
  considering we are never getting in that 's a given, 
  i like this one better, 
  not really . 
  bulgaria may be one of the few countries that we are n't paranoid about besides asian countries like south korea ( because of the korean war ) and japan . 
  even the arabs that we are working together right now are hated by turks . 
  we have bad historical relations with them , we see them as `` backstabbers '' . 
  in reality i think attitudes like hers encourage russia . 
  putin is n't insane enough to start a nuclear war over his ego . 
  no , i am pretty sure we are supporting isis ( at least funding and hosting ) . 
  but i did n't vote for the guy that supports isis and his voter base has no idea either as dictators tend to keep the media in check . 
  i also believe more countries were supporting isis before us though . 
  we made putin mad so he just revealed us . 
  but even he himself claimed that about 40 countries fund isis . 
  literally everyone is our worst enemy . 
  we are a paranoid country and apparently the only country that is against an independent kurdistan , besides iran i guess . 
  eh , we hit them couple of times for show . 
  not any different from what most other countries are doing . 
  we are surrounded by russia through crimea , armenia and syria . 
  lets hope the war stays cold . 
  i really dislike being in the country that is probably going to be the first one to get fucked in a war . . 
  he was claiming that , now that he knows the public does n't give a shit about protecting the refugees ( even the opposition people supported him after the leaks ) he can openly blackmail the eu . 
  it 's kind of funny actually . 
  there were massacres and the turkish army did n't care for civilian lives , there is no way the operations would take this long . 
  sometimes i think we should just act like israel and just not give a shit of what people say at all . 
  why would he lie about it ? 
  and honestly , i am sure a lot of countries arm a lot of terrorist groups if they are not harmful to their country . 
  it 's a good profit and keeps a lot of countries in check . 
  im no military expert ; but according to erdogan they got weapons that our allies hardly give us . 
  can try to find a source later , googling can help . 
  they already do , they have been doing even when there was no tension between turkey and russia . 
  then sanction the us for creating them and lets collapse the global economy, 
  trying to control the situation is not going to work for turkey . 
  time and time again it has been proven that literally no country on this planet is going to let us have a greater influence in this region . 
  and i ca n't blame any country for that either , after all we are the original jihadists . 
  this attitude of erdogan is appreciated by even the most fierce opposition of him . 
  the seculars and the nationalists both back him up in this situation , as they believe he is right in pretty much everything he says here . 
  we pay the most absurd amount of taxes in the world and get nothing in return , so turkey 's gdp growth meants nothing for it 's people . 
  more money for our sultan . 
  they wanted our government to respect free media and freedom of speech , do you see it happening ? 
  as incompetent , bigoted and retarded as ever ? 
  seriously , do n't . 
  this beautiful country is filled with morons . 
  that is indeed your silly opinion, 
  this guy has gotten to ridiculous levels already , we have an insane person as a president and our people love him . 
  he is unfortunately what we deserve i guess . 
  we have big problems like the pyd sending weapons that they get from our allies to pkk . 
  our soldiers are getting murdered by our `` allies '' and this guy can do nothing but accuse professors ? 
  what happened to the turkey that did n't give a shit what the world thinks in cyprus ? 
  she did n't get jailed , which of course does n't make this any less bullshit . 
  they get fooled into thinking the travel is safe ; they ca n't pickup turkish in 2 weeks and start watching the news or anything . 
  it 's easy to fool them . 
  can we join ? 
  600 years is pretty remarkable i think . 
  both of you are stupid , governments are n't going to kill innocent civilians just because they are in bad terms with their country . 
  even the most fascist countries like russia , israel or . . turkey would n't do that . 
  releasing migrants into eu is n't something that turkey did n't do before on the other hand . 
  according to erdogan it 's a `` syrian '' so either a refugee or he does n't want to admit it 's isis as usual . 
  they do n't love being attacked when it 's the terrorist group they brought into the country doing the attacking ( isis ), 
  well technically , taking in refugees can be a right-wing move for germany as they will probably not be sent back and become citizens in the future , they will breed more too and make germany more powerful in the eu . 
  a country like turkey also threatens the eu with refugees and turkey entering the eu would be a disaster for germany . 
  the eu grants germany a lot of power nowadays and i feel like merkel is trying to preserve that power . 
  turkey should be setting it 's future as the center of trade , not as an aggressor . 
  turkey is n't a country with great resources or anything , we need world peace to be rich and it does n't look like we are trying to make the world more peaceful at all ... 
  i think it ultimately comes down to balance , i know many people agreed with me during the cold war too . 
  just my personal view on it i guess . 
  because that means no balance in power , there has to be more than one great power . 
  that 's why after the ww2 some spies that are not even russian were trying to help russia in making nuclear weapons - as they believed it was dangerous for the us to be the only country that has access to them . 
  the entire city got covered in snow yesterday morning . 
  if anyone is interested to see what istanbul looks like right now here are some pictures : http://onedio.com/haber/22-fotograf-ile-istanbul-dan-kar-manzaralari-651061, 
  i really would like it if we repaired our relationship with armenia and somehow opened the borders to them ; but that 's asking for a lot i guess . 
  that sounds exactly like turkey which is n't a good thing for poland at all . 
  but nothing we can do about it . 
  the turkish economy has to plummet for a change in leadership and there is no other way we will get rid of erdogan i can assure you of that .
