  even the suspicion will be enough . 
  because at times of war things tend to get uglier than normal and radical islam is worse than cancer . 
   it has nothing to do with it . 
  im sorry but saying `` it has nothing to do with it '' is just being ignorant . 
  you think starting a meaningless war that killed approx . 
  165.000 civilians for no reason at all has nothing to do with the rise of isis ? 
  iraq became a terrorist-recruitment heaven after the war . 
  i was very careful with my words , that 's why i said `` turkey does n't ** target ** civilians '' there are some ultranationalist nutjobs in the army that would happily murder kurdish civilians just for fun . 
  but , the citizens that live there were warned about the `` war '' beforehand - then if they chose to stay there anyways , they were told to stay home until it was over so that they could be kept safe . 
  the target in the end is pkk and not the kurds that live in the area , pkk/hdp tries to make it look much different than that . 
  these guys really want their kurdistan carved up from turkey . 
  those people that burned alive were terrorists . 
  seriously , if we did n't care about the civilians we would just send the army to southeast not special forces/intelligence police . 
  pkk was desperate so they tried to make it look like turkey targets civilians . 
  then after realizing the propaganda is n't working they decided to bomb civilians in ankara - these guys are not innocent and if anything they are making a peace deal impossible with their actions . 
  saudis should stop influencing the entire world with their ideology through mosques . 
  european countries can fix this problem easily by having a ministry of religious affairs like in turkey . 
  ataturk created this institution to keep the imams in check ; by appointing moderate imams to mosques . 
  it 's salafis and wahhabis , not all me muslims . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salafi_movement any muslim who is not a salafi does n't have the biggest chance of becoming an extremist . 
  salafism is the poison that saudi arabia spreads among mosques in the entire world , europe needs to keep their mosques in check to stop the spreading of this dangerous and extremist ideology . 
  does n't islam disallow symbolism ? 
  i know it 's turkish intelligence that warned them , the problem is that they did n't warn us : the turkish citizens , what 's the reasoning ? 
   btw i suggest you to visit any other muslim country you wish to choose and see for yourself what ` political islamist ' really is . 
  this is our version of political islam . 
  these people are incompetent and political islam is dangerous for us , when you got a voter base of % 40 that will vote for you no matter what because you are `` true muslim '' you can get away with all the mistakes in the world , which the akp has and their mistakes are destroying turkey . 
  a lot has happened in the last few months , like in turkey im pretty sure the terrorism index right now is much bigger than in uk . 
  this ca n't be up to date, 
   erdo\u011fan said turkish authorities informed the belgian embassy in ankara in a note on july 14 , 2015 , that one of the brussels ' attackers was a foreign fighter , but that belgian authorities had released him after turkey deported him . 
    `` one of the perpetrators of the brussels attack is a person whom we detained in june 2015 in [ the southeastern province of ] gaziantep and deported , '' erdo\u011fan said at a joint press conference with his romanian counterpart in ankara . 
    `` we informed the brussels embassy of the deportation process of the attacker with a note on july 14 , 2015 . 
  however , the belgians released the attacker despite his deportation , '' erdo\u011fan said . 
    despite this information , the belgians could not determine any ties with terrorism , he said . 
    `` we also informed the netherlands [ about this information ] , '' said erdo\u011fan . 
    meanwhile , a belgian prosecutor said that two of the bombers , who blew themselves up in the deadly train and airport attacks in brussels , during which 31 people were killed and 270 others were injured , were brothers and were known by police for serious crimes . 
  links to last november 's paris massacre were also determined . 
  you want to hear something funny ? 
  istanbul 's governor claimed that the city was safe ; right after the warning from the german embassy that istanbul could be targeted by a terror attack between 18-22 of march . 
  1 day after the german embassy 's warning , the suicide attack that killed 5 people happened . 
  the incompetence is maddening ( political islamists tend to be incompetent apparently ?? ), 
  i do n't know how we are n't being suicide bombed on a daily basis really . 
  where do they send them then ? 
  all isis fighters should be imprisoned for life . 
  is n't your prime minister an atheist ? 
  he meant `` if you support terrorists , it will come back to bite you . '', 
  which makes no sense as he is/was talking about the pkk and they have zero reason to attack the west . 
  that 's so upsetting ... 
  sounds like the guy was just following the latest trends . 
  suicide bombs must be really convenient !, 
  it 's the best city in turkey for summer vacations . 
  before 2016 antalya was filled with so many russians that you could hardly run into any turks . 
  istanbul was the 9th most visited city in 2014 , antalya 11th . 
  of course the current situation in turkey will hurt tourism badly ; but before this mess we were doing pretty good tourism-wise . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/52a1c37869bedd476f5aaefd-960/independent-1993%20 ( 1 ) let 's see how this journey will end . 
  what the hell is going on with the media , this is an unusual amount of erdogan/turkey hate . 
  are we about to become the next iraq ? 
  : o edit : i am commenting on this because that 's not really what he said . 
  i have seen an unusual amount of articles as of late that take what he says completely out of context . 
  he is a lunatic that pretends to be democratic . 
  it could be worse ... 
  i do n't see why this is a problem , the first thing he is disintegrating is turkey so why do people care if he is a terrible ally ? 
  yes . 
  i ca n't find anything else to be happy about so i am happy that i did n't get blown up today , so should you . 
  it 's ok , they banned our potatoes and lemons . 
  do you really believe they will integrate in 5 years ? 
  also . . turks do n't integrate with europeans , why would syrians ? 
  do they seriously think this deal makes any sense ? 
  these retards are actually so stupid that they might be the most idiotic government we have ever had . 
  so let me get this straight ... we are going to get the refugees that europe is trying to keep out , just so they can become turkish citizens and go to europe with the visa free travel anyways ? 
  wtf ? 
  he does it intentionally, 
  but they wo n't . 
  the eu is an `` us vs. them '' club , that 's the entire point of it actually . 
  turkey does n't classify as `` us '' for the eu and that 's perfectly understandable . 
  nobody dragged anybody anywhere , this is the result of democracy . 
  western turks were turks that lived alongside greeks and eastern europeans for the most part , eastern turks lived with arabs . 
  ataturk tried to change that and he did succesfully make a huge portion of turkey nationalistic and made the country a secular republic ; but islam is islam . 
  eh , we had an 80 year break where the military forcefully tried to change our foreign policy . 
  that did n't work out and now we are just another islamic jihadist shithole country . 
  you should just ignore trolls like this, 
  you ca n't possibly compare the ira to pkk , the death toll is n't even close . 
  will you also achieve nothing but making yourself feel equal ? 
  is this better ? 
  why do we even care about feeling equal - this is not a good time to have inferiority complex and only makes us look worse . 
  it also legitimizes this shitty government . 
  the republic of turkey has never been in a worse position in it 's history . 
  this akp government will either get stronger or destroy the country with them - both options suck . 
  who cares . . 
  i personally am too depressed for my country and wo n't be sharing anything including this stupid `` will you be ankara '' thing . 
  it 's disrespectful to the families of the victims , they do n't care about random facebook posts . 
  facebook wo n't save our country . 
  you watch muhtesem y\u00fczyil ? 
  lol . 
  and yeah that 's an iconic love story but not our romeo & juliet, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/layla_and_majnun it 's a love story that originally belongs to arabs ; but was very popular in the ottoman empire and is the romeo & juliet of modern day turkey , iran , india and many arab nations . 
  turkey does support terrorism , most countries do but so do we ( mostly el-nusra and only oil trade with isis i think . ), 
  we also do kill innocent kurds , do you actually believe that there are no nutjobs in mit ? 
  did you see what happened to dilek dogan ? 
  though we do n't purposely target kurdish civilians and a lot of people try to make it seem like we are , that part is annoying but who cares ? 
  we are/were already hated by a lot of people as a nation , get used to it , it does n't matter .
