  do n't cover it up ; but also do n't make it such a big deal . 
  treat it as you treat other murders . 
  https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/terrorism  the unlawful use of violence and intimidation , especially against civilians , in the pursuit of political aims . 
  these terrorists are n't going to bring about the fall of western civilization by killing people . 
  antibiotics addiction is killing far more people than terrorists , are we talking about that as much ? 
  the end goal of these attacks are political . 
  being afraid of these attacks is of course not irrational , that 's not what i said at all . 
  but giving terrorists exactly what they want is something people should try to avoid . 
  bild is doing the work of the terrorists , if news media did n't cover terrorism there would be no point to it . 
  the h in the end is silent . 
  so it should be turki-ye, 
  eu does n't play rough . 
  if they did , they would do their best to put turkey in an economic crisis right now , while erdogan is campaigning for the presidential system . 
  there is still time for that to happen ; but im not very hopeful . 
  eu hates turkey 's leftist party because it 's a socialist party and we saw how eu treats socialists many times already . 
  do n't worry , even i forgot that when i first looked at the map . 
  what the guy above you meant is : for 500 years europe resisted the muslims , now they are just going to let them in . 
  sure they also fought each other but only when they were done with the muslims . 
  and i am not a big fan of islam either but if we were constantly electing liberal seculars then the eu would n't have any good reason to not let us in . 
  but according to some geniuses living in a muslim country means you are an islamist ; or it 's mostly about the skin color and they do n't like anyone who is n't from the germanic or slavic race . 
  edited because english is hard, 
  whenever polls do n't go erdogan 's way something terrible happens in turkey . 
  i wonder what it is going to be this time . 
  % 3 of the austrian population decided the election ? 
  well at least the germans remain sane . 
  germany and austria will be rewarded heavily for not electing populists if they manage to keep the eu together . 
  edit : grammar, 
  an economic crisis is ahead of us , if erdogan wins an election even after that i will officially start hating this country . 
  it actually is , the central asian turkic countries are far from being democratic . 
  his ministers do n't check international websites . 
  spam it on turkish websites , so either tweet him this all the time or post it on his facebook page if you want to grab his attention . 
  those values are not necessary for capitalism but they are for turkey . 
  we ca n't have a good economy if we distance ourselves from europe . 
  we do n't have any natural resources and we are doing very poorly when it comes to innovation and entrepreneurship . 
  hopefully yes . 
  ( i am just thinking long term ), 
  and 47 % find it negative , so erdogan is going against the will of the people that he so often claims to represent . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_turkey look at the `` main export partners '' . 
  that 's why . 
  what do you think happened during the coup in turkey ? 
  you can divide turkey up to a certain point politically but when shit hits the fan we will unite , we are not like iraq we wo n't revolt against erdogan if doing it has the potential of destroying our country . 
  i did n't criticize america , i just responded to you . 
  does n't mean i do n't agree with you , this has nothing to do with america and i do n't know why reyis123 brought it up . 
  no , they shoot and kill unarmed people because they are startled instead . 
  we are becoming a combination of saudi arabia and north korea . 
  the problem is religion not democracy , if we got rid of religion democracy would work perfectly fine . 
  we are much more reasonable . 
  and you have never seen the party we voted for in power so please do n't be prejudiced . 
  not everything he does is terrible , does n't make him the best turkish leader imo . 
  like the paris climate deal , the world needs a deal for population control . 
  it would be way harder to make but it 's necessary . 
  yes and almost all western leaders including trump support them . 
  then he goes and delivers a speech about defending western civilization against the ideology he is funding , and people call it a fantastic speech . 
  ok we get it , i do n't know why people even argue about this . 
  it 's white people that are europeans . 
  it 's fine , you are not a racist or bigot just because you think that . 
  we all know what people here would consider turkey if it was white and christian , like russia you would say `` turkey is culturally european . '', 
  ahh this beautiful country is run by such mongoloids . 
  it 's a tragedy ... 
  i think the us base there ( or us bases in general ) is too valuable for the us to abandon even if qatar is being annoying to them . 
  qatar was pursuing an independent agenda in the middle east , acting as a local power . 
  saudi arabia and other puppets of the us were n't happy about that , so they are lashing out while turkey ; another former us puppet that is now acting independently in the region is defending qatar . 
  if anyone has a better explanation of the geopolitical situation here i am willing to listen . 
  note : i have voted 3 times against erdogan in my lifetime and hate the muslim brotherhood , which is the `` ideology '' of erdogan and qatar 's leadership . 
  [ this is the population growth map for turkey ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-fa617091e78c74edee00a042c02c50a4 ) if kurdistan was a country alone it would have an absurd amount of population growth . 
  it was obviously an excuse because they do n't want to be crucified by % 90 of the turkish public , including the majority of the liberals by the way . 
  our liberals would be far-right wingers in most of europe now that i think about it , as most of them are protectionist ultra nationalists . 
  we were red before , now i think we are green but that law is n't even enforced . 
  a country that does n't recognize pontic turkish + azerbaijani genocide and invades un should n't be in the eu anyways . 
  http://aa.com.tr/en/economy/world-bank-raises-turkeys-economic-growth-forecast/834572 according to world bank turkey 's economy will grow by % 3,5 in 2017 . 
  the retards that worship this guy deserve 0 respect from anyone . 
   i do n't see how that plays a role here . 
  the way i understand the cover is that enough people have died and that she wants to put a stop to it . 
  i think the cover is mocking her statement not respecting it . 
   i strongly disagree , the open border policy of the last couple of years and the increased terror attacks show that . 
  being pro-immigration is mostly out of economic reasons like getting qualified people out of other countries migrating into your country ; or having more people in your workforce . 
  you can make a correlation between open borders = terrorism ; but that does n't mean liberal politicians are tolerating terrorism or they are pro-open borders because of multiculturalism . 
  in what way ? 
  may is n't pro-multiculturalism , she is the opposite as she is very anti-immigration . 
  no politician in the world is going to tolerate or invite terrorism because they want more multiculturalism . 
  in the cover it 's implied that she is damaged by these attacks , when it 's the opposite as she is a noeocon and terrorist attacks create support for interventionism . 
  also , the support for right-wingers grows in almost every country after a terrorist attack . 
  the people that support the terrorist sponsors are responsible for terrorism , not immigration . 
  also , if the neoliberals wo n't let people of islamic faith remain in your country then they ca n't create public support for their shit in the me . 
  most people are n't morally bankrupt like you so they wo n't support the killing of millions of innocent civilians for money and gepolitical influence . 
  no , it originated from western/me alliance during the cold war when terrorist attacks were n't exclusive to muslims . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_gladio right now saudi arabia is responsible for the big terrorist attacks that you see on the news , they radicalize mosques all over the world and fund terrorists . 
  when did i say eu should work with iran ? 
  just do n't be such a reliable ally of sa if you want to actually fight terrorism . 
  reform your mosques and get rid of the saudi influence , pressure them to stop funding terrorists . 
  these would easily slow down terrorism at the very least and the saudi family heavily relies on western support to stay in power , so they would have to comply . 
  hezbollah is like an external military of iran , they are nowhere near the same as isis or aq . 
  they also let people do whatever they want on places they occupy like in lebanon and not apply sharia law . 
  saudi arabia funds terrorists that kill civilians abroad . 
  sa is the source of all the terrorism in the world not iran ; they spread wahhabism and fund terrorist organizations like aq and isis . 
  the jihad against the west wahhabi ideology is a product of saudi arabia . 
  wahhabism is the violent sect of islam and saudi arabia funds it . 
  maybe your leaders should n't be so [ pro-saudi arabia ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/27/weapons-flowing-eastern-europe-middle-east-revealed-arms-trade-syria ) if they actually care about terrorism . 
  i understand being anti-immigration % 100 ; but hating merkel because of it ignoring everything else she does for europe ? 
  most other european countries have moved on long ago and now approve of merkel because she has learned her lesson , there has to be something especially hate filled with people that still disapprove of her because she let refugees in .
