  there may be some uninformed comments in the article ; but do n't you agree that he needs to resign or reform ? 
  not being a middle eastern country must be interesting for sure ... 
  i wonder what life is like without the occasional gunpowder and rockets . 
  `` turkey may be hosting far fewer than the 2.7 million syrian refugees declared in official figures , according to a controversial new claim . '', 
  `` an article in an online magazine by an aid worker and a former aid worker argues that ... '' i guess putting turkey in a bad light gets good clicks so people do n't give a shit if the news even make sense anymore . 
  yes the number of syrian refugees in turkey may be below 2.7 atm ; but there are other refugees/migrants that are n't syrian and the actual number may be greater than 2.7 million . 
  why would germany want to destabilize the eu when it 's the country that benefits the most from it ? 
  maybe you do ; but i do n't need to read that page . 
  the summary of media in russia is basically : some opposition media exists , they get thrown out of cable - they are n't very profitable . 
  in turkey there is a wider opposition , so erdogan has to violate media freedom way more often if he wants to manipulate the people . 
  i am not claiming to be an expert ; but apparently you are one so give me some examples of strong opposition media in russia instead of just acting edgy . 
  when literally all media is pro-putin , he has no reason to interfere . 
  he thinks convincing reddit will give him kurdistan by the way , press freedom in turkey has been under siege for a very long time . 
  the siege is about to be over now that 's all . 
  no i am pretty sure our nationalistic population is stupid enough that they hate greeks just as much if not more . 
  i did n't , the majority of greeks hate turks - i believe any greek here can confirm that for me . 
  it 's an ugly misleading title . 
  at least thanks to erdogan we now know how abusable our democracy is and hopefully when ( or if ) he is gone , we are going to fix our democracy and not let another erdogan happen ever again . 
  the wave of shit he has caused will be tough to deal with ; but we 've overcome worse . 
  i 've also heard that a lot of traditional armenians love anatolia as their home and despite the genocide have good memories of their motherland . 
  i hope we can someday resolve the armenian genocide issue and open our borders to armenians . 
  every armenian i 've met in turkey has been a wonderful person so far . 
  tourism wo n't grow for obvious reasons of terrorism in turkey ; but hopefully they keep their promises for once and do things that are benefical to both countries . 
  davutoglu and tsipras get together all the time , it usually means nothing . 
  greeks will keep hating our guts , we will keep violating their airspace , cyprus will remain fucked - business as usual . 
  yeah , the akp has supported a lot of women 's rights activities as well . 
  i am kind of proud that even the islamists in turkey tend to be moderates ( i hope it stays that way . ), 
  you got people like erdogan holding ceremonies for women 's day . 
  gender equality and treating women fairly is a big deal yes ; but not nearly enough to consider a society free . 
  he sounds like the kid that he is . 
  i can actually confirm % 100 that it wo n't . 
  `` turkey is one of the worst offenders of human rights . '', 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  you just get more media coverage of the crap that 's happening in our country because we are somehow integrated with the eu and nato . 
  why are you even taking him seriously ? 
  he thinks you can just threaten to embargo or hurt some country economically because you do n't enjoy their leverage against you , it 's ridiculous . 
  like , i doubt even north korea would do that . 
  this subreddit does n't represent europeans . 
  anatolian republic ? 
  i do n't know , the current name is not inclusive at all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_history_of_the_turkish_people turkish people are about % 2 turkic . 
  the country needs a name change . 
  i will eat my own feet the day that happens . 
  europe is losing their minds over the current refugee situation ( rightfully or not ) . 
  imagine if 70 million turkish muslims had visa free travel to europe . 
  lmao, 
  they did n't get permission to rally there , that 's reason enough to break up the rally . 
  women rallied in other places and there were no problems , these women refused to break up and resisted . 
  i am not saying that turkish police is-fair and tolerant at all ; but if you are going to rally around with communist flags and resist the police they are going to use some force to break you up . 
  the fact that they are women does n't change anything in this case . 
  no the flags are not illegal ; but communism in general is `` not appreciated . '', 
  the flags of course are n't reason enough to break the rally ; but they were n't allowed to rally there in the first place . 
  the red star ( they carried flags with a red star + woman symbol combination ) respresents communism . 
  the group that was rallying there ( ehp ) is a communist group . 
  it was one of the many rallies and one that was not given permission that had communist flags around ... reuters doing their best to send the message of `` women are oppressed in turkey . '', 
  - i got bad news for you reuters , they are as oppressed as everyone else . 
  unrelated to this ; but westerners really need to be educated on what life is like in muslim countries and what muslim people really think of the world . 
  i * might * be wrong on this ; but history books on an empire that invaded europe a billion years ago and isis may not be the best educators and maybe they do n't represent 1.5 billion muslims . 
  i am not saying islam is great or anything ; but kebab is and has nothing to do with islam :(, 
  hurriyet , posta , milliyet as newspapers . 
  kanald , cnn t\u00fcrk are impartial - star , show tv are sort of impartial . 
  these are just impartial medias by the way , not opposition . 
  no lithuanian snacks in istanbul :( or none that i know . . ill be looking into it . 
  there are . 
  opposition media still exists . 
  there are also many media outlets that are impartial . 
  the reason this particular newspaper was seized is because it was a part of the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%bclen_movement . 
  most media can not afford to be very pro-government as they need the ratings and most turkish people that use the internet , regularly watch the news and newspapers do n't like erdogan . 
  so we are east asian and romanic along with syrians and iraqis ? 
  i think the map for turkey should be more colorful than that . 
  by we i mean the elected goverment . 
  yes there is a lot of evidence on erdogan supporting isis but i do n't believe it 's happening anymore . 
  i think he did support isis , to overthrow assad and also maybe to legitimize pyd at the time ( while the peace process was still going . ), 
  you should read up on the peace process between this current , very greedy government and the pkk-pyd . 
  at that time supporting isis might 've been a strategically ok move . 
  it 's not like providing aid so that they can exist has anything to do with things like the paris attacks , isis started off with us weapons and a lot of funding from about 40 countries anyways . 
  why would we support isis for fighting the kurds i do n't understand why people keep saying this . 
  if `` the kurds '' fight isis that makes them heroes internationally and we all know nobody is going to let them ( isis ) run over the kurds so it means more ammo/aid for them . 
  those things are going in the opposite direction because of erdogan ; but turkish students still do n't learn about creationism outside of maybe religion classes . 
  turkey is one of the few countries that are laicite and not secular by the way . 
  it 's basically french secularism , which was maybe too harsh for a muslim country but it seems to have been effective ( at least for the most part ), 
  islam carries the risk of radicalism so even if turkey is more secular by a % 5 that is more dangerous . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jim-luce/secularism-surprisingly-m_b_212332.html i do n't know how accurate this article is but i still think turkey is one of the rare countries with a muslim population that do n't carry the risk of an islamic revolution . 
  you can watch the protests live https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxnl44nisza here . 
  come on ... 
  it was dhkp-c , another leftist terrorist group . 
  we never run short of leftist terrorists !, 
  they both use the hate and anger of the public and then `` divide and conquer . '', 
  literally what erdogan did/does . 
  he should n't have gotten % 40 in the first elections in the first place . 
  there are a lot of shitheads in turkey that vote for him because he is aggressive , pretty racist and just speaks his mind openly . 
  he is like the trump of turkey ... 
  eh , the country is still a kemalist country . 
  is n't the word `` kemalism '' still in the constitution ? 
  it would be a very big deal if he did n't have an ataturk portrait in the presidental palace . 
  and a good amount of his voters respect ataturk a lot . 
  not all of the % 50 are islamist shitheads ( most are just shitheads . ), 
  he has to have that . 
  it 's pretty much an unspoken rule . 
  and before everyone asks : no , this does not mean he gets jailed , gets 20 lashes and then beheaded .
