  europeans ca n't be unfair to us - we are being unfair to them by just existing . 
  so we have to make up for it by ignoring our national interests and becoming a constant dumping ground and a puppet state . 
  was n't morsi brotherhood democratically elected ? 
  was he actually a dictator or was he the standart western created `` i do n't like what this country is doing so i will associate it only with it 's leader who i will call a dictator . '', 
  type of dictator ? 
  the money has not been sent yet . 
  and no , you ca n't create great border protection with 3 billion euros . 
  anyway , turks do n't want this deal either . 
  what 's the point of this deal ? 
  it 's not beneficial for us in the slightest and all we do is get threatened , scrap it already we do n't need 3 million more islamists in our country . 
  be\u015fir and muhammet in turkish , we replace `` a '' with `` e '' when using arabic words and `` b '' with `` p '' most of the time . 
  for example , kebab is actually kebap in turkish , 
  which is still turkey . 
  let 's not discriminate , 
  because their coup failed and the turkish government is % 100 hostile to them right now . 
  see how some things make sense when you do n't run from every conspiracy theory because you are afraid of looking like a nut ? 
  i know right . 
  tends to happen when you are a bridge between nato and the middle east . 
  so this is not a false claim . 
  those are legitimate concerns but i think for most people it has gotten to the point of simply bashing turkey . 
   introducing death penalty would potentially be one it did n't happen and even if it did , it would n't be a fucked up thing . 
  the second one is fucked up yes ; but you ca n't blame the entire country for something like that . 
  come up with more i may be forgetting some other minor thing that does n't matter at all . 
  most of the `` fucked up '' stuff we did are made up . 
  give me examples i 'll explain one by one . 
  one thing that legitimately happened and is shitty : one female singer 's concerts were cancelled because she refused to attend the democracy rally . 
  that 's it . 
  erdogan has been absolutely pleasant after the coup attempt , for the first time i hate his supporters more than him . 
  yup that 's what i meant . 
  istanbul 's architecture is pretty ugly for the most part . 
  it 's a very clean city though , contrary to what most europeans think . 
  edit : grammar, 
  it will definitely get even better thanks to our joint projects and improved trade in the future . 
  yeah but the stupid amount of instability leads to people migrating outside the country , it 's to be expected . 
  they will hopefully come back in the future . 
  these people are using visas or green cards so relax . 
  because it goes against their interests , not because they want to prevent terrorism . 
  nobody is a good guy . 
  we have no interest in bullying armenia , azerbaijan does . 
  governments do n't go after others because they `` hate '' them . 
  edit : grammar, 
  putin and erdogan talked about this live ; but it 's not a `` joint defense plan '' it 's % 99 going to be intelligence sharing as nato wo n't allow a joint defense plan with russia ( or any other country . ), 
  they also got supported by us ; because they are not pkk . 
  3 , iraq does n't exist . 
  syria is weak , we 've gotten weaker . 
  eh ... not really . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/us-soldiers-ypg-patches-syria-2016-5 us is incredibly unpopular here . 
  russia is n't that unpopular especially because we are somewhat used to our russian neighbors . 
  the rumors flying around that russian intelligence helped erdogan foil the coup plan turned everything around , now our citizens probably like russia more than any other country on earth . 
  nationalism, 
  yeah , for comparison our dip will be way worse i am pretty sure . 
  fyi memers : brain health = / = intelligence . 
  looks like an economic growth map , besides germany ? 
  i explained how in one of my previous posts [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4wfsj0/austrian_farright_leader_likens_turkish_coup_to/d66qzj0 ), 
  this is the only thing in 15 years that the secular turks agree with erdogan on . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/what-the-western-media-doesnt-seem-to-get.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=101983&amp;newscatid=411 ) is an article from an opposition news source . 
  maybe your media is n't as biased as bbc or cnn ; but that does n't matter because your state does n't matter and just goes along with the nato narrative on everything . 
  and yes the turkish media is n't free ; but we at least got different opinions in the media on foreign policy issues instead of all the media lining up behind the government on everything like in the us . 
  edit : poster above changed his tone by editing so i did the same . 
  provide me with proof that this purge has anything to do with kemalism being snuffed out . 
  so far the opposite has happened and the kemalists got more positions in every government institution , replacing the gulenists . 
  this might surprise you : but we know who is who here . 
  we know which newspaper is gulenist , which hospital is gulenist , which schools or charter schools are gulenists and now after the coup also which army generals are gulenists . 
  but in turkey if you use it as an insult you might get arrested . 
  and you know the reality better because when your media only gives you 3 pieces of the entire context that 's real journalism ? 
  i am surprised it 's so low, 
  turkish authorities did say they needed support ; that does n't mean it was their response when asked to give proof . 
  there is plenty of proof available , including dozens of confessions and ex leaders of the gulenist movement helping the government battle the movement . 
  the documents are already sent to the us government , they are not made public because we are n't russia so we are n't trying to convince anyone besides the governments of countries . 
  yes . 
  i understand why they seem like a very convenient scapegoat ; but the facts are out there ( just not in the western media . ), 
  ok , besides the fact that gulen wants to turn turkey into an islamic state ruled by him as the supreme leader ; here is a small example : turkey 's biggest military hospital is called gata . 
  one very successful professor in gata was working on schizophrenia and addictive minds . 
  right now you need medication for your entire life to treat schizophrenia ; but he was doing good progress at finding out a permanent cure for the disease ... until he randomly got prisoned by gulenists during the ergenekon trials for `` plotting a coup '' when he has nothing to do with the military at all . 
  why ? 
  because gulenists do n't give 0 shits about turkey , they only care about islam and intentionally hold turkey from making progress in any area . 
  except , the us media did n't make false news like `` hitler ran away to great britain '' during the reichstag fire . 
  right ? 
  that 's not all that happened + millions of people pouring into streets is a very strong deterrent . 
  he is not my lord and master , not every person who loves turkey loves erdogan . 
  whataboutism is a form of distraction , `` yes i did that ; but you did this ! '', 
  when someone criticizes you for doing something when they are also doing it and you point it out , it 's not called whataboutism it 's called exposing the hypocrisy . 
  it 's not whataboutism , the two actions are the same thing . 
  you do n't seem to understand how whataboutism works . 
  because eu does n't do any of that . 
  keep believing in fairy tales about how the west does n't use terrorism as a part of their foreign policy to expand their powers ; but instead focuses on destroying them completely because they kill less people than broken glasses do in a year . 
  it is very possible that as soon as there is a good eastern alternative to the west , we will abandon the west . 
  for that reason they will never fully commit to being our friends ; but instead be `` allies . '', 
  he will die before he is returned , which is probably convenient for some peeps . 
  fuck this cunt . 
  that 's because turkey is a nato ally and that 's what nato does , harbor and arm terrorists and use them for benefit to be able to weaken countries like yours through geopolitical ways . 
  the reason the world knows of our terrorism support a little better is because the gulenists leaked it . 
  the us just did n't like it when we became close with russia and china a little bit so they decide to create a kurdistan corridor south of our borders so we can become less influential as that corridor would be another really convenient gateway between the east and the mediterranean sea . 
  this is what happens when there is one sole world leader , that leader starts punishing it 's own allies if they are not playing % 100 by their rules . 
  yes ; but he for sure is n't going to make a referandum on `` do you forgive erdogan ? '', 
  he will just assume that we do . 
  ( we do n't ), 
  i think probably all of our southeast kurds responded no to this question . 
  the west is n't honestly trying to end terrorism completely ; but we are n't either . 
  nobody is , besides russia .
