  there are way more than the ones that got arrested . 
  i guess you know better than actual turks living in turkey then . 
  it 's interesting how the western media is only ever allowed to call some major event like this a conspiracy when they do n't like the government in power . 
  i am very anti-akp , see my post history if you want proof . 
  but i find this western narrative of calling this coup a hoax malicious . 
  it 's because the people claiming this are possibly gulen propagandists online that twist everything and turn it into `` see ? 
  erdogan is responsible for this car crash too ! '', 
  they try to increase the tension inside the country by turning the seculars against the erdogan mob . 
  constant false news about erdogan islamizing the country ( he does ; but these people exaggerate it ) or letting terror attacks happen on purpose or claiming that erdogan wants to start a civil war inside turkey . 
  also claims about erdogan supporting isis and his corruption ; but these two claims are actually backed with proof . 
  these gulenists are masters at manipulating the social media and in general manipulation really . 
  but i am not comfortable with these guys investigating everyone who said it was a hoax , i do n't trust them not to abuse their power . 
  we are in a really shitty situation here ... 
  http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=turkish%20prison oh well , maybe we are filthy savages after all . 
  no they are kurds , what im telling you is that this person says they met `` turks '' in the uk ; but why would a kurd in the uk say they are turkish ? 
  % 40 of registered turks in the uk voted and half of them voted for the kurdish party . 
  kurds in the uk ( or anywhere outside of turkey ) do n't really introduce themselves as turks . 
  i know some turks like that , they are very snobby too . 
  some of my turkish relatives that live in netherlands that * looked * fairly integrated into european culture were complaining about the turks in germany ; because apparently most male turks go there and become gay and women become whores ( i am not kidding . ), 
  a lot more turks in netherlands are political than the ones in germany or austria . 
  the majority votes akp . 
  it should be `` more '' turkish brain drain . 
  a lot of educated turks already go to germany with many special education programs and some schools in turkey offering abitur . 
  germany and austria are the two countries we send the most educated people to yet these countries complain more about turks than poor netherlands where the number of educated turks are significantly lower . 
  lol, 
  it increased significantly with the arrival of syrians . 
  it 's not the brainwashing , he is right . 
  it 's not just the kemalists that believe he is purging almost all gulenists ( and coup supporters with him ) it 's also the kemalist party . 
  maybe you should n't speak big pm guy now that you 've singlehandedly dismantled the army . 
  the once glorious turkish army is now a shitshow . 
  you got very high standarts for isis, 
  racist is a popular word people use because you get the idea of what im trying to say , my last sentence in my previous post is what i mean if im calling someone racist . 
  who cares if `` racist '' or `` bigot '' are n't technically correct word to use in this context ? 
  this is the other argument that racists use all the time , `` you are the one who 's racist for bringing race up in the first place thehe '' use logical arguments like `` islamic countries have n't contributed anything to society in the last 500 years '' and we got a discussion . 
  trying to hide your racism with vague statements is so pointless . 
  i 'm not a fan of islam either ; but when you generalize i become one of the people that you are targeting and im not the only one . 
  how ? 
  they are pissed enough and probably still living in pain . 
  in what way would it help them to know in detail how their loved ones died ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's called either turkish bath or hamam ( hammam ), 
  turkish bath . 
  it 's a very uncomfortable thing for some , the opposite for others . 
  the state actively works starting from education to make sure people think the genocide is a lie . 
  it 's not like people that are denying it do so because they just hate armenians out of nowhere . 
  that 's why i think trump is going to win and polls failed to predict erdogan 's victory this last election . 
  people lie in polls guys . 
   you 're president is an islamist , and you 're more and more quickly heading down that path . 
  yes , for the last 16 years . 
  after 16 years of islamization , there are finally few people that are intolerant and attack people who drink alcohol . 
  i would argue that as a society we are still more secular than every other muslim majority country , our founding father was an atheist and we were all taught to worship him after all . 
  us and nato are arming is by constantly `` accidentally '' dropping weapons for them . 
  they want to put all the blame on us it 's fine ; but most countries support terrorists as part of their foreign policy . 
  you are making it sound like we are an exception or something , the only reason we may be an exception is because erdogan 's government was very incompetent at supporting terrorists and getting what he wants and it backfired on us . 
  we kenya now bois, 
  the rhetoric at that time was `` let 's get rid of this brutal dictator and bring democracy to iraq and make it a peaceful place ! '', 
  declare war on turkey while at it ; because erdogan is mean . 
  most banks have decided they are not leaving the uk anyways . 
  uk 's economy is super strong , they can handle it . 
  i hate whoever started this trend, 
  we complain when it 's against white turks as well : /, 
  ahh , even his loyal audience today barely even cheered for him when he talked about granting syrians citizenship , it was glorious . 
  for your last question : no . 
  they obviously wanted to remove kebab from anatolia as well ; but luckily were too busy dealing with their own shit . 
  what happened in italy ? 
  what the hell is this article, 
  if our gdp per capita and foreign language education gets better , yes . 
  for now we need a secular conservative government , which is perfectly possible and is the best we can hope for . 
  eu would help us out a lot if it was a possibility ; but we can also help ourselves out by not being idiots . 
  the eu would instantly collapse if we joined anytime soon . 
  there has been so many negative framing of turks and turkey that it would take about 10 years of brainwashing and positive framing for people to be accepting of us . 
  it would n't and it 's not about us sorting ourselves out . 
  only % 40 of turks in germany vote , you are exaggerating how nationalistic they are . 
  did you ever even meet a turk in germany or did you just read an article online that says % 80 of turks live off welfare in germany ? 
  maybe without the constant sanctions russia would be less of an aggressor in eastern europe ? 
  edit : i was asking a question . . smh, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_secret_army_for_the_liberation_of_armenia what armenian nationalists are doing today is use lobbying instead of terrorism for their armenian homeland . 
  i know a lot of people that have been to armenia , virtually in every place you go there you can see a picture of greater armenia that includes a huge chunk of eastern turkey in it ; the same land that pkk claims is theirs . 
  i hope a turkish government agrees to cede some part of eastern anatolia to both the armenians and the kurds in the future ( especially armenians deserve it ) . 
  i am too tired of this territorial dispute shit ; just give us a part of syria or something so that we can put our 3 mil refugees there and we are cool , 
  some of our football fans would probably boo that as well anyway . 
  we suffered/suffer worse attacks than this , we lost more than 800 soldiers/police and 250 civilians in half a year . 
  we honestly do n't need/care about your sympathy at this point , yes it 's nice but whoever did this gesture that apparently annoys you so much did n't really do a lot . 
  you are right though that the int media chooses to cover some tragedies more than others for some reason . 
  btw a lot of turkish immigrants in austria are the result of braindrain . 
  1/3 of my friends study there and we got many study programs around a lot of universities where they send the best students to study in vienna or germany . 
  for the most part you are not even getting the low-wage worker turks ; but educated and qualified ones . 
  the fact that our government ca n't do a thing about this ( in reality wo n't because they are afraid it will affect the economy ) and akp supporters are perfectly ok with it is super frustrating to me . 
  we are not even told why we are getting constantly attacked , why we ca n't have tighter security measures , why we ca n't go into syria and end this shit ; we just need to live in fear but somehow that 's super ok for erdogan supporters . 
  in fact , erdogan supporters will call you `` traitors '' if you dare to blame the government for not taking responsibility . 
  i hope donald trump uses turkey as a tool as well to get elected . 
  declare turkey a `` terrorist supporting country '' and block immigration ; win by a landslide . 
  * i love it *, 
  stop feeding the troll, 
  yeah you are going to have a hard time finding a lot of turks that are n't either nationalists or very conservative . 
  most of the crap that happened , happened right after he got elected . 
   and also , islam is a religion , not a `` race '' . 
  yes and people are using the word `` racism '' as a replacement for bigotry in that case . 
  islam is n't a religion , islamaphobia is a real thing ; for a good reason or not . 
   its true though .
