  just enjoy the cultural mix . 
  the one thing i would change is everyone singing english-pop style music . 
  every country should stick to their own music [ culture ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwfkwsr9yv4 ) even if the songs are in english , the culture is what makes eurovision great . 
  when listening to a song in eurovision or watching a performance , i should be able to at least guess the country . 
  otherwise it 's not fun , like how am i even supposed to enjoy azerbaijani culture by watching [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dix6xj_uo-w ) ? 
  erdogan did every unlawful thing possible to block the congress of the only other popular right-wing party with the potential of stealing his votes . 
  was super funny . 
  i loved it , it 's definitely a cultural thing . 
  i also love greece 's songs all the time . 
  but is the europe map true sized ? 
  because if it 's not ( and it does n't look like it is ) then this map makes no sense . 
  why is that ? 
  it 's ok we still love you , worst case scenario we unite against europe amirite ? 
  cyprus is not european, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute when it comes to cyprus , you included cyprus in the eu after we `` invaded '' it so no . 
  and it happened 42 years ago . 
  ok that actually makes sense thanks . 
  no , it just means iran is % 30 liked ; while bulgaria is % 47 liked . 
  lithuania would be the most disliked country if what you said was true . 
  wait what ? 
  4.3 % just in the first quarter ? 
   just a couple of days ago davatoglu threatened that turkey was in serbia and that they will be in serbia again sure that happened . 
  according to youtube/kurdistan turks in the parliament also threaten to genocide the kurds so why not . 
  even if he did say that , there is a big difference between threatening to do something and actually doing it . 
  one is the most secular country in the middle east , other is a muslim country becoming less and less secular . 
  usually people that shit on turkey for everything will not let you say anything negative about israel . 
  israel is hated by the eu ? 
  it 's really shocking to me that people who despise turkey so much also dislike israel . 
  it 's also funny that people like russia more than turkey when russia is literally militarily aggressive towards europe today . 
  a dictator can be democratically elected . 
  in fact , most dictators are democratically elected . 
  lol, 
  we drink both a lot tbh ; usually women drink coffee and men drink tea . 
  funny thing is , women `` become '' psychics right after drinking their turkish coffee and do '' [ coffee whispering ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/coffee-psychic-featured-bravo-rhony-reality-jolt-article-1.2328822 ) '' it 's funny because according to islam fortune telling is a sin ; but most turks are hypocritical muslims anyway . 
  this guy gets it , this plan is probably not even real ; it was implemented to keep erdogan under control . 
  sad how we are not even allies of the west anymore . 
   mostly turkish ones . 
  no , all historic claim . 
  give me one reliable evidence that proves you right . 
   but the ottomans who controlled thrace and anatolia were invaders themselves . 
  i do n't see how they get the moral upper hand . 
  if they do n't care about the independence of the christians , why should the christians care about their independence ? 
  besides they would still have land , just not the one with the christians on it . 
  but they did n't have the moral upper hand , they fought a war . 
  i am done responding now , bye . 
   any islamic areas given to greece in that treaty was made up for by greek areas elsewhere in anatolia being part of an eventual turkish state . 
  yes , same thing is happening in israel right now . 
  a lot of nations on earth are built on the homeland of others . 
   muslims were the largest group across the region , but if you were to add and subtract the greeks from capadoccia , black sea and istanbul , how can you come to the conclusion that the treaty of sevres was unfair in favour of greeks ? 
  that 's not how it works , would it make sense if we asked to trade kurdistan for a portion of greece or syria today ? 
  it would n't . 
   why was smyrna called the city of infidels then ? 
  ultra-conservative muslims called all turks that lived alongside greeks infidels ; not just smyrna . 
   the ottomans were not kicked out of greece , bulgaria , serbia , egypt through demographic censuses . 
  those things were irrelevant to them . 
  they had to be killed through war for the christian/non-turkish majority lands to be independent yes and we had to kill a whole lot of invaders to remain independent ; nobody pulled back just because of demographic censuses ( that were created by our invaders ironically . ), 
   btw i 'm not saying at all that all of the lands of the ottomans had turkish majorities , because many of them like thrace , smyrna , van simply did n't historic evidence disagrees with you on that claim . 
   no they do n't . 
  in fact christians like armenians have pretty good relations with muslims and continue to choose to live in countries with muslim majorities . 
  turks do n't dislike all christians either , mostly the western christians . 
   it is . . what is now turkey was n't uniformly muslim or turkish so i 'm not sure why the treaty of sevres was so unfair . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_ottoman_empire turks were majority everywhere on that map at the time , greeks tried ethnic cleansing turks in izmir to get the city ; they were genocided instead . 
  so are you saying that the west let the turks keep turkey ; eventhough the turks would n't have let them do the same in a similar situation ? 
  because that 's not what happened ; [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_war_of_independence ) war happened instead . 
   if it is , then everyone should hate muslim countries because of the ottoman occupation of christian territory yes and they do , especially previously ottoman occupied countries . 
   furthermore , that treaty does n't look that unfair considering turkish muslims were not majority in all the areas of modern-day turkey . 
  the territories ceded to greece and armenia sound about right given the demographics across the region . 
  that 's not true . 
  that entire map ( every single city/province ) was majority turkish at the time so no : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_ottoman_empire, 
  most people think turkey hates christians because of the assyrian , greek and armenian genocides ; but those genocides were all committed by `` progressive '' nationalists called the young turks that thought islam was a backwards religion . 
  do turks hate most christian countries ? 
  yes . 
  but [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a0/treatyofsevres_%28corrected%29.png ) is the reason for it not islam . 
  i did *, 
   obviously it 's a word we use all the time , it 's so common . 
  yep . 
  we obviously do n't like nobody does with their longest words ; but because of our sentence and word structure we do have a lot of long words , like in german . 
  i am an atheist and it 's actually % 0 success because pointing out a fact about israel is anti-semitic according to everyone . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  they have to respect our borders , we are the second largest army in nato they ca n't just declare jihad on us and invade . 
  regardless , isis attacked turkey the most after syria and iraq via rockets flying over our borders or suicide attacks . 
  what about israel not getting attacked by isis ever ? 
  this muslim-extremist cult that targets muslims it calls `` infidels '' % 95 of the time somehow does n't ever attack the jewish state next to it . 
  i guess isis is more scared of israel than the entire world ; because it literally dragged the entire world into the conflict in syria including countries like china ; but when it comes to israel they get scared . 
  even then the article is mostly just commentary and there 's no solid proof of that statement, 
   turkey openly threatened to intervene if armenia attempted to invade nakhchivan . 
  what ? 
  when ? 
  militarily turkey does nothing , the blockade may hurt armenia but nukes are certainly not needed to resolve that issue . 
  why are people here describing turkey as a hostile country to armenia ? 
  the turkish government randomly voices support for azerbaijan in the border conflict ; but does n't really do anything . 
  armenia has no reason to resort to nuclear weapons , it will unnecessarily hurt their economy . 
  probably a similar situation to turkey letting most europeans travel visa-free ; but europeans requiring visa for turks entering europe . 
  there are multiple reasons ; the biggest one is illegal workers . 
  we need to make iskender global , people will love it and it will make us a lot of monies . 
  kebab is only a small portion of our amazing food culture . 
  they are constantly corrected by people like me that know that turkey supported terrorists in syria . 
  the argument is though `` so did everyone else '', 
  nuke turkey into oblivion , problem solved forever . 
  keep istanbul though , the greeks will want it .
