  i have never seen western media not agree on anything , especially british and the us media agree on % 95 of things . 
  that 's not how free media works , before erdogan even the turkish media had 4-5 different opinion on every issue ; because they were n't government controlled or `` influenced '' like the western media . 
  we have n't gotten more religious ; but the religious people have gotten more radical . 
  much thanks to saudi arabia . 
  what more power can he grab ? 
  as a symbolism that we are allies of europe more than anything . 
  besides the verbal diarrhea we are still doing all the work nato tells us to do ( border with syria almost completely closed ) , holding the refugees and letting any eu country use our bases . 
  if there is a kurdish corridor south of turkey though , then the eu does n't need us for most things . 
  that 's why the kurdish issue is such a big issue for turkey . 
  a kurdish corridor that connects southern turkey to western syria would make us lose significant geographical strength . 
  more like 300 . 
  i love this action packed country full of morons and ancient heritage and a history of brutality and conflict and loneliness . 
  come visit if you are bored of your life , it 's all fun and games in turkey . 
  yeah when the state [ supports ] ( http://rudaw.net/mobile/english/middleeast/turkey/14072016 ) their terrorists so much they do n't have any reason to be not allright . 
  he rolled so much he turned into dust at this point . 
  but while slamming west all the time akp mps also have been praising ataturk a lot lately , i do n't know if it 's for show or whatever but makes me feel a little less depressed . 
  that would happen if we were heading for a breakup , we are not . 
  how so merciful of you ... lmao . 
  because when your answer to everything that hurts our nation is `` erdogan is an islamist authoritarian '' we start to get pissed off . 
  history is n't written before it happens , let 's wait and see how things unfold . 
  i do n't want the west to lose as it represents most of the good in humanity ; china and russia are n't nations that should have an even bigger influence in the world . 
  though in my opinion the us is n't a good world leader either . 
  its ideology has promoted corruption , great income inequality , pollution , terrorism and mass manipulation . 
  i wish eu could take the role of the us ; but eu does n't seem to be willing to do it and brexit might have made it impossible anyways . 
  people should be able to hate erdogan and at the same time not get mad over him demanding things he was promised . 
  `` but erdogan is a dictator so everything we do is justified '' - the response you will get here . 
  if you are n't going to honor the deal then do n't make it in the first place . 
   but it does n't help democracy that 's a more complicated issue . 
  if you arrest people that are against democracy , are you also against democracy ? 
  the answer is probably yes ; but i still ca n't help but feel good about it like w4hammer because islamists are destroying each other inside turkey and erdogan does n't have many people besides the seculars to help him . 
  it 's somehow doing well . 
  probably has something to do with oil prices dropping and us not having any oil . 
  you are wrong then . 
  the branch of the army that tried to take over the government were n't seculars , they were as islamist as erdogan if not more . 
  at least erdogan needs to respond to the akp voter base and as a populist do as they wish . 
  half the akp voter base do n't want sharia law , it 's a shitty democracy but still sort of a democracy . 
  an islamist military group taking over the country would n't be a shitty democracy , it would be iran . 
  he did n't specify . 
  `` with allah 's help , we shall conquer you '' that 's not what anyone said there . 
  but i am pretty convinced that you people are being ignorant on purpose here so whatever . 
   like , how valuable are turkish immigrants that these type of events are some how worth it ? 
  deport all 3 million back to turkey please , we could use the economic boost . 
  yes but us not listening to the west is much more inconvenient for the west than hungary not listening to them . 
  gulenists were already being purged before the coup , news of journalist and media oppression were mostly about them . 
  they probably rushed the coup because they were going to be purged from the military at the start of august . 
  these people are in every government institution and `` secretive '' is n't enough to describe how shady they are . 
  they are not easy to get rid of . 
  because it 's true . 
  i laugh at claims that we think this because erdogan owns the media . 
  news flash : he owned the media for a long time and we did n't believe him on anything else he said we are n't believing the gulenist theory because we got scared ; we believe it because we are citizens of this country and we actually know what 's going on . 
  i know that was a joke ; but the coup was n't and yes i am butthurt . 
  especially over what im hearing on cnn int and bbc , taking things out of context for their own narrative is something western media is great at . 
  it 's also the turkish view now and it connects all the dots so i will choose to believe it at least until something else makes more sense , which i doubt will happen . 
  you try to turn turkey into egypt and cry when we burn your flags ? 
   so i gather it 's between choosing the less of two evils . 
  yes  it 's just that what you 'll be left with is one `` evil '' with nothing to balance or counteract it . 
  if you are talking about the army , there are n't many people to replace the gulenists besides the seculars that were purged in 2009 by the gulenists . 
  i do n't know why it is exactly ; but islamists are n't good at commanding armies , there were almost no islamists in the military besides the gulenists that are n't secular . 
  it 's probably because you need to be a nationalist in the military ; but islamists usually are n't . 
  besides the army , the opposition to erdogan is the same as it has always been . 
  gulenists are much more institutionalized than erdogan 's crew . 
  and they were in bed together for so many years that erdogan has to target some of his own crew now . 
  and you are right , it is erdogan vs gulenists . 
  but if erdogan wins that means we get rid of a cult that has been trying to islamize this country for the past 40 years and has been sneaky and very smart at gaining power . 
  gulenists are a much bigger poison to this country in the long run than erdogan ; because erdogan is at least somewhat patriotic , gulenists on the other hand only care about what fethullah gulen tells them to do . 
  all the coup plotters were gulenists , they are known to be gulenists in the army and to the public . 
  the opposition supports the purge and [ asked for gulen to be extradited ] ( http://www.worldbulletin.net/headlines/175459/turkish-chp-leader-backs-calls-for-gulen-extradition ) . 
  there are whatsapp messages of the coup plotters about the coup , a few coup plotters admitting it was them and such . 
  gulen has been the enemy since 2013 , in fact all the news of erdogan shutting down newspapers and arresting journalists were also related to gulen since then . 
  remember how he took control of the `` biggest '' newspaper in turkey months ago ? 
  gulenists were subscribed to their newspaper to make it seem like a big newspaper . 
  i agree with you that it is indeed very hypocritical of erdogan to accuse gulenists of everything partly because he empowered them so much for 10 years before they turned on each other . 
  but now he turned against the biggest enemy of seculars inside turkey and while everybody in the west thinks `` this is it for turkey '' us seculars are very happy with the purge . 
  gulenists are not `` opposition '' they are part of an islamists cult where you listen to your leader only . 
  the cult that just attempted the coup , proof is out there just not in western media sources . 
  gulenists have sneaked into every single government institution , mostly with the help of erdogan who i hope regrets it a lot by now . 
  people keep repeating `` death of secular turkey '' everywhere ; but for some reason nothing ever happens to seculars after this coup ? 
  erdogan must be missfiring a lot . 
  oh wait , maybe he is actually fighting gulenists that attempted the coup and not using a coup he staged to get rid of opposition ? 
  oh no that ca n't be , my very trustworthy sources of government propaganda called cnn , abc , nbc , bbc have shown me 10 bearded men , the news of journalists and academics being jailed and fethullah gulen saying it was maybe a staged coup so that must be all the context there is !, 
  these last few months have shown me why russians complain about western media all the time . 
  it is for good reason . 
  i do n't see how , as we have no reliable allies . 
  we are stuck in the middle in every way possible . 
  nothing , what 's your point ? 
  i am mad about it and wanted to say it . 
  no , us has a lot of nukes inside turkey in their own bases that are % 100 us controlled . 
  it is actually a funny situation , as the us is supplying weapons for the ypg from our incirlik base and then pkk acquires some of those weapons to kill our soldiers , the us is one hell of an ally . 
  turkey  secular democracy  erdogan, 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36881943 this does n't mean erdogan jails people that are n't pro akp enough https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/4u4x4w/erdogans_fans_ransack_a_bookshop_their_biggest/ this has nothing to do with what we are talking about right now , yes we got morons in the country . 
  a lot of them in fact . 
   everytime erdogan wants to arrest a couple thousand of his potential political opponents to beat them in jails , he just yells al qaeda !, 
  american fifth collumn !, 
  polish immigrants stealing your bread !, 
  `` gullenists ! '', 
  and everyone buys it . 
  oldest trick in the book . 
  gulenists are not erdogan 's political opponents . 
  gulenists are islamists and so far the only people that are being removed from the institutions are gulenists . 
  you do n't believe that there are so many gulenists that snuck into government institutions ?
