  it 's interesting what you choose to focus on . 
  if you think news are covering for terrorists though , they would do that by not covering terrorism at all not by failing to identify the perpetrators . 
  the timeline after 7th of june proved how stupid nationalists can be . 
  this is how you pay for asking american corporations to pay taxes i guess . 
  there are a lot of countries in this world that can work while being multicultural and there are other things that unite them . 
  but for some countries that is not the case and they need to preserve their culture . 
  terribly ; our last 5 years have been the worst in our republic 's history . 
  for now . 
  i know , have fun voting for far-right climate change denying populists because you are scared of turks . 
  brexit was wonderful , geert wilders will be another wonderful thing happening to europe . 
  no , none at all . 
  our ex-prime minister talking about skopje as `` a part of our homeland '' has nothing to do with neo-ottomanism . 
  our policy in syria has nothing to do with neo-ottomanism either . 
  this is so boring , everybody in europe uses us for votes . 
  removing gaddafi destroyed libya , killed thousands of innocents , gave isis another hub and significantly worsened the refugee crisis . 
  maybe europe should put its own interests first and not back everything the us does because of nato . 
   eu will border directly to islam states it already does . 
  and eu bordering iraq and syria wo n't change anything - and i am not arguing that turkey joining eu would be more positive than negative . 
  i am saying that there are some positives of turkey joining the eu for the eu and it 's not all negative . 
  imagine a new country called united states of europe . 
  now imagine how beneficial it would be if that united states of europe included a country that has such an important geographical location like turkey . 
  i think it 's a big deal , the drawbacks might be bigger but people on this subreddit act like there are no positives of turkey joining the eu . 
  that 's nice and not the definition of racism at all . 
  why is nobody ever focusing on the positives of turkey joining the eu ? 
  there are a lot of them especially geopolitically and economically . 
  islam does the same for most and then for others it promotes terrorism . 
  we do n't need religion at this day and age , all we need is empathy . 
  first italy and then romania ? 
  please not istanbul next , we ca n't handle an earthquake with our terrible infrastructure . 
  yes and we are the mexicans of europe if not worse . 
  i am also pretty sure that the fearmongering of turkey joining eu and turkish migrants pouring into the uk made the % 4 difference ( at least ) in favor of brexit . 
  yeah , just need thousand more years . 
  happy independence day !, 
  but no eastern anatolia for you . 
  gdp per capita does n't always determine that . 
  china has an army of cheap labor force and of course those people are n't living comfortably . 
  why am i reading about this everywhere ? 
  does n't russia have a modern day kgb anyway ? 
  i guess someone needs to be demonized ... 
  they did when it first happened . 
  you ca n't put sanctions on turkey every time you feel like it . 
  the army does n't have to be an interventionist one , it would just make it much easier for europe to have a foreign policy independent from the us . 
  i do n't like the us being this influential in the middle east . 
  europe can create a balance of powers . 
  i am sick and tired of terrorism and if the us is allowed to have so much influence in the region terrorism is n't going to go away . 
  please get rid of the uk quick and make this a reality already . 
  isis made significant gains after the us and australian jets `` accidentally '' dropped several bombs on the syrian army while trying to help them . 
  they have never tried to help them before in the last 5 years and did n't even contact russia about wanting to help the saa . 
  but it was definitely an accident !, 
   economically that part has nothing to do with you getting bombed . 
   civilized , socially secured sure ; we all want to blame you for giving us someone as horrible as hitler so that the us and the uk get moral highground forever for that reason . 
  it would n't even have to be liberal if salafism was n't a problem . 
  anatolians have their own branch of hanafi islam and it 's normally very tolerant ; but salafis are poison and they are increasing in number and it 's a big problem not just for turkey but for the rest of the world as well . 
  our big cities are getting more expensive to live in ; but people do n't want to live anywhere else . 
  the government also taxes like crazy because erdo\u011fan needs another palace . 
  that highly depends on the location . 
  istanbul is like a mini turkey , you need to be good at picking where to go if you want to have a good time . 
  they are free to die , does n't mean they are getting their own state . 
  especially if it means they are carving half of turkey out while also capturing oil zones in syria and iraq , acting as a puppet of gladio and still being a very important part of the global drug trafficking infrastructure . 
  sure , like the `` jews are behind everything '' non-sense . 
  but conspiracies regarding the us involvement in the middle east are n't non-sense . 
  to be able to win in the me is important for super-powers , cold-war proves this . 
  they have a history of doing it . 
  because violent bigots are reserved people ? 
  there are a lot of nationalistic english people , they do n't really care about race . 
  maybe in your culture . 
  though i do n't think your statement is true even for croatians as these types of soap operas are really popular in croatia . 
  the argument is that the `` browner '' people are making a lot of children so they are invading europe without violence . 
  which is an argument i do n't get , if you have an aging population problem it 's not going to go away if africans remain in africa . 
  our european union minister made it clear that we are n't going to unleash refugees on europe . 
  the only reason we pressure europe about that is because we want to setup a safe zone in northern syria which the us blocks us from doing for some reason . 
  if you take everything our government says seriously you are going to have a bad time ( i should clarify that this rule excludes some sane people in our government like our eu minister . ), 
  mediterraneans like life , understandable as the food alone is a good enough reason to keep living . 
  finally a word we use that is of turkic origin . 
  i agree , both countries look ugly like this . 
  turkey 's shape is so weird ... 
  some might dare to change it , they wo n't be able to . 
  have you ever been to turkey ? 
  our secular and free social lifestyle . 
  people try so hard to look for an open society in the middle east , it already exists !, 
  and nobody can change it . 
   their main target are the kurds everyone knows that . 
  again , not kurds ; but pkk . 
  and yes our main target is the pkk , it 's not like we are hiding it . 
  http://aa.com.tr/en/turkey/pkk-pyd-same-thing-says-krgs-barzani/542781 http://www.dailysabah.com/war-on-terror/2016/02/20/archives-testimonies-confirm-pydypgs-organic-link-with-pkk-terror-organization which is the same thing as pkk . 
  pkk * both can be done at the same time by the way . 
  more than 10 villages were captured from isis yesterday , jarablus was also under isis control before . 
  im glad turkey is n't included in this map . 
  does the world actually have be destroyed by climate change for the us to understand that a mixed economy is way better than crony capitalism ? 
  and people downvote you when you say anti turkey rhetoric in the uk caused it . 
  so basically according to you , you know turkey better than me ; a turkish person living in turkey because your media is more free than mine ? 
  you know that i can follow western media as well right ? 
  i can follow `` free media '' ( that spread the false news of turkey legalizing sex with 12 year olds by the way ) as much as you but i can also follow turkish media and decide for myself what is bullshit and what is not . 
  also no , both sides are n't equally terrible . 
  one side tries to portray every single pkk death as a civilian death while having intentionally targeted civilians themselves in the recent past , the other side tries to protect its ' territorial integrity and tries to hurt the least amount of civilians possible . 
  teach yourself the ability to see through propaganda . 
  if i read nothing but ypg propaganda which is prevalent in western media and online media ; i would think that turks are fat dirty islamists and kurds are progressive , feminist , tormented freedom fighters . 
  luckily i live in turkey and know the truth so i can tell what 's propaganda and what 's not . 
  if a person is explaining to you about a reality in their country you should probably trust them or at least take them more seriously than some online memes like [ this one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gx8ltah.jpg ) . 
  he is being ironic because the kurds in turkey are doing much worse things and germany supports the pkk .
