  way more terrible things happen in turkey now compared to before ; but the media sometimes reports bullshit as well . 
  this shooting is a big deal - we are slowly becoming as bad as russia if not worse . 
  if they are lashing out this violently they know they are going to lose . 
  it 's going to be the sweetest victory ever . 
  that 's an extreme example, 
  they have one , it 's called afd and it 's not getting a lot of votes . 
  right-left wing in each country is different because every country is different politically . 
  turkey is a more right-wing country in general so our left-wing parties would be right-wing in most of europe for example . 
  that 's how representative democracy works . 
  summary = we were left very weak after ww1 ( the ottoman empire was already very weak in it 's last 150 years ) . 
  so ismet inonu did his best at keeping the borders as they were before ww2 , doing his best included staying neutral to nazis , aiding them with resources at times and then joining the war agains them in the end . 
  most pms and presidents in our history did their best to balance our relationship between the west and the east ; because both the western world and russia have their interests in dividing turkey . 
  this politics of balance changed after the 80s american backed coup and here we are today with an islamist leader and dealing with the armenian genocide issue and the kurdish seperatist movement . 
  if we were pro-east all the way then russia had it 's own plans to divide turkey too . 
  so now after failing to do the `` politics of balance '' for 15 years erdogan is trying to clean up the mess he created and failing miserably . 
  some true observations , though i like to think while everybody around us dislikes us ; nobody truly hates us . 
  turkey is a dysfunctional country , i do n't feel any connection whatsoever to turks that do n't live in western turkey . 
  we do n't have anything that unifies us , just this very bizarre turkish nationalism when almost no one in turkey is actually turkish . 
  we are like the us but poor and unsuccesful , there is no point to keeping this country together anymore . 
  i do n't think most people think that . 
  maybe most people in the us but europeans probably know better . 
  it 's just like in the us . 
  we will vote no ; even my parents who voted for akp in the past . 
  still , i expect the yes votes to win . 
  i know we will lose ; but i 'll dream about `` no '' winning the referandum until `` yes '' wins . 
  it 's worth the disappointment . 
  tall *, 
  wait until after the referandum , then kicking turkey out of nato can be a legitimate discussion . 
  they wo n't . 
  the protestors that put knifes in oranges ? 
  they would move to the netherlands without a second thought if they could . 
  being massively hypocritical is the most important part of being an erdogan supporter . 
  europe is doing their best to help him win with what has been going on in the last week , before these events `` no '' was polling far ahead . 
  meh , he said he had his dna tested and the results were that he is an `` international person '' or something , instead of turkish . 
  i think that 's a stupid statement as most turks are like that . 
  i think he is a regressive because of that statement alone and i do n't like him . 
  and of course turkey is a part of this chart ; _ ; to be fair to us , we do n't `` exercise '' to exercise , we do it naturally . 
  i do n't know if this prevents the akp from mobilizing it 's base or does the opposite . 
  either way it 's ridiculous that these rallies were happening in the first place . 
  imagine trump remaining in power for 16 years . 
  turks in germany are already in line with the germans in germany in terms of fertility . 
  the same will happen with other muslim immigrants ; but sure just eat up the right wing fearmongering propaganda why do i even bother . 
  anatolia was already a mix of greeks , persians and armenians and on top of that turks joined the mix . 
  then europeans also joined the mix during the ottoman expansions and also after the balkan wars . 
  [ this ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/vvlgpno83km/hqdefault.jpg ) is the ottoman dynasty today , they do n't look swarthy to me at all . 
  trying to live in a first world city with better access to goods and services . 
  the rest of turkey is not as developed ( besides expensive holiday destinations . ), 
  these people ca n't accept that european genes have been spread outside of europe . 
  even a portion of syrians and iraqis are ethnically european , but to most of those trolls turkey is where europe ends . 
  turkey = illinois btw . 
  the whole country is like chicago anyways . 
  industrialization not even once, 
  no , they have been in power for 15 years now so no akp voter has any problem admitting to anything . 
  if anything it 's the opposite , because akp declares anyone against them a traitor people are pressured to say they will be voting yes . 
  i do n't like the poll either but for a different reason . 
  i do n't get how % 80 of akp supporters support the change , almost all akp voters i know are not going to vote at all in this referandum . 
  i know , but it 's true in so many countries it has to be right . 
  so true , hot weather = religion i guess, 
  it constantly rains in the black sea region of turkey and people there are [ ethnically closer to georgians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laz_people ) and crimeans than turks ( most of them converted to islam in 19th century ) so yes you are right . 
  do you even know how authoritarianism works ? 
  also , % 50 is n't `` absolute majority '', 
  thanks . 
  reasonable reaction to fuck all of turkey i guess as people are upvoting you . 
  yeah , like her all other sane counterparts ( trump , putin , erdo\u011fan , theresa may ) these people are all forces of unity in their countries . 
  only % 7 of turkey lives in villages now so not on very high demand, 
  yes most muslims from bosnia have migrated to turkey and still do today . 
  i do n't think it 's because it sucks to live in bosnia , otherwise they would n't be moving to turkey ; it 's more about the division like you said . 
  not really , there is no in-between . 
  if you want to prevent other world powers from arising you have to go old-school imperialist , the us is proof of this . 
  theresa may looks so awkward next to this wannabe sultan and his cabinet . 
  very near future, 
  i do n't think this guy is very different , he had thousands of dollars with him when he was captured . 
  because far right is in a weird way representing tolerance by being against something that 's even more intolerant than them : islam . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  yes , we are all in the eurasia family . 
  we are also all part of `` the earth '' . 
  i know culturally turkey has been an enemy of europe for hundreds of years ; but in the end your ancestors did n't manage to kick turks out of europe and you complaining about people calling turkey europe now just sounds butthurt . 
  the amount of turks in the european part of the continent is more than the population of most european countries . 
  most turks do n't see themselves mainly as europeans ; but i am not sure if you guys would be struggling so hard to accept that turkey is part of europe if it was n't a muslim majority country . 
  by the way you forgot tekirda\u011f and . . istanbul . 
  the most populous city in turkey . 
  edited for grammar, 
  damn that hurts, 
  you get reelected if you pass the test . 
  msnbc is the network that spread the fake news about `` erdogan seeking asylum in germany '' during the military coup attempt . 
  msnbc and fox news are also worse than cnn, 
  when the yanks are pissed about syria , they `` accidentally '' bomb the syrian army and help isis gain territory . 
  this is just a diplomatic response . 
  yup ; but this is n't a response to that . 
  he is being downvoted because this news is confirmed by multiple sources and is very obviously not manufactured . 
  just simply googling it would tell you that . 
  black americans are % 13 of the american population . 
  it 's way worse than just embarassing, 
  no country is % 100 capitalist either, 
  nationalism replaces religion for the most part ; globalism is the third alternative . 
  it depends on how you frame the question . 
  if you ask turks if they are `` dindar '' i am sure the majority will answer yes . 
  if you use the word `` dinci '' instead , which is more like a political stance on religion then you will get a result like that . 
  according to most polls i 've seen the big majority of turks are secular but also religious . 
  jesus exists in quran , he is just not the prophet .
