  as a society that comes from the tradition of sultans and caliphs , we have a tendency to connect an ideology with a person . 
  even if erdogan 's ideology means refusing to create a `` personality cult '' the erdogan supporters are going to remember him forever by hanging pictures of him everywhere and even creating erdogan statues . 
  unlike what you think most erdogan supporters are not social liberals . 
  it will happen only when he dies . 
  and then there will be 3 types of people in our country , people that worship ataturk - people that worship erdogan and people that worship abdullah ocalan . 
  i am talking about the `` united people '' thing . 
  if you are a moderate then you are willing to assimilate . 
  the turks in europe do n't assimilate and live in their own worlds as they do n't want to be integrated with the country they live in ; because they think that will make them lose their religious values and culture . 
  the reason they will stay united is n't because it 's a turkish culture to stand united , it 's because they live in the 1950s . 
  european turks did n't progress the same way turkish turks did . 
  `` not talking about more extreme forms of patriotism or nationalism ( which , admit it or not , turks tend to suffer from ) but a moderate , healthy dose of them . '', 
  i think your history shows that that does n't work with you . 
  about your point on turks , that 's probably very true for turks in europe . 
  in my experience turks that live in turkey are more moderate than turks in europe . 
  it 's a cultural thing though , i do n't know this but do men in scotland walk around in kilts in public places ? 
  not with the intention of fucking someone over ; but with the intention of being a strong country . 
  our land is what unites us , outside of that there really is n't one typical turk . 
  the first one is true . 
  and like i said , i ca n't tell you why i enjoy the first one . 
  you can list 100 negative things about it ; but there is a reason i secretly enjoy it people ... 
  why do you have to turn this into a rant and an argument ? 
  i know we are x , i am telling you that we are x and you still say `` you are x you are x '' . 
  yes we murdered your christian brothers , yet to this day you still cause so much suffering for the muslim world and you can somehow still talk about the armenian genocide . 
  it 's ironic really . 
  shit happened , we are not genocidal racist maniacs that regularly masacre people . 
  there are still around 100.000 armenians living in turkey ( some of my friends ) and they are not getting murdered or suffering discrimination at all eventhough turkey in general hates them . 
  we saw what happened to the jews that live on your land that did n't even do half of what the armenians did during the ottoman war . 
  please keep your hatred out of topics like this . 
  none of this will change my views , it 's a deeply rooted feeling my friend . 
  i do n't like stereotypes that are untrue :d the part about moustache is generally true , nobody wears a fez though . 
  i enjoy the stereotypes about turks that we are invaders and fascists . 
  i secretly enjoy it when eastern europeans complain about the `` turkish occupation . '', 
  i do n't know why really , just being honest . 
  yes , to their own countries not to turkey . 
  i do n't want more islamist akp voters . 
  `` and of course i know they 're illegal economic immigrants , this is why they should be kicked back to their countries . '', 
  too bad they destroy their ids . 
  good luck finding out where they came from . 
  i am talking cheap labor, 
  you want them to seek asylum in their own country . . 
  i do n't know how that makes sense . 
  besides they do n't need to seek asylum anyways , they are economic migrants . 
  is that huge ass country turkey ? 
  if it is why is turkey `` their '' country again ? 
  we do have an obligation to take them back now . 
  erdogan 's party passed the bill to take the refugees back in the parliament . 
  just waiting on that no fly zone . 
  ca n't the refugees be used as a workforce to help the greek economy ? 
  they are scared of a revolt or something ; but i do n't think economic migrants care about revolting and % 80 of these migrants are that . 
  not the case for every muslim country . 
  reis . . lol, 
  if the current events did n't teach the west anything i do n't know what will . 
  you ca n't try to bring `` democracy and peace '' in a region like middle east and expect it to happen without causing tidal waves of shit across the world . 
  this is the middle east , not europe . 
  proper democracy and equality takes blood here , a lot of it . 
  i do n't think the `` my daily life in russia '' post was a shitpost tbh . 
  it made me feel good about living in turkey which does n't happen easily . 
  your post does n't make me feel good . 
  i want free coffee :(, 
  it 's very disrespectful anyways . 
  sounds to me like they decided not to invite greece because they decided to screw greece over anyways lol . 
  yes . 
  turkish opposition parties talk about this a lot , it 's a known info inside turkey that the akp government aided and sent weapons to jihadists inside syria , possibly isis . 
  the reason so many turks stand up for their country online despite that is because a lot more countries supported those jihadists before us . 
  keeping track of the refugees is probably an important thing to do for the benefits of your country 's citizens though . 
  turkish generals have very , racist but true observations on the arab militaries dating back to the ottoman empire . 
  arabs are known to be bad at fighting wars . 
  i love it, 
  he is the leader of the main opposition party . 
  he has immunity and if erdogan put him in prison for this , he would make the opposition look like heroes . 
  and it 's completely ok for us to hold all the refugees ; because reasons . 
  none of us are , he is slowly turning turkey into a shithole . 
  but in the end turkey is much more than just erdogan . 
  yes only one article . 
  not half of your leaders and dozens of articles every week . 
  we watch the eu leaders and pm candidates ' videos on why we should never be allowed into the eu you know and they are usually pretty honest about it , no mention of `` dictatorship '' or `` erdogan '' at all . . just general racism and discrimination . 
  god the western world disgusts me sometimes , kick turkey out of nato because of erdogan ? 
  that makes sense . 
  why did we even ruin our relationship with russia and china i 'll never know . 
  yes democracy is not big outside of the western world ; but i 'd rather have non democratic allies ; then turkophobic `` allies '' that use one guy to constantly shit on my country . 
  no you are not , recent events have shown me that nato does n't really unite member countries, 
  tbh erdogan doesnt really like ataturk ; but he has to act like he does because a good portion of his voters do, 
  we do have military videos , they are just not ads . 
  that 's the turkish version of iraq . 
  they want `` ileri demokrasi '' in turkey , meaning a democracy that is not limited to elections . 
  they are the only political party that has good relations with the pro-kurdish party . 
  they work together on a lot of issues in the parliament . 
  they are the party that brought secularism to the country and want civil liberties to be as wide as possible , they support things like gay marriage as an example . 
  i ca n't really go into further detail as my english wo n't allow it ; but simply put the chp is like the european side of turkey . 
  no , people wo n't vote for the chp no matter what . 
  it 's not a possibility after the 1980s coup , where the military called the chp a political party `` without religion '' . 
  what place on the internet is n't a fuck turkey club ? 
  guys . . 
  i need a hug . 
  one thing i know is that the pkk/pyd force their ideology on their people . 
  i do n't know much more than that . 
  because they are poorer in general . 
  turks do n't like to invest in the kurdish areas as there is constant instability there . 
  the pkk likes to keep people poor to be able to recruit easier . 
  unfortunately i agree with this .
