  lol, 
  lmao editing for context : the progress and modernisation of the middle east is easier achieved by unrest and contributing to constantly creating wars am i right ? 
  i am not claiming turkey did n't use isis against kurds ; but kurds also tried to use the peace process to further arm themselves inside turkey and tried to cut off the border of syria with turkey which the country will of course not let happen . 
  educate yourself first . 
  hilarous how people think turkey can just cut off the supply line , sink it 's own economy while giving the border to ypg allowing them to have leverage . 
  this is pretty much spot on and is the reason why the nationalist movement party in turkey has lost a lot of their votes in the latest election to akp . 
  a new idea of islamist nationalism is forming in turkey and it is not a moderate one . 
  if we let them take control over that border then we have no borders with syria which is a big deal . 
  we ca n't just let them join the territories , it would be stupid for any country to do that . 
  i think so too . 
  i am disgusted . 
  i remember having wet dreams of the chp ( republican people 's party ) somehow winning elections before the elections . 
  unfortunately those were just dreams . . no way the vast majority of this country votes for a political party so close to european standarts . 
  there are good people left there ; but probably not a lot . 
  he was pro-european but anti-imperialism so i do n't know what his reactions to today 's world would be . 
  he would for sure hang tayyip though . 
  we elected our donald trump before it was cool, 
  relevant username, 
  not the west , just europe . 
  even after blaming the us for sheltering g\u00fclen he has a much softer tone now , he has always been very pro-us . 
  he for some reason hates europe and constantly bashes them though . 
  that ' t why erdogan portrays everyone he opposes as a terrorist, 
  is that a no ? 
  because im pretty sure it happened, 
  did n't russia try to join nato ? 
  just another friday in turkey . 
  akp is still polling at % 40 + at least so people do n't seem to give a shit . 
  this guy is the bernie sanders of turkey . 
  they unblocked it now that 's probably why . 
  they always block social media for a day when fascism happens , then they unblock . 
  i am not really sure why . 
  we can both play this game but thankfully im not you so i 'll just report . 
  they are for it but promoting islam does n't help ( hurts ) with women 's rights issues in general, 
  give me one legitimate proof that 's not pkk supporters portraying terrorist deaths as civilian deaths, 
  he does because the internet told you so , got it . 
  what do i know ? 
  ill just be waiting for your next proof from kurdistan.org, 
  false according to whom ? 
  the numbers are there , stop being two-faced . 
  a murderer ca n't blame other people for murdering . 
  edit : let me correct my statement ; a serial killer ca n't blame other people for murdering . 
  if we are going with karma then the uk and the us should be shitholes very soon . 
  you ca n't even compare the genocides , plus we are not currently genociding people like them . 
  we did n't cause millions of people to die in the me by going into iraq , we voted against it actually and refused to let us troops use turkey for their operations in iraq . 
  edited for grammar, 
  he does n't target civilians , so no he is n't . 
  you are right that turkey was a terrorist 's haven though , so many pkk and isis members coming in and out of turkey . 
  but for some reason according to westerners we are only aiding isis and not the pkk ; probably because armchair generals see an islamist leader in turkey and instantly think `` ottoman empire '', 
  i read the article and i do n't think i 've agreed with him more on anything else before . 
  of course just saying things is n't enough and what he does n't realize is that the `` culture '' he is pushing for is the reason a lot of women are just sitting at home raising babies . 
  random youtube comment , +3 upvoted  it 's too late anyway , the city got trashed hard by the turks so much it 's a shit hole today , could turks ever build a good civilization ? because greek cities are more civilized and wonderful compared to turkish cities ? 
  why do n't people go visit places that they think they know ? 
  they were playing politics , the reason they supported us against the russians is because they did n't want the russians gaining control over the boshporus strait and the black sea . 
  a similar thing is going on now between turkey , the west and russia . 
  that 's the reason we are one of the few countries in the world that can afford to have an idiot like erdogan be president and shittalk everyone . 
  does n't mean populists ca n't be fascists . 
  `` women are n't whores '' does n't mean a woman ca n't be a whore . 
  lol, 
  at the peak of its power the ottoman empire had the potential to be super strong , the land it controlled was n't that big but very strategically important . 
  but the rulers were too busy with islam to realize that potential , just like today . 
  like a month ago i think, 
  then you 'll probably enjoy western turkey and the european half of istanbul, 
  it reflects secular turks pretty well . 
  eu wo n't lose much by ending the process . 
  turkey will never join the eu anyways . 
  he might end the process if he gets his presidential system . 
  can any turk confirm that he said this ? 
  i have n't heard him say this anywhere . 
  this did n't make the news in a lot of places so it probably has another reason . 
  maybe the minister that takes care of stuff like this is a liberal pretending to be a conservative . 
  not every decision in turkey is made by erdogan after all . 
  we are getting almost 1 million russian tourists annually despite the jet incident , we repaired our ties and now we are building nuclear power plants together . 
  russia can provide a lot of economic benefits to greece ; but not at the level that eu can . 
  what is best for greece is to be allied to both russia and the eu . 
  are n't a big portion of turks in germany benefiting from this welfare program ? 
  turks are n't eu nationals so what is the point of this ? 
  it was already a proxy war , now it has a possibility of turning into a real war . 
  kurdish nationalism was n't big until recently , they used to identify with islam more than being kurdish . 
  most kurdish tribes even [ rebelled against the turkish republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_the_turkey%e2%80%93pkk_conflict ) after the caliphate was removed . 
  things have changed since the rise of the pkk though . 
  by the way kurds have their own kurdish names for most of those cities , they call diyarbakir `` amed '' for example . 
  they are just not official names . 
  kurds moved into those areas from today 's iran thousands of years ago . 
  still there is a persian name there . 
  they are n't really hurting the economy , it 's isis that hurts the economy by hitting important spots . 
  it 's possible . 
  when he first won the elections , almost all news media were against him and his party . 
  turks do n't care about the media unless it confirms their bias , they care about the economy . 
  for idiots who cheer for the pkk because they hate erdo\u011fan : the best way to get rid of despots like erdogan is by winning elections against them ; not by destroying the country they are in charge of . 
  i do n't think we should fight dictatorship with a civil war , there are many examples out there showing us that it 's not a good idea . 
  if the west wants to help us , they should burden our economy to help us get rid of erdogan . 
  well he did really purify the language , turkish does n't work in arabic alphabet . 
  our illiteracy rate would be much higher if we were n't using the latin alphabet instead of the arabic one . 
  yes . 
  we have a lot of arab and persian loan words . 
  i know . 
  but compared to the rest of the world it 's a socialist country . 
  it 's the accurate economic term for germany . 
  thank god germans do n't join the rest of the world in electing right-wing nutjobs . 
  germany being a kind of a socialist state probably helps .
