what happens if i am a turkish atheist ? 
  i guess i can just pretend to be a christian . 
  then we 'll see how you guys can make constantinople great again :d, 
  these are all good questions i think, 
   the text reads further , `` ( the turks ) will be destroyed . 
  they will be eradicated because they are a nation that was built without god 's blessing . 
  one third of the turks will go back to where they came from , the depths of turkey . 
  one third will be saved because they will become christians , and the other third will be killed in this war . '' well at least we get to live if we become christians ( ; _ , 
  probably because they know most things about us already, 
  you did n't see the `` why will russia beat turkey '' part . . 
  i am disappointed in you greeks , i thought we were friends now . 
  he is better ; but he is as neo-ottomanist as erdogan if not more and being a neo-ottomanist turk is enough to be qualified as insane in my opinion . 
   arabs ...  good in bed ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   he is not behind neo-ottomanism read his book , he is even more neo-ottomanist than erdogan . 
  he just recently called macedonia 's capital `` the same as bursa for the turkish people . '', 
  he is as insane as erdogan , just not corrupt . 
  yeah the two sentences were seperate points , i do n't like hillary either . 
  i personally am really pissed at you for not voting bernie . 
  donald trump in my eyes is literally american erdogan : an anti-establishment populist , narcissist , conservative that worships money so be careful with that ... 
  every single neon jungle music video is filled with turkish comments because of one japanese girl , turkish guys love japanese girls . 
  it really triggers me when people blatantly lie and call it journalism . 
  i really do n't know how this is going to work out , we are going to have to watch and see . 
  - protection of private information/data - reformation of laws that deal with war on terror to better protect the rights of minorities - transparency on political party financing , new devices to battle corruption i probably butchered these while translating ; but hopefully you get the idea . 
  i think the bird is named after the country, 
  69 objectives were passed , there are 3 left and today is the last day for them . 
  we ca n't know if it 's a legitimate concern or not . 
  do you know for fact that this deal ca n't create millions of illegal turkish workers in europe ? 
  i do n't , i do n't know how anyone can . 
  unfortunately yes . 
  australians , chinese and japanese all describe poland and turkey similarly . 
  poland opposes china turkey opposes china poland loves japan turkey loves japan why is poland called poland ? 
  why is turkey called turkey ? 
  weird . 
  this is probably a very ignorant thing to ask ; but why was austria-hungary a thing when austrians are ethnic germans that speak german ? 
  hdp ( pro-kurdish party ) mps left the parliament chanting '' [ biji serok apo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kekwmdymesm&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;a ) '' = `` long live apo '' . 
  apo = abdullah ocalan , the imprisoned pkk leader . 
  this is n't an isolated incident by the way , these kinds of fights happen weekly in the parliament now between right-wingers and the hdp . 
  it 's hilarious if you ask me because it perfectly reflects the mental state turkish people are in right now . 
  most of them do , besides the ones in southeast that are not assimilated . 
  by the way , expect maybe a couple million illegal workers europe . 
  most turks here will claim that it wo n't happen ; but it will . 
  smart of them i guess . 
  if i was a politican that wanted to be in power i would too , just maybe a little more subtly so i do n't scare voters away . 
  yup . 
  these magazines existed long before erdogan became pm but they are brave for doing what they are doing . 
  there 's nothing particularly good about being a muslim . 
  islam teaches you that being clean is very important , so muslims are in general clean and that 's cool i guess . 
  we are taught in turkey that being overly religious and connected to islam led to the collapse of our empire ; because we never innovated and did n't contribute to modern society in a lot of meaningful ways . 
  i obviously agree with you that muslims are n't devils like most people here believe they are ; but most muslims are conservative and uneducated and that should change . 
  i was just joking : x, 
  yes and we are brutal savages . 
  thanks , i now understand how the eu accession process works . 
  i do n't think it makes sense for turkey to join anyways . 
  it would be like russia joining the eu . 
  but cyprus joining the eu makes as little sense as turkey joining ... 
  it 's in asia . 
  i actually think when a kurdistan is formed in one way or another the eu will accept them as well just to fuck with us . 
  it will be cyprus # 2 for us . 
  no need to post these news anywhere at this point , southeast turkey is literally a war zone . 
  then the middle east would have been a very different place today . 
  though i think it was almost impossible to keep the ottoman empire together at that point . 
  maybe the empire would 've been broken up anyways ; but there would n't be a state of israel . 
  there are infinite amount of different things that could 've happened if germany would have won ww1 . 
  what a fucked up way to present the article . 
  you know we are currently dealing with 3 million syrians and the kurdish problem ? 
  that makes you disapprove of diffeent language , race and immigration . 
  we are being attacked weekly by either isis or pkk , you ca n't expect a society that is under so much attack to be tolerant . 
  on the homosexuality issue , most people associate that with pedophilia ; but we are not openly criminalizing it or doing anything about it . 
  we got social and cultural issues as turkey is predominantly a conservative country yes ; but you are still better off being a homosexual in turkey compared to in russia . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35194359 there are laws in turkey protecting homosexuals from hate crimes ... and no government , even the ultra conservatives like erdogans government try to change these laws or make life harder for the lgbt community in any way , besides breaking up pride parades with teargas but they break up literally every protest anyways . 
  al-nusra and fsa . 
  unfortunately turkmen and sunni-muslims in the area that fight in turkey 's favor are aligned with al-nusra for the most part . 
  i guess now that they withdrew from syria they need to intervene somewhere else . 
  the world economy is suffering from low growth , 4.2 these days is pretty great . 
   however , european muslims were n't called turks . 
  they were still called by their ethnic groups . 
  they were for the most part ( besides yugoslavia i guess ) in turkey they still are . 
  laz people that live in the black sea region in turkey are the least turkic people ever ; they look like a combination of russians + greeks + jews . 
  they were christians before 17th century when they converted to islam under ottoman rule , since then they are called turkish . 
  muslims in europe were called turks by almost everyone , that 's why during population exchanges muslims were sent to turkey and christians to greece/macedonia . 
  your own map proves it anyways , % 5 central asian turkic ethnicity at most in turkey . 
  this map wo n't really make greeks here mad ; but nationalistic greeks pride themselves at being the opposite of turks . 
   do n't know what they teach you in turkey . 
  in turkey they do n't teach us anything about ethnic backgrounds , our education system tries to convince us that we are all ethnically the same - which is ridiculous considering we are the successors of an empire . 
  dictators that need popular vote are the worst . 
  this map will piss off greeks as much as your comment . 
  most people that live in eastern europe do n't know that their ancestors that converted to islam were called turkish and ottomans that were christians were called other things , mostly greek . 
  armenians look almost identical to turks , even more than greeks . 
  it will not change much , the saudis got erdogan 's back . 
  they will do their best to keep him in power so they can build mosques all around the world together spreading wahhabism . 
  germanic nations are the best in all history , besides that holocaust thing . 
  op literally retook constantinople, 
  i think the comment section here proves the article wrong ... lol . 
  it 's a weird french word : <, 
  he meant `` laicite '' turkey is a laic country ( supposedly ) not secular . 
  that 's what he meant , the seculars in turkey are blowing this way out of proportion . 
  edit : corrected the word, 
  similar thing happened to some of my turkish friends that were visiting poland . 
  they almost got assaulted because they were turkish in a restaurant , the owner did n't do anything about it . 
  i 'll just say czechia and poland are two countries where i would n't admit to being turkish unless i have to .
