  still need to wake up from the illusion that erdogan created about how we are suddenly rich now . 
  we are not , we are poor and it 's not getting any better . 
  where in istanbul did you visit ? 
  there are 1-2 districts that kind of smell bad sometimes ; but i do n't know about dirty . 
  and yes unfortunately our people are the worst when it comes to money , not just our taxi drivers . 
  to all the people complaining about how dirty athens is , visit istanbul !, 
  it 's the actual capital of greece ( and is clean ) with more history :p edit : how am i not downvoted into oblivion for this comment yet ? 
  it 's the same thing , turkey won istanbul and western armenia by military victory as well . 
  if a jew said  we won . 
  jersualem is ours . 
  ca n't it just end there ? 
  i would be ok with that . 
  especially considering we won our war 100 years ago our argument makes even more sense . 
  the funny thing is you will get called an anti-semite if you make a similar argument about israel holding the holy muslim land jerusalem . 
  i would n't mind these comments about what land belongs to who if i did n't know how hypocritical they are . 
  pkk and ypg are well connected if not the same thing ; they even call themselves pkk in syria and i think pkk proved that they are a terrorist organization by killing hundreds of people in ankara while hiding behind the name `` tak '', 
  they are not happier in turkey , i know they are not because they say so . 
  reporters always ask them whether they would want to be in eu or in turkey and the answer is always eu . 
  yes ; but the assyrian genocide did n't have much to do with the turks and the greek massacres were not one-sided at all compared to what happened to armenians . 
  they tried to slaughter ottomans in smyrna to gain the majority in the city so they could claim it for themselves . 
  they targeted and massacred thousands of turks in villages in places like [ yalova ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yalova_peninsula_massacres_ ( 1920 % e2 % 80 % 9321 ) - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims the reason armenian genocide is called a genocide is because it was mostly one-sided killing . 
  if you are going to start adding the assyrians and greeks into the mix and call it a christian genocide then lets start calling the ww2 a christian genocide as well . 
   does it make sense that turkish artillery is helping isis ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  so are we supposed to not fight our terrorists just because they are fighting isis ? 
  al-qaeda also fights isis , does that mean countries that bomb al-qaeda are helping isis too ? 
  if ypg gains control of that zone , they will be much harder to get rid of than isis . 
  isis is eventually going to get defeated , it is a matter of when not if in isis 's case . 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  i love this one but he did get democratically elected multiple times =(, 
  and then they complain about qualified academics , professors and engineers moving to the us or germany instead of staying in turkey . 
  maybe people do n't want to live in a country where they can be imprisoned for speaking ? 
  so stupid ... 
  for the kurds ? 
  europe did n't even want to fight for the greeks ... 
  he is famous enough in a very bad way so i do n't think so . 
  it 's probably a way for him to consolidate support , or maybe he actually thinks he can get people to stop mocking him it 's possible . 
  yup considering we need him gone i agree with that . 
  the ones that got mad and ran away are closeted homosexuals imo . 
  there is a good difference between `` playing the good dog '' and making racism acceptable by conveniently leaving out certain points of history . 
  it 's kind of ironic yeah . 
  but i think it would be better for everyone if everyone started learning actual , factual history instead of propaganda . 
  what 's wrong with being sided with factual history ? 
  maybe if we all start talking about the ottoman muslim massacres and stop making it look like the ottomans just massacred minorities because they felt like it ; it will all be a better more objective world . 
  also , eastern europe should correct their history books to be actual history books and not propaganda papers if they feel like racism is n't a good thing . 
  it 's ok eastern europe , if you tell history with all its aspects people are n't going to suddenly become fans of turkey . 
  though my point on history stands for almost every nation on earth as almost every nation teaches their own biased view of history to their kids ... 
  that 's really not a conspiracy, 
  some people actually think western media covers turkey in a positive light , that 's impressive . 
   my point being that the voices speaking for democracy , free speech and separation of powers within turkey is not really a representative sample , just the one covered by western media . 
  if that was the case erdogan would n't have to come up with bs excuses for limiting free speech like deeming everyone he does n't like a terrorist ; or he would n't have to manipulate the media at all . 
  every elected official in turkey comes into office with the promise of democracy and free speech ; none deliver ... but it 's insane to think the general public of turkey is against democratic values . 
  ataturk did n't come out of nowhere and bring democracy to turkey , it was a tough and long process that the turkish people worked hard to accomplish . 
  this one guy that is liked a lot by a lot of turks found a way to exploit our system ; but that will only make our democracy stronger in the long run . 
  erdogan is n't going to be in power forever . 
  good news . 
  these kinds of reports are bullshit most of the time anyways . 
  i think we as turks should stop commenting on this issue and see where it goes . 
  i am anxious to see how this all ends , though i am worried that it might end up in erdogan 's favor . 
  you want russia or the west to be able to attack turkey ? 
  because nato does n't do anything outside of preventing that . 
  we are saved guys !, 
  how did we not figure out sooner that insulting him is the solution xddd, 
  the us will become minority majority far earlier than europe . 
  visa-free travel to the schengen area does n't mean joining the schengen area , calm down people . 
  expect more hairy tourists ; nothing more nothing less . 
   but let 's be honest , since pkk and turkey started the war again last summer kurdish civilians have been majorly targeted by turkish police , turkish army and other security organizations . 
  if the goal was to target civilians , they would use the army instead of intelligence police to flatten the region . 
  yes civilians have been killed unfortunately ; but they have never been targeted . 
  the people of the region were warned several times before the clashes and around 200.000 people moved to other areas to avoid being stuck in the middle . 
  your media wo n't tell you any of this though , they need you to not feel disconnected when you find out they have been arming a terrorist group . 
   hell there is even a turkish special forces jihadist terrorist organization called asadullah who chants '' if you are not turks you should obey , if you are turk you should be proud ! '', 
  on walls of kurds . 
  they are literally the private army of akp . 
  esedullah team is not a team of jihadists . 
  yes they look similar and do some extreme things but people act like that during war . 
   turkish police screams kurds are armenians while kurdish civilians are put under 24 hour curfews . 
  they scream pkk are armenians for the most part as they do n't feel like their kurdish brothers would act against the state ; they do n't want to put the blame on them . 
   this just shows how you whitewash racism and turkish supremacy . 
  '' you are only good if you are turkish '' , yes that 's why some kurds feel the need to resist because they know they are kurdish and not turkish . 
  they no longer have to call themselves turkish anyways , that 's why i said `` even during the 80s . '', 
  while they are kurdish , a majority of the people in turkey are n't turkish . 
  ** turkish ** is n't an ethnicity , there are millions of people with greek , albanian , romanian , bosnian , lazi , arab , mongolian and kurdish ethnic backgrounds in turkey . 
  so being forced to call yourself turkish means being forced to call yourself a citizen of the republic of turkey and nothing else . 
  as far as i know you can get jailed or fined in most countries for insulting the head of state . 
  i do n't know in which countries exactly , you need to google it . 
  http://mg.co.za/article/2012-11-15-insult-law-nothing-to-do-with-free-speech i do n't agree with the `` has nothing to do with free speech '' part by the way . 
  most countries have the laws erdogan abuses , they just do n't enforce them . 
  - erdogan will have declared turkey an islamic republic already and as a result of the middle east getting worse and worse , far-right will keep rising in europe . 
  - you will keep the muslims out ; but are going to have to deal with the consequences of far right politicans wanting to leave the union . 
  - russia will be even more influencial . 
  iraq , syria , russia , armenia , greece , cyprus , iran , georgia and bulgaria ... lol . 
  any turk here that can think of anything ? 
  i got some positive things i can say about greece and iran ; but that 's it . 
  yes , we just call them orthodox here . 
  we are a mix of orthodox europeans + arabs and persians . 
  eastern turkey is religious , western turkey is religious only on paper but mostly not practising . 
  most turkish muslims in germany are already second generation and i doubt they are secretly conspiring to take over the country . 
  or maybe they are ? 
  because some guys friend told me so .
