that is what infuriates me the most . 
  sure , most of the rebuilding was because we bombed them in the first place , but damn if we can avoid all that and spend it instead on preventing this country from becoming a third world . 
  no kidding , i used to have a car that had two bumps on the trunk because the bike rack slammed back into it after hitting a lone pothole in a city avenue . 
  mind you , this pothole grew in size for a week and a half . 
  and i forgot about it once on the drive back and hit it at 40mph . 
  it is the curse of the * ghosts of mass transit * that we killed for our worship of cars that are haunting us in this manner . 
  in a way i really envy the ones i 've ridden in europe . 
  wow , i wish i could say that was the first time i heard something like that before . 
  the worst ones is when it is n't even the city/town 's fault but the weather itself . 
  in the southwest arid areas , we get our rain through short outbursts of rain we call monsoons ( unlike the ones in asia ) . 
  with climate change , we 've been getting less rain in the southwest , but it has also made the storms even more fierce when we do . 
  this means that in one day the infrastructure gets battered with a month 's worth of rain in half an hour , washing away everything . 
  what was on the news in places like phoenix is slowly becoming the norm ( hurricane remnants used to provide a long week of monsoon rain , but not on the scale of the last decade and a half ) . 
  one of my hometowns , in texas , had to rebuild some of the roads that simply washed away and cancelled recycling pickup because the road between the facility and the city was undrivable for the recycling trucks . 
  more than india ?!, 
  no wonder people complain about the military expenditure with dilapidated roads . 
  some towns and cities do have the budget to keep impeccable roads while others like having it looking like the ones in fallout : new vegas . 
  it is interesting when you transition between them above 70mph on the highway . 
  trust me , my country has many of them , especially nearby . 
  and they seem to be growing in numbers . 
  but the highway borders between us states is sometimes obvious . 
  new mexico tends to take better care of their roads than arizona . 
  i thought the rebellion was strictly close to russian borders . 
  this would leave ukraine without any seaports . 
  is this because of transnistrea ? 
  true . 
  but a country as big and anti-fed as we are , lots of shit gets smuggled that is n't narcotics . 
  i would understand it if it was anzac where they can provide a good measure of control . 
  maybe in california where there is an agricultural customs right after the us border patrol checkpoint that tries to protect the state . 
  but this nation has a lot of landmass and a lot of spaces where , i.e. , unpasteurized process can/has occurred ( before many of us were born ) within our borders without health oversight noticing . 
  i recall a few shutdowns in the 1990s from this ( when i was slightly more interested in this ) . 
  there are already trade agreements between the us and europe . 
  this gives a heavy hand to corporations in the us while giving them a free range of activity disregarding local , environmental , etc. 
  laws . 
  and there 's no guarantee that these new agreements will lift previous restrictions , like the ` chicken tax . ', 
  all in all , i am for agreements that help benefit our societies as a whole in the long term and not slip into absolutes where regional economies falter or environment is heavily damaged . 
  this activity might be beneficial for a few , but it will breed climate change for the environment ; or turmoil and anarchic activity that instigates other factors ( like mass migration ) . 
  we 're the country that goes apeshit whenever unpasteurized cheese sneaks past customs . 
  i dislike the ttip and despise even more that the only ones benefiting from it are greedy hypocrites on ` both sides of the pond . ', 
  ah , so the picture i saw of the mi-35 & an-124 was the unloading of it . 
  sounds reasonable since helos have a cheaper operating cost than jets . 
  well , its not like russia has just one battalion . 
  i 'm guessing the scaledown in syria are troops not necessary to the current mission ( military advisors , special forces , support units , air force ) . 
  some motorized units , medium arty , heavy arty , rocket arty , and supply apcs . 
  does n't look like an invading force but it definitely looks like they want to bleed out ukrainian defense positions since apparently artillery rounds are n't counted in the easter truce ( considering the activity within the last few weeks ) . 
  is this some political ploy to play with the western nations on syria and ukraine ? 
  can the russians get away with pushing this war all the way to kiev ? 
  i was thinking about that . 
  i saw a similar article a week ago and wondered whether they took into account the recession and political shit that is making this decade look like the repeat of the malaise '70s for many nations . 
  and then i scratch my head in confusion when i see the european charter flights to caribbean and mexican ( i.e. 
  cancun ) destinations fully booked . 
   `` you are stepping out of the cave , dont be afraid of the shadows for they are mere illusions . '', 
  allegory of the cave interesting , and perfect for all of this . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  holy shit , this is a real thing !, 
  as / u/aurumax stated , the `` enemy of my enemy is my friend . '', 
  that is frightening , considering that this alliance is doomed from the start once petty squabbles or common adversary tears it apart !, 
  i never understood all of the unity between left wing politics and islam . 
  i swore leftist politics were anti-religious due to its `` exploitative '' nature . 
  and would n't right wing politics adhere to religion as it does in other nations ? 
  it seems counterproductive in the long run for leftist politics to unite with a theocratic regime . 
  might as well add no clear sight or sight shot to hell to make the soviet miracle even greater !, 
   less-politically-costly to legislators , i suppose . 
  until bodies come home , there 's a reason cheney and others did a hell of a job to censor images of flag draped coffins coming home . 
  lots of shit hit the fan when that image of the coffins inside the air force cargo plane was published . 
  are n't there political hurdles to jump through to even bring up the idea of `` police action ? '', 
  at least , that 's similar to what i 've heard to get the german armed forces to assist the coalition in the afghan war since 2001 . 
  where cooler heads did not prevail . 
  four clowns , but the latter two are pretty much insignificant save for a minute percentage of votes ( not enough to force electoral commission to add third parties in next election debates ) . 
  really , zarya is that bad that not even her home country mains her . 
  and sounds interesting about hanzo . 
  all is hunky dory until a mexican , german , or chinese show up . 
  i like that rule , finns, 
  they like to bitch about europe and us but send their kids to our schools for better education ? 
  no surprise in their hypocrisy . 
  they tend to do that to their people who fuck europeans over . 
  like the man who brutally murdered a swiss air traffic controller ( after his kids died in a midair collision despite it being many failures systemwide , not just him ) and that gov gave him a little time in prison before russian pressure and shoddy prosecutorial work freed him and gave him a government position back home . 
  he not only boasts about the murder but lost his shit when european customs detained him in a memorial gathering near the crash site and he was allowed through under russian consulate escort . 
  hah , and that font came from the tats and car decorations from cholo culture from the 90s . 
  oh come on , i thought it was only gaijin that was nostalgic for soviet stronk !, 
  oh yeah , after a while of living in another country , folk tend to grab nostalgia of the old country . 
  even if it 's part of the crap they were escaping . 
  not just metaphorically shooting down your dreams . 
  oh no , in a few weeks will be fine . 
  tomorrow/the next few hours will be a bloodthirsty clusterfuck . 
  i think the only one that could survive is the us since many here know that uk will be trading with us if they do n't negotiate good terms with the eu . 
  frankfurt and london will leave no survivors once their bells ring . 
  nikkei was the first hit and it seems they survived the impact with the yuan floating up while others were dropping with the sterling ( but not as bad as the latter ) . 
  i 'm trying to stay up watching the financial tsunami push west after it hit shanghai , despite myself falling to a nasty cold . 
  and i do hope i 'm right . 
  i 'm usually right when it comes to clusterfucks . 
  this might be the first time i calculate something optimistic . 
  fingers crossed as well , but i do think we 'll float better than what we think . 
  i think it might be fright from uk leaving eu . 
  i think nikkei , the sterling , and wall st. will be back to business as usual in a few weeks . 
  i think it 's the best way to describe it . 
  right now i 'm shocked beyond the capacity for rational thought . 
  just an honest question . 
  why is farage saying that it 's over or many media outlets calling narrow victory for the remain group ; especially since there were no exit polls ? 
  edit : misspelling .
