  the rich countries should help out the poor is my principle . 
  at any rate , the `` sacrifices '' made by the creditor countries to `` bail out '' greece are so small that it 's laughable that people are indignant about it . 
  but that is what you demand !, 
  greece wants a bigger debt reduction , which means that poorer countries will have to pay for it too . 
  that is how it works in the eu , everyone needs to participate . 
  poorer nation who decided to play by the rules and not artificial increase their living standard with more loans have to pay for the failure of greeks who had decades of a lifestyle they could n't afford . 
  and your are kidding if you say that the hit the creditors had to take is laughable , or ? 
  they were forced to write off [ 107 billions ] ( http://www.dw.de/greek-creditors-receive-official-haircut-notification/a-15767530 ) !, 
  53 % of their investment !, 
  i assume only a 100 % write off plus paying for your living standard is the only way to be not laughable ? 
  check the numbers please . 
  the bailouts are bigger than the combined foreign investment in greece . 
  the biggest foreign investors were the french banks , you do n't even mention . 
  private investors were already forced to take a 50 % hair cut and could do so without problems of failing . 
  and do n't forget that greeks were the biggest holder of their own sovereign bonds . 
  sorry i forgot that i was in / r/europe where investments are bad and the reason for the every problem in greece , but only foreign investors right ? 
  or why else do people ignore that the biggest investors were in fact greeks ? 
  by far and bigger than all foreign investments combined ( even before they were forced to take an hair cut ) how is it possible that those loans for greece were done to bailout investors ? 
  the loans for greece exceed the amount needed to bailout investors by billions . 
  and that none of the investors needed help after writing of more than 50 % does n't help your claim . 
   also , the notion that `` greece got itself into that shitty situation '' is very debatable . 
  this is why i have absolutely no pity with greeks who was n't it the greeks fault to take all those loans . 
  how was n't the whole fakelaki culture the fault of the greeks ? 
  and do n't even try to deny the extent of your tax dodging culture . 
  i have a couple of friends from greeks who told me how you `` get things done '' in greece . 
  it was also the greece how faked their numbers to enter the eurozone in the first place . 
  you hired goldman sachs and paid them a shitton of money only because your elite wanted to brag about it . 
  it is sickening me to read complains from greeks whikle countries like slovenia needs to participate in the bailouts for greece . 
  a country with a lower living standard than greece . 
  and yet people like you practically demand that those countries have to pay for your lifestyle , too ? 
  bailing them out by forcing them to take a 50 % hair cut ? 
  it looks like you underestimate the amount which needs to get imported quite a bit . 
  almost 80 % of a car gets manufactured by components suppliers , only the end product gets put together in germany so they can sell it as made in germany . 
  in 2010 when the $ was on an all time high with 1,40 $ german car companies were concerned that the strong $ could hurt the exports . 
  they asked an independent institute to make a study for them . 
  which came to the conclusion that the cars industry would have no problem with adopting to an even higher exchange rate ( it was something near 2 $ ) . 
  the explanation they gave was that their cost calculation showed that a strong $ would make the production process cheaper , because most parts of a car need to get `` imported '' . 
  the exchange rate of the euro is low ? 
  since when ? 
  oh a cheaper $ does not only mean that it can be sold cheaper . 
  the production gets more expensive , too . 
  you know , cars do n't grow on trees . 
  the raw materials and a lot of parts which are manufactured oversees become more expensive in the same time . 
  are you trying to rewrite history ? 
   because germany wanted greece to pay for mercedes/bmw/tanks / military contracts/etc in euro is a lie and never happened . 
  in fact waigel told papantoniou ( during those eu meeting when the eu members negotiate on how the euro should be implemented ) that they will not be part of the euro . 
  papantoniou even made a bet with waigel that greece will be part of it . 
  ( [ here is a documentation ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo2ylwemaz8 ) where papantoniou mention the bet between him and waigel , it is only in german but interesting for those who were to young to remember those negotiations ) . 
  germany did n't even want italy and spain to be part of the eurozone !, 
  and yet they forced a country which are responsible for less than 1 % of our export into the euro ? 
  i think you are the one who is naive . 
   where is the detail of the coalition program for government ? 
  here https://www.cdu.de/sites/default/files/media/dokumente/koalitionsvertrag.pdf it is in german of course . 
  and sorry i am not gon na translate 184 pages for you . 
  the rest of you question can be answered with `` not gon na happen '' . 
  seriously eurobonds will never ever happen . 
  even if the government would want it , which they do n't . 
  the german constitutional court will never allow it . 
   apparently there a lot of germans that is not a fan of the islamization of their country and we ca n't just ignore and pretend those people does n't exist . 
  of course there are a lot of germans who are scared of the islam , but not because they are an actual threat more because the media sells it product with fear-mongering . 
  and the mostly report about the salafist who wants to destroy our * grundgesetz * and while those extremist are a problem the threat is nothing like the media wants you to make believe it is . 
  on a sidenote salafist never caused any deaths in german ( afaik ) , the radical left and right ca n't say the same , can they ? 
  especially in times of the nsu it looks a bit weird , the media and government probably have a problem to accept that germany is not an exception in europe and that the extreme right gets stronger everywhere , even in germany despite our past . 
   here it is again , an instant downvote within a couple of minutes in order to get rid of this from the frontpage . 
  this surely has nothing to do with the other [ thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1bus54/greeces_unsettled_wwii_german_reparations_secret/ ) we already have . 
  i mean why should we continue the discussion there , if we could start all over again , right ? 
   2 ) deferral of greek interest payments on efsf loans by 10 years . 
  cut to the interest rates greece is paying on loans from its international partners : a ) lower by 100 basis points the interest rate greece is paying on its greek loan facility -- the loans it received on its first bailout package -- from 2.5 % to 0.75 % . 
  b ) cutting interest rates even further once the country reached a primary surplus , currently projected to happen in 2014 . 
  this will help greece to pay 600 million eur less per year , 5 billion eur in 8 years . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2012/11/27/eurogroup-3-bailout-tranches-in-4-tranches-a-drop-in-the-ocean-of-e319-bn-debt/ ), 
  i do n't think that is something you can argue about . 
  greece got a haircut and a reduction of her debt level . 
  creditors lost money . 
  without the haircut greece would have even more debt . 
  this is nothing you can argue about , and her debt2gdp only did n't decrease because they found other holes in their budget ( see greece bailout 2 and 3 ) . 
  we can discuss if it was enough , but not about if greece got an haircut or not . 
  talking about not being enough , of course it is not . 
  iwf , ecb all said that there need to be another haircut in the future ( and both of them wo n't pay for it because they have special rights ) . 
  even merkel gave a hint that greece will get it . 
  but greece will not get it now . 
  not only germany has loaned greece money , even slovenia had to participate in the bailout ( a country which a much much lower living standart than greece ) . 
  and maybe you do n't know it , but not only greece has a hard time . 
  another haircut could cause a lot of problems for other eurozone members . 
  slovenia , spain , italia , netherlands , france , portugal , ireland would all lose money , too . 
  it is not unlikely that a few of them will get problems with such a bailout , which could force them to need a bailout for themselves . 
  and do n't forget , why should spain , portugal and ireland write off those loans and not demand the same ? 
  ( i am still surprised they accepted the special interest rate of 0.75 % for greece without demanding the same treatment for themselves ) . 
  and what is the gain to have an immediately haircut for greece ? 
  not only is the interest rates of those loans lower then inflation , greece also get it back the moment they have a balanced budget . 
  i do n't see any benefit for greece having a haircut now instead getting one in 2014-2015 . 
  their debt level is a long term problem which will be fixed in the future , but right now it would only cause problems . 
  i wrote it in an other comment but your article is from june 2011 before greece got a true reduction of its debt . 
  you are also asking for a marshall plan . 
  something like that is probably needed , but i have yet to hear a good plan for it . 
  and hollande , merkel and monti had a meeting last year , where they agreed that something like that needs to be done . 
  i do n't think simply giving them a few 100 billions will fix the problem , it should be spent wisely . 
  spain , greece and portugal already received billions from the eu budget as a marshall plan . 
  spain has more airports than germany per citizen for example , roads to nowhere and the like . 
  if we have to spent a few more 100 of billion ( which no one really has in the eurozone btw . ),
