  this is shocking ... noone told me about it . 
  of course this statement is stupid , i did a dumb generalization in hope that the other side see that is also does n't help to generalize . 
  `` the german '' does n't exist , like `` the portuguese '' or `` the greek '' . 
  people are individuals and made different experiences and act differently . 
  i am sorry that my intention was n't viewed that way . 
  i have some problems with the video what should a german do after seeing it ? 
  paying your debt with german tax money ? 
  allowing to print money ( which will lead to a vanishing of german savings ) ? 
  lowering our standard of living for someone who hates us and call us a nazi all the time ( and yes i am saying that every portuguese does that , like the videomaker made it look like every german thinks that the portuguese are lazy ) ? 
  oh and it was mentioned that portugal did it without a marshall plan ... really ? 
  i did n't know that portugal was a net contributor for the eu budget . 
  it also surprises me that a country which is on the receiving end of `` the solidarity '' is for even more solidarity . 
  who would have thought that ? 
  let 's get real . 
  germany will not pay your debts . 
  we will not allow a transfer of wealth we see in a federation , because we are not a federation ( yet ) . 
  germany will give you the opportunity to buy time for reforms ( and reforms needs time a lot of time ) , but that 's about it . 
  you have to fix your own country , like we had to do it ourself . 
  trying to convince germans with the guild trip road will not make you popular in germany . 
  ask in a honest way , and there is surely a way for helping you a bit more . 
  ** demand ** more support and you will `` fall on deaf ears '', 
   and the uk get the blame for wanting to oppose the budget ? 
  this sounds like the whole eu is blaming the uk for opposing the budget . 
  but it is not like they are the only opposed to the budget . 
  [ germany shares the same oppionion ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/london-and-berlin-demand-billions-in-cuts-to-proposed-eu-budget-a-864560.html ) . 
  the article in [ german ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/eu-haushalt-deutschland-lehnt-billionen-budget-ab-a-864432.html ) uses an even stronger headline with saying that germany is blocking the budget . 
  those article do n't say where the german politicians wants further cuts . 
  but seeing such a reaction from france and knowing that more than 40 % of the budget is used for farming , it seems clear that they also want to cut the cap . 
  they are still talking about the budget and i would like to acknowledge that the france position on it is not the position of continental europe . 
  and on a personal note i want to add that this is also one of those times i think the british participation to europe is needed . 
  they are needed to balance the french demands . 
  alone the german opposition of the budget is not enough to agree on a reasonable budget . 
  especially since i rate the diplomatic skills of the french much higher than the ones of their german counterparts . 
  i think that it is highly possibly that france joins arms with some of the other members of clubmed ( maybe in return of a grow package they will vote for ) . 
  isolating germany even more from their eurozone partners . 
  while you really seem to be well informed about europe , i do n't know your knowledge about the german post-war psyche germany will not defend it position against the rest , they will agree on a compromise . 
  german european politics only consist of the `` scheckbuch '' ( translation : checkbook ) and compromises . 
  we never defended our position or morals point of view to the bitter end . 
  and since we ca n't use our checkbooks to solve the problems ( because we do n't have enough money ) we will try to find a compromise . 
  i can guarantee you that . 
  and to find a satisfying compromise we will also need the british viewpoint . 
  at least that is my opinion, 
  hehe you got me there . 
  thanks for you explanation . 
  with all the fourth reich stuff going on , it is somewhat difficult to identify jokes from insults . 
  relax !, 
  while it is understandable that lammerts words sound insulting , they hold some truth . 
  the addition of romania and bulgaria helped the economy of the new and old eu countries , but it also caused several problems . 
  if i remember some eu reports correctly , after joining the eu , fighting organized crime and corruption plus the developing of an independent judiciary came to an hold ( more or less ) . 
  not only is this causing problems for the citizens of romania ( afaik some of the eu help you should get to develop your country further is wasted because of corruption ) , it also means that the eu is supporting yet another corrupted government . 
  it do n't think german politicians are demanding anything from the citizens of romania , they are demanding changes from your politicians . 
  but sadly the only way to demand such things is the threat of stopping eu aids , which will not hurt corrupt politicians but the citizens . 
  so it is not really a viable way to force a change . 
  demanding certain reforms before a joining is probably the right way . 
  but like i said his words were not political correct and it is understandable that you feel somewhat insulted . 
  but i do n't think they were meant that way . 
   what was the reason for the change of policy in germany ? 
  because to me it seems the reason was public reaction to fukushima disaster we decided to abandon nuclear power in 2000 . 
  cdu and fdp only decided to extend the nuclear program for a few more years in 2010 , and revoke that decision after fukushima . 
  fukushima did n't influence our decision if we should abandon nuclear power , it influenced only when we are going to abandon it . 
   all of this could of been avoided by merkel and her idiot followers if they used some common sense . 
  hi usually this is the point where the other sides tells your why and where you are wrong . 
  but i want to try something different today and explain you the german position . 
  we are not going to subsidize the greece living standard , ever . 
  period . 
  we organize our communities differently and pay for it differently . 
  greeks may enjoyed different things germans had to cut in our agenda2010 . 
  we pay and payed different taxes and live under different rules . 
  the german taxpayer will not accept such reallocation of wealth in this way . 
  the bailout money is a temporary aide because you are looked out of the financial market . 
  also keep in mind , i am trying to explain the german position ( from my perspective ) . 
  i am not saying you asked for it , but this is one of the biggest concerns of the german taxpayers . 
  the money from the bailouts is not there to help the people of greece , you get those pay your debts . 
  they should give you the ability to avoid a default . 
  you already spent that money . 
  we are buying you time , nothing more , nothing less . 
  the germans ca n't fix your economy . 
  you have to fix it yourself . 
  i know that it is popular to think that germany would love to rule over europe , but it is not ruling europe . 
  we ca n't decided the politics in your country . 
  we give you very strict conditions for the bailouts , because we want to make sure that those are not permanent transfers . 
  you are not forced to take it . 
  and something more important , we do n't implement it . 
  we only hear about cuttings , but not about the needed reforms . 
  while decreasing your spendings is a good thing ( countries poorer than yours have to pay for your bailouts . ), 
  and you simply need to spent a reasonable amount of money . 
  but personally those reforms are much , much more important . 
  your politicians have to implement it , those will make things better in your country . 
  let 's be honest you are not able to pay back your debts and never will . 
  no one can change it and we all should accept it . 
  the compound interest ( thanks to frieswithketchup for telling me the translation of zinseszins ) alone is to much . 
  the forced haircut was not enough , it is obvious . 
  luckily most of your debt is owned by the ecb ( afaik ) . 
  there is no risk of a new banking crisis for the next haircut . 
  sadly there is no trust for the crisis countries . 
  you had more than a decade of cheap loans , because of the euro . 
  your politicians decided to use it for increasing wages . 
  it probably raised their changes of reelection , but this was a great opportunity you missed . 
  there was another country called `` sick man of europe '' who decided to reform itself during that time . 
  take at least one secound to ask yourself if germany can afford to bailout europe .
