  and europe does n't need another troubled economy . 
  we probably come to a different conclusion because i do n't see a healthy trade surplus in europe . 
  while it is true if you see it as a whole , i think it does n't look that good if you look at the numbers separate for every country . 
  it has been a while since the last time i checked the numbers , but if i remember it correctly , the overall trade surplus looks healthy because it is carried by the economies who are still in a good shape . 
  the article does mention that germany accounts for more than 50 % of the trade surplus . 
  i do n't think that this means other countries do n't have a problem with competitiveness . 
   or there need to be fiscal transfers to the periphery i do n't think this will be possible in the current construct we call eu . 
  voters in the north will not like such transfer and the eurosceptism will grow amongst them . 
  while it is true that people in ( especially ) northern countries will lose money , and more and more are accepting it . 
  there is absolutely no support for a permanent transfer of wealth in those countries . 
  and after all you are ask them for their money and as long as they wont support it , there is no chance to implement it . 
  it is the good old `` no taxation without representation '' thing . 
  and i do n't see the eu becoming a federal report any time soon . 
   or perhaps simply a concerted stimulus within europe yes that sounds like the most reasonable solution in the moment . 
  the reform seem to be to painfully and the crisis countries need some help during the reformation of their economies . 
  though i would only be in favor of it , if it would be a also good investment . 
  something the countries will profit in the long run . 
  i do n't think more roads or airports would help spain for example . 
  i think that this is the part where we have problems . 
  european leaders have agreed on such a stimulus ( thought it might be to small ) but afaik they could n't agree on how to spent it , but maybe i only missed the news about it . 
  i am sorry , i did n't want to call you are racist , nor do i think you are one ( i do n't know you ) i wanted to show you that racist ( in my experience at least ) use the same `` discussing culture '' . 
  and i wanted to show you that i think it is simply not very classy to write something the way you did it . 
  pretending something is bad and immediately saying it is their fault , annoys me . 
  also the diplomat did n't humiliate anybody . 
  he expressed his opinion that the structures of the public sector in greece are not efficient . 
  maybe you see it as a statement that he thinks that you are all a bunch of lazy asses , but that was n't his intention . 
  but yes his wording was bad , but still , this is not a reason to attack said diplomat , like i found your wording quite bad . 
  and you are all so right that the tensions are high . 
  but the same thing counts for the german side . 
  we are somewhat used to the `` nazikeule '' but it is beginning to reach a ridiculous level . 
  we are sick to be named as the cause of everything bad , especially after investing so much money to this idea . 
  germans are turning away from europe , and there is the danger that we will develop into another uk like eurosceptic country . 
  if this should happen , you all will wish back the days of the ebil german hegemony . 
  but the second part of your comment ruined it for me . 
  it sounds like the nonsense from racist all over the world . 
  they also usually say things like `` look i am not a racist , but i really do n't like the turks/any other minority '' . 
  i simply do n't believe your statement if you immediately add that it is the fault of the germans . 
  during the whole crisis , i never read something about the responsibilities of the crisis countries , it is always someone else fault . 
  germans would be way more willing to actually help if some asked them in an honest way . 
  i never read that , i only read about the evil banks who forced the countries to take those loans , the evil corparation who forced them to buy those products , etc. 
  i ca n't hear it anymore . 
  yeah like the violent demonstrations in the arab world against that ridiculous video . 
  it was also the fault of the western world for not banning that video right ? 
  it is funny how everyone forget about the demands to show more leadership last year . 
  literally the whole world begged for german leadership , even the polish foreign minister asked for it . 
  and now it was the german master plan all along . 
  ridiculous !, 
  thank you for commenting on my awful comment . 
  hyper inflation ? 
  who said something about hyperinflation ? 
  i have n't mentioned it at least . 
  why did you mention it ? 
  to denounce my posting ? 
  do you realize what inflation is ? 
  it is nothing but a different form of a tax . 
  your salary , saving will be worth less . 
  and while corporations will adjust prices of products , your wages wont . 
  you do realize that the euro was created as a `` hard currency '' ? 
  a currency with a relative low inflation ? 
  `` increasing the money supply '' will not only lose the bit of trust the eurozone has left . 
  it will also screw every person with savings . 
  we had some serious reforms in germany ( i am sure you have heard of the agenda 2010 ) , we decided to not demand an increase of our wages for a decade !, 
  if i remember it correctly , the averages salaries in greece grow more than 100 % and you are telling me that the germans have to pay for that decision ? 
  really ? 
  maybe my english is not good enough for that highly difficult topic , but that was n't my point . 
  i tried to say that portugal received money form the eu ( in `` not beeing a net contributer '' ) . 
  they got money , money they do n't have to pay back unlike the marshall plan . 
  money that should help them to catch up to other countries . 
  maybe you want to check how much portugal got since its joining of the eu . 
  it is not that i am against supporting weaker nations , but how can you claim they did it without a marshall plan ? 
  they got something even better , eu funding !, 
  do they think germans a stupid ? 
  we pay quite a lot to the eu budget , and yet sometimes it sounds that there is no help at all . 
  you do not ask for help in such a way . 
  ** you will only created another uk in the middle of europe . 
  demanding more support ? 
  i still do n't get it , it looks that even quite a lot of the portuguese writing on / r/europe do n't get it either . 
  but maybe you can explain where do you need more support ? 
  maybe this discussion can get a little bit productive . 
  if you simply demand more money , you can stick it to a place where the sun does n't shine . 
  if you have some arguments where you need some `` investments '' , more time or whatever i will listing to it . 
  also i never mentioned that i am against a fully unified europe . 
  i said that we do n't live in one . 
  and you can not demand a transfer of wealth without it . 
  we are not a federation , we are a union of different countries . 
  we have different laws , especially a different `` fiskus '' ( tax authorities ? ), 
  boy , we do not evade taxes in germany , because we are more responsible , better human beings or whatever . 
  we do n't evade them because we fear our fiskus . 
  and while we get reports about tax collectors in outer countries , who were threated to get fired because they actually tried to collect taxes , you want us to spent * our * money on other countries ? 
  it is not working that way . 
  in a system where everyone is equal , it would be acceptable , it is not like bremen is that different to greece ( sorry my fellow bremer ) . 
  but the citizens of bremen live under the same rules like the rest of germany . 
  the citizens of europe does n't . 
  i do n't see a federal republic of europe on the horizon and unless we have something like that , you ca n't demand certain things . 
  especially if it breaks existing treaties . 
  i think embarrassing is the wrong word . 
  i do n't see why a portuguese ( you are from portugal ? ), 
  should be embarrassed . 
  i assume you had no say in doing it . 
  we hate you ?
