  this is something the whole eurozone should question . 
  even if we would want to pay for the ez , we could n't . 
  do you remember our reunification ? 
  it did n't cost us 2 trillion $ and yet it nearly destroyed us . 
  the west had to lower their living standard , and our national debt decreased immensely . 
  the estimated debt of the giips countries are 14 trillion $ . 
  there is no way germany could afford the demands of our eurozone partners . 
  do n't assume we are wealthy because our economy is in a good shape . 
  yes we have it better than most countries . 
  but the german is not that wealthy it seems . 
  in fact the households in italy have more wealthy than those in germany . 
  and yet germans are asked to sacrifice even more . 
  we have many issues in germany , it starts with the lack of a minimum wages goes over the invention of `` minijobs '' and ends with our pensions . 
  did you know that a lot of germans retirees will not payed enough into our pensions founds to get more than a `` grundsicherung '' ? 
  it means they will get an average of 710 $ as a pension . 
  this is not going to work , and we will need to reform our pension system , which will need a ton of money . 
  thanks to our demographic change . 
  it will get pretty damn expensive when we will need to change it . 
  i can already see retirees roaming munich for some pfand on a daily basis . 
  they need the money to make a few bucks more . 
  and it will get soooo much worse in germany . 
  do n't ask for too much . 
  we have a lot of well integrated greece people in germany . 
  quite a few of us have friends from greece ancestry . 
  at least i can call one greek a friend , but he told me how things are in greece . 
  he told my about the way you do business in greece or how you were considered as dumb for paying all of your taxes . 
  do n't deny that mostly everyone participate in the tax dodging . 
  some of us know better . 
  europe denied germany , eastern europe , scandinavia and the dutch any solidarity . 
  please stop asking for it . 
  we still remember how the spanish denied the german request to lower the amount germany has to pay into the eu . 
  the planning of our reunification had some flaws , and we could n't afford the whole amount we paid the eu to help other countries . 
  the spanish alread used it in their plans and denied us our wish . 
  today we see how they used the money to build roads no one needs or airports which will never see an airplane take off . 
  and they lecture us about solidarity ? 
  and this is the situation in germany , do you know anything about the time after the soviet union , when east europe become free and broke ? 
  i can only imagine what they think about solidarity . 
  __________________________________________________ those are only some of the german concerns . 
  maybe we could finally start a real discussion about it . 
  this will also give us the ability to listen to your concerns . 
  denying your responsibilities for the whole mess will not help you . 
  you will not score points by the people who will pay for you . 
  i would like to see a honest demand for help . 
  you fucked it up in your country . 
  most people in germany a scared about a lot of things and everyone ignores it . 
  there is also no doubt about that the things in greece . 
  they are not working as they should . 
  probably the troika thought that your `` real '' economy is stronger than it actually is . 
  there are a lot of issues in greece and it would be great if we could also start a real discussion about it . 
  it should n't surprise anyone that `` austerity '' is not working like it is in other countries . 
  to be an effective internal deflation greece would need another 30 % percents of wages cuts . 
  this is something no one can ask for . 
  so it is clear that we will need some changes . 
  and i tried to describe the german stance . 
  lets discuss it in a way we could all profit from . 
  we are a special kind . 
  we are scared easily , we care about things other europeans do n't think about because they will happen no matter what we will do . 
  we have ( thankfully ) a great diversity in europe . 
  keep that in mind . 
  what seems logical to you , does n't have to be logical to some one else and vice versa . 
  i hope that we all will continue to live together , but we have reached a status were both of us do n't talk about things together . 
  we yell at each other and that 's it . 
  this is not going to work . 
  it is somewhat understandable that you are mad . 
  but not only do i think that your anger is pointed at the wrong persons , i also believe that it wont help . 
  it is 5:00 o'clock and i am a bit drunk , but i still want to finish my posting . 
  i see at lot of problems in the greek and german way . 
  but i actually think that we need a discussion about it . 
  we should stop yelling at us and start understanding us . 
  if your or any of your fellow greece seems to be reasonable , i would like to start a topic about it here on reddit . 
  but before i invest more time for it , i would like to see some greeks who act reasonable . 
  if you are all butthurt we ca n't have a dialoge . 
  this certainly holds some truth in it . 
  the exchange rate was more of a political decision than an economic one . 
  kohl wanted to show that the east germans are equal to the west . 
  and it is true that was the cause of a lot of economic problems . 
  the companies in east germany were not very competitive at the beginning . 
  the economic reform caused that the wages were also converted on a 1:1 basis ( and not only the savings via the currency reform ) which made it even worse . 
  many companies had to close and unemployment was high . 
  kohl promised that we will have a `` flourish landscape '' in the east soon . 
  but soon after the reunification east germans only got a high unemployment rate , and of course the did n't want to wait for it and many of them left the east to find work in west germany . 
  leaving the old behind . 
  a problem we still have and something which makes comparing the former gdr with other satellite states rather difficulty . 
   besides , we got much help from the eu of course you did . 
  that is the job of the eu to help poorer countries to catch up . 
  but so did greece and spain ( and many more ) . 
  you guys used it quite well , and you should n't talk down what you have achieved . 
  as a german i can remember how things where after the soviet union ceased to exist . 
  reunification was a great burden for germany . 
  we spent 1,6 trillion $ for east germany and counting . 
  all of germany had to make ( painful ) cuts , because of it and you can still see a difference between east and west germany . 
  things would be much worse if the gdr would be own her own . 
  knowing that , it impresses me even more how fast you rebuild your country . 
   bavaria for example wants to kill the whole l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich , but this is n't possible anyway , so it 's just posturing . 
  this is simply wrong , no one in bavaria wants to kill it completely . 
  but the burden of the lfa gets to big , bayern ca n't afford it anymore . 
  the amount of money is not reasonable . 
  we will need an adjustment for it . 
  baw\u00fc and bayern ca n't carry the rest on their back . 
   in a fiat money system all values add up to zero : all bills printed + all debt = 0 i am sorry , but it seems you need to do some more researches about our money system .
