  i think their is a strong argument for moderate hierarchy and more independenc vs highly centralised authority , but that 's already how every modern military functions and one of the advantages of capitalism in the first place is that it tends to be less centralized and rigid than aristicracy . 
  capitalism has historically been defined by a large middle class , not power concentration in the upper class . 
  yeah , i think something a lot of anarcho-communism proponents ignore is that people already do this on a small scale ( where it works ) and it fits into a capitalist system quite nicely . 
  we just call it having a good family/community/social network and in a strictly anarcho-communist country it is n't going to function without those bonds anyway . 
  why are the critics so wrong as to have their arguments brilliantly and clearly destroyed ? 
  i think many arguments for ubi alternatives ( including the currwnt systems ) are sound and well reasoned . 
  i also think ubi is the best approach devised so far , but not by such a wide margin that it would be obvious . 
  this conversation is necessarily going to be nuanced and many different proposals are going to be viable . 
  the current system is by no means broken either , but i do n't think it 's as effective as it could be were another approach to be tried . 
  yeah , any kind of introduction would have to be gradual . 
  even a good change can be very disruptive if no one is given time to adapt . 
  so what 's the alternative ? 
  you become a homeless beggar ? 
  then you start detracting from tourism , annoying people , spreading disease , possibly imcreasing crime , not to mention damaging city/national prestige . 
  homeless people have high invisible costs , it 's cheaper for society to pay for your basic needs anyway . 
  if society gives you cash you can find the best value yourself and give your patronage to normal companies that everyone uses rather than specialized charities and homeless shelters . 
  also sure , maybe you do n't think it 's worth it to work full time just to have a higher living standard and $ 400 is enough for you . 
  but i can imagine there are many , many conpanies that would love to have a very small amount of work . 
  even if you 're really lazy , does n't the idea of working at your local cafe over the lunch time rush get awfully appealing ? 
  that could double your income for just 2 hours a day a few days a week . 
  and if you do n't feel like doing it for a few months ? 
  just stop , your basic income is covered . 
  i do n't really see a problem with this . 
  most people are still going to work , and the few that do n't or choose to work intermittently are a small cost relatively , especially considering society already does spend money on them . 
  i always saw it as nothing but a better way of doing something we already do with less coverage and efficiency , and more faith in the decision making of individuals vs governments agencies . 
  we already have food assistance , housing assistance , unemployment , anti-homelessness programs , etc all of these programs can be rolled into one , simple , unified program with no micromanagement or means testing and and significantly less administrative cost . 
  as people start to make too much money they 'll naturally lose more and more of the ubi salary to taxes until they reach the point where they 're a net contributor to the system , but at no point do they have an incentive not to earn more income . 
  we can also do away with economically disruptive things like minimum wage as wages no longer need to assure survival and ubi sets a soft minimum floor for the value of time . 
  i think society should want people to say `` job x pays so little that my time is more efficiently used biking to work , growing my own vegetables , doing my own home repair , cooking my own meals , watching my own kids etc while job y pays enough that it 's better to work at it for 8 hours a day and pay other people to do those things instead '' i 'm less concerned with the cost of ubi and more concerned people wasting their time in work that produces very little value per hour . 
  i support ubi because i think it will make the economy more efficient and i believe we are entering an era where unskilled labor will be still useful , but too unreliable as a means of keeping people out of homelessness and starvation . 
  i think we need more and better pilot programs to refine the specifics of ubi and test whether it truly works on a large scale . 
  where in the u.s. though ? 
  found the militant atheist ... 
  at the risk of falling down the black hole that is an internet theology discussion : i agree , it is very interesting that god is described as omnipotent in genesis , and then rather non-omnipotent later on . 
  i do think it 's quite a bit more complicated than this though . 
  the bible is an extremely complex text filled with an overwhelming quantity of subtleness and poetic language/cultural references that tend to hurtle right over the heads of many modern readers . 
  would suggest talking to an actual biblical scholar about this stuff if you 're really interested in understanding it . 
  i find it fascinating but i 'm definitely not qualified . 
  for the record i 'm buddhist , but christianity fascinates me . 
  especially genesis . 
  whether you want to see a silly collection of ignorant superstition or a brilliant work of philosophy offering insights from people who were just as smarter as they are today but had an entirely different way of looking at things , that 's up to you . 
  the former seems a bit of a waste though . 
  `` shitrectangle '' is one of the most beautifully simple and inelegant insults i 've ever heard . 
  excellent work , sir . 
  a more stable and prosperous southern europe means more total wealth in the eurozone though , and that means more people with buying power that germany is well positioned to export to . 
  worst case scenario , the economies flop anyway and germany loses money that honestly , they can spare . 
  best case scenario , germany makes a lot of money that otherwise would n't even exist . 
  that sounds like an excellent gamble for the germans . 
  and you can add the benefits of collective security to that as well . 
  except you ca n't actually prove christian doctrine is wrong . 
  it 's internally consistent from its own assumptions , and those assumptions are not falsifiable . 
  he 's got a point , you know . 
  what !? 
  as a trained rock dove , i take offense to that !, 
  agreed , and i think this kind of thing contributes to terrorism . 
  most terrorist attacks have been carried out by eu citizens , right ? 
  muslim children live in a 90 % muslim enclave with very high immigrant population where french is not the primary language in most homes . 
  go to a 90 % muslim school with different culture from the rest of france . 
  grow up separated from other french people lacking common experiences , communication , sense of common identity . 
  harder to find work outside your neighborhood , harder to make non-muslim friends that did n't grow up the same way in the same place . 
  sense of alienation grows , and that 's when radicalization can take root . 
  immigrants need to be dispersed throughout the native population by design . 
  especially if they 're from a very different culture , or follow a different religion from the majority . 
  integration works , segregation destroys national unity and breeds resentment and alienation . 
  yeah , it 's a pretty huge social problem in a lot of countries , it seems . 
  i 'm not even really sure what the best policies would be to fix it . 
  also median net worth in germany might only be $ 50k , but it 's $ 45k in the united states . 
  home ownership rates are about 50 % in germany vs 60 % in america vs 80 % in norway . 
  just like in america , whether it 's smarter to rent or buy in europe depends on where you live and the unique conditions in your local market . 
  they 're both big places . 
  personally i think a lot of people are a bit obsessed with home ownership for historical reasons when renting is often a better option and stocks are an excellent investment alternative . 
  one of the huge downsides of owning a home is that it makes moving a huge hassle . 
  a renter can just pick up and leave easily , an owner has to sell their house , which can be expensive and time consuming and almost impossible if your area suddenly finds itself in an economic slump . 
  car factory in your town closes ? 
  no problem , go take a job making tractors the next state over . 
  do n't think your software engineering job is paying what you 're worth ? 
  make your employer compete with companies on the other side of the country to retain you , or take a job in austen that pays $ 40k more . 
  gives you massive flexibility and job security to not be tied down by a house . 
  if the math works out right in your area and you 've got a great , stable job you intend to stay at for the foreseeable future , then sure , buying can be great . 
  otherwise i think renting and investing in stocks is usually a little better . 
  especially if you can only afford to do one or the other . 
  who won the dogfights though ? 
  i used to live in the midwest , and i currently live in western germany . 
  prices and wages are very similar . 
  3 bedroom home in cincinnati $ 18,000 per year . 
  in frankfurt ? 
  $ 19,000 per year . 
  cost of groceries ? 
  exactly the same . 
  gas costs significantly less in cincinnati . 
  frankfurt has a significantly better metro system and germany has a world class national high speed train system that connects all over europe . 
  personally , driving a car in the states cost me about $ 7,000 a year . 
  i use the german train systems a lot and it costs me about $ 2,000 per year , commutes are faster , and i get to work on a little table on the train instead of driving . 
  germany has public healthcare . 
  any decent job in the u.s provides healthcare . 
  quality is excellent in both systems . 
  europe has more cultural wealth to enjoy ( art , museums , historic buildings , ancient history etc ) , america has more natural wealth to enjoy ( huge national parks , deep wilderness , unique landmarks and landscapes etc ) . 
  though interesting things are easier to get to in europe . 
  average net salary in cincinnati is $ 2,600 . 
  average net salary in $ frankfurt is $ 2,600 .
