  i know they yelled something at him but i do n't remember what . 
  he yelled back that he was leaving but would keep shooting back if they did . 
  it was way up in the appalachian mountians so i doubt there were police officers anywhere within reasonable distance . 
  complete middle of nowhere . 
  depending on where you are in america this kind of thing is either ridiculous and would never happen or completely unsurprising . 
  you 're right , we should give visiting foreign officials pairs of adult eagles . 
  is there an alternative that does n't involve going to russia ? 
  we tried this with guns but it did n't work as well . 
  back to the drawing board boys !, 
  i hear a lot of the oldschool horse nomad culture moved to kazakhstan . 
  well they 've basically been at war on their own borders for decades . 
  it was a mistake . 
  more barbarity please . 
  am former colony , can confirm . 
  whether it 's fundamentalist christians in america or fundamentalist muslims in netherlands , fundamentalists are all pretty much the same . 
  they all hate each other and everyone else . 
  the rest of us get along just fine despite our differences so i think viewing the whole thing as a struggle between fundamentalism and modern secularism that crosses all national borders and religions is appropriate . 
  we can and should wipe them out and then get back to enjoying our religions sensibly and trading and traveling and whatnot . 
  the next time they have a coup , you guys should probably help them . 
  well on the one hand i might die . 
  on the other hand orange juice is really good so it 's a difficult decision to be sure . 
  danish accents also sound great in english . 
  same . 
  what 's not existing like ? 
  i 've always wondered . 
  interesting . 
  and how will this proposed `` stadium '' help to control the squirrel population . 
  this city has priorities to consider . 
  agreed . 
  `` no matter where you 're from , you can live here but you must become dutch '' sounds like a very reasonable deal to me . 
  if you are n't willing to fully adopt dutch culture you do n't belong in the netherlands . 
  i really love this sentiment . 
  who cares where you were born or what your ethnicity is ? 
  values and culture are what matter . 
  that 's awesome, 
  but i am serious . 
  this actually happened . 
  drohilbano terrorist comfirmed, 
  i thought erdogan and putin hated each other, 
  athenian democracy was the best . 
  `` now that we 've declared war on the country we formed an alliance with last week , we must select a brilliant strategist to lead our armies ... by random lottery ! '', 
  `` frank the janitor , in recognition of your accomplishments in the war , we bestow upon you this medal of valor . 
  also you 're being tried for treason . 
  but we 've decided to pardon you because you 're great . 
  wait , no , we 've decided to execute you now ! '', 
  so if i go to turkey right now ... it 's pretty much free orange juice as much as i can drink ? 
  does ... does the queen know ? 
  but you need both wings to fly , man, 
  that 's quite some flair you 've got there , guy, 
  my cousin got in a shootout with several rednecks when he got lost and accidentally wandered on to their property . 
  what went wrong with brazil then ? 
  you guys were supposed to teach them how to make flags !, 
  west germany got what now ? 
  the polish part ? 
  and we all know that eventually leads to nuking italy . 
  artificially cooling the planet seems like a more cost effective solution at that point . 
  but we 're the same civilization . 
  well at least that one would n't be a nuclear war . 
  maybe you do n't, 
  but ... but what if we 're really in step 10 ? 
  ridiculous . 
  nothing would make u.s. policymakers happier than the eu becoming a military superpower . 
  eu and u.s. defense interests are almost exactly the same . 
  holy shit i was not expecting to hear something like that from a german . 
  it appears likely that putin has complete control over the russian state . 
  so in that sense it would be a private individual donor !, 
  why did you leave ? 
  it 's all your fault things are bad now !, 
  step 1 ) use your giant pool of money to begin systematic propaganda campaign to stoke irrational , hysterical fear of something that is n't well understood by the public ( too much familiarity means it 's too easy for more measured voices to talk everyone down from the cliff ) step 2 ) get controllable politicians elected by promising to protect the public from this thing in the most extreme and thus best way . 
  step 3 ) systematically sabotage the governments ability to govern the country , stoke class and racial conflict , engineer resource scarcity and watch everyone fight over it . 
  step 4 ) find everyone trying to solve the problems you 've caused and single them out as the source of the problem . 
  step 5 ) when opposition has been eliminated and confidence in the government is sufficiently low , use the public aversion to the very idea of public governance you created to dissolve or defund government agencies , weaken legal authority and regulation , and just all around cripple government as much as possible while still maintaining the illusion that elected officials are still in control . 
  step 6 ) the multinational corporation swoops in to fill the power vacuum left by national governments . 
  they are beholden to no voters , restrained by no rules , and can freely float between whichever countries produce the most amenable environment for their activities . 
  voting becomes a formality devoid of any real power , its only purpose being to legally legitimize corporate activity . 
  the largest corporations absorb anything too small to survive in this environment . 
  the remaining giants wrestle for control over global resources . 
  soft power slowly begins shifting towards hard power as multinational entities align into two factions for survival . 
  without the stability of democracy and war averse voters holding back the ambitions of those insulated from the consequences of those ambitions , violence becomes the most effective means of exerting influence once again . 
  step 7 ) ????? 
  step 8 ) the relatively small group of people that survive the resulting period of violence and chaos recreate democratic institutions and rule by consensus . 
  an egalitarian legal and economic system is created again to allow for individual freedom , personal responsibility , diffusion of power , and non-violent conflict resolution . 
  step 9 ) some people will inevitably be more capable than others . 
  they will exert more influence than average , contribute more to society than average , and reap greater rewards from society than average either directly or indirectly . 
  step 10 ) these above average individuals fall into two categories in response to their success . 
  the first group will continue to focus on contributing to society and enjoy their proportionally greater rewards , status , and public trust . 
  the second group will instead use their abilities and position of influence to begin to slowly reshape the system to reduce competition and entrench power in their personal social networks . 
  over time contribution to society will become increasingly unimportant and gaining the favor of the 2nd group will become increasingly important . 
  eventually a tipping point will be reached where even the least competent gain authority over the first group through nothing but loyalty to the second . 
  a strict hierarchy will become evident with the competent and selfish at the top , the incompetent and loyal in the middle , and the competent who continued to focus on the common good and the maintenance of the meritocratic system on the bottom , becoming irrelevant . 
  we have at least two very large factions emerging that have very different ideas about these things . 
  i would characterize the current environment as `` global ideological battle for survival . '', 
  could n't comment on how much this is reflected in other countries but this conflict has been brewing in the united states for quite a while now and it is n't surprising to see it boiling over into other countries . 
  nonetheless it is unfortunate . 
  i just want to make sure i 'm offending people for the right reason , you know ? 
  the mid-west is fine . 
  i 'm picking on the deep south here !, 
  i 'm not californian . 
  who 'd have guessed an orange could turn out to be such a lemon . 
  i think we forgot those were there .
