  nah they 're too busy protecting us from sikhs to notice me . 
  i 've more an outsiders perspective on all this of course , but the eu reaction , especially in germany , looks more procedural than anything else . 
  they 're just doing what they said they were going to do before the exit vote , and are n't willing to make special rules for britain like allowing full market access without free movement . 
  the whole thing is probably good for america though honestly . 
  you wont have anywhere else to go but to us , buuuuddyyy ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the swiss know about making things great . 
  they 've always had a wall . 
  to be fair , brexit was not a great idea . 
  does n't make brits stupid but i can understand the bewilderment over that decision . 
  yeah i think it 's mostly cultural . 
  i think the advertising industry is to blame more than anything . 
  people were sold this ridiculous fantasy of buying a huge house with a huge lawn and then zipping every where they need to go over strangely empty freeways . 
  no one mentioned soul destroying 2 hour daily commutes , the alienating lack of community , or just how big cities would have to get if population followed projections . 
  developers could make more money this way , so that 's what they sold . 
  the idea of this `` american dream '' where you have a personal car and live in a giant detached house is so ingrained in our collective psyche it 's taking forever to get rid of it , and there can be frustratingly little questioning of whether these things are actually making people happy , and whether anything tangible is actually gained from these symbols of independence and status everyone 's chasing . 
  the attitude of younger people seems to have shifted solidly to civic lifestyle though , so that 's a good sign . 
  how about a nice mixture of pride , guilt , and acknowledgment that one has a different sense of responsibility on a personal level vs a national identity level . 
  the willingness of most germans to own up to the nazi era is genuinely respectable and brave . 
  i 've always admired germany for things like the wwii museums with this attitude of `` we 're not gon na let ourselves forget this mistake and that 's gon na make us better people . '', 
  to be fair , we use u-s-a chants as equal parts genuine expression of national pride and self-aware joke . 
  stuff like that is our equivalent of the german jokes about invading belgium . 
  i have an extremely negative view of american slavery and genocide of the native population . 
  i do n't feel personally responsible for it either . 
  seems a pretty sensible relationship to your past . 
  learn from it , but guilt is n't productive . 
  being proud of your good accomplishments is a good way to encourage more of them . 
  is there really that much anti-british sentiment here ? 
  i 've seen mostly positivity towards britain overall . 
  agreed , it 's like trying to classify the roman empire as good or bad . 
  all you can easily say is that they 've had an immense impact on the current state of the world . 
  beyond that you ca n't really say anything productive without approaching the question from both a very specific and very large scale and that 's going to take a lot of time . 
  i 'd be proud of the ussr if i was russian . 
  soviet science contributed immensely to the world , for one thing . 
  he mentioned bulgarians being unfriendly to tourists . 
  really surprised britain is so low . 
  do n't lie . 
  maometh already gave us the real answer . 
  i 'm really glad turkey is in nato . 
  everyone was super nice when i visited bulgaria last year . 
  except this group of other tourists who made fun of me because i could n't read the street signs and then gave me intentionally bad directions that almost resulted in missing my flight . 
  no idea where they were from , but fuck those guys . 
  also the airport staff was the rudest i have ever seen . 
  but what if it goes bust and then turns into syria 2 : explosive boogaloo ? 
  collapse seems pretty unlikely . 
  significant structural change is what we 're headed for i 'd say . 
  yeah local governments are often funded by it . 
  on the other hand it does contribute to sprawl a bit . 
  probably not enough to stop doing it . 
  i like the idea of trading very freely with places like europe and japan but i do wonder if there might be a better approach for areas with very different economies . 
  and increasing automation puts another complication in things . 
  i 'm in such a strange philosophical position over here because i simultaneously think brexit was a terrible idea , and that too much power is concentrated in the u.s. federal government and states ( or at least regions like the whole western coast ) should be more autonomous . 
  california funnels a large amount of money into into a state like arkansas or mississippi and in return , those states interfere with californias ability to effectively manage its policies . 
  increasingly i just keep asking myself things like `` we fought a war to keep these people in the union and what are they actually doing for us ? '', 
  extends collapse of what ? 
  `` corporate taxation is n't really optimal and ought to have been replaced with individual and property taxation long ago . '', 
  mostly agree with you but how do you implement this over a large scale . 
  if you do n't have an agreement about how taxes are going to work over the whole trade area these companies freely operate in , how do you avoid a race to the bottom regulation-wise ? 
  globalization is good i think but in the past we 've acted like more of it is better in any situation . 
  like it was something we should just automatically push for everywhere without really thinking about that specific situation , and this has caused a lot of problems i think . 
  i think the european public should look carefully at the problems created by uniting an area as large and diverse as the united states under one strong federal government . 
  we made a lot of mistakes you guys do n't have to repeat . 
  `` one in the u.k. '' that makes me sad :(, 
  why not just have sensible physical and psychological requirements that reflect what is actually necessary to do the job and see who passes regardless of sex ? 
  if lots of women can do the job , then you 're wrong and there 's no problem . 
  if very few women can do the job , then you 're right and it 's still not a problem because women wont pass basic tests despite recruitment and drafting ignoring their gender . 
  seems like a pretty simple way to do things to me . 
  i 'd characterize the traditional attitude of american real estate developers as `` an intense ideological hatred of public spaces '' but now days `` commons '' and `` walkability '' and `` mainstreet '' have become pretty popular so i 'm optimistic . 
  we 're getting a lot better since we started transitioning away from suburbia and back towards mixed use development . 
  do n't kink shame , man, 
  in his defense i have visited those locations but i probably still do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
  time is a flat circle . 
  we 're all hipsters now , did n't you know ? 
  it 's been inescapable ever since the hipster reality bubble collided with the universal mainstream in the false timeline 30 years from now . 
  til french beer is a dangerous minefield filled with uncertainty and lies . 
  it could be , if you copied it . 
  ahh , iowa . 
  captain kirk 's homeland . 
  where do you live now ? 
  just curious . 
  they really should just rename it to cascadia already . 
  way better name . 
  come on , washington !, 
  seattle is such a beautiful city though !, 
  never been to any of those other places so could n't say . 
  i hear houston is surprisingly pretty and non-insane . 
  oh , you know what i 'd really recommend visiting if you like beautiful , vaguely europeany places ? 
  cornell university in ithaca ny . 
  was there a few years ago , they were building ( or rebuilding ? ), 
  a limestone tower that looked it was built in 18th century england . 
  lots of old timber-frame houses too . 
  it 's like putin 's birthday every day now . 
  if you buy a used car and take it across the country it 's probably gon na break down or require more maintenance than it 's really worth . 
  it will probably end up being cheaper for you to just fly and rent a car/use public transit to get where you want to go locally . 
  on the other hand , there is a certain genre movie appeal to making it a roadtrip in an old car . 
  and you 'd get to see a lot of weird countryside you would n't otherwise know existed . 
  yeah america has some genuinely gorgeous architecture . 
  a lot of it unfortunately gets a bit lost within a sea of ... let 's say aesthetically irreverent buildings . 
  lots of manhattan skyscrapers built between around 1910 and 1940 are like enormously tall gothic cathedrals . 
  woolworth building is a good example . 
  olympic national park in washington has rainforests !,
