  there still are !, 
  or more specifically there are mountain panthers . 
  the lions i 'm refering to went extinct about 10,000 years ago . 
  they were quite large cousins of the african and european lion . 
  african lions , hypothetically , would be used to repopulate the american plains , along with a few other megafauna that are currently being reintroduced , like bison . 
  beyond tourism and general coolness , the main justification is that large herbivores are vital to preventing desertification of the grasslands , and large predators like lions are vital to keeping their population healthy . 
  the whole pleistocene ecosystem would ideally be reconstructed , or as close as we can get . 
  it 's a bit more practical than it might initially sound . 
  that all sounds great , but only if we can keep our eagles , and we 're going to need access to your strategic flannel stockpiles . 
  i thought not , it 's not a story the germans would tell you . 
  have you ever heard the story of the wendigo ? 
  i hear they 're cannibals . 
  but in all seriousness i was mainly just thinking of uk , us , australia and canada . 
  was n't thinking long enough about just how many anglo countries there were . 
  my bad . 
  i do n't believe it is an exaggeration to say that with the failure of leadership in washington , a significant portion of americans are starting to consider the eu to be the defacto leader of the west now . 
  particularly in the two coastal regions and the north . 
  it 's becoming increasingly apparent that the best way to deal with the federal government is to just circumvent them . 
  other parts of the u.s. of course , despise the eu . 
  i think you learned very different history than i did . 
  this is factual . 
  sounds plausible . 
  my sincerest hope is that by 2050 cars will be largely banned in cities ( except for emergency ans service vehicles of course ), 
  you 're right , ifkl , we should drain the mediterranean . 
  well from my perspective , the jedi are evil !, 
  on the other hand , even in the 16th century , european countries were terrifyingly good at war . 
  it certainly is interesting that a lot of european civilizations ( like the romans ) believed they were founded by travelers as opposed to say , the japanese who believed they were created in japan . 
  did n't the ancient greeks believe they were descended from the egyptians ? 
  well he 's vaccinated , he 'd probably be just fine with roman medicine !, 
  of course he was . 
  the red book is all accurate history , they just have n't realized it yet !, 
  you guys should bring back your apex predators !, 
  we 've got a ( relatively ) skyrocketing wolf population in the states and it 's been going great so far . 
  there 's talk of bringing lions back to the great plains . 
  i think europe is n't so densely populated that lions would be a problem . 
  edit : phone keyboards are hard, 
  to be fair that was pretty accurate . 
  i would n't say europe really pulled ahead of china economically and militarily until the renaissance . 
  the triple center of mass world we seem to be moving towards now is probably pretty healthy though . 
  america , china , and europe are very unlikely to fight each other and ideally should be able to balance each other out a bit . 
  every time i hear a story about goldman sachs moving anywhere i just think `` i hope you guys regulate the fuck out of those weasels '', 
  they just want your sweet shinny goldimeanclicks . 
  it seems like the whole anglo saxon world ( or english speaking , whatever you want to call it ) is fiercely split down the middle right now . 
  canada still has their shit together . 
  i 've heard scones , black tea and hyperbole is pretty much the classic british breakfast . 
  do n't let anyone tell you you 're a buffer state !, 
  show them all the dawn of the belgian century . 
  you 're gon na need a good catchphrase though , like `` the sun never sets on the british empire . '', 
  every great empire needs a catchphrase . 
  maybe put that lion back on the flag too . 
  a good lion can go a long way . 
  well , the way i think about it , russia ca n't invade with their full might using the green men strategy because it would be impossible to deny the military eas involved , and they 'd be without heavy artillery , armor and air cover . 
  i do n't think unsupported russian special forces could make much headway against an armored battalion in the time it would take to reinforce them . 
  cuba at least has water to protect it . 
  `` act of war '' and all that, 
  i take this to be a debate and his response was good . 
  whether you or i agree with him or disagree on any particular point is a different matter entirely . 
  personally i agree with him on some things and disagree on others but if i downvoted him just for disagreeing with something he said then i 'd be the shill . 
  mostly true , but we probably should rethink our relationship with saudi arabia . 
  problems in u.s. foreign policy certainly do n't justify any other countries poor life choices but i think we should focus more on our problems because we can actually fix them . 
  well we are n't pleased with it but it 's not like we 're going to nuke each other over it . 
  i keep telling them that but they wo n't listen !, 
  2/10 terrible puppets would not puppet again, 
  what is that number ? 
  ever since the patent office became funded by patent fees , we 've been inundated with these garbage patents that are at best a waste of time . 
  solid and thorough response . 
  `` national interest '' hah !, 
  more like personal interest . 
  it 's so expensive to lock them up , getting some free low skilled labor is n't really worth it to society as a whole . 
  it 's worth it for the prison industry though , which i 'd bet has a lot to do with why laws cast a very wide net and why sentences are so long ( i 'm looking at you , marijuana ) . 
  but really , from the perspective of society as a whole it 's just an awful deal that burdens the economy and creates crime problems later on which are also expensive . 
  that 's true , i was trying to think of it more in terms of an average person . 
  though the main problem with the majority if american school systems is philosophy rather than funding . 
  the average funding level per student is excellent . 
  but few schools have embraced a modern teaching philosophy , they 're very much stuck in an industrial mindset . 
  no amount of funding will fix that problem . 
  despite their dedicated work ethic , japanese and korean schools are even worse in this regard . 
  nordic countries ( and i imagine many others ) i would say tend to have a more modern education style more appropriate to knowledge economy environments . 
  america has these types of schools too , and you can certainly find them , but they are n't really the norm . 
  the walkway between them is cool . 
  more towers should have sky walkways . 
  i love the idea of a cluster of mixed use towers with bridged sky lobbies at multiple levels , so you 'd kind of have several `` street '' levels as you went up . 
  it 'd really cut down on elevator requirements . 
  there are some very cool things you could do with cities by just changing their structure at about 10-20x current densities . 
  just think of the walkability ... 
  filthy homosapians . 
  people speak german around me all the time . 
  i catch some of it ( i do know a little german just from living here ) but most of it i do n't . 
  it 's surprisingly just not a problem most of the time . 
  my friends are a mixture of german and english speakers so we just speak english when we 're together because the germans have higher proficiency in english than vice versa . 
  when i 'm ordering food or buying something at the store i usually just speak english , and the staff will switch to english for me , then back to german for the next customer . 
  the fact that everyone else in the store is speaking german does n't really have a lot to do with me . 
  i mean , i probably would n't be listening to their conversations even if they were speaking english . 
  i do know enough german to communicate on a basic level , but someone can learn all that in a week or two , it 's not a huge commitment . 
  i love rainy weather and i hate cars . 
  i should move to denmark !, 
  just about everyone here in germany speaks english . 
  i 've never had any problem not speaking german . 
  nah , u.s. high schools are not great on average . 
  universities are what we 're good at but the price difference compared to europe probably is n't worth it .
