  the kurds have been top notch allies so far despite the complicated situation with turkey . 
  turkey is pretty important to nato so we ca n't really get away from them despite erdogan being thoroughly nuts . 
  turkey and russia still hate each other so that helps . 
  iran is pretty cooperative , considering the situation . 
  china just postures and saber rattles but has made it pretty clearly they 're primarily interested in trade . 
  ca n't imagine a real conflict with china in the foreseeable future considering how much we have to gain economically by cooperating and the generally high level of respect china and most of the western countries appear to have for each other . 
  russia is down right hostile and seems to respond to any attempt to mend relations with even more hostility and opportunistic aggression . 
  it does n't help that destabilization appears to be a central pillar of their strategy . 
  ca n't think of a bigger threat than russia . 
  sometimes i think we should have just taken them down directly after wwii when they were weakened by the war and had n't completed a nuclear weapon yet . 
  we probably could have pulled it off if we were really aggressive and were willing to make nuclear strikes on their industrial centers . 
  but that probably would have just made things worse . 
  there would still be lots of russians , and their victimization complex would be even stronger . 
  what would you say is the primary cultural divide about ? 
  what makes amsterdam hard to get along with ? 
  i do n't think it 's likely to happen either but i do think it would be beneficial , and it certainly is n't impossible . 
  if trump tries to deny federal funding , california will definitely stop paying federal taxes though , and there really is n't anything the white house can do to stop them . 
  the prevailing sentiment towards trump in both the cia and the military is intense suspicion and moderate hostility , it 's not like he could use any kind of actual force to make them comply . 
  was just in amsterdam last year . 
  absolutely gorgeous city , smelled really good . 
  spent a lot of time on the river boats . 
  there was some kind of protest going on at the time but i never did figure out what it was about . 
  i think it was something to do with jobs . 
  that 's where you 're wrong though . 
  the country is definitely more divided than it was 20 years ago . 
  the republican and democratic parties barely resemble what they were in the 90s , the current conflict is between entirely different groups of people that were more or less cooperating 20 years ago , and the conflict is not between a minority and a majority group , it 's split almost 50/50 . 
  the 90s experienced localized , primarily racial unrest . 
  the current situation is a powder keg on a national scale that developed for those last 20 years and is finally coming to a head . 
  where are you from then ? 
  i 'd assumed you were american . 
  i 'm from the east coast/mid-west here . 
  on extended vacation in germany , last lived in upstate new york . 
  but scotland wont necessarily be part of the uk , and that 's more the kind of thing we 're talking about here . 
  if scotland and england can split up , center and coastal u.s. regions can split up . 
  it 's not unthinkable or unprecedented at all , and it would allow the immensely culturally different areas to actually govern how they want to govern . 
  how is that crazy ? 
  also want to point out that the colonies and the british empire seemed inseparable before the revolutionary war . 
  americans used to have a strong british identity and that stopped exactly nothing once relations fell apart . 
  a divided united states is still perfectly large enough to overpower russia . 
  what exactly is the benefit of remaining one big country where no one is ever happy with anything ? 
  we can still have a military alliance . 
  we can still have open borders and free trade . 
  autonomous east , west and south would only mean domestic policy could be tailored to the culture of the people that actually live there without tailoring laws and policies to people who are so different they might as well be martians . 
  you really want to live with us that bad ? 
  really ? 
  you could be free of our liberal tyranny forever . 
  just imagine the theocratic utopia you could build without all us coastal elites holding you back . 
  which coast gets to be russia ? 
  i know what you mean . 
  currently staying in western germany and it honestly does n't feel that different from new york . 
  kentucky felt like some kind of bizarre alien civilization . 
  honestly i 'd prefer this . 
  we 'd be way better off as three countries because the citizens of the west coast , east coast , and south are way too culturally different to find the same laws and policies acceptable . 
  pacifica , atlantica , and canada can be cooperative but somewhat different friends . 
  the deep south and the crazy part of the plains can go fuck themselves or whatever it is they 'd be up to if they did n't have to compromise with us all the time ( or not compromise ever , bringing the whole government to a halt every two years or so ) . 
  user name checks out . 
  this . 
  and he lost the popular vote . 
  more than half of the united states absolutely detests trump and his supporters . 
  they 're basically a separate country . 
  every time i listen to a trump fanatic , the prospect of another civil war looks more and more appealing . 
  let 's be real , man . 
  most of our internal dialogue is about how we 're barely holding it together right now . 
  whether you 're on the left or the right it 's pretty obvious the u.s. is in bad shape , we just disagree about why we 're in bad shape . 
  could you explain what happened in more detail ? 
  americans are like those zombie apocalypse survivors that want you to open the door you 've barricaded shut and then a few minutes later you hear screaming and scuffling from the other side . 
  then it gets really quiet and you 're glad you did n't open the door . 
  yeah , i understand the original reasoning behind this but in practice it just does n't work . 
  if a 3rd obama term was truly a problem then the case for that could be made in the election . 
  forcing him out when the majority of the population would have vastly , vastly preferred him to clinton and trump does n't make a lot of sense . 
  term limits hurt us far more often than they help . 
  america in a nutshell . 
  as an american i sincerely encourage you to strengthen your military as much as possible . 
  someone has to keep things together when we inevitably collapse into civil war . 
  these topics always remind me of the lead issue . 
  poor people are much more likely to live in lead polluted areas , and lead poisoning lowers iq and increases aggression . 
  and that 's just one , single factor . 
  `` literally working on vanity projects while they were losing territory '' sounds like a dictatorship to me !, 
  they sure did . 
  no need to damn perfectly good design just because you do n't like the people that made it , 
  now i 'm certainly not a fan of le pen but comparing her to hitler is going a bit too far . 
  she has n't even inconvenienced erdogan yet . 
  if i can make just one person on the internet feel pretty , i 've done my good deed for the day . 
  then i can spend the rest of the day doing evil . 
  czech girls ? 
  definitely towards the top of the list in my experience . 
  as much as you can generalize that kind of thing at least . 
  is that adjusted for purchasing power though ? 
  it 's a highly efficient process . 
  czech republic is so attractive to a lot of people from the outside too . 
  beautiful , modern country , and i feel like my money is worth about twice as much there . 
  value per dollar spent in czechia is just fantastic . 
  are we still using czechia ? 
  i 'm a little confused on the czechia thing . 
  google tells me that czech doctors make $ 2,400 per month on average , and german mcdonalds employees make $ 1,700 . 
  still pretty for doctors , but not quite that bad . 
  hey now !, 
  our corporations are n't soulless , they 're constructed from numerous freshly harvested souls thankyouverymuch . 
  i just take it all as growing pains since the ez is so new relatively . 
  there 's bound to be a lot of disruption as markets adjust to each other .
