  if you look at the capabilities of the russian military though , they are significantly higher than germany would possess with the same budget . 
  ok but who do you trust more with a military : your government or russia 's ? 
  i 'd consider something like a porsche 911 or a bmw m4 a nice car . 
  model s certainly feels different , but i always found it to be a good kind of different . 
  do n't think i 'd buy one if i lived in the country though . 
  also i live next to a train station so i do n't own a car anymore . 
  but i do enjoy nice cars . 
  if i lived somewhere roads were regularly salted i 'd probably buy something relatively cheap . 
  n. . . no !, 
  i am a fleshsack just like all of you !, 
  definitely not a robot of any kind . 
  why , even as we speak i am observing the organic nanomachines that make up my meaty and fluid filled superstructure endlessly multiple like a disgusting virus . 
  a mechanism we all share , fellow humans . 
  true , but i was n't sure if many non-americans would know where atlanta was . 
  while most people would be familiar with georgia . 
  pretty much my country 's entire government . 
  many other nato members as well i 'd imagine . 
  `` free world '' is a perfectly acceptable term for our little democracies only club . 
  was thinking more along the lines of that time sherman burned the capital of georgia to the ground . 
  but ok . 
  well ideally it should indeed be resolved by means of dialogue . 
  if it can not be , force will be resorted to . 
  some countries need a good civil war every once in a while = stares unblinkingly at trump supporters =, 
  yes it does . 
  reading increases iq . 
  having parents who read to you when you 're young especially increases iq . 
  do n't listen to this guy , he clearly works for the bridge lobby . 
  tunnel !, 
  tunnel !, 
  tunnel !, 
  have you have ever driven a model s though ? 
  they 're really nice cars . 
  if you 're an experienced , well educated worker in a booming field ( like eingeering ) you 'll do great in the states . 
  if you 're not , things will probably be worse for you than in germany . 
  to be fair , tesla is also pretty upfront about this when hiring . 
  we 're really at the forefront of economic theory here . 
  this is so exciting !, 
  our industries are a lot stronger than theirs , and the difference was larger when they first opened their markets . 
  plenty of industrializing countries have had their economies gutted by this sort of thing . 
  i think it 's arguable even in east germany that exposure to western markets was too rapid , damaging eastern domestic industries before they had time to adapt to the new environment . 
  but it certainly is a problem . 
  fundamentally i do n't disagree with you . 
  but i can see why china would want some time to get in a better position before fully opening their markets up . 
  ultimately an economically strong china is good for both europe and america i think , a lot of money circulating in the chinese markets means huge demand for the things we both possess a strong competitive advantage in ( not to mention reputation ) . 
  also i 'm personally quite looking forward to a long future of brain draining china . 
  the american north-west is pretty appealing and so far chinese engineering students have made excellent americans . 
  lack of civil liberties in china make it almost too easy to lure the highly educated chinese upper middle class into staying . 
  we 're still a very underpopulated country and currently our largest source of immigrants is china . 
  if the west coast could add 100m of china 's best and brightest over the next century that would be highly economically advantageous . 
  in 4-8 years the rapture will happen so it does n't matter !, 
  feel the same way about the chinese-american relationship . 
  would love to continue building ties but the way the lack of protection for foreign companies is very concerning and i think we 'd be wise to keep them at a bit of a distance until something is done about that . 
  at the same time just completely opening their markets right away could result in our companies destroying their younger industries . 
  so it 's complicated . 
  i guess what i 'd like to see is a slow , careful shift in the direction of equitable trade deals , and an official acknowledgement from chinese officials that that is the goal . 
  what about lord cochrane ? 
  that guy was a complete badass and a genuinely excellent human being . 
  my little pony has always displayed a certain political shrewdness . 
  we should not be afraid of terrorism . 
  we should not overreact to terrorism . 
  it is n't really that dangerous from a statistical perspective and we lend terror attacks considerably more impact than they rightfully should have when we cower in fear of them . 
  we should , however , calmly and patiently dismantle terrorist networks , jail their supporters , turn their agents and kill their fighters . 
  we should be methodical , systematic , and ruthless about it until islamic extremism no longer exists in the world . 
  i do n't see how these are mutually exclusive things . 
  well there 's got to be some way a tunnel can solve this problem . 
  i refuse to believe a giant tunnel could ever be the wrong choice . 
  just look at switzerland !, 
  they 're rich , and look at all the tunnels they 've built . 
  there 's clearly a correlation between building tunnels and success . 
  black sea tunnel !, 
  black sea tunnel !, 
  black sea tunnel !, 
  what about the philippines or india ? 
  i have the feeling i 'd get along well with croatian people ... 
  ahh , that makes sense . 
  sounds pretty reasonable to me . 
  my own government does not allow any legal path for states to leave the union which i 've always found unreasonable . 
  there are n't even secession movements anywhere near as serious as in spain . 
  there are an awful lot of us that are very concerned by our government 's past alliances of convenience with countries ideologically incompatible with us . 
  saudi arabia is another example of an alliance we would be better off without . 
  when turkey was moving in the direction of the eu i would n't have included them in that group . 
  erdogan warrants some skepticism but does n't mean much on his own , but with the passing of the referendum i think it is time to start seriously reevaluating our relationships in the region , especially in a situation where we must choose between two allies . 
  turkish hostility towards europe has made this an extremely easy decision . 
  if the kurds are more aligned with our ideals and our culture , what does it matter if the turks are offering an airbase ? 
  an ideologically opposed culture will never make reliable allies . 
  we can just build another airbase next door . 
  the ypg are our primary allies in syria and while they 're risking their lives retaking raqqa from isis , you 're bombing them , letting erdogan destroy turkish democracy , and doing almost nothing to combat isis . 
  the pkk insurgency exists because turkey treats kurds like shit , you even banned their language . 
  why would n't they ? 
  a unified kurdish republic composed of syrian and turkish ( and possibly iraqi ) kurdish regions would be a significantly better ally than turkey currently is . 
  if you do n't think this is true then why do n't you take that army you 're so proud of and actually do something useful in syria for a change , stop bombing our friends in syria , and stop calling our european friends nazis every five goddamn seconds . 
  otherwise american shift of support towards kurdish people in general is unlikely to stop . 
  indeed . 
  it 'd be the fastest way to end his presidency i can think of . 
  i mostly agree with you , though i think there are situations in which governments have to be careful the right to self determination is n't exploited . 
  imagine a scenario in which france sponsors large scale immigration to a less populous border region of spain , waits for them to gain spanish citizenship , and then has them hold referendums for independence with the understanding that another referendum to join france will take place afterwards . 
  seems ridiculous but is this not essentially what russia did in ukraine ? 
  also more or less what americans did to gain texas . 
  this is a good point . 
  but i think it 's a point that madrid can only make if clear criteria for accepting independence is spelled put .
