  so basically the middle class german houses ( that i usually see at least ) are built more like the upper class american houses . 
  hell , even some of the multimillion dollar american houses are built of that shitty 2x4 frame nonsense rather than something like those sexy , sexy german prefab concrete slabs . 
  what country would you say builds the highest quality normal-people houses ? 
  good point , though it is a little weird considering the average of the individual countries would be lower . 
  it ca n't be a combined score with only germany and switzerland above and big countries like spain at 60 . 
  does the eu have its own separate labeling ? 
  that reminds me , would n't architecture be a famous uk export ? 
  seems like every other high tech skyscraper built around the world was designed by a british company . 
  also holy crap german houses are well built . 
  american houses feel like they 're made of cardboard by comparison . 
  it makes me jealous . 
  oh , so they 're basically spanish time warner . 
  they certainly would have dominated this list in the 80s . 
  probably has a lot to do with the economic slump . 
  not that japanese products are n't still solid . 
  pre-2010ish american cars are pretty garbage . 
  2017 cars are pretty damn good !, 
  especially tesla , but especially bart . 
  sounds about right . 
  i mean if you average all the eu countries together you 'd probably place around 8th too !, 
  is n't your olive oil supposed to be way better than italy 's for example ? 
  something about the mafia controlling the oil trade and frequently mixing in low quality oils while the spanish oil is extremely similar but actually has consistent quality control . 
  oh man , that reminds me . 
  british watchmaking is incredible . 
  i do n't wan na talk about that lalalalalalala, 
  if i recall , of our 238 years of existence we have been at war in some capacity , somewhere for 223 of them . 
  why what in abraham 's apple pie !, 
  how un-nelsonlike of them . 
  as an american i too find our lord and savior jesus christ to be relevant to this discussion , and all discussion . 
  til norwegians do n't use toilets . 
  i 'm sure there 's no shortage of people here convinced they know what you think better than you do lol, 
  what i find really bizarre is that the cia already had prototypes for mass surveillance systems that had some pretty damn good countermeasures against abuse built into the hardware . 
  the bush administration made them rebuild the hardware without these systems and i 've seen no compelling evidence that this has improved their ability to auto-flag terrorism related communication . 
  it 's like they just decided to make the system illegal and unpopular for no reason . 
  and it annoys me when the cia as an organization gets bad press for stuff like this when they fought it the whole way . 
  the cia is filled with people that vehemently disagree with the kind of mass surveillance they 've been ordered to carry out ( even after droves of them quit over it a decade ago ) . 
  or perhaps more accurately people were able to tolerate it under obama 's watch due to his otherwise high approval , but it came back to bite hillary because she was heavily associated ( and legitimately involved ) with a lot of that stuff but without any of the good will and trust that kept it from being a problem for obama . 
  so while things like illegal surveillance did n't hurt him personally , they probably did hurt the democrats as a whole , especially democrats under the execute branch . 
  seems pretty short sighted . 
  personally , i find calling american engineering , especially military engineering ` garbage ' is pretty silly . 
  some things are debatable , some things are obvious enough that they are n't really debatable . 
  like saying japanese trains are bad , or that german cars are bad . 
  just comes across as silly . 
  the eurofighter is an ok jet . 
  the f-22 is the most dominant air superiority fighter anyone has made so far . 
  a more unified and better funded european defense industry could certainly produce equipment to rival or even surpass american warplane design , but you are n't there yet . 
  i 'd love some real competition from europe as a whole , because the real dangers are in the east and we 're going to need a lot of collective strength to face them in the future just as we have for the last 100 years . 
  white supremacists love the alt-right but the alt-right are not white supremacists . 
  they 're just authoritarian nationalists who believe countries need a high level of cultural homogeneity to be strong and peaceful . 
  a typical alt-righter would n't have any problem with a black person , but has utter contempt for inner city black culture which they associate with criminality , drug use , and poverty . 
  i do n't personally agree with them on most issues but i do n't think it 's fair to call them all white supremacists . 
  dunno why people are downvoting you , this is pretty sensible . 
  israel keeping occupied territory is only fair considering they were attacked with the intention to destroy israel . 
  if egypt and co. want to attack them again and lose even more territory they can go right ahead . 
  we 'll keep shipping our friends weapons as long as they 're needed , 
  no one 's going to ban you for saying that here . 
  if i went to / r/the _ donald and criticized trump or anything about the alt-right movement i 'd be banned within minutes . 
  you sensitive snowflakes sure do n't have much sense of irony . 
  nah americans are kentucky fried europeans . 
  vanilla must be something else . 
  right , which is why the eurofighter turned out so much better than the f-22 . 
  i think it 's more about habits and lifestyle , there 's more deepfried stuff here than you might expect . 
  do n't worry , you were already on a list . 
  it 's that long peninsula down in the mediterranean , right ? 
  true story : after moving to germany i ended up getting pretty ripped because it 's really hilly where i live and i end up walking about 6km a day because it 's so pleasant and convenient here and there are trains so there 's almost never any reason to drive . 
  i just booked a hostel for # 15 a night . 
  i 'll be out in the city all day anyway so it does n't really matter where i sleep . 
  the place turned out to be surprisingly classy . 
  australia . 
  why not just deport at the first instance of any serious crime and give them a 10 year ban from schengen ? 
  decided to up her tinder range to 3,000 km i see . 
  it 's like having daddy issues , but for everyone !, 
  hmph !, 
  come on , jiromaru . 
  these commoners will never understand the beautiful blossom of platonic love between a man and a horse . 
  we do n't need their kind !, 
  - clops away very slowly -, 
  woah , waoh . 
  you want a bicycle and a horse ? 
  just ride your horse to work like everyone else you greedy fuck !, 
  the more the pound falls , the more i 'm going to vacation in london . 
  1.25 vs the dollar is already pretty good . 
  eastern europe still best bang for buck though . 
  `` and they are n't french '' - discreetly pushes louisiana behind a desk with his foot -, 
  well it should be . 
  and some day ... it will be !, 
  amsterdam is pretty popular with city planners . 
  a lot of people consider it in the running for best designed city in the world . 
  highly subjective source : a lot of my friends are urban planners/in school for urban planning and architecture . 
  til american kids smoke more weed than dutch people despite it being illegal . 
  oh , so that 's what all the canals are for . 
  i was wondering about that . 
  my friend was always really skinny and moved to belgium for work . 
  he told everyone `` belgians eat waffles and fries and mayo and they 're thin so i 'm just gon na eat those all the time !, 
  it 'll be fine , it 's not junkfood ! '', 
  he 's fat now . 
  build a nuclear reactor , 
  that spelling is way better than bayonet . 
  even in the 1800s there seemed to be a lot of respect between the dutch and english , as opposed to the outright animosity with france . 
  brilliantly evil , sir .
