  surprisingly maglevs might actually be the cheaper option . 
  tracks need less upkeep , faster speed means fewer trains required . 
  we have an opportunity to build something entirely new rather than just patching up old stuff . 
  we should use that opportunity to make a big jump . 
  the eu does n't need to invade ireland to make them do something . 
  ohhhh , i thought we were talking about politics . 
  yes , i too enjoy costa . 
  ahh , i see what you 're saying now . 
  yeah , i 've never lived in a city where traffic and parking where n't a nightmare . 
  why not both ? 
  my point is less that city parking is great and more that cities can make cars unnecessary , which is great . 
  i mean why would i pay for a car , insurance , fuel , repairs , a garage , and parking just so i can sit in traffic every day ? 
  i can just stroll on to a train and then stroll off of that train and i 'm practically in front of my office . 
  takes half the time , i can read or fuck around on reddit instead of having to watch the road , and tickets only cost about $ 150 per month , plus i get to walk through a nice park every day instead of being bored on a gym treadmill . 
  trains are possibly my favorite advantage of city life . 
  a necessary first step is just even acknowledging that integration is a goal , and to an extent a requirement . 
  we 're still at the stage where we 're arguing about that . 
  this post really gets to the core of the problem . 
  personally , i 'm really sick of people calling me a racist or a xenophobe every time i try to have an open , honest discussion about immigration issues . 
  i 'm not against immigration . 
  i 'm pro-immigration , that 's why i want to talk about these problems and fix them . 
  if we do n't control or restrict immigration at all , and just ignore every problem , all that will accomplish is small problems ballooning into huge problems , and a subsequent extreme backlash against all immigration that 's as dysfunctional as blind acceptance of it . 
  yoyoing between two disfunctional extremes is not fun . 
  yeah , suburbs are pretty soul crushing in my experience . 
  having less living space in a city is so worth it . 
  also bikes + trains  cars . 
  though not every city had good infrastructure for that yet . 
  yet . 
  well we 're getting a certain degree of climate warming anyway . 
  russia will still get an ice free arctic and more farmland without the world warming to the most disruptive levels . 
  rapid , radical biome change does n't help anyone because existing ecosystems ca n't adapt that fast . 
  same gor canada , they 'd want their subarctic regions slightly warmer , not thrown into chaos . 
  and the outside world is nuts for not investing in them . 
  just curious , how 'd you solve it ? 
  just moved ? 
  walmart is a store for savages though . 
  took me so long to understand that europeans consider 50km a long distance . 
  and i 'm over here like `` what ? 
  5km away ? 
  do n't pick me up , that 's so close i might as well just walk ! '', 
  50km was what i used to drive every day to work and back . 
  my autocorrect keeps trying to automatically learn new words from my typing habits . 
  but half of them are typos . 
  why would it do this ? 
  why ? 
  edeka and kaufland are pretty much the only places i shop at these days . 
  my only complaint is that it 's pretty hard to find bakery goods that are actually fresh . 
  germany needs more french style bakeries . 
  everything makes so much sense now . 
  well i hate to sound like a filthy libertarian goblin here , but we all need to remember that force is the worst way to solve disagreements . 
  if you think ireland is wrong , appeal to reason to convince irish people of that and be patient . 
  because when everyone does that , everyone loses . 
  fox is n't willfully ignorant , they 're willfully opportunistic and manipulative . 
  i do n't believe for a moment they do n't know what the truth is . 
  ultimately it will be good for us i think . 
  the world as a whole needs to demonstrate that there is n't any money to be made in climate change denial . 
  eu , india , and china probably have enough collective economic muscle to put some rather painful sanctions on the us , should the solidarity to do so exist . 
  the grow fast , fail fast culture really is part of thr equation though . 
  the west coast tech industry is willing to throw a lot of money at 100 companies doing something very risky so that 99 can fail and one can brilliantly succeed . 
  i do think this is fundamental to why certain types of companies emerge there . 
  china has managed to compete surprisingly well because they seem to have a similar towards risk and willingness to throw large amounts of capital behind . 
  by contrast most of europe seems more prone to heavy investment in infrastructure . 
  so it does n't surprise me europe ends up with a much better transportation network and more functional cities , and america ends up with facebook , google , and amazon . 
  i think this is a really good point . 
  a large scale embrace of online privacy in europe could steal a lot of market share from u.s. companies , or at the very least force them to adopt similar policies . 
  both of those outcomes sound good , but i think european companies and governments would have to be really uncompromising to build the level of trust and reputation necessary to capitalise on that advantage . 
  certainly looks worth trying though because europe already has a reputation for better consumer protection in the u.s. 
  he 's right . 
  the federal government did their job , the local government officials were the ones who messed up . 
  they actually blocked federal assistance for a while during the crisis . 
  i would not consider louisiana a competent , well run state . 
  the kind of american that does n't believe in climate change also tends to be the kind of american that absolutely despises new yorkers , so i do n't think that would bother them much . 
  russia definitely is n't a superpower . 
  they 're a mid sized , middle income country with the military-industrial complex of a superpower . 
  india sure is looking good right now though . 
  i 'm really curious to see what they can build by , say , 2050 . 
  yes , there needs to be evidence , and this is an ongoing investigation that is currently gathering ( or failing to gather ) evidence . 
  considering some of the people in charge of the investigation , people trump appointed , may actually be targets of said investigation , just not exactly lend itself to a fast and simple process . 
  comey being dismissed , assumedly to slow things down further , does n't help either . 
  he 's the president , he does n't need security clearance . 
  he got that when he was elected . 
  if the president needed to be cleared by the intelligence agencies to take office it would threaten civilian control of those intelligence agencies . 
  this situation is very unusual though . 
  the system is n't really optimized to deal with this kind of situation . 
  hence why we 've seen strange things like the military , fbi , and foreign intelligence agencies taking steps to check the president 's power even though he 's technically their boss . 
  we do n't know any of these things , that 's why there 's an investigation . 
  it 's just very suspicious right now , especially with everything taken together , which warrants said investigation . 
  it 'll conclude what it concludes , but it needs to happen slowly and carefully considering the seriousness of the matter . 
  if russia attacked a nato ally ( that is n't turkey , because everyone is mad at turkey right now ) , and trump refused to counterattack , oh boy . 
  i can only imagine the shitshow that would follow , given the current political climate . 
  philosophically i 'd say capitalism is all about a sense of individual ownership and responsibility . 
  if i work in the state owned cafe that makes you sandwiches and coffee every morning i have very little incentive to do more than the bare minimum , and even if that was n't the case i 'd have very little control in a centrally managed system of thousands of cafes under the command of the people 's cafe bureau . 
  if i work in a car factory for 20 years having a mediocre meal at the mediocre cafe , i can use the money i saved up to quit my job and start my own cafe , and i can make it an amazing cafe that everyone loves , and steal lots of business from the shitty cafes in the area . 
  why ? 
  because i own it and i 'm personally responsible for it . 
  i 'm passionate about making it as good as it can be because i , personally , love cafes , and this one is mine . 
  i can do whatever i want with it , if all the other cafes in the city think my ideas are crazy then i can prove them all wrong . 
  if i did n't actually own the place , how would i have the control and personal investment for this to happen ? 
  even if i need to hire other people to help me run it , my relationship with those people is going to be more personal and more invested because i 'm the owner . 
  this , to me , is the essence of capitalism .
