  i like how you think . 
  is n't that most of russian history though ? 
  praising bankers is all good and fine until they crash your economy with another psychopathic get rich quick scheme . 
  you can have the american ones too . 
  we do n't want them . 
  but nothing bad will happen as long as we keep growing by several percentage points a year forever  forever . 
  `` 32 % '' excuse me while i just fill out these immigration papers real quick do n't mind me nothing to see here, 
  i 've seen so many posts about slovakia since i started hanging out on this sub and i must say my desire to visit is steadily growing . 
  true . 
  but i can still dream :(, 
  systematically destroying any meaningful opposition in your country does wonders for your `` no one else could do better '' rating !, 
  i hope the kurds just kind of take the whole country over , personally . 
  i like those guys . 
  switzerland is such a neat country . 
  this is it , really . 
  dictatorships work very hard to create these problems so that people will believe the country is so messed that only they can keep it under control . 
  well we did win all those `` which country 's people have the best sense of humor ? '', 
  polls !, 
  well at least ideally churches should be politically neutral . 
  there were times throughout history when a church would be the most neutral place you could find . 
  trump is not a king . 
  it simply is n't up to him , but a lack of faith in nato brings us all closer to the prospect of nuclear war with russia . 
  i would prefer to avoid that scenario . 
  where have american officials ever stated they did not intend to fulfill treaty obligations ? 
  that is honestly just ridiculous . 
  the only thing anyone has stated is that european countries need to reach 2 % military spending at some point in the future , which as far as i know is currently in the process of happening . 
  mattis and pence made it clear that america responding to russian invasion was not in question . 
  that 's the idea , even . 
  by positioning our troops there we 're practically assuring they 'll take casualties in an invasion . 
  dead american troops makes it politically impossible not to declare war on russia . 
  it 's a signal to russia that there is no ambiguity to how the united states will respond . 
  if trump refuses to allow the u.s. military to defend estonia he will certainly be removed from office . 
  the president does not have the authority to ignore treaty obligations . 
  that would violate our laws , and nato has strong bipartisan support in congress . 
  til i 'm not weird , just secretly finnish . 
  let 's bother to prevent crime proportionally . 
  except they did n't fail to provide security . 
  that statement requires acknowledgement that eu citizens are under a statistically meaningful threat and so far i see zero evidence that they are . 
  if people feel their culture is under threat through immigration then that 's a very different argument and they may be right . 
  but evidence that they are under significantly increased physical threat simply does not exist unless i 'm missing a whole lot of data here , which i doubt . 
  you just ca n't get past the numbers here . 
  a few hundred deaths is not a significant threat in a population of 500 million , put in the context of every other source of mortality . 
  a rational response would be one that commits resources to different threats in proportion to the overall danger of the threat . 
  you know , statistically rather than emotionally . 
  so is our goal to feel better or to save more lives . 
  if we spend a trillion dollars on preventing terrorism we maybe , maybe save 200 lives . 
  we spend that same trillion dollars on encouraging better diets and exercise , reducing the smoking rate , and improving road safety and i 'm willing to bet we 'd save significantly more than 200 lives . 
  likely in the hundreds of thousands . 
  and the argument against that is ... that terrorism is scary ? 
  what are we , children ? 
  well heart attacks in particular are quite avoidable . 
  we are n't spending trillions of dollars/euros in a campaign to reduce heart disease deaths even though doing so would unquestionably save more lives . 
  terrorism is indeed intended to incite an emotional reaction . 
  that it succeeds in doing so is our collective failure as a society . 
  very , very few people have . 
  but i fail to see how that 's relevant . 
  `` i 've personally lost someone to terrorism therefor i believe terrorism is a big problem for everyone ! '', 
  is a viewpoint devoid of reason . 
  your personal experiences and emotional baggage should never factor in to your analysis of policy . 
  never . 
  a mature , rational adult must rise above such things . 
  something i just do n't understand is how people separate violent deaths from non-violent deaths . 
  they both kill you , what 's the difference . 
  heart disease is the greatest threat to human life in most cases . 
  we should all be obsessing over which areas have the lowest disease rates and the highest average life expectancy . 
  basing your decisions on things like terrorism looks like complete nonsense to me . 
  heart disease kills 4m europeans a year . 
  four . 
  million . 
  terrorism does n't even break a thousand . 
  wan na guess how many people were actually killed in terrorist attacks in the last few years compared to things like heart attacks , car accidents , and murderous cow rampages ? 
  spoiler : is n't a lot, 
  i 'll come out as a feudal king ? 
  awesome , that sounds like a great deal . 
  sign me up for the plague !, 
  no it 's not a corpse . 
  it 's still alive . 
  til the plague is good for people !, 
  china having a good relationship with the eu is n't against u.s. interests . 
  trump is just one man in a very large government . 
  europe will do what it 's going to do but trump ca n't do much to fundamentally change the relationship between the u.s. and eu from the american side of things . 
  its enshrined in treaties , implicit in the tens of thousands of american troops tasked with defending europe from russia , and reinforced by close economic ties that the president has little effective control over . 
  like that ridiculous budget actually has a chance in hell of passing congress . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  you could argue we 're some kind weird new trade empire but an empire in the traditional sense we definitely are not . 
  the united states is not interested in expanding its borders and has returned control of occupied territory to its own citizens as quickly as feasibly possible every time we 've been given an opportunity to do otherwise . 
  i 'm not saying the united states is perfect or even consistently good but we are definitely not an empire . 
  oh , that 's not what he does with putin 's dick ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  permanently ? 
  that 's a bit harsh . 
  yeah , americans generally hate ceos of big companies . 
  unless they 're in the tech industry , then they 're mostly cool unless they do something really offensive ( you 're walking a fine line , zuckerberg ) . 
  indeed , because in anything short of total war , what you get out of those rules and standards is more valuable than winning . 
  looking back at history it would appear truly evil people tend to lose in the end . 
  and i mean , they did stay and fight . 
  for years . 
  they 're still fighting . 
  i 'm curious , as someone from the outside , do you see our invasion of iraq and russia 's invasion of crimea as similar ? 
  this is an extremely good post . 
  russia indeed does not make sense to me .
