  they 'd have access to weapons while they are training with them , under strict supervision , just like in any army . 
  you could do it as a draft with very strict discipline . 
  probably better to do it with volunteers and pay them a salary . 
  it 'd be a very attractive option to volunteer , i think you 'd get plenty of people . 
  better moral that way . 
  if some people are hostile secret isis agents , it 's hard to imagine a situation they 'd have less ability to cause harm to society in . 
  would be more expensive per year than current programs , but would be much less expensive in the long run since the whole thing would be over in a few years rather than going on for as long as it takes people to integrate into society enough to get jobs , which can be a very long time . 
  here 's another possibly crazy idea : most of these refugees are young men . 
  treat them as a country within a country , a syria in exile , oversee elections , help them write a new constitution . 
  train them in european armies , send that army back to retake areas held by assad and isis , relinquish european control of this army to the elected refugee government , provide financial assistance while they sort out their situation in syria and stabilize their government in the new territory . 
  if even half of these young syrian men joined this army , they would number in the hundreds of thousands , they could overwhelm assad . 
  not saying it is n't a bit of a crazy idea , but i think it could be a better long term solution . 
  and it would do double duty by using the refugee problem to solve the syria being a lawless war zone problem . 
  and maybe they 'd create a wonderful democracy , maybe they 'd create a repressive dictatorship , you could n't really tell . 
  but europe would have an opportunity to be a good influence and help them evolve in a good direction without taking away syrian right to self determination and self responsibility . 
  either way , a government formed in this way would be unlikely to pose any threat to europe . 
  seems to me eu countries need to create a standard for what , at a minimum , needs to be done to support refugees and integrate them into society . 
  then individual countries need to assess how many refugees they can realistically meet this standard for , then reduce that number by 10-20 % to create wiggle room for when things inevitably become harder than predicted . 
  then the refugee situation needs to be approach like a deal rather than a european responsibility : eu countries are willing and able to take in x number of refugees total at y per year , and through specified mechanisms ( like ones that do n't involve drowning in the mediterranean on a barely seaworthy smuggler boat ) . 
  this mechanism of accepting refugees being very clearly defined , the eu should then make it clear that they will not accept any refugees with by any other method . 
  if anyone believes the number of refugees accepted is too low , they can petition by the normal means to get the number increased , because that is the proper means by which change that . 
  any refugees outside of this system trying to cross into europe absolutely should be turned away by force , and europeans should not feel bad about it , because why would they ? 
  they 've created a reasonable system and if they do n't think it 's reasonable they can change it through the proper methods , because that is the only way the people 's consent could be respected and responsibility for decisions could fall where it belongs . 
  even if czechia and co. do cave and accept refugees , i do n't see how that could possibly turn out well . 
  czechs on both a personal and a governmental level have every incentive to make sure it 's a disaster because it would prove they were right ( or at least make it very easy to argue that they were right ) , which would likely protect them from future interference . 
  if the eu government wants the refugee situation to actually work , they should be going out of their way to make sure accepting refugees is completely voluntary and the local citizens are actually enthusiastic about it . 
  right now it just looks like they 're setting things up for a massive backlash against african/middle eastern refugees and immigrants for very little gain . 
  rayguns are his fetish . 
  and to me , irrational fear is artificial nuance . 
  it is far more effective and efficient to change one 's attitude towards something like that than it is to address every silly little fear people have . 
  the current threat from terrorism has little material substance , it is almost entirely ( but not quite entirely ) a figment of popular imagination . 
  resources ( and popular attention ) would save more lives applied to other problems . 
  you ca n't choose to not die of disease , but you can choose to keep calm and carry on when a religious fanatic goes on a stabbing spree every once in a while in a country of 60 million people rather than succumbing to hysteria and equally hysterical overreactions . 
  and just like that , the majority of the damage these attacks are causing will disappear because that damage truly is psychological . 
  but the more we encourage hysterical reactions and feed into each other , the more we maximize the damage these attacks do to society . 
  vast networks of small confectionery cells exist across dozens of countries . 
  the naval focused approach is a very smart one , i think . 
  any combined military will need to move its assets frequently to concentrate force in ever shifting hotspots of trouble , project power far afield to protect collective eu interests , and withstand concentrated attack that may cripple military capacity in a particular region ( assets are always safest out at sea because the enemy ca n't find them t target them ! ) . 
  a naval has natural advantages in all these things . 
  i 'd actually love to see the u.s. fold the air force and army into into the navy to create a single integrated service that 's 100 % expeditionary , and just let the individual states worry about resisting invasion . 
  having 3 separate branches is just ... really inefficient considering how wars are fought today and the ever increasing value of power projection . 
  especially rapidly deployable power projection . 
  certainly a political minefield to try to implement this anywhere though . 
  that 's how the common counterarguments look to me . 
  probably an indication we have profoundly different ways of looking at the world and evaluating problems . 
  simple solution : each country spends a minimum of 1 % on its national military , up to whatever amount they choose , in whatever manner they choose . 
  each country contributes 1 % of their gdp to fund a centralized european army under the command of the eu government , organized into its own independent institutions and chains of command . 
  currently this would be a budget of 184 billion euro . 
  at the discretion of individual countries , national military assets can be integrated into their command structure in a similar way to how nato operates , eu military acquisitions create economies of scale for national militaries without violating sovereignty . 
  best of both worlds !, 
  and it would hit the nato 2 % of gdp target . 
  also a slight correction to the article : 1.3 % of gdp is n't half of u.s. defense expenditures . 
  we spend 3.3 % of gdp on defense ( which i find excessive , we 'd be better off with something like 2.5 % defense spending and more economic investment ) . 
  i think i heard we 're going after switzerland next . 
  something about the `` axis of chocolate '', 
  we have so much work to do if we 're ever going to catch up !, 
  sure , and i have no issue with taking reasonable actions to reduce the terrorism threat . 
  but the actual chance of any of us actually dying in a terror attack are extremely low so it does n't seem worth worrying about . 
  i want the government and the airlines to keep working to make air travel safer but i 'm not actually afraid of dying in a plane crash because the probability is so low that the idea seems irrational . 
  i do n't want the government to take drastic steps to reduce the chance of a plane crash because it would n't be worth the cost . 
  likewise , restricting speech , violating privacy , degrading democratic institutions , wasting money that could be better spent elsewhere , and a host of other things are a heavy price to pay for a very small increase in safety . 
  so i 'd much rather we all did n't do these things . 
  i do n't think fear is a valid reason to do anything . 
  is the issue really that different between the two countries though ? 
  i guess i just see it as a broad western issue rather than a national thing . 
  i had n't really thought about . 
  well falling out of bed apparently kills 80 times more americans every year than islamic extremists do . 
  so naturally the whole country must make profound sacrifices to bring those terrorism deaths down from the apocalyptic horror of 9 to something our fragile nation could survive , like 7 or 8 . 
  do n't be silly , every country is worth invading !, 
  i 've been thinking sometimes it might be fun to be the villains every once in a while though . 
  anyway , i 've got ta go throw some more tires into the giant lake of oil i keep in my back yard and then light it on fire . 
  talk to you guys later . 
  the tsar bomba does n't exist anymore . 
  modern nuclear weapons favors swarms of 500ish kiloton mirvs because they 're considered more efficient and harder to intercept . 
  about 1/100 the size of the bomba , which was so large , the aircraft that dropped it could barely carry it . 
  not to suggest much of the uk would survive a nuclear war , but nuclear weapons are n't quite that powerful . 
  it would take 20-30 warheads to destroy london alone . 
  a typical icbm carries 8-10 warheads . 
  so just destroying all the major cities and military installations in the uk would require a pretty significant number of warheads . 
  actually killing everyone in britain would require the majority of the u.s. or russian arsenals , so in realistic scenarios , the majority of brits would survive because warheads would n't be wasted on towns . 
  radiation would only increase cancer rates a bit too , not nearly as bad as something like the spanish flu . 
  though you 'd all starve to death when nuclear winter set in , of course . 
  which is which though ? 
  well , according to the quran : `` there shall be no compulsion in religion . 
  say to the disbelievers to you , your beliefs , to me , mine '' i do n't imagine you 've got any problem with muslim people not drinking , plenty of muslim people have no problem with non-muslims drinking around them ( and let 's be honest , alcoholism is n't a great thing either ) . 
  europe is a secular place , i say have more tolerance of people who like that , and less tolerance of people who do n't . 
  the muslim people who are chill and like europe and may do a few things a little differently but do n't care if you do n't would probably love to see the fundamentalist pricks kicked out too , just do n't throw the baby out with the bathwater . 
  personally i find it way easier to get along with muslims who are just normal people than fundamentalist christians who often greatly remind me of isis mentality . 
  well he did say before 2024 . 
  2020 is before . 
  we 'd probably have ended up like canada imo . 
  i assumed the discussion was more about developing a european 6th generation fighter at some point in the future . 
  developing 5th gen alternative to the f-35 seems like a big waste of money considering it 'd be nearly obsolete by the time it went into production . 
  f-35s are a pretty good deal right now . 
  if the response to russia invading estonia is n't already planned and approved , something is very wrong and should probably be fixed . 
  response to something like that should be instant . 
  well it was n't too long before 9/11 we were all concentrated on the cold war . 
  well if france-germany-italy develop a fighter , i do n't see anything stopping the dutch from buying it later . 
  it 's not like dutch funding is necesssary for development . 
  we should use our old railways exclusively for freight , and build entirely new ones for passengers since the old tracks are unsuitable for high speed trains .
