  i estimate a ( 2017 dollar ) gdp per capita of at least $ 400k-500k by 2217 . 
  why not ? 
  are n't you about the same size as israel though ? 
  and richer ? 
  israel is a formidable country . 
  it 's nice to know that however much the world changes , irish and english people still hate each other . 
  there 's just something reassuringly familiar about the whole thing . 
  like that distinctive smell if grandma 's baking . 
  and then someone explained to him what nato actually was . 
  land based fighters were n't better in ww2 . 
  german 109s and 190s had similar performance to american naval corsairs , but in 1944 , american aircraft production was 240 % nazi production . 
  and that 's one of the better years for the germans . 
  ship production numbers are much , much worse for the germans . 
  as is their military recruiting pool . 
  carrier fighters certainly can achieve air control against land based fighters when they enjoy more than 2:1 numerical superiority . 
  think about the fact that the pacific fleet had every intention of invading japan , the mountainous island homeland of a country they expected to fight to the death in an equally bad logistical situation . 
  compared with the british isles , a relatively flat country filled with friendly guerillas that is n't even german home territory and is significantly harder for germany to supply . 
  also the japanese mainland could n't defend itself against aircraft carriers once they lost sea control . 
  why do you think germany could control the channel against both fleets at once ? 
  and how do they supply their armies in the uk when the allied fleet can wrest control of the channel from them ? 
  morocco , iberia , scandinavia , retaking britain and then invading normandy , landing in russia and then invading through almost anywhere on the plains . 
  that 's a whole lot of coasts to defend for a country that does n't have a whole lot of manpower . 
  one foothold becomes a staging point for the next amphibious landing . 
  you really think germany can defend the entire coast of the british isles , * and * suppress its population , * and * deal with everything else on their plate all at the same time ? 
  against the normandy invasion force and the pacific fleet combined , that could strike at any other european coast with little notice ? 
  defense has its own disadvantes which are compounded the more territory you hold . 
  it all just looks like an impossible situation to me . 
  a pyric victory for germany . 
  could they even hold western russia for more than a few months after taking moscow ? 
  i think you 're overestimating the ability of the nazi military industrial complex to sustain total war in the middle of a temporarily suppressed but deeply hostile continent . 
  in the ussr alone , capturing moscow and destroying the soviet industrial bases gets the ussr off their back but creates an entirely new problem of having to control a vast territory full of insurgents . 
  and they have to do that in frances too , and britain , and norway , and the netherlands , and numerous other countries . 
  all with severely depleted manpower , all while an untouched superpower across the atlantic builds up its invasion force at a pace they ca n't keep up with and probes their now extensive coastline for weaknesses . 
  normandy was invaded because britain was intact . 
  how many other points on eurasia can they be invaded from ? 
  can they defend all of them ? 
  can they prevent every island staging area from being captured ? 
  all without control of the seas or any hope of attaining control of the seas in the foreseeable future ? 
  these are the things i greatly doubt . 
  even winning the immediate war in europe , germany does n't gain a winning position if it takes more to hold their captured territory than they get out of it . 
  because the japanese army was detached from reality enough to think attacking pearl harbor would end u.s. economic sanctions despite every attempt by the relatively sober but also relatively powerless navy to convince them it would only make things worse . 
  i imagine the better strategy would be to surround britain and slowly choke its industries while the material advantage steadily tips in nazi favor , eventually making an invasion possible . 
  certainly no short term solution though . 
  `` the european union and u.s. resolved their reciprocity issues '' thank god . 
  try to avoid the whole crippling real estate mismanagement thing though . 
  seattle and vancouver have both managed to create booming tech industries without becoming horrible places to live with dysfunctional transport infrastructure and $ 5,000,000 shacks . 
  i 'm exaggerating , but sf and la really have made a bit of a mess of things in that regard . 
  well when you put it like that it does sound pretty appealing . 
  not in the north . 
  northeasterners take tremendous pride in not being the south . 
  that sounds kinda awesome . 
  where can i read more about this ? 
  can confirm , the dutch built one of our best cities too . 
  i do n't agree with these assertions that germany would have won if the ussr or britain fell . 
  america , canada , and austrialia had so much combined industrial power , i have no idea how germany could realistically have dealt with it , especially considering they 'd continue to face insurgencies in captured territory while allied factories across the ocean churned out an endless supply of weapons and soldiers . 
  were the war in europe to have lasted long enough , the fall of japan would have allowed still more resources to be turned towards germany . 
  worst case scenario : allies are forced to negotiate early peace with japan , likely leaving the majority of imperial conquests in their hands . 
  i doubt china would have been prioritized over europe , but luckily we were able to split resources and accomplish both . 
  so i think in terms of potential impact , the ussr could potentially have lost to germany while america could not have . 
  but that 's not what the question is about , and the ussr definitely contributed more in the actual war . 
  most significant overseas allied contribution was supplying britain rather than the actual fighting at the end of the war . 
  if britain was starved into surrender , germany probably could have concentrated enough resources on the ussr to defeat them and cross the urals before the soviet war machine got its shit together . 
  timing is everything . 
  also without american support , the soviets would probably have starved to death before germany ran out of steam . 
  they were in absolutely terrible shape towards the beginning of the war . 
  unlike every other major power in the world , the american economy could not realistically have been destroyed until the creation of long range icbms . 
  neither the germans nor the japanese , nor the soviets had any chance of the kind of naval/air supremacy necessary to achieve this without nuclear icbms . 
  this is a pretty solid study : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4354297/#!po=12.5000 it 's a bit long to read , but makes a strong case for the connection between early literacy and general intelligence . 
  there are certainly many other factors in general intelligence , but literacy is one of the more easily fixable ones . 
  i think it 's telling that you assume ignorance of history is the only reason someone might disagree with you . 
  especially considering you have no idea what my educational background is , nor i of yours . 
  i have n't called you uninformed , i 've asked you to elaborate on why you think what you think , and all i 've gotten in return is assumptions and an `` i 'm right cuz i am '' attitude . 
  i would n't be surprised if i am significantly more familiar with the history you suggest i need to be taught than you are , but that would be awfully presumptuous of me now would n't it ? 
  pretty sure all i said was that european culture was adept at commerce , industry , and political stability , and that this was a better explanation for european wealth than colonial era trade , which at best was erased in numerous devastating wars . 
  and i was n't the one who equated culture with race . 
  personally i do n't see how race is even relevant to anything in this discussion . 
  are you suggesting culture has nothing to do with economic success ? 
  yes , you can be stimulated in lots of ways , but even so , illiterate people really do have lower iqs on average . 
  i wo n't comment on whether or not i think this is true in europe , but in america the traditional descriptions of political position really have lost most of their meaning and relevance . 
  it 's reached the point where it 's probably best to just stop using them and speak onlybof issues themselves . 
  i share your frustration on this . 
  what factual problem do you have with what i 'm saying ? 
  that 's generally been my experience . 
  spanish people are just very chill and nice to everyone . 
  i 'm a conservative who almost always votes democrat these days . 
  it certainly happens . 
  i take issue with this . 
  europe made all the sweet money by being really good at building stuff . 
  colonial wealth does n't have much to do with the wealth of the industrial era and many non-colonial countries are wealthy . 
  europe also destroyed the great majority of its wealth repeatedly in enormouslu destructive wars . 
  if europeans themselves were n't the source of their wealth , they never would have pulled themselves out of that . 
  european colonists are certainly responsible for * some * of the * lack * of wealth in their former colonies today , to be sure , but that does n't mean their poverty is why europe is rich . 
  and many of those colonies suffered far less damage under exploitive colonial rule than europe inflicted upon itself in the 20th century and yet have n't recovered from the damage nearly as well . 
  no , euro is wealthy because of highly advantageous cultural traits that are deeply ingrained in the european psyche . 
  places that are poor are mostly that way because they have n't adopted those cultural traits ( or created effective alternatives ) or because they simply lost the geography lottery ( trade link remote , no natural resources , little tourism appeal , natural disaster prone ), 
  low literacy , in fact , causes low intelligence . 
  there is significant evidence reading increases iq in children that carries over into adulthood and that learning to read later does n't confer the same cognitive benefits . 
  personally , i think you could start a functional an-com society ( and many people do within capitalist countries ) but without the protection of the state you would be immediately subjugated by a capitalist or authoritarian society . 
  there is little reason beyond morality not to do so and morality has historically not been the most reliable thing to depend on to put it mildly . 
  anarchic societies are bad at war because war has always benefited from very large and complex institutions that are impossible to run without hierarchy .
