  that is the most useful thing i 've learned all day . 
  well if you ever end up in western germany for some reason , come have a beer !, 
  all the other americans here are in the military , they 're cool but kinda weird . 
  that guy looks like some kind of early 19th century beer philosopher . 
  my impression of commonly available european beers is that they are generally of higher quality than commonly available american beers . 
  because i 'm coming from the context of american beers myself , it seemed relevant . 
  not like i 'm even talking about na beers beyond that one mention . 
  yesss , dutch cheese + beer . 
  so much more than the sum of its parts . 
  i 'm trying to remember what kind of fish it was exactly . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was ... salted herring ? 
  i told them to give me the most stereotypically amsterdam thing they had and not tell me what it was until they brought it out , and that 's what they brought me . 
  it was damn good . 
  fries were good too . 
  salad was kinda blah . 
  not bad just boring . 
  actually surprised that to hear hamburgers are n't really considered a dutch food . 
  netherlands seems very enthusiastic about beef in general . 
  i have scotland = sheep , germany = pork , netherlands = beef recorded in my mind for some reason . 
  no idea how culturally accurate that is . 
  you could probably say america is either a chicken country or a beef country . 
  probably more of a chicken country . 
  literally ate a cow on a dutch cow farm that raised cows . 
  hanging out in europe too or commenting from back in arizona ? 
  i 'll be back in germany in 28 days , and then this beerventure can begin . 
  well of course it 's more serious . 
  i mean , unlike food , beer is essential for human survival . 
  context . 
  good , maybe the the belgians can fix them . 
  not a huge fan of deep fried stuff . 
  i had steak , lamb and sausage in maastricht and they were all amazing . 
  had several different hamburgers in amsterdam and they were all amazing . 
  also had fish in amsterdam it was quite possibly the best fish i 've ever eaten . 
  the dutch cheese i ate was also slightly better than french cheese , but i might only think that because i 'm a barbarian who does n't understand the nuances of true cheese . 
  what beer should i try in czechia ? 
  i 'm going to prague this spring . 
  farthest south i 've been so far is switzerland . 
  italian food was probably my favorite in the states , so definitely looking forward to that . 
  had amazing mexican food in berlin . 
  have n't actually been to real mexico . 
  will try soon as i get a chance , have not had this . 
  soon . 
  yeah that 's kind of weird , i 'm honestly not sure why i like english beer . 
  maybe it 's some kind of trick . 
  someone defend germany food to me . 
  am i just eating the wrong food or something ? 
  everything is like , some version of pork and potatoes with some kind of brown sauce . 
  or it 's flammkuchen . 
  or it 's a sausage , which i 'll admit has been excellent sausage but after a while it just becomes too much sausage . 
  also the sausage i had in maastricht was slightly better than the best sausage i had in germany . 
  i 'm ... i 'm going to wake up with a severed horse head on my bed tomorrow morning , are n't i ? 
  true , it is an almost entirely american problem . 
  i 'll concede that point since i was n't thinking in a relevant context at the time . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  i have n't even been to italy yet !, 
  give me time sir !, 
  you live in baden ? 
  stuttgart perhaps ? 
  i 've been meaning to visit there for quite a while , it 's where my ancestors were from , before they immigrated to the u.s. in the 18th century . 
  i 've found germany slightly cheaper than america , especially compared to the northeastern united states . 
  something like : decent but small apartment : 400 euro . 
  groceries , eating out occasionally : 300 euro public transit and the occasional taxi : 100 euro cell service & internet : 80 euro misc expenses & entertainment : 100 euro so yeah , a little under 1,000 euro per month . 
  surprisingly inexpensive considering i live in what would be considered an upscale neighborhood in america . 
  in new york i spent about $ 2,500 per month not even doing anything particularly fancy and i 'd say living standards were about the same , perhaps slightly higher in germany . 
  in nyc that 'd probably be more like $ 5,000 a month . 
  the fact you absolutely need a car in the states and you really do n't at all in europe is really nice . 
  i spend less time on the german trains than it took to get to work in america . 
  a lot less time and tickets are like 1/4th the price of having a car in the states . 
  i was planning on only staying in germany for a short time but since i can work from pretty much anywhere i just ... have n't left . 
  it 's so damn pretty and cheap here it 's amazing . 
  if i had a family or any other responsibilities this would be significantly different and having an adequate quality of life on 1,000 euro a month would be impossible . 
  i 'd love to see some kind of breakdown on who is actually living below poverty line in germany . 
  if it 's almost entirely students and unmarried mid 20s or if you have a higher percentage of families trying to live on that . 
  could probably find statistics myself if i just looked a bit ... ramble ramble ramble, 
  because wealth disparity is bad for economic growth ? 
  and putting college students who do n't come from wealthy families at a huge disadvantage is bad for a meritocratic society ? 
  we seem dangerously close to going off on an unrelated tangent , but that 's probably fine . 
  reddit is all about unrelated tangents . 
  75 for the states ? 
  at least 90 % of that is college students and your 40 year old stepdad who almost went pro at football but then he had you . 
  yes , as far as i 've experienced of the world 's beers , this is true . 
  there 's a little brewery in saarbrucken that was absolutely top notch but i do n't remember its name . 
  bavarian beer is definitely great but probably not the best i 've had in germany so far . 
  my impression of european beer hierarchy so far : belgium  germany  england  netherlands  france  american craft beer  american mainstream beer  pabst `` beer '' forgot to drink beer when i was in switzerland . 
  regrets . 
  met more than one german who thought pabst blue ribbon was amazing . 
  no longer know what to think about the world . 
  reality no longer makes sense to me . 
  how is belgian beer so consistently good ? 
  is it magic ? 
  do you have a dark secret ? 
  is the secret ingredient people ? 
  for food it would probably be something like : netherlands  france  belgium  switzerland  england  germany germany , your beer and cake are great but your food is just ... it 's just really boring . 
  i am yet to eat a single piece of meat in the netherlands that was not the best example of that meat i have ever eaten . 
  you guys are doing something really right with your beef especially . 
  america makes great movies and music but our food culture is frankly indefensible . 
  fair point , my city person bias is showing . 
  more accurate poverty statistics would require some adjustment for local purchasing power in whatever area the person lived . 
  side question , i have n't actually seen that much difference between housing costs in the country and in some of the medium sized cities around here . 
  i live in rhineland-palatinate right now though , so that might not be reflective of the rest of the country .
