  no problem . 
  but if i recall correctly we were pretty reluctant to intervene at all , only did so after the arab league formally requested assistance and a unanimous un security council resolution was passed , and the operation was mostly lead by the uk and france with america providing logistics . 
  you got us on iraq , that was 100 % our fault and we should have listened to you . 
  i do n't think america bears much responsibility for lybia though . 
  that just was n't our show . 
  is n't higher education mostly free in europe though ? 
  what 's stopping the unqualified workers from joining the professional/technician/self employed demographic ? 
  i mean this as a genuine question rather than an accusation . 
  i assume some barrier is there that i 'm not aware of . 
  pbs , frontline , bbc , new york times , the economist , al jazeera , vox and reuters are all pretty reliable . 
  several of them are american . 
  frontline , in my opinion , probably has the most reliable reporters in the world . 
  at least as far as english speaking press goes . 
  would n't europe wuthout the eu be the opposite of america though ? 
  the american government is very centralized and states are n't independent . 
  the federal government has complete authority over things like defense , trade , foreign relations , and even a lot of domestic policy . 
  that 's the joke !, 
  what are french rednecks typically like ? 
  what 's the stereotype vs the reality ? 
  that divide is exactly what i 'd expect , which is surprising because i 've gotten so used to voting patterns not making very much sense in the last few years . 
  centrist capitalism has always struck me as a primarily middle class thing . 
  yeah , in the american system le pen would certainly have won , at least in the 1st round . 
  rural counties are significantly overrepresented in the electoral college . 
  it 's a really bizarre system . 
  nearly the whole west coast went for macron , a large chunk of the interior and southern coast went for le pen . 
  they should just put a sea serpent there . 
  the rio grande serves a similar purpose marking the division between the western plains and the west-west . 
  aka cattlereich and the people 's republic of tech startups . 
  this should be the goal for the 2nd round . 
  come on france , make it happen !, 
  i see you also are suffering from the problem of out of touch europe loving coastal elites / s, 
  this is top notch graphic design, 
  do you really not have any control of the border with turkey ? 
  does n't greece have a fairly large army ? 
  seems the subreddit has become somewhat of a global hub for people of their uhhh ... persuasion . 
  sometimes i wonder if half-decade terms are a bit too short . 
  makes governments a bit schizophrenic in their foreign policy . 
  how do i get in on this ? 
  i 've always been partial to the lizards theory myself . 
  it 's just a lot more exciting . 
  everyone has a first comment . 
  only suspicious if its their last . 
  le pen is a lot hotter than i expected . 
  not supporting startups and small businesses because it is n't fair to make taxpayers pay for anything they are n't personally using is a great way to drive your economy into the ground . 
  then you end up with a few venerable companies with little competition , little new blood or new ideas in the market . 
  taxpayers have less wealth because the economy begins to stagnate . 
  this is effectively business infrastructire . 
  infrastructure spending is one of the best things tax dollars can be used for . 
  we lost one of the letters though , have you seen it ? 
  it 's kinda twisty and round . 
  it may have fallen into the atlantic ocean . 
  these kinds of neat little details are why i come to this subreddit . 
  your harlem is very different from ours . 
  i 'm probably not familiar enough with european economies to use them as examples , but stuff some of the cleverer american state and city governments do : - provide free legal counsel to startups - provide free accounting services to small businesses - run free workshops to help people formulate and improve business plans - maintain a fund to offer loans to small businesses ( particularly startups ) at lower rates . 
  - create local networks of small businesses to streamline cooperation between each other and local universities , considering they wont have dedicated staff to do this like a large company . 
  - free advertising things all of our states are utterly failing at : healthcare in general . 
  what actually works : bad economy : spend aggressively stagnant economy : spend carefully good economy : use surplus to pay off debt still do n't grow after spending ? 
  there is something fundamentally wrong with your economy . 
  find it and fix it . 
  this might be easy , or it might be #extremely uncomfortable , but there is no way around it . 
  best things to spend on during bad economy : 1 ) education 2 ) infrastructure 3 ) research & development 4 ) unfucking your urban centers 5 ) increasing administrative efficiency so you can do more actual work instead of having a room full of people watch a single person work . 
  ( infrastructure includes communication and energy , not just transport ), 
  i 'm not gon na say this is completely untrue , but it is mostly untrue . 
  in my experience most farmers go to college because effective agriculture requires one know what they are doing beyond folk wisdom and farms tend to be independent businesses that benefit immensely from business classes , as one would expect them to . 
  i imagine house construction is somewhat similar . 
  not everyone is going to have a degree , but they are n't exactly some rare elite . 
  ahh , yeah , those do not strike me as great decisions . 
  why would they even want to de-urbanize the country ? 
  dense urban centers are strongly associated with high economic productivity . 
  explain ? 
  well i hope some of them help us copy your phenomenal school system . 
  `` i 'd rather kiss a wookie ! '', 
  `` he could use a good kiss ! '', 
  i suppose rotthenberg 's wall was lucky to survive that then !, 
  modern m\u00fcnster is quite lovely though . 
  yes , as i said , we have a long history of brutality and oppression , just like everyone else . 
  but concepts like fundamental human rights and democratic rule are european inventions , and are the very things that have lead to the current state of relative safety , prosperity , and respect for human life . 
  just to be clear , since we 're talking about the culture of `` the west '' i 'm speaking of europe as a moderately homogeneous civilization . 
  the united states , australia ( to a strangely large extent even modern japan ) are part of european civilization . 
  obviously reality is more nuanced than this but we have to generalize at least a bit to discuss anything . 
  my point remains that the last 500 years of european history have contained so much oppression of non-europeans not because we are evil , but because we are more adept at economics and warfare ( at least currently ) . 
  i would argue that western civilization is decidedly less evil than average . 
  we do not need to say that no western government has ever committed genocide to say that the west is the philosophical enemy of genocide . 
  history is not so clean and straightforward . 
  whereas daenerys is both feared and loved , and sure enough we see greater stability and success under her leadership than anywhere in the five kingdoms . 
  at least for now . 
  tywin lannister got his hypocritical self crossbowed to death . 
  which is exactly what this tool is designed to support . 
  more like a con artist . 
  he 's not very knowledgeable but has keen instincts for performance and coercion . 
  it 's so damn cool how the wall is built right in the middle of the water . 
  please tell me that 's still around and i can go see it . 
  shit , now i have to go into hiding !, 
  i actually got fake glasses because i seem to look better in them . 
  no one here knows i do n't need them . 
  the history of nearly every civilization in human history involves a sizeable chunk of oppression . 
  the only difference is that europe was the first civilization to decide oppression was unethical at the same time as they happened to be the dominant cultural power around the world . 
  the idea that everyone else was just prancing around picking flowers and loving each other until europe came along and taught them the ways of evil is absurd . 
  they were murdering and enslaving each other just like us . 
  well , technically you 're all in eurasia , europe does n't exist , and the boundary between the two has always been cultural and fairly arbitrary .
