  germans get more vacation time than americans on average though . 
  but i do n't work on the german economy so this is irrelevant to me . 
  both countries understand that eagles are pretty rad . 
  northwest is so damn pretty , and on the canadian side too !, 
  all joking aside , there is pretty much zero chance of secession . 
  there just is n't much public support for the idea , though if there was i do n't think the federal government would actually do anything to stop it . 
  what america should really do is reduce the federal budget by about 2/3 and let it focus almost exclusively on foreign policy and defense . 
  let individual regions band together as like minded groups of states to handle domestic policy . 
  that way the west coast and the northeast could have their public healthcare , trains , and big social safety net . 
  the southeast and the plains could have their low taxes and more rural policies . 
  everyone would be much happier and fewer americans would be forced to vote for candidates with domestic policy they like but foreign policy they hate and vice versa . 
  america is just way too big to have so much domestic centralization . 
  conservatives have been saying this for a while and they 're actually quite right . 
  does n't look like anything to me . 
  where in the u.s. is cheaper than where in europe ? 
  give some examples . 
  one can usually just assume they 're a trump goblin when the muslim invasion and america is the best line comes out . 
  and then you 've got the muslim invasion and america is the worst type which almost invariably turns out to be russian . 
  because this is a complicated question ? 
  saying `` the u.s. is tbe best '' is pretty meaningless . 
  there are reasons different people would choose one or the other . 
  i ca n't tell you here , there are children listening, 
  yeah i do n't think you 're scaring anyone . 
  benjamin franklins are also an example of well known turkey lovers . 
  someone explain the cellars thing to me , it 's the only joke here i do n't get at all . 
  i think the takeaway from all this is that man-portable weapons can still threaten tanks , but mbt armor is still very challenging to attack . 
  hence why both are still actively developed and fielded . 
  even just forcing your opponents to carry around a bunch of large , heavy , specialized weapons just to deal with your tanks is a victory in itself as it complicates their already very complicated considerations . 
  then you get to play the game of luring them with your tanks , killing them with your anti-infantry elements , and then using your tanks against their elements that lack anti-armor capability . 
  complicating warfare is good for rich countries that are good at well coordinated combined arms warfare . 
  as far as i 'm aware , tandem weapons such as an rpg-7 have low chance of disabling a modern mbt , and no chance of penetrating the frontal or side armor . 
  and now we have 130mm , 140mm , and 152mm guns im development which may return ke rounds to prominence as anti-mbt weapons . 
  the eternal competition between projectiles and armor marches on ... 
  to add to this : abrams in the guld war were shot many times at point blank range by t-72 125mm cannons to little effect . 
  kinetic rounds tended to just get stuck in the armor . 
  modern tank armor is no joke . 
  edit : russian tanks use 125mm guns , not 120 . 
  oops . 
  trump for elizabeth sounds like a pretty good trade , to be honest . 
  they 're repainted constantly no matter where they are . 
  `` the great maple syrup war of 2018 ended in decisive canadian victory after the lack of woodland camo left u.s. armored battalions easy targets for their stealthy northern adversaries . 
  unconditional american surrender was formalized june 24th at a tim hortons in the rubble of what once was chicago . '', 
  well it 's not like there 's any chance they 'll see combat in the u.s. so it makes sense to paint them for wherever they 'll be deployed next . 
  i mean , our borders are mexico , canada , and two giant oceans . 
  why would we need plausible deniability ? 
  it 's nato . 
  `` european reassurance initiative '' we 've never been the most subtle bunch . 
  canada and russia would probably be doing much worse on net carbon without those forests though . 
  pretty damn slowly though . 
  lumber carbon tends to end up trapped in soil rather than washing back out into the atmosphere . 
  it 's not like all that wood is being burned in stoves or something . 
  despite huge investment in renewable energy , abandoning nuclear power means germany ca n't compete . 
  that 's the lesson i see in this data . 
  what makes you think non-eu citizens in china/north america/india etc would automatically disfavor the eu ? 
  there are numerous advantages and disadvantages of the eus existence to people outside it . 
  generally the eu is good for both global trade and global stability , which many in other trade zones would find to be a net benefit . 
  well i think reddit should have a referendum about whether you should think that . 
  i vote no because i am against referendums . 
  who is in favor of my suggestion to hold this referendum ? 
  which would make it the wrong country considering shogun is obviously set in japan . 
  ( also shogun 2 is by far the best game in the total war series . 
  they really need to go back to that style of clean , balanced design because all of their other games are pretty bloated and unrefined by comparison ), 
  thank you , i 'll start leaving the passport at home then . 
  i 'm not even an eu citizen and after years of travel i 've only been stopped once , which was in belgium directly after the big terrorist attack in paris . 
  seems pretty uncommon to me . 
  am i even required to keep my passport/residence permit with me ? 
  i usually do just in case but come to think of it i really do n't know . 
  i do n't know why this comment is so funny or if it was even intended as a joke , but i keep repeating it in my head and laughing . 
  i do n't follow, 
  i think we need space for both and mostly the problem lies with a failure to distinguish which online spaces are meant to be polite and which are not . 
  if we have nowhere we can be protected from the social consequences of what we say , how are we supposed to explore ideas ? 
  i 've said lots of dumb or offensive things online because i can . 
  because there are zero consequences . 
  and because of that i 've been convinced i was wrong countless times and improved my ideas and behavior , and at other times i 've been able to develop unpopular ideas i 'm convinced are right , that have stood up very well in debate . 
  there is a certain honest that comes out of removing all social consequence and rules that i think is vitally important so long as that space is entered voluntarily and can be left at will . 
  people got ta learn to make comments like that anonymously , use encryption , vpns etc. 
  japan really needs to improve working conditions and reduce work hours . 
  they 've gone full circle into actually hurting their gdp by working too much . 
  this is a very smart way to do things and i hope we can get something similar implemented in the u.s. 
  a few million euro is nothing on the scale of a multi-trillion euro economy . 
  paying for campaigns that do n't make it reduces the risk of running for candidates that are n't excessively rich already . 
  should theoretically diversify candidate pool and reduce reliance on sponsors . 
  worth it . 
  ouch , that 's pretty scary . 
  what are you studying if i might ask ? 
  far as i know that 's about what good state universities cost per year . 
  private ivy league schools and things like medical or law school are of course gon na be more . 
  prices may have gone up a bit since the last time i checked though . 
  fun fact : when i mentioned a lot of american students leave university with $ 200k + debt , no one here believed me !, 
  a friend of mine wracked up $ 40k worth of debt in a year with scholarships and then dropped out . 
  that 's true , working at a coffee shop or something similar is very common for college students . 
  they tend to pay about $ 7.50-9 depending on where you are . 
  usually enough to cover living expenses , then tuition is paid through loans . 
  probably the most typical arrangement in the states . 
  ahh , that does make sense . 
  still , $ 2,000-6 ,000 is really good compared to $ 10,000-30 ,000 here . 
  a vote cast in sparsely populated rural states has 2-3x the power in the electoral college as a vote cast in a large , densely populated state . 
  rural voters also have more representation in the house , and massively , massively more representation in the senate . 
  literally dozens of times the voting power of a voter living in la , or nyc . 
  it 's absolutely infuriating .
