  it gets degraded a bit the larger the company due to the necessity of bureaucracy in the same way that democracy is degraded in a large country , but sometimes that 's necessary . 
  also people have all sorts of dumb ideas about how things should be done . 
  competition between private businesses allows society to sort them based on how well those ideas actually perform . 
  what 's the alternative without capitalism ? 
  having a government bureau assess them ? 
  i trust them a lot less than the people who use the business 's services . 
  to be clear i do n't think pure capitalism is a good idea . 
  it needs to be well regulate by public institutions . 
  not having capitalist mechanisms in society at all does n't look very attractive though . 
  and every such society we 've seen in the past has seen a high level of government corruption and a detached and unenthusiastic workforce . 
  i own capital from which i extract profits : the stocks in my retirement fund . 
  just not nearly to the extent bill gates does ... 
  sanders is definitely a capitalist . 
  he was ( and still is ) pushing for the u.s. to adopt to nordic model ( and to reorient more towards knowledge economy ) , not something like south american socialism as many people have suggested . 
  i mean , i do n't know who in their right mind would say norway is n't capitalist . 
  lots of old people like to retire to the country because living costs are lower , and they 're living on pensions/savings so they do n't care if wages are lower . 
  young people , on the other hand , have the most reason to chase high wages and probably do n't have children , so the smaller housing spaces in cities do n't bother them . 
  some suggestions for good american food that 's widely available and relatively cheap : panera bread : bakery that makes a wide variety of french-ish food . 
  quality ingredients , very fresh . 
  used to work there during university , never found any dark secrets in their kitchens . 
  might only exist in the midwest , not sure . 
  johny rockets : classic american diner with a 1940s aesthetic , great burgers , fries are belgian style , they make everything in front of you . 
  exists in almost every airport . 
  chipotle mexican grill : pretty good burritos but not up to the same quality as panera and johny rockets . 
  they had a food contamination problem in the past but it 's probably fine now . 
  these are both cheaper and better than most fast food places , and they 're everywhere , but eat with a grain of salt . 
  wendy 's : not good but significantly better than similar fast food places . 
  their twitter is hilarious . 
  last resort if you 're desperate . 
  places like mcdonalds and burger king are disgusting , and they are n't even cheap . 
  i have no idea how they even got popular in the first place . 
  german mcdonalds is better than its american counterpart , probably about on par with american wendy 's , but it 's still not good . 
  if you go to one big chain place on your trip to america , go to panera . 
  their seating areas are really chill too , and usually have fireplaces . 
  well i mean , we 're something like 80 % ethnic european . 
  this is a pretty accurate description of america in general . 
  lots of great stuff , but also very low minimum quality . 
  look at our buildings , for instance . 
  coffee icecream is so good too . 
  coffee is the best flavor . 
  that 's why we can only hope nations full of people that think like that never acquire a large number of nuclear weapons . 
  i think my country has a pretty good track record of being reasonable to defeated adversaries ( japan , germany , iraq ) , and hope people remember why this is in our best interest to continue in the future , and that the same respect would be returned to us . 
  not just close to losing , threatened with genocide . 
  i 'd view surrender and occupation by russian forces as preferable to launching several thousand warheads at each other , assuming they were n't going to kill everyone anyway . 
  somewhere around 200 million americans would die in a nuclear war with russia . 
  i think the general attitude towards nuclear weapons right now is `` no first strike under any circumstances short of existential threat . '', 
  if russia killed u.s. troops in estonia , i 'm positive the response would be conventional . 
  moscow would probably be attacked pretty intensely for one thing . 
  if russia used nuclear weapons in response to that , who knows what would happen , probably the destruction of both the united states and russia , but hey , mad would n't work unless our response to any use of nuclear weapons was n't completely disproportionate and irrational , and i 'd expect the same attitude from russia . 
  so nuclear weapons seem pretty unlikely . 
  i 've heard some talk of `` nuclear deescalation '' from russia and i hope this is not something their government actually takes seriously because their is next to zero chance the u.s. response would be anything but full scale nuclear war , because that has been policy for decades . 
  modern nuclear plants are looking pretty damn attractive , guys . 
  this guy gets it . 
  probably off-topic but when i was in paris i was really surprised at how often people i just met would would start conversations about politics , and how relaxed they were about it . 
  it was really refreshing . 
  is this a general french thing , or just parisian ? 
  damnit , now i want pierogis . 
  it 's because the trump crowd does n't like nato . 
  they 're about 30 % of the country , so it certainly matches up nicely . 
  i think when americans think of poland these days they tend to think of the witcher . 
  cultural exports are a hell of a thing . 
  also polish sausages , also fighting russia . 
  poland has a bit of a reputation as a small , tough , plucky country that probably likes us more than most of europe . 
  the us does n't actually consider them a terrorist network . 
  that designation exists for the sole purpose of placating turkey . 
  it 's like calling taiwan `` part of china , '' no one really takes it seriously . 
  us public opinion and military policy are both solidly on the side of the kurds . 
  this incident is further evidence of why that was the right stance . 
  those protesters should have been armed . 
  if erdogan 's little thugs think they can get away with this shit on american soil , i think they need a lesson on the limits of diplomatic immunity . 
  this is absolutely infuriating . 
  i went to sofia for vacation last year and the only bad thing about it was that i could n't read anything . 
  you guys are good at food . 
  ahh , then i agree with you entirely . 
  i 'd like to see growth driven by real increases in productivity at the highest level that can be sustained with long term stability . 
  that seems to be somewhere around 1-2 % for most advanced economies right now . 
  i imagine it will go down over time . 
  even sustaining 0.5 % growth 100 years from now sounds perfectly fine to me so long as it 's steady !, 
  who really knows what will happen in the future , but i think that 's a reasonable goal . 
  over in the u.s. we 've got trillions of dollars of potential near future gdp growth locked away behind an inadequate supply of high skill workers , 50 year old infrastructure , and antiquated business practiceses . 
  lots of work and money required to fix these problems , but the straightforwardness of it all makes me pretty optimistic . 
  but why is it bad for the economy ? 
  france has something like 10 % unemployment , right ? 
  if companies ca n't secure enough labor , why not hire some od those people ? 
  if they do n't qualify for the jobs , why not help them go back to school and retrain ? 
  if there 's some barrier to hiring new people beyond qualification , then why not remove that instead ? 
  macron wants to reduce public sector jobs too , those people will need somewhere to work , and i do n't see how dumping more work hours on current staff is going to create more jobs . 
  the consensus i 'm working from is that 40 hour work weeks increase fatigue which reduces hourly productivity quite significantly . 
  france 's 35 hour work week looks like a step in the right direction , i still am not seeing any fundamental problem with it that could not be fixed more efficiently elsewhere . 
  so it sounds to me like getting them back in school to get them qualified would be a more productive strategy than trying to make low value jobs work better . 
  most degrees only take 2-4 years . 
  what 's wrong with the 35 hour week ? 
  millions of high skill professional jobs they could retrain to fill though . 
  if given the support to make that possible . 
  pretty much the whole world has a shortage in things like programming and electrical engineering , for instance . 
  not to mention medical staff . 
  well , not disagreeing with anything else you 've said here , but why ca n't gdp growth continue into infinity , or at least an almost arbitrarily high number . 
  sure , the rate at which an economy can realistically grow is limited , but so long as hourly productivity can still be increased , why not gdp growth ? 
  we can still increase education , automation , materials efficiency , energy efficiency , saturation of cutting edge technology etc. 
  we do n't even look anywhere close to wringing all the potential gdp out of current technology in america and europe , much less near future advancements .
