  temperate rainforests at that . 
  the donald just wants to protect us all from vile european corruption . 
  why , just the other day i saw an american riding on a train like a a filthy communist . 
  this has to stop before america becomes germany !, 
  or worse ... sweden . 
  we prefer the term pushy runny handegg . 
  everything but the horse lasagne . 
  look , american food , america . 
  you know my uncle was a chef , great guy !, 
  uncle carl !, 
  best steaks you ever had . 
  america has the best food let me tell you , the best food . 
  great , huge diversity . 
  you know what great american food is ? 
  apple pie . 
  invented right here in america it 's true . 
  and the best people . 
  lovely people who love food , americans . 
  people say we have an obesity problem but that 's a lie . 
  it 's not true folks . 
  obesity is n't a problem in america and that 's because americans know what 's really important . 
  and we 're great neighbors , did you know that ? 
  the media does n't want you to know but it 's true . 
  we 're the best neighbors . 
  mexico loves us !, 
  great food comes from mexico . 
  i love mexicans . 
  listen , nobody loves mexican food more than i do . 
  great american food . 
  best food in the world . 
  france does n't know what good food is , that 's why they have so many problems over there . 
  have you heard ? 
  terrible things happening in france right now . 
  just terrible . 
  beautiful country , france . 
  my friend jon is french , great guy . 
  owned a hardware store , nicest guy you ever met . 
  but the food just does n't work !, 
  frog legs ? 
  that 's not food . 
  we ca n't have people bringing this food into america and no one knows what 's going on . 
  no one knows what the french are bringing into this country and the liberals and the media they do n't want you to know about it because they 're scared . 
  let me tell you 're they 're scared . 
  they 're scared of what regular people like you and me can do people who know what good food is . 
  french bread ? 
  nobody eats that in france . 
  believe me , it 's not true and if i said that as a liberal democrat they 'd all believe me . 
  they 'd love me !, 
  it 's just food politics people . 
  and they lost . 
  frog legs ? 
  sad !, 
  well if we 're gon na take that angle then the majority of countries have every kind of food that exists at every level of quality . 
  that 's no fun . 
  if you walk into a typical diner or cafe or what have you in new york or cincinnati and you order the kind of food people typically order , and you do the same thing in paris or maastricht , you 're significantly more likely to get great food in paris or maastricht . 
  that 's been my experience at least . 
  if you order something at a 3 michelin star restaurant in any major city in the world it 's going to be top class , and it 's going to be pretty much the same , obviously . 
  but who cares about that ? 
  there are amazing , world class restaurants in the states but american food culture as a whole kinda sucks . 
  standing by that . 
  i think you might be the only person in this shittalking thread who 's actually offended . 
  it 's complicated . 
  and yet , germans are funny . 
  in my defense it was really , really difficult to put anything above france in the food department . 
  but how can i deny the intensity of deliciousness of the entirety of the dutch food i have eaten ? 
  luck or coincidence , perhaps . 
  but it 's always going to be subjective . 
  lol !, 
  this . 
  this comment tells you everything you need to know . 
  our beer is so bad though . 
  it 's a national embarrassment . 
  but as someone pointed out , our weird craft beer is actually really good . 
  this is true . 
  had a really good conversation about american beer with a guy that worked at a small brewery in saarland . 
  he was really interested in how the american microbrewery scene was developing , and how the lack of purity laws lead them in an entirely different direction than the german scene . 
  something like budweiser though ? 
  budweiser is intensely mediocre at best . 
  same with miller . 
  pabst might literally be rainwater collected in a dirty barrel off of the roof of their corporate headquarters . 
  no amount of patriotism could compel me to defend them . 
  ok fair point but the german food i 've had is just so ... bland . 
  not the deserts , the german deserts are great , but the actual meals . 
  i 'm sitting in a cafe in downtown london right now and i just ate a breaded fish and it was not amazing but it was n't particularly bad and it was mildly interesting . 
  but germany , man , the potatoes , the pork and potatoes . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  it 's endlessly . 
  it 's good pork and potatoes but it was starting to wear down my soul . 
  it 's possible that just eating something , anything that is n't pork and potatoes or some kind of sausage ( that is also made of pork ) is skewing my impression somewhat . 
  the french seemed to like things really intense in general . 
  the cheese , the wine . 
  i had this thought a while ago that like , with french wine it almost does n't make sense outside the context of french food . 
  i never liked french wine very much but i had some bread , cheese , and onion soup somewhere in loire and this really musky dark red wine went perfectly with it . 
  one of the few times i 've actually really enjoyed french wine . 
  west german ( moselle ) wine just kind of taste better in general if you 're just drinking it . 
  in my opinion at least . 
  but yeah i love dutch food . 
  what would you say is the most dutch food ? 
  the most disgustingly stereotypical dutch food that you 'd roll your eyes at someone ordering ? 
  that 's what i should eat .
