  i think they 're right on that point . 
  i have no problem with them not considering me a countrymen . 
  we want to live in very different countries , we should be able to split and be free of the other . 
  i 'd be fine considering them a strategic ally and a trading partner . 
  too many differences to get along in the same country though . 
  well if we were n't stuck in the same country anymore you 'd be free to go your direction , and we 'd be free to go ours , which would probably look more similar to western europe . 
  that seems like a good turn of events for both our cultures . 
  hmm . 
  i see your point . 
  you 'd need an awfully sophisticated ai that understands context . 
  could n't you just program an autocorrect to recognize what word you mean to type and automatically add the diacritics in where they should be ? 
  this is the most interesting conversation in the whole thread . 
  russian psyops skills have always been so impressive . 
  i think they must have inherited it from the mongols . 
  i think you mean '' ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) '' rather than `` o. 0 '', 
  i thought her name was lorraine . 
  it 's good you have a more realistic view of america now though . 
  we 've always been like this . 
  there 's a massive , seemingly intractable rift between the half of the country with culture very similar to western europe and the half that elected trump . 
  to be honest i do n't even consider them fellow countrymen . 
  the country would be much better off if we split into two and went our separate ways . 
  most siblings get along better as adults . 
  about 20 % of americans trust their government . 
  scoring 29 % with the germans is surprisingly good !, 
  yeah , i was one of those people that was very negative about hungary at the time . 
  after talking to a lot more people and seeing how things played out afterwards i 've come to agree with their response . 
  germany was well intentioned but way too hasty and overconfident . 
  did they really change the mech designs ? 
  the original pacific rim designs were such a perfect mixture of affectionate parody and believability !, 
  you guys should really just replace unemployment benefits with `` building a spaceship '' you can never have too many spaceships !, 
  because you do n't want to drive for an hour to buy a sandwich or see a movie ( much less go to work ) . 
  i do n't seriously believe they have any plans to stage a coup in europe . 
  i just think the idea of them planning coups in literally every country , including their own is pretty funny considering their history . 
  i do n't think erdogan has any effective control over those . 
  the cia probably does have a coup plan for him though . 
  they also probably have a coup plan for poland too . 
  and for america . 
  the cia really likes coups ... 
  the most accurate thing i can say about trump is that he would be legitimately good at writing soap operas . 
  what 's really sad about that election is that the only one that could have probably made an acceptable president was jeb bush . 
  well if he absolutely must then xi jinping is by far the best choice . 
  his other options are putin and kim jung un . 
  remember when he gave that really `` presidential '' sounding speech and everyone thought he was reformed ? 
  how 'd that turn out ? 
  the worst part is i ca n't even tell if it 's working . 
  we seem to have good relations with them until a conservative government takes over , then things kinda go down hill fast . 
  i honestly do n't think america has ever been particularly good at war . 
  we 're not incompetent , but we do n't really have a history of impressive feats and consistently punching above our weight class like a lot of other ( particularly european ) countries do . 
  we 're just kinda mediocre at war . 
  what we 're exceptionally good at is mass production . 
  name any war we 've decisively won and i 'll bet we won mainly due to massively outproducing our opponent . 
  revolutionary war ? 
  we won because britain had more pressing matters to attend to . 
  war of 1812 ? 
  we lost despite britain having more pressing matters to attend to . 
  we made some cool ships but had n't figured the whole mass production thing out yet . 
  civil war ? 
  bloodbath because despite holding every advantage , the union army could not get its shit together until they found sherman , who broke confederate resistance in a month . 
  which is what would have happened the first month if anyone had any idea how to fight a war . 
  world war i ? 
  we won because we backed the stronger side and mostly just mass produced supplies and weapons for them . 
  very little actual fighting , and only after the outcome was mostly decided already . 
  world war ii ? 
  we won because we massively , massively outproduced the axis powers . 
  american military performance was not great on a man for man basis and our armor and aircraft tended to be inferior . 
  which of course does n't matter much when you can churn them out in such great numbers . 
  korean war ? 
  we lost because we could n't decide whether we were fighting or not , or who was in charge , or what our objectives even were . 
  embarrassing performance in a situation where we should have had every advantage . 
  decided to just pretend we won though , because why not ? 
  vietnam war ? 
  we lost despite having significant technological advantage and throwing the full might of an astoundingly large military industrial complex at them because no one thought to define clear , achievable objectives to work towards . 
  decided to claim victory anyway because why not ? 
  this will become a theme . 
  cold war ? 
  we won by tricking the soviet union into a race to see who could make more expensive things faster . 
  of course we won , this is our greatest specialty . 
  a lot of people seem to think china would win this kind of competition these days . 
  i think that 's cute . 
  gulf war ? 
  we actually legitimately won this one , and unlike the world wars , we were the main army this time !, 
  seems all the things we 're kinda average at , iraq was terrible at , and it sure helps when your enemy ca n't see your planes or dent your tanks . 
  unless i 'm forgetting something this is probably our best performance so far . 
  i do n't really remember what we did in this one . 
  was it good ? 
  did we win ? 
  we did good in this one i think . 
  everything went surprisingly well despite not really committing enough troops to it and afghanistan being notoriously difficult to fight in . 
  took much longer than iraq war . 
  iraq war ? 
  we won and then decided things were too easy , so we created a new , harder , more confusing enemy by mismanaging everything it was conceivable to mismanage . 
  still fighting this one . 
  manufacturing our way to victory has n't gone terribly well so far . 
  syrian war ? 
  kind of reminds me of korean war . 
  ca n't seem to decide whether we 're fighting it or not . 
  even less committed . 
  ca n't seem to decide which side ( s ) we 're on . 
  i 'm beginning to wonder if our strategy of schizophrenically changing policy every few months is the best approach . 
  but i 'm just an out of touch coastal elite rather than a real american , so i probably just do n't understand war .
