  the hanseatic league !, 
  what about ... old norse ? 
  the giant gear is kind of menacing . 
  has anyone ever tried to buy one ? 
  it would certainly be an unusual transaction . 
  i really have no idea . 
  knight in russia , bear in germany . 
  something about this seems backwards . 
  to be fair i was also quite careless and sloppy in my wording . 
  indeed , this is in fact the opposite of a compromise , it 's just a deception . 
  both parties should aim to create a fair deal for both parties . 
  if one party truly believes they are getting a better deal than their peers , they should bring this to everyone 's attention and correct it because that is what maintains trust , which is more valuable in the long term than getting slightly more favorable terms on a single deal . 
  if someone is always trying to negotiate everything in their favor and being deceptive about it they should jusy be kicked out because they clearly have no genuine interest in cooperating . 
  everyone else can then return to doing actual work without the distraction of having to treat these things like a game to be won . 
  ahh , i worded that badly . 
  what i mean is that something like 7-9 % of british people appear to be genetically asian , thus would probably have immigrated to britain some time in the last 300 years , as opposed to people who immigrated from other parts of northern europe who are all relatively tall genetically . 
  this seems like a good explanation for the ( rather small ) average height difference between british people and say , germans , where all the large ethnic groups are either german , other europeans , or turkish . 
  if i 've struck some kind of ethnic tension chord i apologize but as far as i 'm aware i 'm just talking about fairly boring and meaningless demographic information . 
  are asian people not a significantly larger proportion of the british population ? 
  are not asian people slightly shorter than europeans ? 
  what did i say that was n't factual ? 
  maybe after the servants finish laying out my decadent and extensively excessive meal . 
  i need to select one item to eat before having them throw the rest away . 
  well that 's a fair point . 
  they are n't being executed , it 's a war zone . 
  they would have political protections as normal the moment they returned to france , or even if they went to australia or something . 
  but shooting an enemy combatant in a war zone does n't require a trial because that would just be silly . 
  we use lots of rheinmetal stuff too . 
  but in general i 'd say we are n't importing nearly as opportunistically as we should . 
  i blame politics and to a lesser extent ideological protectionism . 
  trump people also believe this is how trade works . 
  you 've just got ta come up with witty comebacks . 
  probably more to do with the relatively high percentage of immigrants in britain . 
  i feel like there 's some way it could be worked out though . 
  we , for instance , really should be buying european frigates since they 're already tested and developed , and we currently only have 2 . 
  but instead we 're wasting money on development and contruction keeps getting delayed because the design keeps changing . 
  everyone in nato having their own little projects with lots of one off designs just looks like the scenario where everyone loses . 
  and in exchange we all get something ambiguous like `` sovereignty '', 
  so , it 's actually a destroyer . 
  seems like it would have been more cost effective to just buy a gerald ford class . 
  we 're already building 10 ( 11 ? ), 
  of them , economies of scale and all that . 
  not roman , not holy , and not an empire . 
  they 'll just build a wall and make the ocean pay for it . 
  those barbaric swiss !, 
  16th century italy worked great so we 're copying it . 
  well , apparently anyone who thinks otherwise is n't a real american and does n't count . 
  i 'm inclined to agree . 
  8 east india company merchant 24 gun yachts being able to threaten the chinese navy is a strong indication of dutch technological and doctrinal superiority in the 1600s . 
  this at a time when ships of the line ran 80 + guns and dutch fleets were in the range of 60-70 ships . 
  the ming were n't even fighting the dutch navy . 
  also notable that the ming ships were modeled after european designs , as were their guns . 
  china is also a vastly larger country . 
  even in the 1600s , netherlands were tiny . 
  this does n't exactly paint the ming military in an impressive light . 
  a few hundred years ago , of course , china was significantly more powerful and technologically sophisticated than europe . 
  but in the 1600s ? 
  i think people are just excited . 
  it 's natural . 
  well i 'm not the one trying to speak for the whole country here . 
  of course you guys do n't particularly like europe ( especially western europe ) , and would never look there for any kind of example or leadership . 
  i 'd be quite surprised if you did . 
  that does n't describe a large part of the country though . 
  we 're divided . 
  `` no one here '' is a pretty silly statement . 
  325m people live in america . 
  i 'll agree with you there , these are very legitimate criticisms . 
  but the alternative is congress and trump right now . 
  and even if we win in 2018 and 2020 , we 're still going to have to deal with them . 
  eu power being largely split between merkel , macron , and the various eu ureaucracies is still a hell of a lot more cohesive than trump . 
  and those leaders all have fairly similar ideas about the direction the world should go in . 
  you 're suggesting we do ? 
  europe is n't the most unified place in the world , but the us is an incoherent mess right now . 
  the executive branch ca n't even agree with itself right now , much less lead the country . 
  the left and right are more polarized than at any time in living memory , and show little sign of accepting compromise in the near future . 
  if anything , polarization is increasing and the mechanisms by which that would normally be defused are broken . 
  even the democratic and republican parties have split into two factions and i can say with confidence that on the democratic side at least there is zero trust between the two . 
  europeans , by contrast , appear to mostly have the same vision for the future , and the eu government has been centralizing power of late . 
  so yeah , the eu looks like a much more appealing and effective leader right now . 
  if the blue states want to create a strong and cohesive alliance between them , i 'm all for that , but currently washington is not a viable source of cohesion and direction . 
  also new yorker here . 
  your experiences have been very different than mine . 
  nyc is certainly a very self absorbed city , but no more than paris or london . 
  6 ) disagreement on whether the us is supposed to be a christian nation or a secular nation where religion is private is one of things that 's currently splitting the country so fiercely . 
  5 ) now this is just going too far . 
  without having to constantly convert between units , how are our children supposed to learn math ? 
  those people just do n't realize how great wolves are yet . 
  sounds doable . 
  i dunno about the stopper though , sounds expensive . 
  let 's just skip that part and leave the hole there forever instead . 
  wo n't they have to sue each other first ? 
  i think you 'd be surprised . 
  where do you live that people are barely aware of the eu ? 
  last time i was in nyc the paris agreement and macron were all anyone was talking about ( a slight exaggeration but you get the idea ) . 
  i think people in large cities tend to be quite well informed on global afairs on average . 
  states like california and new york are large and quite independent . 
  the eu has a population of 550m and wants to head in the same direction we do , washington does n't , and looks completely inept right now . 
  if europe is going to be more assertive and unified , and they 're philosophically aligned , it 's just sensible . 
  i dunno , man , having royalty again would be pretty cool . 
  i like royalty , so long as it 's of the mostly for show variety .
