i think i paid $ 350 last time . 
  just do n't book a flight last minute in the middle of summer and your airfare should be pretty reasonable . 
  no this is patrick, 
  i 'm afraid you 'll have to make do with a chartered dolphin sled my good fellow , the autogyro platforms came out a bit worse for wear after last night 's fountain incident . 
  several feet of chocolate remains hardened to the control tower it seems . 
  anyhoo do be sure to say hello to the prussian ambassador for me i do miss the old chap . 
  pretty much . 
  there 's a certain number of people that will always be unhappy no matter what you do . 
  so all you can really do is learn to ignore them , rely on your own judgment , and confidently move forward with what you think is best . 
  german scientific contributions are both broad and extensive, 
  i think the point of looking at the unemployment rate is that it indicates a high demand for workers , which is usually associated with a growing economy . 
  it 's less a measure of how many people are working than it is a measure of how long people have to wait in the job seeking pool before they find work . 
  methinks it 's already waaay past that point . 
  assad is n't containing anything anymore . 
  cats are the superior pet , dogs are the superior coworker . 
  it 's probably the most beautiful national anthem i 've ever heard . 
  you can beat someone with a carrot . 
  it 's much more efficient than carrying a stick around too . 
  why do you need immigration when you can have robots instead ? 
  do n't underestimate the depths of hypocrisy trump is capable of . 
  extremely surprised to discover you are n't a bot . 
  as impossible as it is , that would just be too funny . 
  that would be hysterically ironic . 
  oh yeah sure it looks so funny from all the way over in switzerland but you do n't have to live every day of your life under the iron stiletto of shakira law . 
  it ca n't , because long ago an angry guitar wizard cursed cleveland with the browns when they refused to induct him into the rock and roll hall if fame . 
  if they ca n't find the true meaning of rock by the time industrial runoff kills the last fish in lake erie , cleveland will be cursed with the browns forever . 
  i like to think of it kind of like reverse insurance . 
  if you 're a kid that does n't come from a wealthy family that can back you up if something goes wrong , it 's a huge risk with uncertain rewards . 
  you 're taking on a huge amount of personal debt when you 've probably never had a real job before . 
  the government loans are great , but a lot of your tuition is probably going to be covered by private loans from companies that are trying very hard to engineer the whole system to get as much money out of you as possible and are n't necessarily interested in the public good at all . 
  you 're dependent on this borrowed income to have access to education , but you can lose it . 
  you can lose your qualification for some loans , your expenses might go up the point you ca n't afford it anymore , you might be forced to leave college either temporarily or permanently for some reason beyond your control , there are so many things that can go wrong and shut you down part way through a degree . 
  then you 're left with no useful qualifications and debt you may never be able to pay off . 
  and even if you do complete your degree , you are n't guaranteed to get a job in your field , or any job that pays more than you could make without that degree . 
  there 's a good chance you will make a lot more , but the chance you wont is n't insignificant . 
  even people that make very good , informed decisions about what profession they want to pursue can get screwed by market changes . 
  plus a lot of jobs that are very important for society to prosper ( like teachers ) are n't paid very well but still require expensive degrees . 
  everyone says market forces will correct this problem because all the teachers will quit but this has n't happened yet . 
  instead the average quality of teachers has plummeted . 
  on top of this the system is really bloated and just plain costs more than it should right now . 
  the reasons for this are very complicated and i probably should n't get in to it here . 
  the bottom line is that in america since most risk is entirely personal it is very easy to ruin your life with one bad decision or instance of bad luck and college , unfortunately , can be one of those decisions . 
  we have cheaper tech/trade/community colleges to try and address the problem by simply being cheaper . 
  some of these are good , others are almost a scam ( or literally a scam ! ) . 
  america is a deeply classist society despite what we like to claim . 
  connections and pedigree matter a lot . 
  some of these cheaper schools , while offering a solid education will not get you a job despite your skills because you wont know the right people and your degree wont be taken seriously because it lacks prestige . 
  your other option is just not getting a college degree at all . 
  there are a lot of jobs that pay well and do n't require them , and you avoid having to pay the debt off and avoid the huge risk of potentially not getting what you expected out of your expensive degree . 
  plus you get to jump into a `` real job '' 5-10 years sooner which can be a massive financial advantage . 
  this is , of course , a different kind of risk but a lot of people do n't perceive it to be . 
  it also does n't help that the older generation tends to believe that since they paid for their own schooling , the younger generation should do so as well and scoff at the idea that they should help fund younger citizens education with their tax dollars despite younger people being expected to pay taxes to fund social security for their parents generation . 
  and school just plain costs a hell of a lot more than it did in previous generations . 
  in europe you do n't have to worry about all these things that could go wrong since college is free . 
  society spreads out the risk by funding it with universal taxes , and covers the education costs of degrees that have high social benefit but are n't as valued by market forces . 
  how what ? 
  how is the american system not working or how are people avoiding loans ? 
  for the loans as i understand it they nust leave and it 's so expensive/nearly impossible to get someone living on another continent to pay a dept that the lending institutuons do n't bother . 
  americans do this to get away from their $ 200,000 + student loans . 
  never returning to america is probably worth it . 
  u.s. student loan system/tuition is predatory and counterproductive . 
  why not just make the money a loan instead of a grant and then slowly forgive the loan each year someone works in denmark until it 's gone after 10-20 years . 
  this way foreigners who want to work in denmark and contribute will get it but even danes who intend to move away wont . 
  the fund would even make interest on people who take the loan and move . 
  do n't forget the napoleonic wars !, 
  well if we want to take this obvious joke seriously then none of the states seriously want to secede , but if they did i ca n't imagine the federal military stopping them . 
  this is n't the 1800s . 
  can you seriously imagine california or texas voting to leave peacefully with a 70 % + majority in referendum and the military shooting people to stop them ? 
  you really think people would be ok with that ? 
  if enough people in a state really wanted to leave i think the constitution would be amended to let them leave . 
  `` nyc is not a state '' has anyone told them ? 
  they 're not gon na take this well ... 
  i honestly would have prefered this . 
  you know , in the long run . 
  i 'd say it 's mostly a class thing . 
  americans with university degrees tend to be the kind of person that both wants to and has the resources to travel to europe frequently . 
  they likely do care what happens in europe . 
  i suppose they 're also reddit 's demographic though . 
  sounds awesome . 
  let 's do it !, 
  but wyoming seceded decades ago and no one 's tried to stop them !, 
  no one 's even noticed ... 
  but conquering michigan is like 90 % of why ohio would want to leave the union in the first place !, 
  but how will this help columbus to escape cincinnati ? 
  where is the promise of military support against the threat of michigan ? 
  juncker clearly has a lot of research to do if he wants to appeal to the psyche of ohioans . 
  is there a different process for getting it ? 
  i 'm randomly curious about how origin labeling works in the eu now . 
  pretty much . 
  i swear we really do make good cars now though . 
  also i 've been living in london for a bit now and i absolutely love your black taxis . 
  that design is classy as fuck . 
  really ? 
  in germany ? 
  german houses seem to be mostly masonry walled vs wood framed in the us . 
  stucco faced vs aluminum siding in the us . 
  clay tile or slate roofed vs synthetic shingles in the us . 
  also details like the plumbing , wiring etc is done to a more consistent standard and seems to break less often . 
  also german windows are the best thing . 
  i love them so much .
