  america makes the most economic sense if you do n't have kids . 
  if i had kids i 'd get long term residence somewhere in europe without a second thought . 
  more like he 's an engineer lol . 
  the whole mindset of a good engineer should revolve around strategic laziness . 
  `` why would i sort those things when i can write a script to sort those things for me ? '', 
  indeed . 
  europe has an economy of what , 17 or 18 trillion euro ? 
  that an economy of that size ca n't deal with a 30b euro debt is just silly . 
  greece is worth more to europe than the entire value of that debt . 
  i actually do think austerity can be very helpful , but as part of a cycle . 
  outside funding prevents collapse while austerity pressures the system to cut , shaving off what is n't absolutely necessary . 
  afterwards you 're left with a leaner system that will hopefully grow with greater efficiency when austerity is eased off . 
  seems a bit dramatic . 
  countries have come back from worse situations in under a decade . 
  we should all just go back to the black sea for a while . 
  this is an important point , experiences are going to be very different because immigration rules are very different . 
  what a pretty train . 
  i 'm going to support individual policies that i agree with on any level of government . 
  but i think in general , the country would be better off with lower federal spending and more federal powers moved to state authorities , or ideally , self assembled groups of states with similar ideas about how they want to run things . 
  because lots of people want to . 
  if you make it a choice between two extremes like taking in an unlimited number of refugees vs taking in none at all then you 're guaranteeing large numbers of voters are going to be unhappy no matter what you do . 
  i 'm convinced there are sensible plans that the majority of people would be satisfied with . 
  individual states should pass whatever gun control and abortion laws they find appropriate . 
  to be honest it seems bizarre to me that someone from new york would care about what the abortion laws are in kentucky . 
  personally , as a voter i 'm trying to do things like build modern rail infrastructure along the west coast and create a single payer healthcare system throughout that region . 
  the smaller the federal government is , the easier it will be to do these things . 
  if other states want to be involved in these projects , great , if they do n't then they should be able to do their own thing in peace . 
  but seriously , when we control congress and the executive again , we need to remember that states rights are a good thing . 
  we were wrong on this issue , the republicans were right . 
  decentralization is healthier . 
  and oh boy is it collapsing . 
  it 's quite refreshing , really . 
  us and eu are not the same thing . 
  other countries can make deals with individual us states , even individual cities . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  it is n't the same thing at all . 
  eu can negotiate deals and agreements with individual us states , nobody cares . 
  just not things like military alliances or other such matters of national security . 
  north korea will likely have an icbm capable of hitting the united states in 10 years . 
  maybe north korea 's neighbors are willing to gamble on whether their rhetoric on destroying us is empty or serious , but i doubt america is . 
  some kind of attack on nk before they 're able to develop a reliable icbm is highly likely . 
  if china can convince them to end their nuclear program instead , then that would remove the need for this conflict and of course be optimal . 
  i agree , the eu does n't really seem to have much of a plan , and seems to be dismissing a lot of people 's opinions . 
  it 's troubling , and will probably lead to trouble . 
  i need to spend more time in paris , i still suck at eyeballing it ... 
  we do n't really know why he did it . 
  perhaps after a professional investigation we can use him to better understand what 's going on in the heads of people like him and prevent it in the future . 
  currently i believe we lack the necessary information to do that . 
  i agree , it should n't , but repression wont stop terrorism . 
  and i do n't think completely eliminating terrorism is a realistic goal because it has existed in some form for thousand of years . 
  saudi arabia is full of shit . 
  they just want to knock their geopolitical rival down a peg , if they actually cared about extremist funding they 'd put more effort into cutting off funding in sa itself . 
  the iraqi military is doing surprisingly well these days . 
  but i mostly agree , it 's probably not a great idea compared to alternatives . 
  though i also think considering very unconventional ideas is vital to success . 
  i trust you all a lot more than russia , china , and most of south america . 
  if you undermine some stuff that 's objectively good for us , whatever , we 'll deal with it . 
  the relationship is worth accepting the inevitability of that happening sometimes . 
  for better or worse , you 're by far our best option as far as alliances go . 
  china , for instance , is making much better decisions than us right now on things like the paris agreement , but their track record on civil liberties , human rights , and other such core values are not good at all . 
  it wont be long before the chinese economy is twice our size . 
  they would be able to impose all kinds of unfavorable situations on us . 
  that 's what our other options look like , generally . 
  if any of our politicians want to build some kind of empire , i should hope it 's opposed from as many places as possible . 
  being an empire is not in our best interest , i believe ultimately it would cause immense stress and instability in the united states . 
  sometimes a country tries to do something really dumb , and the attempt to do that thing needs to be undermined . 
  imagine a much more powerful eu government in 2001 . 
  would you guys have stopped us from invading afghanistan ? 
  of course not . 
  i remember that time quite clearly , europe was 100 % behind us , and for good reason , attacking afghanistan was an appropriate response to the taliban attacks on us . 
  but when we wanted to invade iraq i remember many european governments , particularly france and germany , strongly advising against it . 
  we did it anyway , and it was a disaster that hurt us , and our responsibility to clean up the mess we made continues to drag on us more than a decade later . 
  would a more unified and assertive eu have been able to stop us ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i do n't know . 
  we could have still done it , but maybe that added pressure would have been just enough to tip the balance back towards no . 
  there was a lot of doubt before the invasion , even in the u.s. people keep bringing this up like it 's a bad thing . 
  why would it be a bad thing ? 
  america would be better off with someone to check our power sometimes . 
  it would also be nice to know we are not the only democratic superpower in the world . 
  a unified eu would be a superpower on the same level as the united states . 
  that would n't be dangerous for us , that would make us safer . 
  if anything happens to us , the eu would still be there . 
  we have actual threats to worry about , not some silly imaginary rivalry with our fellow bastion of humanism and democracy . 
  i do n't think america has any desire to invade north korea . 
  i can see a scenario in which china invades north korea and we help , but obviously china has to decide they want to do that . 
  i can also see a scenario where we destroy the north korean nuclear program and then leave . 
  this would probably create a refugee crisis that would pour into china , which is why china would likely choose to invade north korea before the u.s. resorted to that . 
  north korea can not defend itself against the united states alone , and i ca n't see any scenario in which china would actually want to defend north korea . 
  nk is an ally on paper only . 
  in reality they are viewed as an embarrassment by the chinese populous and a source of constant unwanted complication by the chinese government . 
  america bombing the nk nuclear weapons program would make china look incompetent , being unable to manage a rogue country in their own sphere . 
  if china invades nk with the assistance of a coalition , they get to look like a competent , responsible superpower who takes care of their part of the world . 
  so unless i 'm wrong about that , north korea should feel very threatened right now . 
  ok , so tell me what scenario sounds like more trouble to you : a. 
  bunch of young men sitting around in refugee camps all day with nothing to do , no ability to work , and a feeling of being helplessly trapped in a confined space . 
  bunch of young men in an environment of structure and discipline where they are busy with training and classes all day , in a system that has been carefully designed to create a sense of shared identity and responsibility to their fellow soldiers , and to psychologically break people down and build them up again into more responsible versions of themselves . 
  and surrounded by european soldiers at all times . 
  it 's not like you 'd just be giving them a bunch of weapons and having them walk around with them doing whatever they please . 
  i do n't know of any military that works that way .
