  something like `` maintain more than x % yes votes over y number of referendums held over z years '' to show that a solid majority actually wants independence and that this desire is multigenerational and consistent . 
  i think spain is making a mistake by not providing a legal path for it . 
  i meant refugee/migrant integration . 
  i should have been more precise considering the eu integration issue is such a big topic . 
  by integration i 'm referring to things like integration into the local communities rather than allowing migrant communities to form , mandatory language , civics & cultural integration classes , making sure they 're willing to accept western social norms and things like secularism and democracy . 
  oh do n't be silly , we 'd be far better off putting our resources behind the kurds and ignoring turkey . 
  turkey has been utterly useless so far ( use of their airbases aside ) , while the peshmerja has performed consistently and far above expectations . 
  in light of the whole strategic and political situation , america should back kurdish independence and look for ways to remove turkey from nato . 
  if more sensible turks want to disassociate themselves with erdogans movement , we should back them too . 
  double vowel ? 
  and many of the state governments , and the intelligence services , and the federal police ( though they 're technically judicial i suppose ) and the military , and the city governments with their own police forces . 
  new york city alone has such a large police force , the president would need the cooperation of the federal military to force them to do anything . 
  similar situation with a state like california in that trump would need to use the federal military to overpower their state guard . 
  trump just does n't have enough allies in the right institutions to twist the laws enough to become a dictator . 
  his crazy schemes dont have the same teeth erdogan 's do . 
  well if we are to determine this scientifically , we must do controlled studies to see what happens . 
  this is an excellent answer . 
  are there a lot of germans who do n't believe integration is important/feel it 's offensive ? 
  i think you are mistaking my joke for serious commentary . 
  which is fine , your reply was well informed and informative . 
  that 's when someone is liquefied with orbital weapons and then hardens into glass , right ? 
  that does sound quite violent . 
  more like the breittbart of the uk from what i 've seen . 
  do n't forget the lovely sequel : children of men, 
  replace standard english with old english . 
  i imagine he can but is n't going to because it 's a giant waste of time . 
  everyone here is already familiar with trump and sees what he does in one light or the other light . 
  i imagine he can but is n't going to because it 's a giant waste of time . 
  everyone here is already familiar with trump and sees what he does in one light or the other light . 
  i imagine he can but is n't going to because it 's a giant waste of time . 
  everyone here is already familiar with trump and sees what he does in one light or the other light . 
  would gladly trade a few terrorist attacks for more rights and higher wages . 
  trump absolutely would do that if he could . 
  plot twist : u/xhantan is 20, 
  multinationals setting up shell companies is also why american gdp seems so much higher than it really is . 
  they 're just mostly our multinationals in this case . 
  process usually takes ??? 
  because it is n't measured in time . 
  highly recommended you hire a magical consultant before beginning the process . 
  preferably some form of wizard or professional geomancer . 
  well you could always go to our significantly safer and less crazy hat : canada . 
  no free sunglasses though . 
  does a turkish computer engineer really even need to do much assimilation in america ? 
  they probably already speak english well , are already familiar with american culture from media , probably already talks to americans regularly in places like reddit . 
  interestingly his point applies to chinese people in canada too : they 're heavily filtered towards wealth and high educational attainment because if they did n't have those things to begin with they probably would n't be granted work visas at all . 
  does n't getmany have by far the most kurds in europe or something ? 
  can turkey really even do anything to russia though ? 
  do n't you guys have them pretty solidly overmatched in a land/air war ? 
  nazi tactics ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i certainly think it does . 
  would highly recommend mount eden vineyards . 
  they make excellent cabernet . 
  but if workers from , say , spain can just move to germany and work there , is any of this really a problem ? 
  is n't that the point of free movement in the eurozone ? 
  sounds a whole lot like 1980s japan . 
  really ? 
  my relatives who live in upstate ny warned me the local wine was bad but i insisted on trying some anyway because i needed to `` taste the land . '', 
  it was awful and i 've beem making fun of new york wine ever since . 
  maybe i just tried the wrong variety !, 
  what would you recommend ? 
  in nyc ? 
  the rats have an extensive vineyard operation going on down in the sewers i hear . 
  i think you 're missing my point , germany is probably the least warmongery country i know of . 
  it 's usually germans i hear joking about invading poland and belgium , which would n't be funny if it was n't ridiculous in a modern context . 
  i do n't think you need to, 
  time to back kurdish independence !, 
  i think they believe creating sultan erdogan i will improve turkey 's economy so they can move back . 
  they 're hilariously wrong , but i think that 's what they expect to happen . 
  indeed , it 's recoverable . 
  but clinton and her minions need to realize this is a coalition , not a monarchy . 
  if she wants to be the queen , a lot of us are just going to leave and look for new allies . 
  lots of dissatisfied republicans and independents out there and lots of issues i 'd be perfectly happy to compromise on . 
  unsurprisingly it 's carried over into new york too . 
  new york wine is practically undrinkable . 
  this is a legitimate problem with the left right now . 
  to be fair , the democratic party is a steaming pile of garbage right now . 
  i voted for them , but i 'm not gon na defend them . 
  get ready for a truly astounding level of smugness from the ones who do n't regret it though . 
  i think most foreigners know this , we just find the stereotype funny and endearing . 
  like calling the germans warmongers , which only gets funnier the less warmongery they become . 
  did someone say invasion ? 
  well i would n't expect someone to be able to find frankfurt an der oder , it 's so tiny !, 
  they also teach the war of 1812 around 5th grade , in theory at least . 
  a majority of american adults do not know what it was , or what we were fighting over in the spanish - american war , or even the geography of the country . 
  american grade school education is subpar . 
  pretending it is n't wont help the country at all . 
  making it better will . 
  pretending you 're the best country in the world out of sheer patriotism is the kind of thing north korea is known for . 
  in fact , according to a national geographic survey a few years back , more than half of americans can not find new york on a map of the u.s. how many europeans do you think ca n't find paris or frankfurt ? 
  the difference in geography/history ability is a real thing . 
  it 's ok , all of my grandparents were german . 
  and most americans do n't even know their own history , much less europe 's . 
  personally i consider myself as much german as american . 
  american is my citizenship but germany will always be my culture and my ancestral home . 
  it 's important to know the history of both , i think . 
  we 're in agreement then . 
  you guys take part of the country and do your thing , we take part of the country and do our thing . 
  keep the common currency , trade with each other , but otherwise leave each other alone . 
  everyone is happy .
