  in the u.s. you have places like columbus ohio that are fairly large , wealthy cities with housing prices similar to the countryside , compared with , say , new york city where costs are about 700 % higher . 
  makes me wonder if there are specific policy decisions that can keep cost of living from exploding as density increases , or if it really is inevitable . 
  and i 've lived on $ 500 a month while studying , that does n't mean it is n't poverty , or that it 's good for the economy . 
  challenge accepted . 
  fair point , it 'd be harder to survive on that in the states due to lack of social support . 
  it 's certainly a bit better . 
  to be fair , we seem to be interested in both both causing problems and cleaning them up . 
  i will staunchly defend america 's status as a mixed bag !, 
  we 've settled 3 million refugees since 1980 , roughly 1 % of our total population . 
  that seems reasonable to me . 
  we currently take on about 100,000 per year , many of which are from afghanistan and iraq . 
  germany trying to deal with a million refugees against a population of 80 million in a single year was probably a bit too ambitious . 
  u.s. federal government does n't even come close to controlling all aspects of domestic policy . 
  1,000 $ a month is n't much money . 
  one of those refugees could be odin in disguise . 
  you really wan na risk that ? 
  oh , i was wondering why that was . 
  everything makes sense now !, 
  can you post the context if it 's a real quote ? 
  curious about this . 
  the idea that we have any restriction on polish citizens visiting is ridiculous . 
  how is america going to be hurt by citizens of a close ally coming over and buying stuff here ? 
  yes , yes . 
  putin follows the law and the law follows putin . 
  it 's a beautiful circle . 
  something tells me putin will not be hampered by this . 
  you think putin will die of old age by 2035 ? 
  really ? 
  do n't tell us what to do we 'll nuke who we want yeeehaaaaw, 
  even the south does n't like the south . 
  i do n't particularly like le pen but good for her . 
  demanding a french woman wear a headscarf is ridiculous . 
  if the lebanese government has a problem with this they 're perfectly welcome to just not have diplomatic or trade relations with western countries . 
  and sooner or later you escalate to the point where you need to kill 200,000 people to continue solving your problem with killing and realize you 've become soviet russia . 
  killing is a necessary last resort but it 's a last resort for a reason . 
  this is because they tend to use electric rather than gas heating . 
  total energy used on heating/air conditioning is significantly lower than in the u.s. 
  or maybe i know what 's in his executive orders because i actually read them ? 
  `` checks and balances '' which trump has repeatedly voiced his intention to ignore or dismantle . 
  he probably ca n't , to be fair , but it 's ample reason to watch him carefully . 
  the man literally believes he should be able to over rule a federal court . 
  we can all not trust russia together , like a family . 
  i 'm not sure what you expect u.s. law enforcement to do about someone being raped in panama or mexico . 
  and the huffington post is , of course , a left wing propaganda outlet . 
  hey , lots of people trust breitbart !, 
  they trust it so much that no amount of physical evidence will dissuade them from believing something they 've read there . 
  if that does n't make breitbart a trusted news source i do n't know what does !, 
  yeah , it 's just ridiculous . 
  the only interaction with refugees i 've had here in rhineland was a family asking for directions to the rathaus . 
  i do n't know if there are bad areas in some other part of germany but here crime is almost non-existent . 
  the trump camp lives in an alternate universe where mexican rape gangs roam the streets on a nightly basis and the half of our cities that are n't on fire have instituted sharia law . 
  it 's a wonder they ever leave their homes . 
  this is n't 1933 , you 're not fooling anyone . 
  that is , in fact , one of the many words i would use . 
  and how did that work out for us in the long run ? 
  not well . 
  british oil companies lost their assets anyway and now we have to deal with a repressive theocracy in iran instead of a democracy we could easily negotiate with . 
  and secondly if iran wants to nationalize british assets in their own damn country so what ? 
  they get to . 
  it 's their oil , it 's their land . 
  that 's what being sovereign means . 
  foreign companies accept the risk of that kind of thing happening when they decide to do business in another country . 
  if britain wants to impose sanctions on them or something for it , fine , but what the intelligence agencies did was completely inappropriate to the situation . 
  in what universe does ukraine aligning with nato mean a threat to russia ? 
  ukraine can join whatever organization they want . 
  russia has over 4,000 nuclear warheads , nato is never going to attack them . 
  in what scenario would nato forces ever attack russia unprovoked ? 
  nato expansion is defensive , and clearly warranted considering russia 's demonstrated willingness to annex non-nato territory . 
  if russia really wanted to halt nato expansion they 'd stop threatening their neighbors . 
  the only thing annexing crimea accomplished was strengthening nato and giving them more justification to build up military power on the russian border instead of using those resources for something more productive like fighting is . 
  agreed . 
  we are definitely at fault there and it 's extremely frustrating to watch trump ignorantly dismantle so much progress . 
  yeah , this was a lot funnier before i noticed the town in the background . 
  ^ has probably never talked to an actual iranian in his life . 
  would n't hezbollah be more akin to the ira ? 
  it 's lovely . 
  hope you 're enjoying that recession . 
  wan na have another arms race you ca n't afford ? 
  what makes you think he can even find spain on a map ? 
  not saying some of that is n't true but we did kinda dig that hole for ourselves with the whole toppling iran 's democratic government to prop up a dictatorship thing . 
  i do n't think it would be a stretch to the cia and mi6 are directly responsible for iran being a theocracy today . 
  it 's not my intention to be unproductively negative , just think we need to acknowledge that before we can improve things much . 
  and that 's really the root of it all i think . 
  russia is a mafia state . 
  we did it guys !, 
  america is great again !, 
  it 's true , iran has every reason to mistrust us . 
  cold war american meddling in iran was pretty messed up . 
  well wont you feel silly when the portuguese empire rules all of iberia in 2030 . 
  `` the conflict has led to a dramatic increase in anti-american sentiments in russia . 
  only 15 % of russians have a positive view of the u.s. today '' well it 's not like we started shit with them . 
  we made a genuine effort to improve relations and they just threw it in the dumpster by invading ukraine . 
  best comment in the whole thread . 
  iran is no match for israel if it comes down to actual fighting . 
  would likely just be a repeat of the 6 day war with iran stalling endlessly in mobilization because they do n't actually want to fight , and israel making a decisive preemptive attack that cripples iran for a few decades . 
  but i think that 's all pretty unlikely . 
  too many people in iran clearly do not want to fight . 
  a war between israel and iran would just be really , really sad and unnecessary . 
  we really need to reevaluate our relationship with saudi arabia . 
  we do n't even need their oil anymore and they are n't exactly helpful in the war against extremist groups .
