  maybe this will help . 
  he sure does love throwing himself repeatedly into the brick wall that is the federal court system ... 
  you know 20 years ago i was thinking `` maybe some day russia could join our military alliance . 
  would n't that be a nice change from the cold war ! '', 
  does n't seem even remotely realistic now . 
  seems russian people have a strong tendency to see other countries as being just like russia . 
  i think it explains a lot of the odd things they do . 
  russia is one of the main reasons the eu exists , and now they 're pushing you all closer together . 
  see ? 
  russia just wants to help !, 
  they 're clearly talking about that looming separatist movement in east sweden . 
  yeah , you guys have militaries , right ? 
  the border is n't that big . 
  what about all your anti-erdogan bros in turkey ? 
  they tried :(, 
  to be fair we 've had steadily less war over time . 
  quietly funnels money , weapons , and special forces training to materializing kurdish state . 
  eheheheheheheh soon eheheheh, 
  this is so frustratingly difficult to get across to people in america . 
  just because i support market regulation does not mean i 'm anti-free market . 
  if you do n't regulate the markets you just end up with monopolies and little competition . 
  but ... but what 's the point of being a nazi if you do n't get to wear snappy uniforms and march around in cool parades ? 
  i do n't even think trump would try something this silly . 
  outside of twitter there are too many people that would stop him . 
  not just one study . 
  we 're gon na need a lot of courses for this to really be scientific . 
  i mean ... i mean a lot of repetition !, 
  yup . 
  ghost gunner and more versatile and refined products like it we can expect in the near future . 
  relatively cheap robotic milling machines can already make an unlicensed rifle in a few hours anyway . 
  the age when these laws would even be relevant is rapidly ending . 
  how do you stop someone manufacturing a firearm in their garage the day before they intend to shoot someone ? 
  how about we all focus on dealing with the socio-economic and mental health roots of violence instead of fighting an impossible battle trying to ban weapons themselves . 
  sweden ( among others ) has the right idea . 
  that 's why humans are the most delicious of all . 
  there were days when i 'd have found being vaporized in a nuclear attack preferable to spending one more minute in traffic . 
  it 's true . 
  why just this morning i saw a seagull picking away in the trash for scraps of food . 
  euro libtards promise to give everyone all this welfare and free services but they ca n't even take care of their birds . 
  sad !, 
  on the other hand , germans i 've found are far more likely to engage in non-small talk . 
  try talking to a german about history or politics or literature and they 're noticeably more likely to engage . 
  this is very accurate . 
  car-centric city planning has turned out to be a failed experiment in my opinion . 
  it may have looked great in government planning meetings but in reality it just does n't work . 
  getting anywhere by car takes forever , congestion is awful no matter how many lanes you add to the freeways , even in smaller cities . 
  driving everywhere makes getting even minimal daily exercise a inconvenient chore rather than a natural part of your day and this has resulted in an overweight population with a lot of expensive health problems . 
  low density and lack of foot traffic has killed small main street businesses and cafes , destroying much of the unique charm that used to exist in many business districts . 
  low density has destroyed public parks and squares where people used to interact with each other , resulting in a very insular population of people that barely interacts with anyone outside a small circle of coworkers , close friends and family members . 
  low density has also made infrastructure significantly more expensive than it should be , resulting in generally poor infrastructure in american cities compared to similarly wealthy countries . 
  a huge amount of space is taken up by ugly parking lots because every business has to assume no one can get to them without driving . 
  all also agree that american buildings tend to be utilitarian and just all around very generic , boring and ugly . 
  in the 19th century and early 20th century we built gorgeous buildings . 
  cathedral-like skyscrapers , german timberframes , neoclassical museums , had such a good start . 
  look at a place like boston 100 years ago , it 's beautiful . 
  compare it to boston now . 
  it 's just sad . 
  well when they both demand the entire country follow religious law ( specifically theirs ) without compromise and support the kind of authoritarian theocracy that can enforce it then yeah , it becomes quite difficult to tell one extremist from another and before long you just see extremists and moderates . 
  a decent , civilized country where a man can eat a cat if he wants to . 
  oh cool , that was a lot easier than everyone 's making it out to be !, 
  i do n't think they deserve marginalization but i do think that 's what 's going to happen to them anyway because they 're going to lose a huge amount of bargaining power without the eu , especially considering they were one of the most influential eu countries beforehand . 
  no spite , just seems to be the reality of the situation . 
  we 'll all just have to see how it pans out . 
  also ireland is a pretty nice place . 
  middle class fella with enough capital to relocate is exactly what he is . 
  might be different for someone who 's born in england and is also ethnically english , or just a cultural thing , or a personality thing , i do n't know . 
  personally i was born in america and grew up there , and my ancestors are mostly german . 
  i feel a roughly equal sense of loyalty towards america and germany and moving between the two as the situation suits does n't feel strange at all . 
  obviously i 'm going to be more invested america because i do n't have german citizenship and my german proficiency is n't great , but i could change both of those things in a few years . 
  i just feel like it makes it a choice rather than something i 'm just kinda stuck with at birth which seems better to me . 
  have n't a clue what you even mean by this , we 're already allies , economic partners , and have one of the closest military alliances in the world . 
  what exactly would joining the uk entail ? 
  he sounded pretty patriotic to me but at a certain point does it not become sensible to recognize that the place you feel most at home may not be the best place for you even if you wish it was ? 
  maybe he 's wrong and britain will be perfectly fine , or maybe he 's right and ireland will end up being a better place to raise his family because of the advantages of european citizenship . 
  i do n't see how this has much to do with patriotism . 
  i 'm quite patriotic towards america myself , but i 'm deeply concerned for the direction it 's heading right now and if i and people like me are n't able to right the ship , it will no longer be the country i feel patriotic towards and i probably will leave because it would be foolish not to . 
  yeah , that 's a very sensible stance on the whole thing . 
  the integrity of democratic institutions is always more important than the individual decisions they make . 
  my indian-british roommate at the hostel i 'm staying at was just explaining to me how he loves london but decided to permanently move to dublin ( where he works now ) and get irish citizenship instead of moving back home to london in a few years like he was planning . 
  all because not being an eu citizen ( and his future kids not being eu citizens ) worries him tremendously . 
  seemed like a very cool guy , and he was a computer engineer . 
  not exactly an undesirable britain would n't want . 
  are you guys sure you ca n't reverse brexit ? 
  really really sure ? 
  i mean it does n't effect me at all personally but seeing all this stuff makes me sad for one of my favorite countries . 
  you magnificent bastards deserve more than brain drain and international marginalization . 
  oh they were definitely shooting at each other , do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't think they intended to hit him , but i do n't really know . 
  he knew they were shooting at him because bullets hit the tree next to him . 
  i know he did n't intend to hit them ( he could barely even see them ) but the implication of shooting back in their general vicinity is obviously that he would if they kept shooting ( which they did not ) . 
  he did n't seem as troubled by the whole thing as the rest of the family , but he grew up in these kinds of areas so perhaps there 's some kind of crazy etiquette to the whole thing they both understood . 
  i really do n't know . 
  this was also quite a while ago , he 's in his sixties now . 
  appalachia may be a very different place , or it might just be exactly the same . 
  no one was hit . 
  it was at about shouting range in a heavily forested mountainous area . 
  hence why he 'd gotten lost in the first place . 
  no one was hit . 
  i think they both intended to fire warning shots . 
  but yeah , the fact they just opened fire on someone without warning or checking who he was is pretty nuts .
