  i live in the south of france and i 've never heard anyone use the word `` coa '' . 
  who did they aks in china ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the people not living in the heavily industrialized coast would be much more religious . 
  why blue ? 
  it 's not really clear but it 's either one of paris ' colors ( the other being red ) or a symbol for saint martin . 
  so where are all the eurosceptics ? 
  scotland too seems more inclined to stay with the eu than southern britain , i wonder if a brexit happened both gibraltar and scotland could secede from the uk , that would be pretty awkward . 
   the title implies that in a certain sense morocco is n't in africa . 
  is this way of thinking normal in morocco ? 
  north africa is quite different than sub-saharan africa , but geographically it 's still obviously part of the continent . 
  i 'm ready to bet that people are going to make noise about it for a bit , then stop caring like they did when the us was revealed to be spying on everyone . 
  i do n't think that 's a good thing btw . 
  sarin was n't invented with the express purpose of killing humans . 
  it was accidentally created by german scientists who were trying to create a new pesticide . 
  there probably are a few other example which have very few to no beneficial uses , but they are in the extreme minority and like all other technologies that can kill are not inherently evil . 
  i wonder how many of them are caused by studies . 
  i for one will be leaving home before my 19th birthday due to studies and honestly if i had the choice i 'd rather not . 
  i 'm very close to my parents and i do n't really understand people who want to leave as soon as possible . 
   however , there are technologies / inventions which have pretty no good purpose and would primarily be used for horrible purposes . 
  do you have any examples of this ? 
  i do n't believe there is any kind of technology which does n't have beneficial purposes or at least is made using technologies which have beneficial purposes . 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  when i 'm talking about `` the gun '' i 'm talking about it as product of technology and nothing else , the way it was acquired or why it could be acquired in the first place are irrelevant to the discussion . 
  well my initial response was a joke seeing you take part in pretty much every discussion concerning ttip . 
  but now i have to ask , what kind of ttip would you not support ? 
  the main argument against it is that it may threaten the social standards of the eu and give big companies the ability to sue the state if they impede their profits , now i know you do n't believe this will be the case with ttip , but then what kind of terms would make ttip undesirable ? 
  so , savannajeff , do you support ttip ? 
  technology is a tool , it 's like blaming the gun instead of the gunman during a shooting . 
  meh , the pr he 'll get for supporting an lgbt person is still probably worth it on its own since he is still dismally unpopular ( newest figures i could find is 24 % approval rating on the 24th of march with a declining trend . ), 
  are you under the impression that any country today value `` morals '' over cold , hard cash ? 
  lol owned, 
   `` the 150 survivors who were rescued and taken to a southern italian port this morning ''  `` it was not clear exactly when the boat had capsized . '', 
  it 's not like the coast guard just looked at the ship while it was sinking , they saved as many as they could . 
  it does n't take into account that anything could happen in the next 5 years that can and will affect growth . 
  the thing is we ca n't expect the eu to take care of all the displaced people in north africa . 
  it may be inhumane but we have our own problems to deal with . 
  one of the parts was was not manufactured properly and was faulty , does n't mean that there is anything wrong with the design . 
  jean marie le pen is the perfect man to take down the fn . 
  as the ex-president he is still heavily linked to the party and he has always played the role of shit disturber in politics ( unlike his daughter he never aimed for presidency ) this is an enormous problem for marine le pen because she has worked tirelessly to conceal the xenophobic image of the fn and her father can easily shatter this false image that people now believe in . 
  i 'm not so sure about france , if we can clear up the issue with nuclear weapons i 'm sure they would accept to join an eu army . 
  why would we want to do that even then ? 
  if nuclear weapons are n't around anymore then conventional warfare between large countries become possible again and with today 's weapons it would be a massacre . 
  this is funny , both sides are calling each other nazis , without really knowing what it actually means . 
  i hope this kind of stuff never makes it 's way to my country . 
  do these rejections happen often ( everywhere i mean ) ? 
  everyone is going to jump on the fact that he is gay but is n't it possible that the vatican simply rejected him for other reasons ? 
  it could be worse , in france you pretty much need to ask the president 's permission if you want to take a shit . 
  i know this is an old post but reading it made me wonder . 
  if the english are part french does that make us the most dysfunctional family in history ? 
  so spationaut is `` lazy '' , huh ? 
  well let 's see how original the other variations are . 
  astronaut : `` astro - '' literally means something related to space ... cosmonaut : in russian the word cosmos ( \u043a\u043e\u0441\u043c\u043e\u0441 ) also means space . 
  taikonaut : comes from `` taikong '' which means outer space . 
  you can see that these names are choke full of originality and creativity ... 
  so why do you have a beef against spationaut again ? 
  nice `` system '' , they just covered the tank with camo nets ... ( or am i missing something ? ), 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  do n't think that the marshall plan was an act of charity , it was done with american interests at heart , not the people of europe . 
  your objective and well argued point has convinced me . 
  it should be called `` angry people get salty over the word spationaut on the internet '' . 
  yes it 's true that everyone uses the word to talk about people from the us , but it makes no sense . 
  european , african , asian , australian , etc. . . all of these words designate things which come from a continent , but american for some reason is restrained to the us . 
  anyway i know i 'm not going to change the meaning of the word by ranting on reddit , it 's just something i have a beef with because it reeks of american exceptionalism . 
   but would you say that `` americans '' and brazillians are `` the same thing '' ? 
  if you go by the proper meaning of the word american then yes it includes people from the us as well as those from brazil . 
   would it surprise you if a brazillian or argentine or columbian or cuban was nice ? 
  what ? 
  where did you get the impression that i thought people from these countries were not nice ? 
  saying that canadians are americans is correct . 
  blame the us for not coming up with an adjective for their people . 
  i hope it does , no matter the outcome . 
  the current limbo where nobody knows whether the uk will leave or not ca n't continue . 
  well it 's official folks , the uk is now a french possession . 
  good news even though i 'm not sure this is going to bring in anything new . 
  pretty much everyone is dead set on the co-pilot murdering everyone on the plane deliberately and ending his life at the same time . 
  the propagandisation of your country shall not cease until the uk has been fully absorbed into the glorious fourth franco-german imperial reich of brussels of soviet socialist republics ( ffgirbssr ) , resistance is futile !, 
  if a situation arises where croatia or hungary could be defended only through the dissuasion factor of a nuclear arsenal i would n't be against using the french arsenal as a deterrent . 
  if actual nuclear war has started the eu-wide army wo n't matter anyway . 
   david cameron : the problem with the european union at the moment , it has got some good aspects but too many things that drive people mad . 
  `` the eu is good , but it 's also bad . '', 
  protagoras would be proud . 
  we should also declare war on them and nuke them , amirite ? 
  i 'm an advocate of an eu-wide army , but people are still too worried with `` muh national sovereignty '' right now for . 
  seems like a good idea to me . 
  i still think those should be european convoys instead of american . 
  what 's a ttip ? 
  i do n't think we have those in the eu . 
  plot twist : increase is due to influx of american soldiers in eastern europe . 
  why do people care about the gender of their boss ... 
  i love that double humiliation : `` we accidentally shot at innocent civilians while trying to shoot a drone , but fortunately our guns were n't accurate enough to hit them ... wait '', 
   it does not make you brainless ... ( and yes i have gone through severe depression myself the past years ) this guy 's action were without a doubt intentional and thought out . 
  he spent 8 minutes in the cockpit in complete silence , not even slightly unnerved , while the plane was descending at an alarming rate into the alps . 
  he could have halted the descent at any moment . 
  this guy was sick , and the most frustrating part is that even though he died he got what he wanted . 
  i 'd have rather seen him locked up in a hole with nothing but his suicidal depression until the end of his days . 
  that 's true , but it 's just that if later we find out it was n't because of the co-pilot 's fault no matter how many time the media say it his image as well as the one of his family will have been ruined forever . 
  i do n't buy the terrorism theory , the point of the whole thing is to create terror so they are as public as possible and the perpetrators will obviously publicly claim that they were the one behind it . 
  a lone copilot staying dead silent and crashing the plane in a remote part of the alps instead of over or into a city does n't fit the bill . 
  idk , seems far fetched but if air control saw the plane significantly deviating from his trajectory jet fighters would have been scrambled to check out what was happening . 
  unless you like to sleep 5 hours per day every day and get sexually harassed from the moment you wake up i do n't think this is possible .
