  i mean , that 's their job . 
  i 'm pretty sure all western countries now have professional armies so it 's not like they were forcefully conscripted , they chose this line of work . 
  as with everything that brings about change , this is an opportunity . 
  i just hope our leaders will be able to seize it . 
   let individual brits opt-in to keep their eu citizenship  finance and supply rebel forces who kill everybody in local administration  declare their region seceded and independent  surprise mock referendum  neo-colonialism one of these things is not like the others . 
   the election is tomorrow finnish person i thought this was some weird passive aggressive statement then i realized the guy 's name is actually u/finnishperson . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're comparing in these graphs but with everything i 've tried the uk spends a greater proportion than the us by around 10 % . 
  that does n't seem like a given to me , the us is n't a welfare state and the qol is good . 
   this postwar order worked remarkably well : the three decades after 1945 remain europe 's period of fastest growth ever . 
  i do n't see how this has anything to do with the center-left . 
  it 's pretty easy to get high growth when your country 's been razed to the ground and everything needs to be rebuilt . 
  if someone had to find a reason to hate on migrants in this article , i 'd imagine it 'd be the whole `` raped a kid '' thing rather than the trial being overturned . 
  ca n't tell if trolling or delusional beyond all hope . 
  of course , they would n't have an obligation to . 
  but the international and domestic fallout that would come from ignoring a referendum would be pretty bad . 
  but what if this unofficial referendum result in an out vote winning ? 
  i do n't think ruk could realistically keep scotland in at that point . 
  since slovenia does n't even exist in this map i 'm pretty sure its implied . 
  `` czech '' is just the shortened form of czechoslovenia . 
  yet far from `` quite marginal '' as u/laboe claimed . 
   it 's better to look at norways ' % produced of worldwide production . 
  but then again , if you factor in per capita they 'd be up at the top although i doubt counting per capita makes much sense . 
  why would n't it though ? 
  that was my point pretty much . 
  norway has such a small population , no matter how many environmental measures they adopt it wo n't offset the millions of tons of petrol produced and exported . 
   norway 's exports are quite marginal as as percentage of the world oh yeah ? 
  because out of 118 oil producing countries in 2014 , norway ranks 15th on oil production . 
  sure they 're not on the same level as the us , saudi arabia , etc. . 
  but calling it marginal is just plain wrong . 
  i was pointing out the hypocrisy in your statement , where you seem to think of norway as some sort of eco-heaven . 
  the county is exporting millions of tons of oil every year , likely making it a net contributor to global warming , no matter how many environmental policies it adopts back home . 
  i 'm not sure where you got this idea that i was blaming anyone , but it does make you look salty as fuck so please continue . 
  yeah call me when they decide to ban petrol export ... 
  i 'm not sure what you expected when you wrote this post , because each of your questions could warrant a multiple-pages essay , * for each country in the eu * . 
  tl ; dr europe is complicated, 
  is n't the new hip term `` people of colour '' ( usually shortened to poc so nobody has any idea what you 're talking about ) ? 
  i 'm suddenly reminded of the video clips where cars just power their way through blm protesters blocking roads in the us . 
  i almost want to see the reaction of the protesters if a plane just said `` fuck it '' and went in for the landing anyway . 
  first of all these people are a minority . 
  but really if everybody is working for nothing then where is the money needed to supply everyone with a basic income coming from ? 
  so you 're basically advocating for the removal of currency and just make everything free ? 
  there 's plenty of ressources on the internet that can explain much better than i could why it would n't work . 
  yeah i 'm sorry but what you 're saying is incredibly stupid . 
  you think people will be willing to work for nothing because they like what they 're doing ? 
  and even if that were the case , it raises another question : if nobody is making any money , who 's paying for the basic income that everyone receives ? 
   you wo n't need to `` work your ass off '' , because technology and automation ( i.e. 
  robots ) will do that for you . 
  what you will be able to do , is to work for your own pleasure , be it creating art , inventing new technologies , helping others socially , etc. 
  who 's paying for the robots ? 
   if your dream really is to `` do nothing '' , then i kinda feel sorry for you ( i do n't really believe that 's your dream though , more likely you simply have never had the opportunity to pursue your real dreams ) . 
  so in your scenario i could either work my ass off to pay for the salary of 80 % of the population ( which leaves me wondering what exactly would be left for me ) , or just do nothing and still get payed ? 
  what a dilemma ... 
   and it 's not as if they are full-fledged members of the society . 
  so what are they ? 
  these `` refugees '' are escaping from a conflict that could easily last for years still , i hardly believe any politicians will have the balls to kick them out once the crisis has resolved itself . 
  social and economic turmoil resulting from massive influx of economic migrants which do not integrate in our european societies ? 
  there 's no perfect solution to this problem but leaving things as they currently are will only lead to more hatred towards those migrants and thus more calls for even harsher measures . 
  you sound like someone who 's taken gender studies . 
  lol that picture is like a tumblr wet dream . 
  every time there 's a discussion about a political or social issue such as this one there 's always someone who comes along and says `` hey , i belong to [ ideology who traditionally opposes this ] but i actually completely support this ! '' . 
  i 'm starting to think this is just a trick to get the opposition to agree with you by pretending you 're on `` their side '' and supporting the idea to make it seem acceptable to them . 
  did n't know it was possible to laugh and cringe at the same time, 
  the swiss do n't want anything to do with the eu, 
  the idea of a 2 speed europe was around before cameron even announced the referendum . 
  i believe in this case `` london '' was used to talk about all of the uk, 
  remain being the status quo it 's quite likely there will be more people voting for it than shown in the polls . 
   principle-based and preventative approaches are the norm sounds like dogmatism to me . 
  i laughed when portugal 's `` showcase '' was just an easyjet plane flying over it . 
   she said the only time she ask repayment , it was for the game `` prison architect '' , because of the death row construction . 
  is n't that proof that she judges games based on her ideology rather than their inherent qualities ? 
  are n't you just better off building space-borne telescopes at that point ? 
  sure it would n't be as big as the eelt but not having to deal with the atmosphere 's distortions must be a big plus , right ? 
  til countries like the us or denmark or switzerland are part of the third world . 
  so you think that the only country that manages to have less unemployment than france is belarus instead of , say , a large part of the western world ? 
  even those drugs that do n't cause physical addiction cause indirect dependence because , as you use them , you body builds up a tolerance to them and you need to take more and more of it at once in order to get the desired effect . 
  and it does n't matter if only some people are prone to addiction , when it comes to drug you either make it legal for everyone or no one . 
  the latter means you 're condemning those that easily get addicted for the pleasure of those that do n't . 
  and that 's a pretty big `` if '' - see alcoholics . 
  i do n't support the legalization of any highly addictive products for recreational uses because you 're creating an economy where you can never know for sure if the consumer are buying because they want to , or because they need to . 
  ( again see alcohol/cigarettes . 
  coffee is not a good example because you need to drink enormous quantities of it before becoming addicted ), 
  drugs are actually bad though ... 
  that 's a bit extreme , but i guess you 're entitled to your own opinions . 
  hyperbolic title , and as i said in the other thread about this : it 's just trees . 
  you have any numbers to back up these claims ? 
   protesting is part of our culture . 
  whose culture , exactly ? 
  those of the 7 % who are part of a worker 's union ? 
  you really do n't , these people are extremists who claim to represent the people while actually comprising less than 10 % of the population . 
  it 's just trees . 
  most of these people do n't even know what the law contains and does n't contain , they 've just been told that it 's `` bad '' . 
  i was hoping for some documentary about future technologies or something similar , too bad . 
  they represent a negligible part of the population and there are many alternatives . 
  it should n't even be an issue ... 
  actually spain said it would accept an independent scotland if it became independent after a london-approved referendum iirc . 
  basically `` do n't create a precedent that could be used by catalonian separatists '' is their condition . 
  so do you have a source for that ? 
  even the people from the fn do n't say they want to blindly deport all muslims . 
  it generally limited to illegal immigrants and those linked to terrorist groups , which seems perfectly legitimate to me . 
  yes , and it 's a strawman .
