  these goddamn eurosceptics british scum have had it coming !, 
  with the power of turkey and japan we will establish the european empire and re-colonize india and china !, 
  i know last time i had the flu my taste buds were affected and everything started tasting horribly off , except cereal for some reason , do n't ask me why . 
  so there you go , eat cereals . 
  am the only one really annoyed by the map naming only a few random countries ? 
  it 's really poorly designed . 
  as for the map ; i wonder how this data was collected . 
  is there really a survey somewhere that asks if you are a furry ? 
  also the capital of france is apparently also the capital of furries in our country , i knew something was wrong with parisians !, 
  north island applied for eu membership because of a cattle disease ? 
  ( i kid , but that that title is really badly worded ), 
  i understand it is a feat of science and engineering , but is there any practical purpose for this ? 
  i feel that after a certain threshold of accuracy it becomes kinda redundant . 
   culturally we do n't like them . 
  wow i did n't know not liking ids could be part of a culture . 
  killing your own mother ... 
  the very idea sickens me to the core , especially when done in such a brutal manner . 
  well the mistral could certainly be used to reclaim oversea territories but it seems to me that the only serious external threat to the eu currently is russia which shares a direct land border with the european union , making amphibious assaults a bit redundant . 
  but u/kahzootoh made a good point also , they can be used for humanitarian purposes too . 
  the mistrals have been used in the past to evacuate refugees from war zones and deliver aid supplies to countries that had suffered from natural disasters . 
  i 'm sure the eu could find some use for them , but i 'm not sure everyone would agree to giving warships like these to the eu . 
  the mistral is an `` amphibious assault ship '' which , in layman 's terms , means that they are used to organize an invasion of another country overseas . 
  if there ever was an eu army i 'm sure it would be used for self-defense only at first , such an army would have no use for the mistral . 
  global warming causes sea levels to rise , not lower . 
   something went clearly wrong in our approach and we should think about not doing the same mistakes again . 
  your message seems to imply that it 's our fault . 
  maybe the immigrants themselves should be doing some efforts to integrate too ? 
  you can lead a horse to water , but you ca n't make it drink . 
  i listened to a very interesting podcast ( in french , i 'll link to you if you want ) which claimed that the whole operation was actually a ploy by a group within the french state to destroy the dgse ( france 's intelligence service-those who orchestrated the sinking of the rainbow warrior ) through this disastrous operation . 
  his main arguments was listing the many obvious mistakes that the dgse did although they had previously proven they were far too competent to commit them . 
  are you sure you did n't personally hold the child 's head under the water as he was drowning ? 
  and all of those migrants who drowned in the mediterranean , how can i know you were n't the one who sunk their `` ships '' ? 
  i want to see proof !, 
  god bless our left-wing population who protect us from evil right-wing nazis , amirite ? 
  seriously where did your post come from ? 
  the entire article is about the responsibility of gulf countries to do more about the current crisis . 
  quoted directly from the article :  less ire , though , has been directed at another set of stakeholders who almost certainly should be doing more : saudi arabia and the wealthy arab states along the persian gulf . 
  did you even read it ? 
   if oil runs out ( it wont ) so you 're just going to claim something like this without at least explaining your reasoning ? 
  seems like a pretty incredulous thing to say as if it was accepted truth . 
  sure . 
  but these people are not refugees then . 
   why did they take their child along ? 
  bad parenting skills !, 
  poverty porn !, 
  you 're quoting one comment out of 41 ... 
  it is not representative of the entire thread ( as of now at least ) . 
  once they reach a safe country ( austria ) they are no longer fleeing war . 
  if they decide to move to move out of this safe country to another one ( germany ) because of economic reason they are no longer refugees , but economic migrants . 
  whatever , i feel like we 've drifted too far from the subject at hand anyway . 
  the whaling in the faroe islands is limited to pilot whales , a specie that is not threatened at all . 
  ( its conservation status is `` least concerned '' ) . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long-finned_pilot_whale ) so now that we 've established that , what 's actually your problem with this kind of whaling ? 
   language does n't work that way . 
  if we classify the killing of intelligent animals as murder , it 's murder . 
  some people do , and would like to push the legal definition towards their use of the word . 
  until they do , you are technically correct from a legal perspective , albeit in a meaningless way . 
  drop your bullshit . 
  killing is killing , murder is a specific word that applies to humans but it 's still just killing . 
  you just want to bend the word 's meaning in order to humanize these animals and appeal to people 's emotional side without having to present objective arguments ( which i have yet to see from you at this point ) . 
   no , they do n't . 
  they would n't starve without it , so it 's not sustenance . 
  have you read the op ? 
  so do you have a problem with every predator on the planet ? 
  because , as their name implies , they kill other wild animals . 
  why do n't you go scold them about how amoral they are for doing this . 
   one can argue that the killing of intelligent animals , particularly social ones , is veering towards murder , but that 's not a generally accepted argument . 
  because it 's wrong , murder is a specific term that applies when a human kills another human . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/murder ) as for the rest of your post you do n't really address the op 's point : they hunt for sustenance , not sport . 
  you 're basically saying '' stop what you 're doing because i think it 's wrong '' without actually proposing any alternatives . 
  some people will find any reason to get offended . 
  here in france there was a huge scandal because a politician used the old expression `` c'est pas tr\u00e8s catholique '' ( it 's not very catholic ) which describes something as being doubtful or dodgy , but everyone thought he was making a religious statement or something . 
  this is censorship , but i guess it 's okay since it 's aimed at russia . 
  that 's pretty funny since we just call it football in metropolitan france . 
  you 'd think we would be the ones more preoccupied with finding a french name for it . 
   - obsession with soccer - [ we call it football ] ( https://ryanroweblog.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/football-vs-soccer.jpg ), 
  should have just sold those ships to russia , eu/us/nato made a lot of noise about that but now that we have to find another buyer suddenly they are all silent . 
  you do realize that even though that deal was cancelled india will still be buying rafales from france ? 
   well , they can breed and grow what the country need even if they lose money . 
  it is not economically self sufficient , but it is food self sufficient . 
  then they run out of money and ca n't produce anything anyway ? 
   imf first deputy managing director david lipton told the bbc world service the tradition by which a european heads the fund while an american leads the world bank was coming under pressure and the next appointment would be `` strictly merit-based '' . 
  i 'm hoping this will also apply to the world bank then . 
  ... haha who am i kidding . 
   the initial mole that stole all these information did not defect to russia . 
  are you talking about snowden ? 
  you realize he 's in russia because that 's the only place that will take him ? 
  how did these 3 guys expect to storm a military base ? 
  evolution does have a goal , it selects those who are the best at passing on their genes ( aka reproducing ) . 
  that 's natural selection . 
   monogamy is also pretty `` abnormal '' in the animal world untrue . 
  while they may not be in the majority , plenty of species are usually monogamous . 
   i also do n't think gay marriage has anything to do with whether or not being gay is a `` good '' thing . 
  people who are pro-choice do n't think everyone should go out and get abortions , but that everyone should have the right to . 
  i did not say anything about gay marriage , i was simply giving my opinion of homosexuality and explaining it . 
  love and sexual attraction are different things . 
  you love an individual ( which may have nothing to do with their looks tbh ) , but you 're sexually attracted to a certain group ( men or women ) . 
  you can be sexually attracted to several people but only love one of them for example . 
  i do n't see your point , i never said anywhere that the sole purpose of male individuals was to impregnate females . 
  you 're not explaining why homosexuality is not abnormal behavior .
