  beyond being the name of the satellite it also means `` companion '' in russian . 
   whataboutism is what you did . 
  my point is that the two are n't remotely comparable because the ussr was responsible for tens of millions of deaths . 
  read the definition of whataboutism , it may have been used by the soviets first but it does n't mean that it only applies when you 're criticizing the us . 
  i merely pointed out that the us did horrible things and your answer was pretty much '' yes but what about the atrocities committed by the ussr '' without actually addressing my original point . 
   to disprove my point , you seem to have linked to a list of native american attacks on americans yes this link includes attacks by the indians and against the indians , but surely you 're not going to dismiss the many instances of us forces attacking native indians that did not/could not fight back , especially during the 1830-1911 period ? 
   a couple tinpot south american dictatorships excuse me ? 
  these tinpot dictatorships as you call them were backed by the us government ...  and compared a mind control program to live vivesection . 
  no actually i compared the forceful administration of lsd , sequestration and torture of us and canadian citizens by their own government to dr.mengele 's experiments . 
  ( for the purpose of researching mind control . 
  but i guess in your book it 's no big deal ? ), 
   anyway , i do n't deny the dark parts of american history . 
  but you do trivialize them apparently , which i why i find your claim dubious . 
  anyway i 'm not going into a `` us vs russia '' argument as this is what you seem to think this is , i support neither of these countries and have no interest in debating with someone who 's mind is clearly set . 
  seems like whataboutism to me . 
  [ the us do n't have clean hands either , you can ignore everything before the 1830-1911 period if you consider it too old for the us to be responsible . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_massacre#1830.e2.80.931911 ) [ if that 's too old for you too if can also cite the cia-backed dictatorships in south america , there 's a shit ton more in that article but since some of those operations were led against communist dictatorships instead of democratically elected governments so i 'll let you sort through it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions#brazil_1964 ) [ this one is pretty well-know too , dr.mengele would be proud . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_mkultra ) [ there is also this which i find pretty ironic . 
  since it 's not outright confirmed i guess you do n't have to believe it but let 's just say it would n't be a shock if it was true . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cia%e2%80%93al-qaeda_controversy ) the list goes on ... again : i am not trying to minimize anything the ussr did , i recognize fully that they were responsible for many atrocities and it is not my intention to defend them . 
  however what people should realize is that in geo-politics there are no `` good guys '' . 
  yeah and you 'll notice that when something bad is discovered about the us ( mass spying , secret cia torture facilities to cite recent examples ) the protests seem to die down rather quickly and it does n't take long for everyone to forget it/take it for granted . 
  i agree that what russia is doing right now is criminal btw , i 'm just tired of everyone thinking that the us are '' the good guys '' . 
  the 1945 and 2004 version are both wrong , and are also both the result of propaganda . 
  really i wish the common man was less gullible , it would prevent a lot of bloodshed . 
  the us has done its fair share of fucked up shit , they are just better at shoving them under the rug and dragging their enemies ' reputation through the mud instead . 
  it 's obviously the non-proper white catholic part duh . 
  apparently there 's a lot of catholics in latvia so you guys are fine maybe but we ca n't let them filthy heretics invade our most precious holy eu empire . 
  is eastern europe part of europe really part of europe though ? 
  seems kind of eurasian to me . 
   serbia : iron & steele [ damn . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steele_%28supercomputer%29 ), 
   we as a nation are absolutely against having anything except a sterile , safe environment that has been completely changed by man in almost all forms . 
  what 's the problem here ? 
  is the goal to fight overpopulation with deadly predators ? 
  interesting even though the terms are a bit too vague . 
  actually if you combine the military budget of all the eu member-states it would still be lower than what the us spends every year . 
  i find this article biased . 
  the soviets were not the only ones doing these type of atrocities , the second world war had almost twice as much civilian casualties than military ones . 
  really when you take into account the fact that victory day is coming up in russia it seems pretty clear that this article 's primary purpose is not to inform but simply throw some dirt on the russians . 
  it 's inconvenient when people do n't have the same opinion as you , i quite agree . 
  you know , it really does n't matter . 
  ignore the fact that it would be a huge pain in the ass to prove that you practice safe sex . 
  if someone was absolutely dead set on giving his blood ( i do n't even see how someone could be obsessed with such a thing , one of the reason i think this debate is senseless ) he could just lie about his sexuality . 
  it 's not like the doctors could analyze him and say '' you 're lying !, 
  we have found the gay gene in your dna !, 
  police , seize this man !, 
  in the end it 's been shown that gay men have a higher chance of carrying stds , the why or how does n't really matter . 
  it 's not a goddamn political debate it 's about minimizing the risk of blood receiver getting infected by contaminated blood . 
  the only reason this debate exists is because some idiots believe that this is merely about discriminating homosexuals and that 's all they need to make noise about it . 
  i 'll admit i 'm not really informed on all the various types of stds , but if you caught hiv at some point you 'll still have it 30 years later . 
  ( i 'm just taking this one example but honestly i 'm just not sure whether or not most stds are incurable . ), 
  and frankly it 's not like we 're talking about basic human rights here . 
  is a gay man being oppressed if he 's told he ca n't donate blood because he has a heightened chance of carrying an std ? 
  i personally put the safety of the blood receiver before the desire of a small portion of the population to give blood . 
  it 's been proven by studies that gay men are much more likely to be carrying stds than others . 
  [ here is an article about it ] ( http://www.dondusang.net/rewrite/article/4271/dons-de-sang/les-contre-indications-au-don-de-sang/pourquoi-les-rapports-sexuels-entre-hommes-sont-une-contre-indication-au-don-de-sang.htm?idrubrique=980 ) , it 's in french but it should be readable with google translate . 
  a study run in 2010 found that about 6 in 100,000 heterosexual men had the hiv virus . 
  this numbers jumps to 758 in 100,000 amongst homosexual men . 
  they 're not being excluded because they are gay . 
  as nyxisto said , they 're turning this into a political issue . 
  i imagine that what is going through the head of those responsible goes something like this : '' a law that singles out gays ? 
  it must be blatant homophobia , there is no other possible reason !!! '', 
  seems like these people 's twisted views of equality is more important than preventing blood receivers from getting infected with potentially lethal diseases . 
  you 're right , this has probably nothing to do with russia or the situation in ukraine . 
  sounds good on paper . 
  whether or not this will work is another matter entirely . 
  and this is a good thing ? 
  we have to depend on a foreign power to defend the eu from it 's neighbors , seems ironic when people keep going on about their `` national sovereignty '' . 
  ah so defense is already covered , huh ? 
  please explain why american soldiers are currently stationed in eastern europe to defend eu member states . 
   france does n't want wallonia + brux . 
  citation needed ? 
  i remember when the belgium could n't form a government during 2010-11 and people were seriously talking about splitting the country , a poll was run in france to see how many would agree with wallonia joining france , the response was very much positive . 
  actually now that you mention it i barely notice the large jet engines while inside a passenger plane so i have to guess they 're very well insulated against sound . 
  louder than usual compared to what ? 
  i had a few fighter jets fly at low altitude above me once and the noise was absolutely deafening . 
  ( although i guess the plane must dampen the sound somewhat . ), 
  damn do you imagine how much noise there must be for the people on the klm aircraft ? 
  i bet video-games turned him into a terrorist !, 
  after all games are known to make people violent !!, 
  yeah that 's a nice idea but in a country with millions of people you will never ever find a compromise that suits everyone . 
  so the next best way is to let the people vote . 
  i 'm not really sure what you call a `` pure democracy '' but pretty much every choice that matters is decided by the majority ( election , referendum ) or by politicians who are elected by the majority . 
  see croatia where the majority voted to keep marriage as a union between a man and a woman , no matter how much you disagree implementing gay marriage at that point would be undemocratic because it means you 're ignoring what the majority thinks . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  that 's the basic principle of a democracy ... 
  but what about philae ? 
  what up with the picture ? 
  it 's completely unrelated . 
  if current trend continues integration will bring the countries closer , maybe we 'll have a fiscal union and even a small shared military . 
  what happens to russia is also going to affect things greatly . 
  that 's the motto of the french republic but it 's unrelated to the tricolor . 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  the reason people are downvoting you is probably that pretty much every discussion about ttip involves isds , so the fact that you talk about supporting ttip , and calling those who oppose it `` looneys '' , while not even knowing what isds is makes you look like you 're talking out of your ass . 
  next up in the line of typically european sports : world wars . 
  `` important '' is pretty vague . 
  the combined member-states of the eu might have more economic might than the us but the fact is that we still squabble over a lot of unimportant stuff . 
  so yeah , the eu has a lot of money , but does n't have the executive power to make use of it .
