  ( btw , did this analyst say why putin would do something like invade ukraine if he wanted a pan european security alliance ? 
  seems a bit non-sensical to me . ), 
  i guess putin is now reassured that the west wo n't do anything to save ukraine so he can just troll as much as he wants . 
  he may be right . 
  well i see it the opposite way . 
  if the core eu is successful , i think it would make other countries willing to go through with the increased integration . 
  nobody said that this core eu should be rigid , new member-states could be let in . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  it 's obvious , in a eu with 28 members , that finding a compromise that will suit everyone is very tedious and long . 
  if some countries are willing to go ahead with the political/economic integration , it seems like it would make everyone happy . 
  edit : punctuation, 
  i agree with the article , the response by the west so far has been unsatisfactory . 
  but i think the situation is a bit too complicated for a simple `` either/or '' type of response . 
  in geopolitics , you ca n't think with a `` either/or '' logic . 
  russia might get mad if we misbehave and than we lose our monies making military deal . 
  well he is being very aggressive about it these last few days , with the `` novorossiya '' thing and now implying that kazakhstan is not a state ( something he said about ukraine a while back , so yeah ... ), 
  what 's up with all the putin bashing around here ? 
  it 's obvious that these jets accidentally crossed the border and accidentally attacked that boat . 
  you guys need to take off your tinfoil hats . 
  ( btw if these were really russian jets attacking ukrainian boats we 'll prob hear about it soon enough , i 'd like to hear putin explain everyone how the separatist acquired fighter jets and the training to use them . ), 
  so did putin just decide it was time for the soviet union to make a comeback all of a sudden ? 
  do n't worry , the 600 nato troops in eastern europe will be an unyielding iron wall to the russian advance . 
  it 's not a rare occurence for the president to adress the nation on tv in france , usually to talk about current issues ( most often just one big speech on something like reduction of unemployment , growth , etc. . ), 
  the title of the article is not a quote . 
  i never touched on whether or not the title was appropriate , i just said it was a hyperbole and explained why i thought so . 
  so if you knew this already , what was the point of your first post ? 
  it seemed to me like you were justifying the title somewhat , or were you just stating that it was a quote for no reason ? 
  it 's still a hyperbole and probably designed to attract clicks . 
  his explanation that just because ukraine wants to join the eu makes us practically at war with russia is fallacious , and if we wanted to intervene against russia we could have justified it easily a long time ago . 
  it 's just the big three are n't interested , so nothing happens . 
  exactly what kind of political solution involves no escalation with russia ? 
  and what point of no return is he talking about ? 
  russia is effectively invading ukraine right now , the only escalation possible is intervention by the west . 
  hyperbolic title , ukraine is not part of the eu and we have n't done much to stop russia exept trade sanctions which it does n't care about . 
  the concept of a federal europe is poorly defined , no one really knows what it would/should be . 
  what i know is that it 's not going to be the united states of america : european edition , as i 've seen some people think . 
  edit : i should add that i 'm in favor of a federal eu . 
  http://country-balls.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/country-balls-france-and-germany-at-war.png relevent, 
  neither hawk nor dove here , but amphibious assault ships . 
  i do n't support the tyrrany of stalin , but as far as i 'm concerned it 's not him who won the war , but the people who fought on the ground and the 18 to 24 million people who died ( in the ussr alone ) , even though they might have done it for the wrong people . 
  your comment was pretty clear : you think russia ( edit : or rather , the soviet union ) should not have been considered one of the victors in the second world war ( unless you meant something else by `` rewarded '' but i fail to see what it could be ... ) because they were initially allied with nazi germany , correct ? 
  and yes , i 'm sorry for my last statement , which was pretty judgemental . 
  but i 've seen several americans think that their nation won the second world war single-handedly and what you said sounded pretty ignorant to me at first . 
  they suffered horrendous ammount of casualties to the axis during the second world war . 
  please do n't believe that the second world war was won single-handedly by the us . 
  absolutely 100 % yes . 
  i believe a federal eu would be the best option for current and future issues . 
  i 'm also someone who is opposed to nationalism so the formation of a federation from a region with a past like europe would be a nice symbolic gesture . 
  however i may be stating the obvious but the eu will need serious reforms before we can do something like this . 
  i would also like to tackle the popular arguments against a federal eu and give my opinion on them : we would lose our culture : why ? 
  i do n't understand what this means , there is no such thing as a european culture and no reason why anyone would be forced to give up their culture . 
  even the us which has always flaunted the `` melting pot '' idea where different cultures would merge into one has signicant differences between the east/west/etc ... 
  it would be less democratic as the power would be further away from the people : this argument is correct in theory but i do n't like it because if you take it to it 's conclusion the best regime is anarchy as it is the most democratic ( in theory ) . 
  every individual rules themselves and only themselves . 
  the eu is run by technocrats/is corrupt/etc ... : i agree , the eu must be deeply reformed and made much more democratic to be a federal government . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that 's obvious to everyone . 
  national politicians do n't understand the concept of a `` united european '' anything unfortunately . 
  i really ca n't predict what will happen , what may seem like common sense to the average person is usually different than what goes on in geopolitics . 
  anyway they seem stubbornly set on completing that contract and still pretend that the invasion in ukraine is not yet confirmed ( when in reality they obviously knew before most thanks to their intel network . ), 
  the deepest concerns you will have ever seen . 
  the article talks about why they are so obstinate about completing the contract . 
  it would damage france 's reputation as an arms seller and the government is worried it might affect the huge 126 fighter jet deal with india . 
  next up , vatican city provides warships to ukraine in order to retake the crimean peninsula . 
  the eu is an organisation comprising 28 countries , it has no power when it comes to military matter , it 's up to the member-states to set up these kind of things . 
  and seeing as it is eastern europe that is the most threatened by russia , they should be the ones lobbying hard for an eu foreign policy . 
  unless they 're content being dependent on the us for defence , but i do n't think that 's an enviable solution . 
  well ... does n't that prove my point though ? 
  the big three do n't want to enter in a conflict with russia over ukraine for some reason , so nothing happens . 
  now in eastern europe you 're stuck asking help from uncle sam , great situation is n't it ? 
  oh and do n't assume just because i am french i support everything my government does , quite the opposite in fact . 
  itt : us doing more to intimidate russia in the face of their blatant invasion than the neighboring eu nations , who nonetheless remain deeply concerned . 
  really frustrating : /, 
  the eu must be given an armed force that can be used without months of squabbling between member states about what to do and how to do it . 
  as it stands unless france and the uk ( with big help from the us usually ) does everything it 's practically impossible to organise any kind of defence on the european level . 
  for now the only weapon we will procure to the ukrainians to repel the russians is our deep concern ... 
  well you know i just said cold fusion because i knew it was a thing that was better than regular fusion in theory , but now that i looked it up i realize its not really taken seriously at all ... my mistake . 
  :p but yeah , getting regular fusion to work would already be a huge step forward . 
  [ deepconcern intensifies ] seriously , is this the geopolitical version of trolling ? 
  only 1.8 millions workers in france are unionized ... 
  i do n't think that qualifies as `` most '' source : http://debats.terrafemina.com/societe/772-les-syndicats-representent-ils-encore-les-salaries ( it 's in french , use google translator if you do n't believe me but it clearly says only 1.8 million people are unionized in france ), 
  if only , hollande is not that type of person though . 
  i should mention , these workers union only represent 4 % of the population and look out for their own interests before those of the workers they 're supposed to protect . 
  i 'm not even sure why we listen to them ... 
  and this is why we ca n't do reforms . 
  unions freak the fuck out whenever the government even suggest that they could maybe work a little bit more . 
  erm ... best way to get those who support you to help : threaten them ? 
  i do n't think that 's advisable ... 
  if this happens and nato starts fighting russian troops in ukraine , then what ? 
  third world war , russia demands the troop leave or they will launch nukes ? 
  or do they simply keep fighting and pretend nothing is happening ? 
  this whole war/rebelling/revolution / intervention/thing is very awkward ... 
  i 'm 100 % with you , but i think the us likes the eu the way it is : fragmented and unable to do anything because it has no executive power . 
  now it 's true that several european countries are suffering from economic and political problems andthat is probably playing a big part in it . 
  but the reaction of the eu has been severely underwhelming so far . 
  as always , the eu is an economic giant and a political dwarf . 
  i agree a lot of european countries do n't take defense seriously enough . 
  and really it would be a bit silly to have 28 different armies in the eu . 
  i think if all these countries invested into a unified eu army it would be much , much more efficient than the mess we currently have , and better than having to rely on a foreign country like they do with nato . 
  this idea is n't new , but the uk gov. 
  ( maybe others ?
