his campaign was built around bashing sarkozy , which worked because everyone hated him at the time . 
  i find it ironic that he became much more unpopular ( poll-wise ) than sarkozy ever was . 
  do n't be fooled , if hollande is saying that it 's be cause he knows that he will never get re-elected at this rate ( sub 20 % approval rate for one thing ) . 
  power clan best clan . 
  `` greenpeace denied any involvement in the piloting of these mysterious drones . '', 
  `` among the other nuclear sites that greenpeace claims were targeted '' so ... how would you know which site the drones flew over if you had nothing to do with it ? 
  if the eu is to function , everyone has to submit to the same set of rule . 
  not following the rule just because france is a big and influential country in the eu is the worst thing fran\u00e7ois hollande could do . 
  you 're talking about the in/out of the eu referendum right ? 
  because i do n't think that will really affect the elections at all , eu popularity is low atm ( for a number of reason , but i suspect one of them is that our politicians always blame it for their shortcomings ... ) but the fn is not really about euroscepticism but more about nationalism ( the former is part of the latter but the distinction is important ) . 
  the economic problems , need for reforms and the rise of unemployment are something we hear much more about though , so yes i think it will play a big role in the elections . 
  if he is elected president of the ump party he will definitely present himself in the elections . 
  a lot of people do n't like him but in that situation it 's quite probable that he will be against marine le pen in the second round of voting , and i still think he would be elected in that scenario . 
  well it still a bit too early to tell here in france imo . 
  but what i do know is that we probably wo n't be seeing the socialist party for a few years after the catastrophe of fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  better dead than red . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulk2e_qxyac eddy malou could n't find an english subbed version , but if you understand it , it 's brilliant . 
  http://www.latimes.com/food/dailydish/la-dd-france-biggest-wine-producer-20141023-story.html take that you filthy france hater !, 
  btw i did mean the biggest producer , not the first one to produce it , if that was n't clear . 
  who the fuck is the idiot who made this ? 
  he did n't include any wine bottles ?!, 
  did he forget that france is the first producer of wine worldwide ?!!!, 
  i am so tired of this disrespect of french culture by the vile anglosphere who always try to make france look bad . 
  huh , makes me wonder why the idea of an eu federation does n't really get taken seriously when a majority of people in a lot of countries think this is what we should do . 
  ( assuming that this poll is legitimate and not `` biased '' ), 
  i swear every photo i see of nigel farage is him holding a glass of beer and displaying his trademark joker smile . 
  is n't this a strange place to ask ? 
  anyway , in french '' \u00e9lan '' means to have momentum ( or moose , but i do n't think that 's what you mean :p ) . 
  however in english it seems it does n't mean the same thing . 
  oxford dictionary says it represents `` energy , style , and enthusiasm '' , and they use the phrase `` they performed with uncommon \u00e9lan onstage '' as an example . 
  actually it 's just a spelling mistake . 
  i 'm confused , both best and worst rated comments are french stereotypes joke . 
  i did n't read through the whole list but a lot of stuff seem really minor . 
  on the first page , one of the `` accidents '' is screws that were n't properly secured on an auxiliary system ... 
  yes , we can obviously see the extreme distress and struggle of the woman as the man forces himself violently unto her . 
  what i said was aimed more at the second part of your statement , actually . 
   american economic power today is much greater than when it democratised germany and japan . 
  wtf did i just read, 
  that 's not really his fault , that coup was lead by 3 disgruntled generals who did n't agree with the way the war with algeria was being handled . 
  they were gaullists and wanted de gaulle to come back to the presidency ( he had left politics for a decade at this point ) . 
  actually the entire coup became possible because the government was dissolved around that time ( something very frequent with the 4th republic , it was notoriously unstable . ), 
  when the rebellious generals threatened to start a putsch in paris ( the coup had been limited to algeria up to that point ) the president gave in to the pressure and called on to de gaulle to form a new republic and be it 's first president . 
  it was that or risk having special forces loyal to the rogue generals take over by force , and who knows where that would have gone ... ( btw de gaulle is actually legally reelected in 1965 , so it 's not like he was a dictator . ), 
  i 'm going to get shot down for this , but if the russian population has '' a particularly homophobic culture . '', 
  like the author is saying then i do n't see why we should force our values on them and then think of russians as morally inferior because they do n't share them . 
  if the russians want gay rights then either they will do something about it or , if they do n't care enough to do what is necessary , they wo n't . 
  relevant : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cherbourg_project tl ; dr : israeli special forces steal 3 missile boats from a french dock . 
  these boats had been ordered by the israeli government and the payment had been made but the french government did not deliver them because of an arms embargo . 
  the boats sail all around western europe and the british let them through at gibraltar despite knowing who they were and they reach israel safely . 
  the us swiftly starts selling them their military hardware after the incident because obviously the french were n't going to keep doing business with israel at this point . 
  is the us trying to spy on us ?!, 
  am i the only one who is n't even sure what this sentence means ? 
  here is an up to date map of active nuclear plants in france : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/nuclear_power_plants_map_france-fr_2.svg/1024px-nuclear_power_plants_map_france-fr_2.svg.png, 
  breton is very much alive ( well , as alive as a dialect can be in france , in 2007 it was estimated that 5 % of the population in brittany spoke breton . ), 
  this map is kind of misleading because it suggest that dialects of a region are the main spoken language . 
  this guy has no idea what he 's talking about , you may like or hate sarkozy , but comparing him to lepen is ridiculous . 
  seems logical to me , people born and raised with the eu around will probably be more tolerant of it than those who witnessed it 's construction . 
   the pause in decades of espionage , which remains partially in effect , was designed to give cia officers time to examine whether they were being careful enough i read this as '' we 're just stopping until we figure out a way to not get caught . '', 
  when he was in power , his popularity rating became very low , and people though it was scandalous that he remained in power while so unpopular ( ca n't remember the exact number , but he was at around 20-30 % approval rating at his lowest ) . 
  funnily enough hollande has turned out to be much more unpopular . 
  it would be pretty funny , in a sad way , if the only promise hollande managed to keep was the bad one . 
  some eu countries have already said they would definitely veto scottish application to the eu , it would create a big precedent for the already existing independence movement . 
  i had no idea the british media was biased against scottish independence . 
   the problem for the scots , though , is if they vote '' yes '' next week , they will not get independence . 
  rather , they are voting for rule by brussels . 
  as mr cameron has brutally discovered , no eu member is truly independent . 
  expected article about scotland , left disappointed ... 
  good to see that germany has n't gone the route of dirty polluting nuclear energy in favor of good ol' clean and natural oil . 
  itt : people being proud of being spied on by their governments, 
   eu ca n't compete with usa . 
  usa is one country . 
  that 's my point , i believe the eu should become a federation . 
  yes france has a credible military , but france also has about the same gdp as california . 
  really the only reason i care about a european defense is that it would bring the eu countries closer together . 
  i think that if we remain divided like we are right now , the eu will become irrelevant in the near future in the face of giants like the us , bric , etc. 
  it 's true , the us is not directly to blame for this , but they indirectly cause this situation in europe . 
  i ca n't divine what their real interests are , but i know that nato will always be the excuse to avoid making a credible european defense , and as such , i am against it . 
  see my earlier post , the us is preventing military integration in europe by having such a heavy presence there , it does n't really give any incentives for the eu countries with poor armies to improve them at all . 
  and honestly what is going to come about from the us moaning about military spending ? 
  what are they going to do ? 
  quit nato ? 
  to me it seems like it is aimed at appeasing the us citizens who think the us spends too much on nato rather than seriously encouraging the eu to increase military spending . 
  if they actually wanted to do that it could be very easily done by simply withdrawing from europe and telling the eu '' you 're on your own now . '', 
  oh and i do n't think it 's solely the us 's fault , i do blame our politicians too for being so content with the current status quo . 
  and finally i do not `` want '' a nato with a different leader . 
  i simply believe that the eu should not be dependent on the us when it comes to defense . 
  france imports most of its uranium from canada and niger . 
  source : http://energytransition.de/2013/05/uranium-imports/, 
  earlier you said : `` it is n't like being a member makes your military owned by usa . '', 
  well i disagree . 
  while the bigger members have competent military , the small ones rely way too much on the protection of nato , the baltic states being the most glaring example of this ( they have no airforce at all . ), 
  and i think it 's a problem that these small states rely on the us military so much instead of integrating with neighboring eu armies . 
  that is why i think nato should be / should have been dissolved ( i do n't even know why it continued to exist after the collapse of the soviet union , it really had no reason to go on at that point . ), 
   i 'm sure ukraine wished they were in nato at the moment and  estonia and lithuania have people living there that might disagree with you on account of recent incidents . 
  sure , but do you think their stance would change if instead of nato it was a military alliance with the us ? 
  nato is an organization largely ran and and funded by the us . 
  you could call it a military alliance , but for most members it 's just a club that you join to be protected by the us . 
  our brilliant politicians know this , why would they increase military spending ? 
  they know the us is here to protect them , and even though they whine from time to time about military spending it 's obvious they wo n't dissolve nato . 
  as a result , it 's pretty likely that no kind of military integration will happen in the eu as long as nato exists .
