  maybe i 'm just too cynic but i do n't believe anyone would do something so dangerous . 
  the leopard probably has the ability to brake like this but i bet there was a cable or some other device to stop the tank , just in case . 
  also with the recent event in ukraine probably make that comparison between the eu and the soviet union kinda awkward . 
  i 'm not an expert in the domain but the eiffel tower has been used as a radio tower from the beginning of the 20th century . 
  did you see the pictures posted above ? 
  there 's literally nothing left except many , many small plane parts scattered on a mountain . 
  i do n't see how anyone could have survived this . 
  he 's not the hero that finland needs , but he 's the hero finland deserves . 
  that 's true . 
  but she does carry the baggage of her father , jean-marie le pen , who was an extremist looney . 
  one of his more famous quote was '' the concentration camps are a detail in history '' . 
  the real elections are going to happen next week-end , this was just the first round , although i expect the results will be similar . 
  [ `` starting in the early 17th century , the royal standard of france became a plain white flag as a symbol of purity '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_flag#ancien_r.c3.a9gime_in_france ) it 's both . 
  the revolution at first wanted a constitutional monarchy which is probably why they introduced this royal symbol into the revolutionary flag . 
  the modern french flag was invented during the revolution . 
  the blue and red band are the traditional colors of paris ( which themselves have a pretty deep history ) , the white band is a symbol of purity . 
  it 's pretty funny when you know how centralized around paris the country is . 
  even the national flag is an adaptation of the parisian flag . 
  interesting fact : on french navy ships the red band is slightly wider than the other two , this is to create the effect that they have the same width when the flag is fluttering in the wind . 
  huh i did n't know the capital of moldova was `` chi\u00c8 \u2122 in\u00c4\u0192u ? 
  not sure if amused or creeped out . 
  literally or figuratively ? 
  because it is the biggest country in the world , with a surface area larger than pluto . 
  so i 'd say it 's quite big actually . 
   a telescope to peer back to the universe 's ` dark ages ' , the time before the first stars were formed . 
  is it me or does every other telescope launched does this according to the media ? 
  i wish they were more accurate . 
   the aiib , which was created in october by 21 countries , led by china , will fund asian energy , transport and infrastructure projects . 
  could anyone explain to me what western countries gain by joining this bank ? 
  you mean there are countries larger than some european states ? 
  why i never ... 
  am i missing something ? 
  i though eu currency did n't depict anything real on them in order to avoid offending anyone , and now they want to make a battle of waterloo coin ? 
  what 's up with that ? 
  it shows that the eu can not defend itself without the us . 
  a sad state of affair . 
  i like the fact that he did n't even look at it beforehand , or even better that he did but did n't realize that it was france . 
   what is going to keep the army under civilian control . 
  the fact that no one is going to use it for anything without the agreement of a majority , if not unanimity , of all member states ? 
  again , why do you think the eu commission would have the ability to do anything with that army ? 
  you can just read the top comment and its replies for an idea of it . 
  i 'm not a general , i ca n't tell you how a hypothetical eu army could or should be organized . 
  you make it sound like if this was to happen the eu commission would suddenly be given total control of an eu wide army and juncker will say `` eurocorps , execute order 66 '' and take over the entire continent . 
  i just do n't understand how you can come to this conclusion . 
   an intergovernmental army corps of approximately 1,000 soldiers now we just need to make it more than a symbolic showpiece . 
  military spending alone means nothing . 
  cyprus spends about as much of its gdp on military as france . 
  who do you think has the more potent army ? 
  the point is efficiency first and foremost obviously , the eu as a whole has more soldier than the us , but they are scattered in a bunch of different armies with varying amounts of funding and completely different equipments . 
  you seriously think that a hypothetical eu army would be completely under the control of the eu commission ? 
   google , `` the empty chair crisis ' . 
  i 'm not sure how that is relevant ? 
  this is something that happened over 40 years ago and our politicians today are nothing like de gaulle . 
  do you hear it ? 
  the sound of the english press going nuclear . 
  there are plenty of non-physical jobs over-represented by women too , you know . 
  this really has nothing to do with men being more apt physically on average than women . 
   the focus has always been on white collar type jobs , management positions , things that mostly involve thinking and decision making as opposed to manual labour . 
  and why 's that ? 
  are the only jobs worthy of parity those that have good pay and are prestigious ? 
  is this about making women and men equal in society or just furthering the role of women in society ? 
  one could conclude that it is the latter seeing how it 's only in these high-ranking management jobs that people go on and on about how bad inequality is . 
  that 's probably the case , and it 's hypocritical in my opinion . 
  it seems like only desirable jobs must be subject to parity . 
   it 's because if there are women at the top they will be in a position to affect change . 
  maybe i 'm jaded and cynical but i do n't believe that for an instant . 
  it just seems like hypocrisy to me . 
  i thought the point was for men and women to be equal in society , but the only professions where people are clamoring for equality are the ones that are desirable , as if those that were n't are not worth being equal . 
  this probably stems from a `` if you 're not with us you 're against us '' mentality that a lot of people seem to have . 
  why senior business management , is that the only sector where people are interested in parity ? 
  because there are a bunch of other professions , most of them quite a lot less prestigious , that are dominated by one gender and i do n't see anyone talking about that . 
   the governments of the eu and the us do n't really care about the suffering of the ukrainian people themselves , what matters to them [ ... ] i do n't know , it just seems pretty obvious that `` them '' means the governments to me . 
  how would you have worded it ? 
  lol do you think i represent my country ? 
  i mentioned the eu as well in my post which includes france as far as i know . 
  right . 
  but how much of that is going to the people ? 
  the article itself states that this aid package is supposed to help prevent the ukrainian government from defaulting , it does n't mention any of it going to help refugees or whatnot . 
   rly how many donation site have you set up ? 
  how much non lethal aid have you sent ? 
  im pretty sure american donations completely outweigh yours . 
  how about you quote the entire sentence instead of taking one bit out of context to make it sound bad ? 
  i specifically mentioned governments , i 'm not talking about the people . 
  i feel for you . 
  you should know that the governments of the eu and the us do n't really care about the suffering of the ukrainian people themselves , what matters to them is the geostrategical and geopolitical consequences of this conflict and how they can shape it to their advantage ( not like russia is any better since , you know , they invaded your country ) . 
   there are now countries in the eu who want to support nuclear energy with state money , with tax money . 
  we consider that as absolutely out of the question meanwhile in france 75 % of the energy produced is produced by nuclear reactors and nuclear energy itself is widely supported by the french people . 
  if these politicians go into these negotiations with statements like these ones do n't be surprised if nothing gets achieved , you have to be ready to make concessions when it comes to anything that affects the entire eu . 
  i guess i was just hoping it would rebound against the people on the sidewalk and soak them . 
  i believe the eu started this themselves by being so secretive about the negotiations . 
  some would say that this secrecy was justified , but nevertheless people assumed it was because of some scary clause that they did n't want the people to know about . 
  so . . what happens once it starts raining ? 
  yeah ok maybe `` insignificant '' is too strong a word but you get the idea . 
  our energy comes mainly from nuclear reactors . 
  he 's talking about electricity exports , he did n't say how that electricity is produced . 
  we 're the country with the biggest percentage of our energy coming from nuclear power , [ renewable energy is insignificant in our country ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7e/electricity_in_france.svg/600px-electricity_in_france.svg.png ) . 
  i agree with this , i just think people should remember that there are no `` good guys '' when it comes to conflicts like these and that [ the us is also capable of doing things which are n't that dissimilar from what russia does today ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1973_chilean_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) . 
  although it 's true they 've calmed down since . 
  not sure if sarcastic but it 's the first thing that came to mind , nowhere did i suggest this is how it should be called . 
  depends on how it 's done .
