   `` evolution '' does n't follow a `` breed at all cost '' logic as many people wrongly assume then please explain to all of us what logic evolution follows . 
  i 'll give you my argument . 
  beyond all the emotional nonsense sexual attraction is nothing more than a mechanism that emerged through natural selection in order to get us to breed because that 's what survival is all about . 
  so if you end up attracted to something other than the opposite sex that 's an anomaly , it 's counter productive survival wise since you wo n't be naturally inclined to breed . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  i do n't believe homosexuals are inferior to others , however i just do n't share the view that homosexuality is a `` good '' thing . 
  for me it 's abnormal behavior . 
  [ i think it looks alright ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/coq-gaulois-dore.jpg ) . 
  i do n't know if you speak french but here is an article from the larousse : http://www.larousse.fr/dictionnaires/francais/cocorico/168 how about you do some research before accusing others of spreading falsehoods ? 
  took me literally 3 minutes to find this . 
  not really , i was just pointing out how fallacious it was to call most of the eu shitty because same sex marriage had been forced on texas . 
  yeah , except there is no way texas would have voted this if it had n't been decided on a federal level . 
  it 's because the french national animal is the [ gallic rooster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallic_rooster ) , it 's kinda like the bald eagle in the us but not nearly as popular . 
  in france it 's a word that is associated with nationalistic tendencies . 
  great leaders are a thing of the past . 
  nobody can be great when everything they do and say is over-analyzed by millions of people . 
  it 's a rhetorical question which implies that these people protest against gay unions not because they want to show that they are opposed to it but because they have a `` sad sex life '' . 
  because it 's a fallacy ? 
  essentially it 's the same thing as dismissing someone 's opinion because he is gay . 
  you may not agree with those who are homophobic and that 's fine , opinions are subjective but fallacious arguments are always wrong . 
  better not to know then . 
  the truth is we 've got enough problems of our own to deal with the most troubled continent in the world . 
  and i 'm not sure africans themselves would want this , what you 're suggesting reminds me a bit of our previous attempts at `` civilizing '' africa , also known as colonization . 
  you seem to be under the impression that the eu , or indeed anyone , can go into africa and magically fix all the problems there so that the natives wo n't want to emigrate anymore . 
  putain on its own means whore ( although no one uses the word like that nowadays ) , but it can also be used as an exclamation . 
  he says `` putain '' which you might translate as `` fuck ! '', 
  in that context . 
  he says that because he just heard the other cop say that he got knocked off his bike on the radio . 
  yeah , he even says at the end that they 're out of tear-gas grenades and he 's asking for reinforcements . 
  seems to me the only thing he 's go to keep that huge crowd at bay is a can of pepper spray ( well he 's probably also got a sidearm but i do n't think he 's just going to start shooting into the crowd unless his life is in danger ) . 
  anyway i 'd be scared shitless . 
   provokes anl reaction . 
  i 'm just going to assume you meant `` anal reaction '' . 
  it 's fine if they want to spy on russia 's and china 's military , it 's part of war . 
  but really the reason snowden defected was because of the mass and indiscriminate spying done on the civilian population of the us and the eu , not because he wanted to blow some spies ' cover in russia or china . 
  so if the byproduct of this is that some spies had their cover blown then i have to say i do n't exactly feel sympathetic . 
  maybe next time these spy agencies will think it over before grossly violating the privacy of millions of people ? 
  ( hahaha no they wo n't ), 
  even then , is this supposed to make us duslike snowden ? 
  maybe if they were n't spying indiscriminately on entire populations their staff woud n't defect in order to expose the shit they 're doing . 
  in my opinion , profit will drive space development much faster than simply doing it for the advancement of human kind ( not saying it 's an inferior purpose , but that 's just how i see human nature ) . 
  as nacos said we have our own emergency numbers in france but most people wo n't recognize them , whereas everyone knows about 911 . 
  is this for real ? 
  i wonder if this is the telegraph 's way to signal the world that they 've been taken hostage by terrorists , like when you call 911 and pretend you 're ordering a pizza because you 're not safe . 
  no what i meant was the whole extremist party that nobody thinks is going to win but pulls out at the last second . 
  same thing with the fn , they promise the moon to the people , like all other politicians i suppose , but they do n't actually have any coherent policies except `` fuk migrants '' . 
  the scenario mentioned in the article sounds eerily like what 's going in france at the moment with marine le-pen . 
  hopefully it does n't come to that . 
  it 's open to debate , we 're centrally located in the continent and there are great differences between the south and the north ( and even the east and west ) of the country . 
  you could settle for a half-measure and call it western or central really because it does n't squarely fit in southern or northern europe . 
  nato is pretty much an american organizations so i 'd say they get both . 
  probably just did n't bother to send one or deemed it unnecessary . 
  look at the french navy , they only sent a tanker and a mine hunting ship developed 40 years ago . 
  i think some nation just did n't really care about that exercise . 
  your fleet is nothing before the mighty finalnd armada . 
  the names are only vaguely related to geography . 
  for example france is considered western europe and spain southern europe even though it 's further west than france . 
  i 'm kinda puzzled . 
  this was posted a month ago and talks more about the us and one city in france than europe as a whole , meanwhile i ca n't actually find the quote in your title in the article . 
  would she lie in order to make the morrocan goverment look bad ? 
  this looks to be greenpeace level of stupidity . 
  tbh it looks like random crap strewn all over a lawn to me . 
  but maybe i do n't have an eye for art . 
  ca n't tell if serious . 
  anyway guys remember : an apple a day keeps the corrupt italian at bay . 
  the point of a two speed europe is to have different levels of integration . 
  countries like france and germany would integrate further while the uk stays where it 's at right now . 
  why should the uk have a veto in something it 's not taking a part in ? 
  that 's like the us getting veto rights on eu matters . 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it i 'm afraid . 
  if the uk wants veto powers it must also accept further integration . 
  france is the most visited country in the world with 84.7 millions tourists in 2013 ( which only accounts for those who spent a least a night in france ) . 
  if you look at that post above yours you 'll see that it 's the country that makes the most money off tourism in the eu . 
  honestly this graph really does n't mean anything beyond how dependent these economies are on tourism . 
  this is stupid . 
  pretending all catholics/priests are pedophiles is the same as calling homosexuals inferior . 
  i think your map is correct . 
  the op 's looks like someone just copypasted australia from it 's original position without accounting for the distortion caused by the projection . 
   today germany has marriage for straights and benefits for gays . 
  both do the same thing . 
  i do n't see the problem then . 
  i mean , it 's not like you 're implying that a difference in name is comparable to racially motivated segregation which invaded all aspect of life such as services , facilities , public accommodations , housing , medical care , education , employment , and transportation . 
  right ? 
  is there any relevant differences between the two in germany or are you saying that just because it 's not called marriage it 's oppressing the gays ? 
  so maybe it 's the national governments that are the obstacle ? 
  `` elites '' is such a vague word . 
  did they say how they were going to go about this ? 
  i imagine that drone strikes would be a bit overkill to take out some old dinghies , yet if they came by sea the smugglers would see them coming and probably try to hide their boat . 
  this , although there were many regime change following the french revolution i 'd put the execution of louis xvi as the most important moment of france 's history . 
  anyone with a dissenting opinion would get mobbed anyway . 
   everybody knows it is not europe that will shape the 21st century . 
  the days when this continent ruled have long since passed . 
  gone even are the days when its values shaped the building of the global order . 
  i 'm kinda saddened by that attitude , if we got over our useless bickering we could do so much more . 
  about brexit : i do n't believe it will happen , once it gets close enough for most people to actually give the question some thought i believe the pro-eu side will win , hopefully with a wide enough margin that the issue will be resolved . 
  well when considering they developed nuclear power during the second world war i can see how it was a desirable region for both countries . 
  it 's a satiric drawing ... are we to assume that every person who presents the eu 's economy in a bad light is a russian shill ? 
  i see , well the article itself seems reasonable enough . 
  it 's called protectionism , and we 're not the only ones doing it . 
  what 's so special about that ?
