  nobody sensible is talking about discriminating anyone here , and nobody sensible is pretending that everything is fine and rosy as this post seems to be doing . 
  that 's pretty interesting since i do n't even mention ireland in my post but irish immigrants in the us . 
  you have demonstrated your ability to use sarcasm , well done . 
  now , do you actually have a point to make or is it just `` hurr durr far right amirite '' ? 
  comparing catholic/protestant irishmen in the us to muslims from mena in the eu is a gross oversimplification . 
  if people were willing and the laws allowed it you can be certain this is what would happen . 
  as it stands employing women when men cost the same and work more would simply make no business sense . 
  you 're just looking for reasons to get angry at this point . 
  none of the micro-states are represented because it would make the map unreadable , and only the state languages are shown because putting in every regional language would make the map unreadable . 
  that number is debatable , i 've seen sources that give much closer estimates . 
  [ example ] ( http://books.sipri.org/files/fs/siprifs1604.pdf ) : france 50,9 billion usd vs uk 55,5 billion usd . 
  people are n't ready for it , but it can only be beneficial in the long run . 
  first step is to avoid eurosceptics taking over the continent this year . 
  i know that my flair combined with the fact we 're talking about armed forces will doubtlessly start an e-peen war , but do you have any basis for what you seem to be stating as a fact ? 
  france has been very active in recent history in africa and elsewhere , taking part in many of the wars the uk has and more on its own . 
  apart from some slightly higher defence budget in the uk there 's nothing to suggest that the two armies are very different in terms of capabilities and experience . 
  in addition to what u/niikopol said , [ here is the video talking about these `` no-go zones '' ] ( https://video.foxnews.com/v/3983087833001/?#sp=show-clips ) . 
  warning : may cause premature brain cell death . 
  good to see the paris no-go zone is still going strong . 
  when i went to the netherlands and heard someone speak dutch the first time all i could hear was `` hrrr hrrr hrrr '' . 
  :p also , enough random english words in the middle of sentences to give the acad\u00e9mie a seizure . 
  as far as i know , they have n't ? 
  anyway , just to go into a bit more detail , it 's not the fake job itself which is punishable by law , but the embezzlement . 
  parliament members in france are given 9000 $ monthly which are intended to cover their professional expenses but can actually be used as they see fit . 
  in the case of a family member working for the parliamentarian , he or she can not receive more than half of that sum . 
  this means that if penelope fillon received half or less of the 9000 $ , even if her job was fake it would not be considered embezzlement . 
  actually he was * accused * of doing those things , but so far it 's not clear if it could be considered a fake job or not and furthermore it 's not even clear if it would be considered embezzlement if it was . 
  hamon is a socialist , whose party is dead in the water right now thanks to hollande , he 'll never make it . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is a bloody communist and the further he is from power the better everyone will be doing . 
  and my axe !, 
  both of these countries are not part of the eu , if an eu member-state was attacked and the us did not provide aid ( and nato does n't exist in this scenario ) it would be a big loss of face for the us and could seriously endanger the eu-us relations which is in nobody 's interests . 
  do you actually have anything to say beyond vague accusations ? 
  but that 's the thing , it 's not dangerous . 
  nuclear reactors around the world have been running for a cumulative 16,000 years and over that period only three major accidents have occurred , one of which was contained and did n't affect anyone . 
  people go on like every nuclear reactor could go the way of chernobyl or fukushima at any moment , but nobody mentions all the other nuclear reactor that have been running just fine without a hitch for years and years . 
  at that point i might as well start saying that wind turbines are dangerous because one might fall on me and kill me . 
  [ in 2013 germany 's co2 emission per capita was almost twice as high as france 's ( 9.2 metric tons vs 5.1 ) . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/en.atm.co2e.pc ) [ the trend since 1980 has been that france 's co2 emissions have been decreasing much faster than germany 's . 
  it is interesting to note that during this period nuclear power usage increased dramatically in france while it stagnated in germany . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita ) of course it can be argued that many different factors contribute to this number but since coal plants account for close to half of germany 's energy generation compared to 0 % in france , it is quite likely that there is a link between the two . 
  ( also do you really have to wait for people to provide you with facts on a silver platter to make an opinion for yourself ? 
  are you really arguing against nuclear power on a rational basis , or because it is against your ideology ? ), 
  so if we follow your example , you 'd refuse to adopt self-driving cars because planes might crash into them ? 
  until a serious risk is found it 's silly to base decision-making of this importance on bogeyman threats that you ca n't actually prove exist . 
   and there are better alternatives . 
  no excuses . 
  currently there is no practical alternative ( if ecology is your main concern , that is ) . 
  germany tried to get out of nuclear power with their energiewende policy and ended up building coal plants ... 
  irrelevant . 
  whoever the parti socialiste 's canditate is , he does n't stand a chance in the next election . 
   let 's be honest , the situations in which chernobyl happened would never happened in japan and it did n't . 
  fukushima did n't happen due to shoddy reactor and staff not following safety protocols , it happened because people thought it was a good idea to build a nuclear reactor in a country which is constantly being hit by earthquakes and tsunamis . 
  on the coast . 
  you seem to be under the impression that legalizing drugs is a major technological advance or something . 
  medical marijuana when other treatments are ineffective is perfectly reasonable to me , but that 's as far as i would take it . 
   or the airplane actually , i think airplanes during world war 2 are a prime example of wars as a driver of innovation . 
  when the second world war broke out biplanes were still being used and took part in the fighting during the early years of ww2 , 5 years later in germany the first operational jet fighter was introduced and four-engine heavy bombers capable of crossing oceans were being fielded in massive numbers . 
  now of course all of these were tools of war , but it would be dishonest to say that these advancements did n't have civilian applications after the war . 
  and honestly the leap of technology was so great in such a short time that i really doubt it would have been achieved without an event like ww2 providing a urgent need for constant innovation . 
  what are you on about ? 
  what clearly happened here is that the architect started drawing plans for the building , then he ragequit at some point and scribbled all over the blueprints in an act of frustration . 
  nobody told the workers unfortunately , so they had to manage with what was given to them . 
  looks like they built half a skyscraper , gave up , and then the bloody thing started melting in the sun or something . 
  you 're allowed to voice your opinion , as is everyone . 
  but when you 've got 60 + comments in this thread alone calling everyone who does n't agree with you far-right or `` undemocratic '' or whatever , do n't blame people for calling you obsessive or downright hysterical . 
  to be fair u/whitepalm85 has been attacking literally everyone in this post who is defending this , just look at his post history . 
  seems a little obsessive to me . 
   practical , positive and ** gentlemanly **  i 'd bang all of them if i could and they say chivalry is dead . 
   israel  convert to islam what, 
  in yuropean union , presidency gets you !, 
  claiming self-defence in france is a lot harder than it would be in a country like the us . 
  there are several criteria which have to be met in order to claim self-defence , the most important one is that your answer to the aggression must be proportional to the aggression itself . 
  this means that if her husband was beating her with his fist or something and she pulled out a gun and shot him it could not be considered self-defence under french law since the answer to the aggression would be deemed disproportional . 
  it 's silly , but that 's the way it is currently . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockbuster_bomb that 's what i imagine this bomb is . 
  relative poverty in romania : `` not sure i 'll be able to feed the family , but internet is so fast i can stream 4k vr porn 24/7 so i do n't care . '', 
  tell that to the people voting for le pen right now . 
  rule of law may be supreme but it can be easily modified by the government to suit its needs . 
  guess who 's going to be in charge of that if the front national wins ? 
  of course the fact that they have citizenship grants them rights ( and responsibilities ) , but it does n't affect the way they are perceived by the rest of the french population . 
  that 's determined by the way they act in society and right now muslims in france have the reputation of a poorly integrated , overly religious group . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  are we supposed to let these people come to our country and do whatever they want out of some misguided colonial guilt ? 
  again , it does n't matter where they come from or what their legal status is really . 
  what really matters is that they come to live in france but refuse to integrate in the country 's culture , this is what makes people vote for the likes of le pen . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic , but being legally french does n't mean anything if you still live as though you were in your country of origin ( or the one of your parent or w/e ) and reject the values of the french people . 
  `` pure language '' is pretty much an oxymoron since language is perpetually in a state of flux . 
  hell , you could argue that even among people who we say speak the same language every single person is speaking a different dialect since each individual will have a slightly different perception of the same word . 
  also i ca n't really picture myself studying about `` firststuffs '' without laughing my ass off tbh . 
  more like `` the income of 40-50 % of the population pays for the education , justice and defence of everyone else . 
  oh yeah and also some to fund the luxurious lifestyle of government officials . 
  ca n't be having hollande the normal president go without his 10 000 $ hairdresser , now can we ? '', 
  again , french mentality : instead of fixing our hugely inefficient public institutions and reducing our deficit , let 's just tax the rich !, 
  which tells you all you need to know about the mentality of my average fellow countryman . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could think it 's okay for the state to take away ( stealing would be a more apt word at this point ) three-quarters of someone 's income , no matter how much they earn . 
  and for those curious , the reason the tax was rejected was because it was aimed at individuals rather than households , which means that a family of three people each earning 900 000 $ would not be hit with the tax . 
  the constitutional council decided that this violated the `` equality before taxation '' article of the constitution and so rejected it . 
  socialist will tell you he was too much to the right even though he started out his mandate by trying to implement a 75 % income tax on people who earn more than a million per year , which was then rejected because it was deemed anti-constitutional . 
  if you 're not a communist you 're already too far to the right for france 's left ... 
  the truth is that he was just incompetent .
