  uk is the most vocal by far . ), 
  is virulently opposed to this idea , which i think is a shame because they could play a big part in it if they had the willingness . 
  i woud n't be surprised if there was a burst of these cold war style movies coming out of hollywood after the ukraine crisis . 
  these threats of withdrawing from nato are empty and only made to appease the americans criticising the us gov for spending so much on nato . 
  if it was simply a military alliance it would have been dismantled when the ussr collapsed , today it is a tool to project us influence on other countries . 
  and yes i think the eu is too dependent on the us from a defense standpoint , no i do n't blame the us for it . 
  but as long as nato exists our governments will always have an excuse to avoid creating a serious european defense . 
  the less eastern europe relies on russian gas , the better . 
  lol that 's true , if there is one country that could do it it 's russia . 
  unfortunately we 're a bit cramped here in the eu . 
  well france , the biggest user of nuclear power in the world , gets it 's uranium mainly from niger and canada , i did n't look up other countries but if france can , any other country in the eu can . 
  source : http://energytransition.de/2013/05/uranium-imports/ `` where does france get its uranium from ? 
  mainly from canada and niger . '', 
  and yes , solar/wind is not efficient enough currently to be the main source of energy of any big industrialised country ( although it seems fit for small countries ) maybe they can be made more efficient in the future but right now the ammount of space they need makes them unfeasible as a main source of energy . 
  see this article : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_transition_in_germany `` the amount of windmills needed to meet the german electricity consumption can by far not be realized on german territory . '', 
  so yeah , they are nice in theory , but in practice they just ca n't be used to supply entire countries . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  the worst part is that no one really exeptional has presented himself for the next election . 
  the centre-right ump that is the other main centralist party is in shambles after several scandals . 
  nuclear energy seems like the best viable energy source , atleast until we can get fusion/cold fusion to work as a reliable energy source . 
  france is home to one of the biggest deposits of shale gas in western europe , but fracking is banned here . 
  however if the ukraine crisis has taught us anything it 's that the eu must be independent energy-wise . 
  ( imho wind power/solar is simply not efficient enough to do as an energy source , unless you want to cover most of europe with solar panels/wind turbines , and even that probably wo n't be enough . ), 
  again , there is n't going to be a war between russia and the eu and us , this would be suicidal for russia . 
  but the real point is that if eu countries can not defend themselves without the us what does that make them ? 
  also ironically enough the us could spend a lot less tax dollar without nato around since they are the one who spend the most money on it by far , but obviously that 's not in their interest . 
  maybe , problem is the eu is too fragmented and the interests to divergent for it to make decisive stragetic actions without months of squabbling and arguing . 
  ( see france still building and delivering high tech warships to russia , many european countries being dependent on russian gas . . ) for me the solution is an eu army where each country can pool their ressources efficiently and it can be controlled by an entity able to make executive decisions . 
  and more specifically in this situation the eu need to become much more independent energy wise , the dependence of eastern countries on russian gas is frightening . 
  i 'm not saying hollande is competent , he is pathetic president and the reason france is doing so badly right now . 
  well the problem is not war ( which will never happen between russia and the eu or the us because these three entities have nuclear deterrent ) but the side products of these escalating tensions which lead to things like food embargo and potentially ( much worse ) gas embargo , which the eu relies on a lot . 
  this is what i 'm talking about when i mean things that will hurt the eu but not the us . 
  and frankly i just do n't want a return to the cold war era where europe becomes the victim of an influence war between the us and russia . 
  ( which is unlikely seeing as the us is much more powerful than russia these days , but things like needing nato to defend ourselves really shows how helpless we are and it 's a situation i find deeply frustrating . ), 
  please do n't assume that merkel represents all of western europe . 
  also i 'd argue that the reason the us are much more agressive is that if shit hits the fan we ( eu ) will be the ones who pay the price while the us sits confortably on the other side of the atlantic . 
  and whether or not these nato bases are there russia will not attack the baltics because they are part of the eu and all the other countries would be obligated to defend the member state under attack . 
  putin would not risk that because it would mean war between russia and the eu ( and the us who would obviously come in ) . 
  a shame that european countries ca n't even defend their immediate neighborhood without calling nato . 
  ( which , let 's face it , is just a proxy for the us army . ), 
  well of course they should be public , who was the idiot who thought that such a big treaty should be done in secret ? 
  political integration is very controversial and poorly defined most of the time here in the eu . 
  and no matter how close we become there seems to be no end to the petty squabbling and old grudges between the states . 
  obviously i 'm in favour of a united eu , but i do n't see it happening while nationalism still exists on the continent . 
  the current economic troubles are n't helping either , but that 's mostly due to local politians using the eu as a scapegoat for their own faillings . 
  he will have a much better bargaining position if the rebels make big gains in the days leading up to the meeting . 
  now what i 'm worried about is what he will ask , does he want to split the country in two ? 
  or straight up overthrow the current government in favour of a pro-russian one ? 
  `` how i can or can not legally protect myself against the nsa '' if it was something that only concerned us citizens i 'd agree with you . 
  but i think this is a subject that concerns europeans also . 
  i find it pretty funny that cannabis consumption is higher in france and spain where cannabis is illegal than in the netherland where it is semi-legal . 
  i actually stand corrected after i saw this about 5 eyes : `` the former nsa contractor edward snowden described the five eyes as a `` supra-national intelligence organisation that does n't answer to the laws of its own countries '' . 
  documents leaked by snowden in 2013 revealed that the fvey have been intentionally spying on one another 's citizens and sharing the collected information with each other in order to circumvent restrictive domestic regulations on spying . '', 
  so yeah , that 's a problem . 
  guess now we should wait and see if the uk leaves the eu in 2017 . 
  ( if a referendum is even held ) otherwise it 's true it would be hard to trust them to play any kind of role in a european military . 
  well if you 've read that other post on r/europe about us companies being demanded by us judges to hand over the data they store in the eu , completely disregarding any of our privacy laws . 
  i do n't think it 's the brits you should be worried about when it comes to spying . 
  ( now i 'm not going to be naive and say other countries do n't spy on each other too , but so far only the us have been shown to go so far as to spy on entire populations . ), 
  well i guess after the whole snowden fiasco the nsa does n't even try to be secretive in regard to the whole spying on entire populations thing . 
  yeah , it 's true that the interests of various countries in the eu are often different and make it hard to be cohesive , which i think is a shame . 
  i do n't see why such and alliance would be dominated by germany . 
  actually when it comes to military matter , france and england are much more competent imo . 
  that 's my position too and really the main reason i 'm opposed to nato , i think it 's the main element preventing the creation of a serious european defence . 
  nato should have been dismantled when the soviet union collapsed . 
  they can go on as long as they want about russia we all know putin is not foolish enough to attack the eu directly . 
  as it stand i do n't see what nato has done for us since the end of the cold war exept give the us an excuse to put bases and weapon storages all over europe . 
  the ability to degrade the quality of gps for a certain area intentionaly was called `` selective availability '' on gps iirc . 
  the us promised they would never use it again an apparently the newer gps satellites do n't have it . 
  i do n't think galileo has that function either . 
  jamming the signal is a completely different thing and would mean that no one gets access to the signal transmitted by the satellites ( i think ) . 
  while quite a few countries in the eu have very lackluster militaries we have two nuclear states ( although i 've hear the uk 's nuclear arsenal is very/completely dependent on the us ) and several countries with very competent armies . 
  but it 's true that no european country can compare to the us when it comes to military , and that 's why i think a unified european army would be great to be more independent as a whole . 
  there are a lot of things in the way of such and idea but i 'm sure if the willingness was here it could be done . 
  it 's true , and i think it 's sad that european countries are still so subordinate to the us government that they immediatly give in to this kind of petty shotgun diplomacy . 
  i think it 's his accent . 
  it looks like he is a bit inexperienced as he blunders a few time during the launch sequence . 
  the us has the ability to jam galileo if they want , originally they could not do this without also jamming gps but eu officials were pressured by the us into changing the frequency of galileo satellites so that they could jam it out but not affect gps , which is a damn shame imo . 
  i agree but i do n't think it 's a good idea for anyone to try and act as the world 's police . 
  and let 's face it the us have stragetic interests in the region that go beyond caring for the local population . 
  in my opinion it is a much better alternative that we help and supply the kurds and make sure they repel isis on their own instead of intervening , which was n't exactly a resounding success the last time around . 
  ( see iraq and lybia . 
  both of these descended into chaos as soon as the western forces left . ), 
  hell even mali which was an intervention supported by the local population and considered a resounding success is still unstable and back under the threat of talibans . 
  this kind of intervention has been shown to never work without popular support of the locals unless you want to end up with a costly and slow conflict which does n't end up doing any good ( see : iraq , afghanistan , lybia ) . 
  also combined with the fact that economic conditions in the eu are n't too good right now and that the german population is rather pacifist means i really do n't see an intervention from eu members and even less from germany alone . 
  prompting the us or the eu to intervene in their country is their wet dreams . 
  these kind of interventions always get bogged down and tend to radicalize the population more than anything . 
  afghanistan is still a mess and the us are back into iraq now , apparently they never learn . 
  well galileo was set to use a different frequency than the gps , which meant that the us coud n't jam it without also disabling gps . 
  the us argued that due to the high accuracy of the galileo it could be used in missile strikes against them and implied they would shoot down the satellites if someone tried to use galileo agaisnt them , eu politicians gave in and changed the frequency so that the us could shut down galileo without interfering with gps . 
  you can find a more detailed explanation here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galileo_%28satellite_navigation%29#tension_with_the_united_states, 
  i agree . 
  both the us and russia have their own systems so it only makes sense that we europeans have our own . 
  it 's a shame that the us still pressured us into giving them the ability to jam galileo whenever they want . 
  from the right angle one could think this is a desert : http://www.voyages-photos.fr/images/dune-pyla/dune-pyla06.jpg but it 's actually the `` dune du pilat '' on the south-western coast of france near bordeaux !, 
  tbh any studies that measures something as vague as `` democracy '' is n't going to be very accurate . 
  please do n't criticize us !, 
  so is anything going to happen ? 
  or will they just say '' france , this is not good , please stop '',
