  it should have been dissolved when the soviet union collapsed . 
  yes i agree , it seems like a much fairer alternative to split it into states of equivalent `` power '' . 
  i was just saying that if/when a federation happens , we should not be squabbling over old countries controlling more or less territory . 
  it was in reference to your remark : `` of course you like it , denmark wins a lot of territories . '', 
  i did not think of that , clearly we should avoid the ire of sealand at all cost . 
  the consequences for europe could be disastrous . 
  edit : apparently i just forgot a word in the middle of my sentence : /, 
  well if this ever happens it will be under the guise of a federal eu , in which case we really should n't care about which of the old countries would control what . 
  edit : to clarify , it would be a bit silly to say '' this is unfair !, 
  denmark gained a lot of territories while france got chopped up ! '', 
  although it is true they should be balanced to make sure they are equal in `` power '' . 
  hollande will never get in on the second round of voting . 
  but i agree it 's unlikely that le pen actually wins the elections . 
  this has been used by the french govt as a fear tactic : `` support us or else the country will fall in the hands of fascists ! '', 
  but the truth is that hollande is so unpopular that my dog has a higher chance of being elected than him . 
   fn leader marine le pen would beat president francois hollande in presidential elections in 2017 . 
  is that really his argument ? 
  he 's so unpopular that literally anyone could beat him in the next presidential elections . 
  i 'd like to add that in france there is this idea that cancelling the mistral deal would be a symbol of the government bending to the us 's interest , which is a very touchy subject in france . 
  now i do n't know how popular this opinion is but i 've seen it quite often around the internet . 
  is n't this a bit of a 180 \u00b0 on their stance toward the ukraine conflict ? 
  why this sudden change of heart i wonder ... 
  it looks like sigmundur dav\u00ed\u00f0 ( iceland ) is saying '' good thing i 'm not stuck with all these assholes . 
  from the description of the video this looks real ... holy shit . 
  i had a look at that `` ring of steel '' and apparently the uk spent 80 million dollars on it ?!, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but this is just a fence . 
  how could it be so expensive ? 
  source : http://libertyblitzkrieg.com/2014/08/29/a-ring-of-steel-the-uk-spends-80-million-on-a-massive-fence-to-protect-politicians-ahead-of-nato-summit/, 
  well if that 's the case they are not vocal enough , if a big part of the population wanted reunification with ireland they should be talking about it . 
  and of course arbitrary boundaries boundaries have to be drawn up somewhere . 
  do you think it would be reasonable if you decided that you wanted reunification with ireland , and decided to run a referendum with yourself to see if your house should become a part of ireland ? 
  ( btw i 'm not very knowledgeable on this issue so forgive my ignorance if i said something wrong . ), 
  independence is decided by the people . 
  sure you could cut up europe into hundreds of different regions , but that 's not the point . 
  independence will happen in scotland if a majority of the population votes for it . 
  i 'm not anti-immigration . 
  it 's fine if people want to come to europe , but the moment they become violent and disruptive they should be deported imo . 
  it really seems to me like these people think they can do whatever they fucking want just because they are in a democratic country that wont thrown them in jail for doing dumb shit like this . 
  the end is coming !, 
  wow this thing is n't using nuclear ? 
  how the hell do you run this kind of metal monstrosity for any reasonable amount of time without nuclear ? 
  btw : shame that france had to cancel it 's second airfcraft carrier ... 
  oh he will finish his term , he stated quite clearly at the nato summit in wales that he does n't care about public opinion on his popularity and will complete the 5 year mandate that was given to him by the people . 
  legally he is right , no one can force him to quit his office ... 
  well as you 've seen on the map , not all federations are like the us . 
  and i believe that a european federation would be different on several points : it would probably be much more decentralized . 
  unlike the us , europe is home to very old countries who have all their own history and tradition , and so a heavily centralized eu is unrealistic . 
  many people are afraid that a federation would mean the death of their culture and heritage . 
  and i think that 's bollocks , there is no reason for a united eu to encourage a `` melting pot '' vision like the us . 
  and as i said countries would still exist as entities inside the federations ( some suggest breaking them up into regions to avoid larger countries dominating . 
  i think this is a good idea but i do n't think people would accept it unless they trusted the idea of a european federation . 
  so not something that would happen straight away . ), 
  but why do you think a federal europe be like the us ? 
  ( that 's what i assume your opinion is from your question and your flair which suggests to me that you are not in favor of the idea , please correct me if i 'm wrong . ), 
  here is a map showing all the federations in the world , do you think these countries are all similar ? 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/69/map_of_federal_states.svg/800px-map_of_federal_states.svg.png now i could go into more detail but your question was a bit vague so i 'm not sure what you mean when you say `` like the us '', 
  usa : european edition pre-order for early access to balkan and turkish map pack . 
  ( btw : i 'm for a federal eu , people need to stop thinking it would be anything like the us ... ), 
  this is the same turkey that wants to join the eu ? 
   though paris does have some nice neighbourhoods , the impression i often get when i 'm there is `` when you 've seen one haussmann building , you 've seen them all '' what are you talking about , i think they look amazing !, 
   :( ( actually it 's a good thing that these renovations were made , otherwise paris would prob look like a giant mess of small medieval houses crammed together . ), 
  russia to the east , the us to the west . 
  europe is in a precarious situation these days . 
  paris is pretty well represented ; half of the picture if the eiffel tower , 40 % of the space left is taken by other famous locations ( arc de triomphe and le pont des arts edit : for some reason i did n't see the louvre ... ) and the actual city landscape is crammed in a corner . 
  well after the revolution monarchy was reestablished an abolished many times ( napol\u00e9on 's first french empire , the bourbon restoration following his second defeat , the second french empire of napol\u00e9on iii ... ) but as far as i know we do n't have any grand thrones like the ones i 've seen in this thread . 
  i understand the these people are desperate , but this kind of behavior is the best way to become hated by the locals and increase existing prejudices . 
  we do n't need thrones anymore . 
  it would not be a win win . 
  because of the fact that they failed to complete their contract with russia , it would be a big stain on their reputation as arms dealer . 
  some even fear it could affect the rafale deal with india which is very important . 
  well i 'm not too sure but i think when most people think of france in the antiquity they think of the gauls : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gauls also , asterix & obelix !, 
  londinium = london lutetia = paris interesting that these two huge cities have been around for so long . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the order was not cancelled , but merely delayed . 
  at this point the french government seems committed to completing that deal . 
  no one else will buy those ships , they were made to russian specification and with russian systems in mind . 
  they would need big modifications if another country wanted to buy them . 
  just to clarify , the deal has not been cancelled . 
  it 's delayed until `` the conditions are right '' ( whatever that means ... prob when the ukraine conflicts is over . ), 
  people also make fun of marseille for the accent and way they speak . 
  :p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=908or2baby0 ( a french sketch about stereotypes of marseille , worth watching if you can understand . ), 
  i think you 're assuming way too much . 
  i just said that there was a threat in europe from radical muslims . 
  where do you see `` prevailing fear '' and `` dogmatic reasoning '' ? 
  i 'm not suggesting that we persecute anyone based on their religion here , but let 's not pretend that europe is safe from terrorism . 
  to the middle-east , yeah . 
  but nothing tell us they wo n't come back . 
  and isis has said repeatedly that they want to target europe . 
  and we know that there are some fanatics here who are willing to join their cause , so i would say there is a threat . 
   when do people learn there is no islamic threat outside the middle east . 
  meanwhile reports come in every few days from various european countries that people are leaving to join isis , i 'm pretty sure that qualifies them as radical muslims . 
  or any slight disagreements cause months of delay/nothing ever happens , see current eu defense . 
  sure , if the big three cooperate on military matter they could create a powerful force which would allow us to not always have to rely on the us . 
  just posting in this thread to confirm that the entire french population had a meeting a while back and decided unanimously to sell the mistrals to russia . 
  the eu countries are strong enough together to stand on their own imo . 
  p.s : can i have your number ? 
  i think no one had the heart to give her the bad news before she made that statement . 
  i 'd just like to remind everyone that this is just some analyst 's theory , none of this is official . 
  wether or not a `` eurasian '' would be a good thing for europe . 
  i do n't see it happening with the ukraine crisis .
