  firstly `` united states of europe '' is a terrible name because it will inevitably make people think of the us , a single nation with a relatively homogeneous culture . 
  in my opinion for a european superstate ( es ) to be accepted the national cultures have to remain untouched . 
  any cultural homogenization should occur naturally if at all . 
  and this leads to another problem , because if you want the es to be cohesive you would need to have a class of politicians that hold their allegiance towards the es over their member state 's populations ' . 
  this begs the question of why said population would elect someone who holds the interests of the es above their own . 
  the only way this would happen is if all the member-states shared a common interest , or at least interests similar enough that the european populations would be willing to trust the es to benefit everyone and not only the most influential states . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  as of today i do n't think there are even 2 nations in the eu that have similar enough interests to share a common government , so let 's not even talk about 28 of them . 
  i think that for now the best thing the eu can do is try to educate as many people as possible on its inner workings ( since a lot do n't seem to understand how the eu works or do n't care ) , and promote cultural programs \u00e0 la erasmus . 
  an isolationist usa might also foster european integration for the same reasons . 
  how many of the people who want a referendum would actually vote to leave though ? 
  i really have a hard time believing france would vote to leave the eu . 
  people 's opinions are influenced by their environment ? 
  morality is nice but it only works if everyone follows it ( and seeing how it 's completely subjective that 's impossible anyway ) . 
  we live in a world where either you make others respect your interest or they 'll make you respect theirs . 
  you can be as moral as you want about it but your enemies wo n't care . 
  in the real world , violence ( or at least the threat of violence ) is a useful tool to make sure that your interests are respected around the world . 
   and beyond that , the very fanaticism of the japanese people from that period is all but non-existent today . 
  edit : to clarify , u/areat 's post before he edited it was just `` i know and that 's besides the point . '', 
  which is why i did n't bother to give him a proper answer . 
  * terrified shouting in the background , camera pans to a person casually talking to someone on the other side of a counter * there 's two kind of people . 
  unfortunately i simply do n't see the national governments agreeing to this . 
  after the snowden revelations we found out that european intelligence agencies spend quite a lot of time spying on each other , a european agency would be impotent because there 's no political cohesion between the eu states . 
  part of the army actually attempted a coup against the emperor when he declared his intention to surrender . 
  even after the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki the government was split on whether or not to surrender . 
  and beyond that , the very fanaticism of the japanese people from that period is all but non-existent today . 
  it 's been done , see japan during and after ww2 . 
  the japanese population was fanatically dedicated to the emperor , they were ready to fight the american invaders to the last man , woman and child . 
  two nuclear bombs and years of occupation later japan became a western-style democracy that still stands to this day . 
  it 's about removing the threat of terrorism which undeniably comes chiefly from the middle east . 
  them figuring it out themselves would sure be nice , but that is n't happening right now and people here in europe are dying because of it . 
  just because they like going there and taking advantage of the system does n't mean they love the eu for what it stands ... 
  maybe the turkish people do n't see it that way , erdogan was elected by popular vote . 
  let 's not forget that turkey was pushing for eu membership for years and that they only got reluctance from us , i 'd not be surprised if most turkish people do n't want anything to do with the eu . 
  yes but what you 're saying is that we should encourage turkey to reach eu standard ( even though they 've got virtually no chance of joining the eu ) because it would benefit us geopolitically . 
  you 'd be basically asking erdogan `` please make your government more like a western democracy so you can stop being an authoritarian state , which would be convenient for us '' . 
  why should turkey spend money trying to reach the eu standards when they stand to gain nothing from it ? 
  you 're talking about someone who has no qualm about defacing other people 's property , their logic must dictate that the tag belongs to them even though it 's on someone else 's wall ( which is of course absolutely nonsensical to me , but the concept of ownership must be something that they either do n't understand or do n't care about ) . 
  i think we 've just discovered the most effective way of preventing people from tagging the streets . 
  as u/allagame said , it 's not a problem of means but of ideology ( as is unfortunately the case too often ) . 
  if we try to give these migrants recycled container homes ( which , while not great , are better than the makeshift shacks a lot of them live in ) people will get outraged and say that we treat migrants like shit by shoving them into containers , so you can imagine what would happen if we started talking about deportation . 
  on the other hand if we try to give them better housing other people will get outraged because migrants are given free homes while the french people have to work their asses off to pay for a house . 
  we 're stuck in a political deadlock , and with the looming elections i do n't believe hollande will take a decision on such a controversial subject . 
  right . 
  while a sad turn of event , this was caused by the commander chapus handling the situation poorly ( and seeing how the police were seemingly being backed up into a corner by a crowd of angry workers throwing stones at them , i 'm not sure how else this could have ended ) . 
  anyway that 's really not the same thing as `` french corporations opened fired on people and killed workers . 
   there was a lot of blood in the streets to get those . 
  we did n't ask for them nicely . 
  french corporations opened fired on people and killed workers . 
  source ? 
  that results makes me doubt their definition of `` sexual harassment '' more than anything else ( well their sample size is pretty minuscule too but still ) . 
  in the article they talk about `` threatening body language '' , what the hell is that ? 
  the only way i can think of sexually harassing someone with your body language is if you start grinding against them or something ( unless this is some non-sense in the same vein of `` if you sit down with your leg spread out you 're oppressing women and enforcing the patriarchy '' ) . 
   men would n't care about being poor if it had no impact on access to women . 
  yeah , no . 
   police have launched an investigation into the incident and say they are trying to establish whether proper safety procedures were in place . 
  i 'm gon na go on a limb and say no what with the person that died . 
  seriously i understand things can go wrong , but how can they go * this * wrong ? 
  admittedly i do n't know the context but if i was in his situation and i started to choke i would thrash around like a headless chicken in order to get someone 's attention . 
  i just do n't understand how this could happen . 
  [ heh , as long as you 're cool with it . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/f8/33/28/f833287eca8e0d4251482beddd377fb5.jpg ), 
  that 's nothing compared to hellish grammar , every noun having an arbitrary gender , etc. . . 
  proof that even other countries are better at teaching french than we are ... 
  wow so kings were better rulers because there were less conflicts under their rules huh . 
   that might sound sexist on the surface , but years of research has shown that male-dominated societies are less stable , because they are more susceptible to higher levels of violence , insurgence and mistreatment of women . 
  anyone got a source on these `` years of research '' ? 
  seems like a pretty big thing to throw out there without citing anything . 
   ~ ~ no ~ ~ [ not big surprise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dctocak6hw ) ftfy seriously though what 's up with one liners being the top post in all threads now ? 
  is this becoming r/worldnews ? 
  does n't work in a globalized world . 
  yeah i 'm assuming the maintenance crew is competent of course ... ( which they may not be judging by that picture ), 
  who is outraged here ? 
  this is just a poorly maintained bus . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  i too could go and gather a list of shady stuff done by the us gov around that time but i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  i 'm just saying how that refusal was perceived by most people at the time , as far as i know they never did found these `` wmd '' in the end . 
  i do n't why this could n't happen in europe . 
  in fact is n't this the current trend ? 
  just look at europe in 1930-40 's and now , we 've made such enormous progress . 
  give it another 70 years and maybe the idea of a european identity wo n't be so ridiculous any more . 
  strange , i always thought we refused to join that war because it was illegal ... 
  the way i envision a federal europe is purely political , keeping our myriad cultures untouched . 
  there 's already plenty of countries where different cultures coexist under a single government . 
  honestly the real point of the whole thing is to keep europe relevant in a world where countries like india and china are becoming more and more powerful . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  coined in 1995 , made popular by the whole french bashing spree in the us following our government 's refusal to join the iraq war . 
   france was n't involved in iraq , for instance . 
  ... which caused the us to go into full propaganda mode and spawn the `` cheese-eating surrender monkeys '' stereotype among other things . 
  who needs nuclear energy when you can have [ cheese energy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_dqv1xdf-y ) . 
   if activists chanting `` we are the 99 percent '' were asked to describe the one-percenters whom they revile , they would probably say they are men , middle aged , well educated and with high-level jobs . 
  by and large , they would be right . 
  i do n't understand this , is being any one of those things bad or something ? 
  such nonsense ... 
  iirc the eu , taken as a whole , has the biggest gdp . 
  the fuss comes from the fact that gay men are much more likely to carry stds than other people , and tbh seeing how they represent such a small part of the population and the blood tests are n't 100 % reliable in my opinion the risks outweigh the benefits . 
  neither is the us . 
  the `` super power '' concept is a dated relic from the cold war , it 's simply not relevant today . 
  unless u/rinnve is actually putin in disguise i do n't see the relevance between his opinions and policies enacted by the russian government . 
   if you respect your soldiers , you do n't send them into pointless wars .
