  but hey , surely no one will miss them amirite ? 
   it 's hard to tell that much of the increase is due to nigeria and syria neither are members of the oecd , so they could hardly contribute to the increase . 
  as a former erasmus scholar i can only say was that it was a great experience and much more than just `` socializing '' with other exchange students , one i still benefit from in my professional career . 
   we are nearly back at pre-crisis unemployment levels . 
  conveniently overlooking that 1 ) for most countries company profits soared long before returning to pre-crisis employment levels aka jobless recovery , , 2 ) solid middle class jobs went down the sink while most of the new ones created are typical burger flipping menial ones aka deskilling . 
  the sudden surge of low quality agenda pushing articles is just amazing . 
  i hope trump wo n't forget to pull the same based joke prince philipp did back then ( good morning reichskanzler ! ), 
  on camera . 
  yeah it has been tried , was called warsaw pact back then , lets just say it was not that awesome . 
   angela merkel now is the leader of the free world . 
  how about no . 
   he 'd like to work for the president-elect in brussels to `` bring the eu down '' i wonder how farage wants to work on the demolition of the eu after brexit , will he wear a fake moustache and try to speak with french accent ? 
  both buildings are neogothic , and the uk parliament had definitely influenced it , especially as both are situated at the bank of a river . 
  public displays of affection ? 
  [ here ] ( http://mnl.gov.hu/a_het_dokumentuma/az_allando_orszaghaz_tervei.html ) are some original alternative plans of the hungarian parliament . 
  most them look terrible in comparison of the actual building . 
  stay safe !, 
  yes about the same extent hungary was the beneficiary of the presidency of nicolas sarkozy in france . 
  in other words : not at all . 
  how are things there now ? 
  bacon & eggs, 
  even in case of a non-muslim furry ? 
  what is that place slightly westwards from corsica ? 
  but have the polls opened ? 
  [ claps in ( north ) korean ], 
  i did n't imply anything about the hungarian authorities , however i openly argue that regardless the motives of her conversion this woman would be in grave danger in iran . 
   half a step shy of starting to air sargon of akkad videos on the public broadcast channel hmm maybe i would actually start watching it . 
  we already have a vibrant `` brazilian '' community here . 
  `` lets abandon all common sense and put all our faith blindly into the foolproof decision making process of the swedish authorities '' thanks but no thanks . 
  you do realize what kind of treatment former muslim converts can expect back in iran ? 
   what about violent sexy christian men ? 
  those are us . 
  ca n't wait for the forthcoming more detailed maps like `` would you feel comfortable if your son was in a relationship with a 2d futa ? '', 
  what makes you think that i do n't have an aircon ? 
  what 's the broader context ? 
   before long , they were planning to leave denmark for pakistan . 
  the horror !, 
  they almost left denmark !, 
  honestly , just donate them a one way ticket and revoke their citizenship after they are gone . 
  problem solved . 
  a flying saucer !, 
  crazy how they did that back then . 
  white walkers can only walk . 
  the free folk squats like a true gopnik . 
  i 'm so done with this summer ... 
  [ do n't worry , vault-tec has everything under control ] ( https://youtu.be/tzm3aym7ssy?t=35s ), 
  never miss an opportunity to bash trump , even when he is totally right . 
  papa orban has closed it , sorry for the inconvenience . 
  for how long ? 
  it has been in a steady downward spiral for a while ... 
  nope . 
  well played , sir !, 
  international travel has increased dramatically in the last couple of years . 
  for example even 15 years ago chinese tourists were practically nonexistent , now they are omnipresent at tourist hotspots . 
  not to mention that the emergence of low cost airlines , online booking services and airbnb made travelling super easy and a lot cheaper for everyone , and you can go far below the prices of conventional packages offered by agencies . 
  now you see that is an elite club . 
  however we hardly ever invaded croatia and people tend to forget that for 90 % of the time that was a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  ancient rome also had its age of decadence and nothing went wro -, 
  i feel the urge to visit breitbart . 
  you asked whether if is possible , for which the answer is a yes . 
  you did n't ask if its sensible though . 
  no need to tell that to the slovenes ... 
  what does that mean ? 
  too bad that soon you wo n't be on the chart at all . 
  the waters of the bay of slavonia are treacherous , as heathen pirates from the bihac peninsula are preying on seafarers . 
  `` make k\u00e4rnten great again '', 
  great background info , thanks !, 
  its a lovely day for a ~ ~ mass ~ ~ guinness . 
  [ accompanying article ] ( http://hungarytoday.hu/news/eurostat-hungary-spends-recreation-culture-religion-european-union-23332 ), 
  `` an isolated group of mentally deranged people commited a single terror attack in tokyo ( almost 40m people ) about quarter of a century ago . 
  so lets draw a parallel with the interconnected attacks happening on a weekly basis in western cities '', 
  tough to compare , but not so much when one resorts to whataboutism . 
  its inappropriate to use car brands preferred by you gulf area financial patrons for committin acts of terrorism . 
  really makes you think !, 
  special perk : + 300 carrying capacity to metals, 
  `` some advice , friend . 
  that armor wo n't offer much protection in a real fight . '', 
  awesome . 
  but how does it prevent you from putting lil ' babies in her tummy ? 
  interesting . 
  does it need helium as well ? 
  believe me , your gitanos would n't even qualify as lvl1 gypsies here . 
  wow , yet another mass produced `` article '' reiterating the same old arguments ad nauseam . 
  bonus point for using the ramblings of an alcoholist to validate your point . 
  the hard truth is that democracy is nowhere near threatened here . 
  daily reminder that people getting elected who i do n't like does not match the description of dictatorship . 
  thank you for sharing this succinct expert opinion with us . 
  i wonder what other demographic factors does this correlate with ... 
  dutch are really everywhere , even in remote places like portugal where hardly anyone else goes by car ... 
  this one is n't bad actually, 
  i think i can co better than this . 
  luckily for us we no longer rely on them in this respect . 
  too bad that unlike some us citizen the opinion of those abroad are based almost entirely the hate campaign initiated by the msm against the gop, 
  i like pugs . 
  [ accordion starts playing ], 
  obama did n't support gay marriage when he went into office . 
  somehow he was still never mocked at lgbt events unlike trump who never had a problem with that . 
  one has to wonder why . 
  they geting murdered had a fairly high chance i agree . 
  it 's the torture and mockery that comes before it which is worrying me .
