  i for myself fully support it for its ardent pro-israel stance . 
  [ close enough ] ( https://www.superteachertools.net/jeopardyx/uploads/20140928/paramecium.jpg ), 
  i do n't know how you came to this conclusion , about half of european countries have a bone to pick with each other . 
  a whole new perspective for sharing economy though . 
  decrease the costs of maintaining your expensive all-purpose robo-catwoman by letting others rent it for short periods through ubang . 
   the sex dolls are not going to replace us ; they fulfill their role as a fantasy but they are not a threat to our profession  conxa borrell , president sex professionals association words to live by . 
  does not really correlate with anything, 
   still salty about the ottomans easy to dissmiss it when its not your country which was occupied and ravaged for 150 years . 
  makes the fact that ana kasparian has ethnic armenian ancestry even more amazing . 
  just hit the gym , outdoor physical activity in urban areas is actually doing more harm than benefits . 
  an other french paradox , be lazy but still live longer . 
  you are good at understatements , 
  what the actual hell is happening there ? 
  just drop them off above mosul . 
  parachute is optional . 
  hmm not a place to go swimming with mz inflatable crocodile, 
  japan wants to have a word with you, 
  meh , the important question is : it made from lamb ? 
  wan na see how it performs during rush hour in naples . 
  wiener schnitzel with potato salad , lemon , and red currant jam is the food of gods . 
  however red currant jam is often served with it and it is heavenly, 
  correct !, 
  not really , a little bit cheaper than austria but not significantly especially when you take comparable chains like hofer and aldi, 
  gr8 b8 m8 but please stop hijacking the topic of this thread . 
  in some countries they use high fructose corn syrup , and the composition of sweeteners also varies . 
  acesulfam k , aspartam , and such sweeteners all have their distinct aftertaste . 
  a gentle tease compared to the mongol invasion leading to death of about 50 % of the population within a single year . 
  the problem is you know that international brands have considerable inertia . 
  since nutella is omnipresent and a worldwide phenomenon it could literally sell liquid diarrhea and the people still would n't notice that they are conned . 
  a local brand starts selling shit and people abandon it - but a world-class player can do as they please , people are too deeply indoctrinated to believe that what they get for twice the price of a generic `` nutoka '' is in fact the same cheap stuff . 
  we have survived some massive shitstorms , compared to which the present situation does n't even qualify as mild inconvenience . 
  dunno man , even products for the domestic market carry at least an english and german label here in 90 % of the cases . 
  following your advice i could easily starve . 
  hungarians prefer their clothes less clean , its only about the preference of the market * grabs corporate bribe silently *, 
  as i clarified in my other comment : the problem is not about less/more sugar per se , but its about more sugar , less [ insert random expensive ingredient ] scenarios . 
  where do i draw the line ? 
  its pretty easy , stick to the original problem : tunagate a brand tuna can ( same label and size ) was found to contain less meat here than in austria , and more oily gunk . 
  now we can talk about preferences but i 'm pretty sure no hungarian has ever wished for more oil in a can of tuna . 
  same goes for nutella : less hazelnut and cocoa , more palm oil and sugar . 
  basically less from the expensive tasty stuff , and more from the unhealthy filler . 
  only one thing is sure in this life : mountain dew is the best soda ever made !, 
  ayn rand approves, 
  you know there 's an agenda that wo n't push itself ... 
  it 's not a drill !, 
  its not about different flavoring , its about different quality . 
  when a can of tuna by the same brand has less actual tuna in it here than in austria - now that is clearly a ripoff . 
  i find the isis apologetic bs more annoying tbh . 
  terrorists do n't kill people to radicalize the european right wing - terrorists kill people because they are infidels according to their beliefs . 
  a beginner 's guide to this thread : sorted by : controversial, 
  i definitely do n't . 
  drinking a glass of craft ipa is more satisfying than drinking three bottles of tasteless generic lager . 
  had a 3210 as my first mobile phone . 
  in a manner of speaking it was space age - took a lot of space . 
  also have to add that due to the extra letters the writing system is almost completely phonetic . 
  seems legit . 
  contemporary observers usually compared it to a bagel . 
  bosnia was not yet annexed in 1867 though . 
  just before wv1 if i recall correctly , underwent sea trials in 1912 ? 
  with this attitude you could have become an admiral back in the day ( mahanian doctrine lite ), 
  at least all your highways are completely lit . 
  you do n't see that anywhere else . 
  shows the fundamental problem : being built by hungarian ganz shipyards who had little experience with warships of this scale the bridge was too high and the deck was overloaded with heavy cannons . 
  as a result its centre of gravity was very high , hence it started limping shortly after being hit . 
  i know an elderly dentist who back then made a diy polymerisation lamp using a nokia battery . 
  did n't look fancy but did n't cost thousands of euros either and worked just as fine . 
  also famous for being the only dreanought whosesinking was recorded on film . 
  broccoli on shrooms, 
  interesting , pretty sure it shares roots with our annual [ bus\u00f3j\u00e1r\u00e1s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bus%c3%b3j%c3%a1r%c3%a1s ) - also organized around this time . 
  when ireland was reduced to a shield, 
  so it was basically used to haul out all kind of toxic gunk into the middle of the ocean and burn it there ? 
  terrific . 
  revolutionary design , silent engine , hard to detect by radar due to the alloy-free lightweight materials used , 10/10 would recommend . 
  sad !, 
  anarcho-communism : not even once . 
  lets just say that paris is definitely not what it used to be . 
  japanese tourists do n't get the eponymous paris syndrom for nothing . 
  more like consequences of the higher prevalence of alcoholics and smokers among men . 
  actually hungarian public tv is reasonably entertaining . 
  push your agenda too hard and it becomes a parody of itself . 
  on a side note i could care less about v4tv . 
  i only ever watch tv for science of stupid in the gym while on the elliptic trainer . 
  its not actually taken a from a street - sauce : was there recently - the light tower and the northern coast where the huge waves are is abit further away from the old town centre . 
  solid advice there !, 
  however i 'm already on a strict fruitarian dietary regime consisting of various types of p\u00c1linka . 
  edit : i also like zubrowka , especially that one big ol' grass leaf . 
  great source of dietary fibers . 
  does vodka count into potato consumption ? 
   rich countries  hungary pick one . 
  til bulgarians are pulyka-bros !, 
  also tacchino sounds like a type of nespresso capsule . 
  [ meowed ], 
  i never saw a good example of that . 
  not even in places like barcelona or munich . 
  not to mention athens or montreal . 
   hungary is the only one of the 10 most successful medal-winning countries at the summer olympics never to have hosted the event . 
  i would rather like winning more medals abroad , than sinking in debt for an ephemeral show-off edit : massive typo, 
  they did n't press it further to stop momentum gaining further momentum ( i know its super-cheesy ) . 
  actually a smart move from orb\u00e1n . 
  this wannabe party has a rather skeletal political agenda other than opposing to host the olympics . 
  regardless of the economic situation the olympics are a financial sinkhole that leaves behind decrepit , abandoned infrastructure everywhere .
