  hungry sportsmen crave medals . 
   we ca n't help you anymore . 
  not as if you ever particularly wanted to . 
   blaming people for going after opportunities is vain moralizing . 
  the enlighten me why are you insisting that the quota system will work and they will stay where you put them ? 
  the hard truth is that although they always talk about refugees we are mostly dealing with bona fide economic migrants here . 
  a refugee is grateful for not having to dodge bullets , having a roof over his head , and getting decent food . 
  an economic migrant knows precisely where he wants to be and that is mama merkels mythical `` alemania '' where s-klasse mercedes cars grow on trees . 
  they wo n't exactly be happy over being forced to relocate to lets say east bumblefuck hungary , and that 's a solid understatement . 
  so while there 's point in talking about refugees , they are only a small percentage of these migrants , the rest will always be where they want to be . 
  you can try to dump them here but we ca n't limit their movement and they will end up back in we pretty soon . 
  not sure about continental but the rest are homegrown companies , bmw being even quintessentially bavarian . 
  no small surprise that they have their hq there , which is certainly good for you . 
  we however only get the low added-value manufacturing jobs ( e.g. 
  audi ) and even for that we have to beg on our knees by offering atrocious tax exemptions . 
  those bavarians know what 's up for sure . 
  it is the `` mittelstand '' , solid mid-tier companies with clear ownership and considerable added value that can form the basis of a functioning economy . 
  luring in international megacorps is a dead end , they keep skill-intensive jobs at home , relocating only the mass manufacturing ( and always ready to bring it elsewhere if that decreases costs by 0.001 % ), 
  quite likely . 
  the `` fuckin osteurop\u00e4ische gastarbeiter '' look i sometimes got from germans while uttering something in my broken german was enough to discourage me from using it . 
  but the best story was what one of my friend told me : after spending 20 years in nrw and being as fluent as goethe and schiller combined he relocated to switzerland where he was literally gtfod by a customer at his new job for his insulting north-german accent . 
  sorry for insulting you by learning your language / s ( i got your point ! ), 
  i highly recommend you the book titled `` last lingua franca '' . 
  the author depicts an interesting but - looking at the rate of development in machine learning - quite plausible scenario that within less then 20 years direct real time translation by algorithms will surpass the best human translators . 
  literally you will just grab your sort-of babel fish earphone and it will translate you just about anything in real time . 
  that does not mean though that we should abandon learning foreign languages , research shows that those who speak at least 3 languages have an improved neural circuitry compared to those being monolingual which can come handy in a lot of situations . 
  its slowly declining though according to recent surveys - at least here . 
  until the early 2000s the popularity of german was comparable to english among elementary/high schoolers . 
  imho the difference is the merciless nature of german grammar system , for some reason you can get away with really crappy pidgin english but the same does not go for german . 
  til getting food poisoning at an overpriced tourist trap restaurant is related to public safety . 
  i 've been avoiding france for more than ten years . 
  since i was almost mugged in by `` youngsters '' liege in 2010 belgium is also on my list . 
  a bunch of `` youth '' threw stones at me in front of the university of aachen in germany while taking photos of the buildings the next year . 
  it 's increasingly harder to find a vacationing spot in europe . 
  edit : keep downvoting me , not as if that will change it . 
  i 'm not making this up , you know . 
   we need to stop them in transit countries you answered your own question . 
  we can as our [ evidence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_border_barrier ) shows do exactly that . 
  if the route to go further on gets blocked the influx new migrants will eventually diminish . 
  in the long run illegal routes will be abandoned this way . 
  relevant username, 
  our based orb\u00e1n was again right from the very beginning . 
  we ca n't make a reasonable deal with erdoretards turkey , they will just blackmail us for eternity . 
  we have to protect our own borders even if that hurts the feelings of some bluepilled liberals . 
  trust me it 's not referred as `` saint-etienne-du-rouvray '' attack in the international media because no one has a clue where it is . 
  rouen is a place though that people are at least vaguely aware of . 
  the old priest was slaughtered by isis retards in the outskirts of rouen , i bet it is referring to that . 
   police in europe do n't kill people unlike american police those `` people '' are armed criminals resisting arrest, 
  neat idea ... 
  anyone even rumored to have picked up one will be executed . 
  how are hungarians so close to brits according to this ? 
  dat germany, 
  massive dislocated shin bone fracture - takes an awful lot of time to heal . 
  these star wars fans are getting out of control . 
  all these rampages while shouting admiral ackbar make me concerned, 
  basically , you can plan a somewhat longer layover in frankfurt and visit the city for little extra cost . 
  the same works in dubai , you can visit it during an outbound leg to south asia and on the return you can go and see abu dhabi for example . 
  basically a standard grand euro tour . 
  nothing that 's `` off the beaten path '', 
  it would be a great starter image for a / pol thread, 
  no need for redundancy the title could be just `` how to be polite . '', 
  `` this caf\u00e9 sucks '' just got a different meaning, 
  great job carl , so how much did it cost to sell your soul ? 
  why ? 
  he said he has never seen one , what could be a better proof ? 
  hold on for a sec was there anything remotely like a plan a in the first place ? 
  just another average day in the banlieu, 
  care to give us some context ? 
  czech your list once again, 
   actually the oceanographic museum is quite a nice museum that was the worst of all . 
  small fish tanks the type that you can basically find in every zoo not to mention the big oceanariums . 
  the museum part had basically nothing except dusty ship models and at least hundred year old faded fish specimens . 
  although monaco should be . 
  one of the biggest `` meh '' experiences during my travels . 
  maybe i 'm just a bad observer but i was in lisbon about two weeks ago and the most of these kiosks did not actually sell any of the unique drinks mentioned in the article . 
  well , my attention to `` details '' is less than stellar ... 
  when you dress for a lazy day to meet friends and smoke some kush , but ca n't resist to join the procession and carry the virgin mary . 
  happens all the time . 
   even with all this technology and research , people still hold on tight to an idea . 
  what do you try to imply by that ? 
  what has advance in technology to do with religion ? 
  are we even close to answer the fundamental question : `` why is there something instead of nothing ? '', 
  ( heidegger ) . 
  the answer is a firm : no . 
  people , especially hardline atheists like dawkins are good at deflecting , but try find someone who has a sound explanation why the big bang happened . 
  why is life , universe and everything ( yeah i know , the answer is 42 ) ? 
  no one truly knows , so do n't judge religious people for their beliefs , you do n't know the answer to the ultimate question either . 
   as the attacks mount up , the individual profiling descends into morbid freefall and we overlook the most basic commonality : these crimes were all committed by men . 
  in fact , almost all mass murders are committed by men . 
  this is no coincidence . 
  i am concerned about the sanity of the journalist - oh wait her twitter username is @vegetarianjelly . 
  i got it . 
  meanwhile things are terrific back there in turkey eh ? 
  ah , birmingham everything is clear then . 
  the thing is that italy is pretty neat place up north , but there 's a clear gradient as you go south , and below rome it gets serious . 
  naples was shockingly run-down even by my standards , and calabria and basilicata are also really poor . 
  on the other hand slovenia looks orderly , and there are no sharp contrasts between different regions . 
  trust me up to this day i did n't even know that we have one, 
  i honestly expected erdogan to pop up on my screen . 
  while this is certainly done with inherently good intentions i am concerned that it will only increase distrust against traditional media and further turning towards alternative sources of questionable authenticity .
