   book clubs now that 's yet another thing you only see in us comedies . 
  like wearing shoes indoors . 
  [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ), 
   i am reading one book a week for fun . 
  but iam a really fast reader . 
  wonder how effective that is . 
  `` i took a speed-reading course and read war and peace in twenty minutes . 
  it involves russia . '', 
  ( woody allen ), 
  fair enough . 
  considering that some books are just one long shitpost printed an bound ... 
  yeah , bulgaria is an entirely different league with a solid 5 % difference . 
  the bibliophile capital of europe . 
  even browsing dank memes is better than reading some cheesy romance paperback . 
  very few people who do read engage in quality novels or non-fiction , and my gut feeling is that most of those who actually read something did not exactly educate themselves in the finer aspects of maupassant 's prose . 
  i am damn sure you want , mainly because there was none . 
  good luck following this advice in russia, 
   lili bayer these bayers are really into journalism, 
  its a neat idea but there 's nothing new about it . 
  all major hospitals have a running incubator , and not just a makeshift box placed out of sight where mothers can discreetly leave their newborn . 
   we created the world of knowledge to provide people who are curious and open minded with thought-provoking , educational , and useful information that will definitely blow your mind . 
  my mind is blown , but mainly because the buzzfeed level `` journalism '' . 
   the government hires so many people who ca n't find jobs in the labor market . 
  public work programs ( e.g. 
  new deal ) can be indeed useful , and can help some less competitive segments of the society into the workforce . 
  to achieve this goal however these has to be coupled with employee reeducation programs , so that these menial jobs do n't turn out to be a dead end . 
  unfortunately these are somewhat lukewarm here , and one can not get rid of the feeling that the primary intention is to reduce unemployment levels on paper . 
  imho this is a surprisingly well-written , streamlined article , well worth reading for anyone with a desire to understand what are the not so underlying problems of not just hungary but other ce countries in general - nothing like the usual exaggerating narrative . 
  edit : [ gilded age ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gilded_age ) ( for me it was til ), 
   well , tell me the big fucking difference you see here . 
  hell no , somehow not in the mood for an entirely [ pointless debate ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/hey-man-you-need-to-prove-that-your-view-is-1737678.png ) . 
  ah here comes r/europe-s black belt strawmanning expert , very good , very good . 
   the violence erupted on saturday in loshchynivka , in the odessa region , shortly after the body of a nine-year-old girl was found . 
  police said there were signs she had been raped . 
  a 21-year-old roma man is in custody , suspected of having murdered her . 
  its ukraine folks , people there got to stick together because there 's no nanny state to protect them and who i am or you to condemn them ?!, 
  yet bbc managed to turn into this to the usual armchair hypocrite fodder . 
  edit : typos, 
  arrogance and superiority complex at its finest . 
  we have to draw the line , and yes there must be an upper limit , contrary to what mutti babbles . 
  the overpopulation and climate change in the developing world coupled with the relative affluence of europe is a ticking bomb . 
  what will you do when tens of millions will start their exodus ? 
  there are only so many places in a lifeboat before it sinks killing all on board . 
  we need to help these people at home or close to it ( e.g. 
  refugee centers in countries surrounding syria ) . 
  hauling them here just aggravates the problem . 
  assuming he actually wanted do to a meaningful comparison ... 
   redditor for 8 days thanks for your expert opinion . 
  ok , so regarding those massaged eurostat data : the only factual evidence you mentioned is that estonia has a higher homicide rate . 
  now i am perfectly sure this is almost exclusively domestic violence ( but i would encourage any estonian to step in and educate us about these matters ) . 
  what people are worried about is however not domestic violence - walking alone late at night i wo n't worry about some alcoholic husband stabbing me , mainly because i do n't have one . 
  what we perceive as public safety is the threat posed by strangers , and no doctored statistics can overrule the fact dictated by common sense that this is better in ee countries . 
   you guys are more murdery than the americans and that 's quite the feat . 
  could you please come down your high hourse , a pesky ee peasant like me ca n't even see you anymore . 
  `` hysteria train '' lol what , `` happenings '' every week , but according to you its all nothing but hype and rage , and memeing neckbeards on 4chan . 
  do n't blame others for not drinking the kool-aid , its you who are in denial . 
  does the name rotherham ring a bell ? 
  dont worry the problem is not with you . 
  we should found a new eu , and call it v-power, 
  someone show these guy where isis is , they seem to have a hard time finding them . 
  austria without thinking . 
  the same based lot but with better pr , mountains , and being a century ahead of us . 
  unfair comparison . 
  this is europe you know , the beacon of civilization , we are obliged to welcome the entire developing world with open arms . 
   at today 's midday press briefing euractiv.com asked the commission how it was able to ensure an administration that was truly representative of the diversity of modern europe without such monitoring . 
  til you have to embrace diversity if you want to be considered modern in europe these days . 
  pro tip : read the comment section of the article, 
   to keep people content its not a `` feelgod '' fence , it serves a very real purpose . 
  meanwhile , austria has started to `` occassionally '' control the traffic at borders to search for illegal immigrants an human trafficker but in fact they have been doing this 0-24 in the last half year . 
  traffic jams are constant on the m1 motorway which means  2hrs waiting times . 
  all this happens on an intra-schengen-border but no one bats an eye . 
  in the meantime we are trying to monitor an external border of the schengen area in a civil and professional manner , which is frankly - our duty . 
  yet still there are the likes of you ( although rapidly diminishing in number ) who still keep flinging shit at us for doing this . 
   a video that saved countless lives . 
  i somehow expected to be rickrolled , but now i 'm disappointed . 
  ah , now i got it . 
  no it is n't that common . 
  traditionally janos would be a stereotypical name , but even that is n't true any longer as in the last decades all parents are desperately tring to come up with bizarre ultra-rare names for their kids . 
  upvote for using proper terminology ( football ) . 
  yes . 
  folks , we have 2 more free slots before closing because v8 sounds badass . 
  i was indeed , the `` balazs '' part is what i do n't get . 
  huh ? 
  v4 is clearly the new center of the eu when it comes to making news . 
   austria in 2016 : the so european such liberal austrians create a 18 km long traffic jam on a schengen border almost every day because of those beloved refugees . 
  typical hypocrites . 
  the traffic jam at hegyeshalom on the m1 motorway has become constant because of the `` occassional '' border controls which somehow take place every single day and non-stop . 
  now that 's the true balkan vibe !, 
  its quite obvious . 
  ethnic hungarian territories were taken , the fact that many parts of southern slovakia still have a hungarian majority after almost a century of oppression , forced relocation , and deprivation of linguistic rights is more telling than anything . 
  you know , without that `` magic wall '' you would be able to cheer for 3000 migrants daily ( ! ), 
  at the westbahnhof so maybe slow down a bit and think before whining about it . 
  regarding the fence on the slovenian border : it was only a makeshift rolled out barbed wire that was removed two days later . 
  convincing , elaborate argument, 
  ottomans invaded an independent hungary after the battle of moh\u00e1cs . 
  even before that centuries of border clashes , and the neccessity of maintaining a several hundred km-long line of border fortification drained the budget of the kingdom . 
  the constant turkish agression had a devastating effect on the hungarian population - in the high middle ages the southern part of the historical hungary was 100 % [ hungarian ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3b/ethnic_map_of_11th_century.jpg ) by the time the turkish occupation ended it has become an [ ethnic serb ] ( http://www.sulinet.hu/oroksegtar/data/magyar_tortenelem_es_kultura/magyarok_szorvanyban_es_kisebbsegben/images/1700as.jpg ) region . 
  for the millionth time , the austro-hungarian border is intra-schengen , whereas the one betweeen hungary and serbia is an external border , which we are obliged to monitor and defend . 
  and yes , its not our job to hold back every single migrant who have already passed an eu member country before , and many of which where hauled in by human traffickers , including [ austrians ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000043404752/anklage-gegen-oesterreicher-wegen-schlepperei-in-ungarn ), 
  after being almost wiped out from existence what do you expect ?
