  of funds ? 
   le pen vs juppe seems like it would be a landslide in favour of juppe , even if the current polling is somewhat off . 
  yeah le pen is totally a hopeless underdog who stands no chance , i think we have seen that scenario though i ca n't remember where exactly . 
  we have also recently wittnessed the pinpoint accuracy and predictive value of `` polls '' . 
   i do n't even recognize your user name . 
  that 's good . 
  i on the other hand are quite familiar with your views due to you being a very active user in this sub . 
  imho its far more difficult to be a neutral mod when you are also deeply involved in the day-to-day affairs of the sub . 
  lets just hope you are not about the become a new dclauzel . 
  good luck with that username on this sub mate . 
  juncker is an idiot fair and square . 
  a prominent member of the so-called establishment whose hubris and elitism lead to the ongoing tectonic shift in western politics . 
  ^ / u/marktplatz better start preparing for my permaban . 
   choose a job you love , and you will never have to work a day in your life . 
  its a delicate situation . 
  a documented pepe-user has been elected potus . 
  expect official us government pepes to appear incorporating the results of decades of military research in tactical memetics ( this was done in area 51 of course which is its sole purpose ) . 
  the new alt-right pepes will be so powerful that merely looking at them will make angela merkel ragepost on 4chan . 
  orb\u00e1n is not far-right stop perpetrating this nonsense . 
  he 's a classic anti-establishment populist with a good sense of the general trajectory of politics ( he predicted both brexit and trump becoming potus long before ) - nothing more . 
  we have a minimum voter turnout , and imho its bad . 
  its your best interest to go to the ballot and cast your vote . 
  why should be the election invalid just because a given percentage of voter did n't care enough ? 
  after all they voluntarily skipped their opportunity to have an influence on the results . 
  actually you can vote for anyone - and that anyone is fidesz for the majority of the population , its that simple . 
  we havent developed advanced meme magic yet . 
  nope . 
  orb\u00e1n set a mouse trap for jobbik - and it worked . 
  jobbik voters are the most ardent supporters of the quota - yet the jobbik mps blocked the bill from passing , the lame excuse being that the fast-track citizenship for investment ( mainly used by a small number of rich from developing countries ) should go as well . 
  the jobbik-supporters are now feeling betrayed . 
  not to mention that his other risky bet ( openly supporting trump months before the elections ) played out exactly as he planned . 
  was there a good option ? 
  the answer is imho no . 
  hillary was not a single bit more convincing or credible , and her campaign had its ugly underbelly . 
  this election was basically about damage control . 
  nope . 
  and things are getting almost too good orb\u00e1n . 
  the quota long con is playing out nicely - the far-right ran into the trap and is currently disintegrated like a piece of haribo under the fidesz steamroller . 
  moreover lets not forget that he was the first incumbent president to speak positively about trump in july , it will very likely pay off . 
  we hungarians already live in the world created by the_viktor for 6 years in a row ... 
  this is actually not a bad advice at all mate . 
  us media ( e.g. 
  the nyt app ) have a tendency to send notifications at 3am cet . 
   at least 15 percent of all hungarian personal arms include the severed head of a turk i sense that would make great material for a r/dataisbeautiful thread, 
  love those three big drops of blood . 
  attention to detail makes a fine coat of arms . 
  what this campaign again proves that facts are n't worth shit against baseless accusations and a smear campaign built on the media dominance . 
  it really looked like a david and goliath fight where almost all news outlets were shilling for hillary like there 's no tomorrow . 
  clinton 's presidency would suck , but not exactly like monica lewinsky did in '98 int the oral office . 
  that . 
  the conveniently overlooked fact that nobel peace prize winner barack obama 's administration triggered the total meltdown in the me that was sarcastically called `` arabian sping '' . 
  also hillary received an awful lot of funding for her campaign from the saudi terror state . 
  aka fidesz set a an obvious trap for jobbik which they walked into knowingly . 
  this will be huge blow for their reputation in the long run . 
  coincidentally pro-fidesz media outlets have recently launched a full-fledged war on jobbik . 
  orb\u00e1n again outsmarted his opponents . 
  someone apparently watched escape from the alcatraz . 
  none of these are default subs anyway , except maybe politics . 
  but subredditsimulator can be fun in small doses . 
  thanks thats a lot of til . 
  hey , relax she did n't even specify which donald would be enough for her . 
  ok , this one definitely needs some explanation, 
  # 20 - brazil # 24 - russia # 29 - saudi arabia and then : # 44 - hungary # 48 - bulgaria # 50 - romania i call bullshit . 
   fine with letting experts do their jobs `` who 's to say who 's an expert ? 
  ( paul newman ), 
  some people still have trouble understanding the streisand effect . 
   that matches both pis 's and fidesz 's rhetoric , aka . 
  ` facts and logic does n't matter , only people 's interpretation them ' . 
  that 's really suave strawmanning , but it does n't answer my point ( in fact it rather underlines it ) . 
  the term `` populism '' has been hijacked and perpetually abused/misused by those who only believe in democracy as long as the libertarian parties supported by them are in power . 
   mama 's boys ah the hubris of bloomberg . 
  this is really denigratory for the majority of these people who could n't afford to live on their own . 
  your magic ball seems to be malfunctioning . 
  buy a real one instead of the soros foundation promotional gift . 
  `` populism '' is a great blanket statement , generally favored by those who are running low on actual arguments against a given political movement . 
  the really dangerous thing about guardian is how on the surface it looks like a serious newspaper unlike the classic tabloids ( e.g. 
  sun ) that reek of bs from miles . 
  fun fact : communists desperately tried to whitewash the russian involvement in the revolution , and they went so far that they even created a fictional military officer , captain gusev who deserted from the russian army and supported the hungarians . 
  even streets were named after this fictional hero . 
  krak\u00f3w is excellent , but beware it has became almost as touristy as prague . 
  i really like gdansk as well , not sure if its a great winter destination though . 
  we are enlightened enough to avoid joking about our neighbors and instead target a distant country . 
  great map if you want to maximalize the number of countries triggered !, 
  yeah , we equally work our ass off . 
   it may be ok to be among those soldier . 
  but to monumentalize those is quite another thing . 
  fair enough the speech is as far as i can tell typical propaganda bs . 
  but i would n't judge anyone prematurely based on a rather short autotranslated news article . 
  its ok , these were drafted soldiers deprived of all information . 
  they had no choice other than obeying their or orders or risk getting court-martialled and sentenced to death , or being sent to a labor camp . 
  actually i pay someone to translate my comment drafts . 
  i sincerely hope so, 
  it was not from a memorial . 
  the tank was part of a temporary open air exhibition and was otherwise functional . 
  no one thought that there will be grampa with military experience who actually knew how to open the emergency hatch from the outside and start the engine ... 
   never leave your purse on the floor , or else you will lose money well , that sounds legit to me, 
  nicely done , really makes you feel closer to the events that happened 60 years ago . 
  btw if anyone visits budapest its still not that difficult to spot signs of shots on the facade of some buildings due to rather `` infrequent '' renovations . 
  quite parochial , though the subscriber count is increasing steadily , the number of regulars is small enough to more or less know each others attitude . 
   it 's clear that these are not good signs , but we need more information , '' paolo ferri , head of mission operations at the european space operations centre ( esoc ) in darmstadt , germany , told a briefing .
