  fair enough . 
  ps why is that `` porno '' sounds a lot more kinky than simply porn ? 
  just because the height of mt. 
  everest is increasing it does n't mean it will reach 10km within our life , even if we wish for it . 
  ps i did downvote you . 
  no david cumeron in the cast ? 
  not if you register for a monthly porn licence at the local council . 
  involves quite a bit of paperwork . 
  yeah then what is it ? 
  as i recall this mindset was basically unheard of before this refugee clusterfuck began . 
  these threads really show just how miserable the eu has become . 
  there are peole arguing with a straight face that central european members should be kicked out over a dispute about a bunch of mena illegal immigrants . 
  the actual fuck ... 
  agreed . 
  meh , macrons come and go . 
  people like orban stay and play . 
  and no matter if redditors are salty about it as long as he can outdo the miserable opposition he will continue to be democratically reelected . 
  underrated comment, 
  do n't really care about this tbh, 
  todays episode of wrestlemania, 
  agreed you ca n't expect polite discussion with the v4 without offering a few rounds of spirits first . 
  thanks man my sides are currently on geostationary orbit . 
  sweden was a surprise for sure, 
  i would donate quite a few bucks for this project , hurry up and put it on kickstarter . 
  my personal request : include soros as sauron . 
   science : sea related probably a nasty reference to the fine craftmanship called vasa ? 
  do nothing but still die by the sword . 
  quite an achievement . 
  / pol memes of the 18th century were apparently no less spicy, 
  highly interesting , i wonder what would be her reason . 
  it would be certainly worthy of an interview . 
  i feel genuinely sorry for her . 
  she has been through so much but this clusterfuck and the rapidly increasing amount of incidents likely takes its toll on her health . 
  that escalated into an ad hominem quickly !, 
  welcome to jackass !, 
  this is a v4-related thread , please bear that in mind . 
  since they have no interest whatsoever this question is anyway off the table . 
  besides v4 does not have to work on enlargement , its not some kind of country club seeking new members . 
  if countries with shared values show interest then they should be considered , but thats all . 
  croatia would fit in nicely though , and then additionally we would create a complete a good looking land belt between the mediterranean and the baltic . 
  `` you know , some irish beers like hop house are actually not that bad '', 
  reuters coverage in english : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-attacks-brussels-iduskbn19b2wk?il=0  het laatste nieuws tabloid newspaper quoted what it said were witnesses saying a man shouted `` allahu akbar '' in arabic before a small explosion . 
  hmmm, 
  well it is certainly tailored to the mindset of starbucks target population, 
  username checks out . 
   only killed himself without injuring anybody r/upliftingnews, 
  daily ? 
  its like hourly now . 
  we are apparently witnessing the beginning a new period of troubles , that will definitely dwarf the original one . 
  huntington was spot on about this more than 20 years ago . 
  let their wish be respected , just like ours . 
  there 's definitely room for improvement here . 
  this time ? 
  nothing is impossible in hungarian football . 
  we should build the limes , and make barbarians pay for it !, 
  we are drinking from the danube for now . 
  as long as you stick to the oceanic coast you are fine . 
  last year i remember that i had to wear a sweater in nazar\u00e9 , while on the same evening i almost died from heat shock in coimbra . 
  i myself have chinese fidget spinners that i bought from aliexpress . 
  small parts can really come loose but otherwise they spin round round just fine . 
  we should get back asia minor then according to your own logic . 
  rightful christian clay !, 
  this obvious aggressive cultural bullying could never happen here . 
   what now ? 
  maybe give a credible source for a start . 
  bilbao has been climatized by the basque . 
  so you are using a quote originally used to illustrate growing muslim radicalism and antisemitic violence by mena immigrants in western europe to try to depict orban as an antisemite ? 
  jeez ... 
  for all the downvoters : you really do n't care to actually open the link , do n't you ? 
  what the hell did he expect here ? 
  pensioners have been sent to correction programs for a single edgy facebook comment . 
  you have a new unlocked achievement in the game of life , kudos !, 
  that bust eerily reminds me to the guy in the remove kebab meme . 
  could be finished in any century now . 
  this is a risky post for sure though . 
  no shit !, 
  a bit stretching the meaning of the word `` monument '' but otherwise ok . 
  i expected something more comparable to the siegess\u00e4ule . 
  dude , i use it every single day , literally just checked 10 seconds ago . 
  sci-hub . cc has already fixed this issue . 
  always found f1 with those vroooooom-vrooomm noises an excellent backdrop for an afternoon nap on the sofa . 
  it was asmr experience even though no one knew about that back then . 
  how dare you come here and disturb op with facts ? 
  jeez its a post truth world show some manners and appeal for emotions !, 
  agenda pushing much ? 
  did n't know anal sex is something that had to be invented . 
  has the patent expired yet ? 
  quite the opposite is also a possibility , namely a rock hard brexit , if the internal political situation of the uk does not stabilise and consequently the brexit negotiations suffer significant delay . 
  the eu made it very clear that 2019 is an absolute deadline and the uk membership will cease regardless whether things will be settled by then . 
  orb\u00e1n be like `` i 'm gon na fix population decline all by myself '', 
  embracing natural selection i guess . 
  the middle class and upwards is mostly physically active , its largely the lower class which is affected , and particularly the women follow the curvy at 20 - chubby at 30 - landwhale at 50 course . 
   in the coffee houses , you 'll see dobostorta , a five-layer chocolate buttercream concoction topped with glazed caramel ; somloi galuska , a chocolate and rum sponge cake ; and gesztenyepure , a chestnut pur\u00e9e served with whipped cream . 
  in markets you can buy slabs of fried dough covered in cheese , bread served with goose fat and lumps of lard and , of course , lashings of goulash . 
  wow that 's a lot of drama with no relation to the problem whatsoever . 
  dobostorta is not something i start my days with , and goulash is actually a very balanced food that can be made with lots of veggies and lean meat . 
  deep frying every perceiveble ingredient however does make people fat . 
  the obsession with french fries and all kinds of potato as a side dish also does . 
  the still rampant preference for white bread with high gylcemic index takes is toll as well . 
  not to mention the widespread acceptance of the absolutely sedentary couch potato lifestyle .
