  `` contributions '' like this make me think why we ca n't vote for the most ignorant comment of the day on each sub, 
   it was a the hungarian pravda 30 years ago but it had always been with one of the highest journalistic standards in hungary . 
  til its not agenda pushing if you do it with style . 
  well , the fact that this was the main opposition newspaper certainly tells a lot about the opposition , especially mszp . 
  their miraculous transformation from rabid communists to enlightened western democrats is quite spectacular . 
   a paper literally named `` liberty '' . 
  ironically it was founded by communists after brutally crushing the revolution in 1956 . 
  [ link to the online version of the journal ] ( http://nol.hu/ ) currently there 's only a press release there ( also in english ) , all the content has been taken down , but its not entirely clear whats behind all the commotion . 
  in many ways airbnb is definitely disruptive . 
  the same issue has emerged in budapest , students , young couples , so people generally not exactly well off are now struggling to find flats to rent in downtown . 
  cointreau with coffee you say ? 
  you know how to live that 's for sure . 
  splits over eu test relations between visegrad four issue of reforming brussels is dividing regional alliances ahead of talks on brexit 8 hours ago by : henry foy in warsaw and andrew byrne in budapest even though they were relative latecomers to the eu , the bloc 's central european members managed to maximised their clout by working and voting together in brussels . 
  now the ties that bind poland , hungary , the czech republic and slovakia -- the so-called visegrad four -- are beginning to fray , undermining their influence in the eu . 
  divergent responses to the question of how the eu moves on after brexit are splitting the quartet , named after the hungarian town where the four countries agreed to form an alliance in 1991 . 
  poland and hungary are increasingly animated by eurosceptic and illiberal rhetoric that diplomats say is distancing them from slovakia and the czech republic . 
  `` visegrad may seem coherent from the outside , but when it comes to real foreign policy strategies , [ the ] czech republic and slovakia are looking elsewhere , '' said peter kreko , director of political capital , a budapest think-tank . 
  `` they still feel that aligning with the eu mainstream is far more valuable than for the v4 to stand together and alone . '' poland 's ruling law and justice party and hungary 's government have emerged as brussels ' most vocal critics following the brexit referendum , jointly calling for radical changes to the eu 's governing treaties . 
  a protest in budapest in september against viktor orban 's migration policy \u00a9 afp viktor orban , the hungarian prime minister , on sunday held a national referendum to reject eu migration policies , then blasted brussels ' ruling elite as `` loud , anti-democratic and violent '' . 
  meanwhile , the law and justice party is being investigated by the eu for breaching rules safeguarding democracy . 
  their drive to reduce the power of eu institutions to create a looser `` union of national capitals '' has startled officials in prague and bratislava , who have responded by distancing themselves from their partners and emphasising their close relationship with brussels and berlin . 
  as mr orban took his latest swipe at brussels , slovakia was this week hosting a visit from german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier in an effort to reaffirm its relationship with berlin . 
  a two-tier model for europe rather than viewing brexit as a threat , the eu should treat it as an opportunity `` two plus two has become the new normal , '' one senior diplomat from the region told the financial times . 
  `` [ since the summer ] the atmosphere has changed and the chemistry in the group has got much worse . '' such divergence , diplomats warn , will weaken the hand of a group that has steadily gained sway in the eu since its members joined the bloc in 2004 . 
  its most obvious achievement was the election of polish prime minister donald tusk as eu council president in 2014 . 
  but visegrad influence has also secured huge eu subsidies to upgrade eastern europe 's roads , railways and cities ; to pay for infrastructure to connect their energy networks ; and diluted climate change rules that would have hurt their coal mines and related power stations . 
  the group was also the key stumbling block that thwarted david cameron 's attempts to secure migration curbs as part of his eu renegotiation efforts . 
  slovakia is inside the eurozone , making it more integrated in the bloc . 
  as the current holder of the eu 's rotating presidency , it has tried to adopt the role of a consensual broker and tone down its nationalist stance . 
  the czech republic has traditionally seen itself as the most `` western '' of the group , and values its relationship with germany -- the eu 's most important power broker -- more than any of its allies . 
  while the czech and slovak governments support some form of eu reform , they are uncomfortable with some of the rhetoric coming out of warsaw and budapest . 
  european leaders ( left to right ) : slovakia 's robert fico , poland 's beata szydlo , czech republic 's bohuslav sobotka and hungary 's viktor orban \u00a9 afp despite their resistance , polish and hungarian officials have repeatedly insisted that the four countries jointly support changes to the eu 's governing treaties . 
  that has made the regular meetings between the leaders of the four countries ahead of all eu summits increasingly prickly , officials that have attended the meetings say . 
  `` there are some countries that want to go deeper in reforms , '' slovakian prime minister robert fico said this month , in a reference to poland and hungary . 
  `` i do not think that everything is ok , but at the same time i do not think we should go near the treaties . '' two diplomats from the region said prague and bratislava could start showcasing alternative alliances , including with austria , as a way of signalling displeasure with the harsh rhetoric coming from hardliners in the group . 
  there is also resistance to mr orban 's suggestion of expanding v4 co-operation to include croatia , which is seen as an attempt to tilt the group 's ideological balance towards warsaw and budapest . 
  `` we do n't want to kill off visegrad co-operation , we see great value in it , '' said one diplomat from the region . 
  `` but we do n't want it to be used as a shield for some kind of crazy cultural revolution . '' `` it is getting less and less comfortable to be seen as part of the bloc ... v4 is a toxic brand , '' said one czech official . 
  `` all we can do is send messages to the west and attempt damage limitation . '', 
   in the eye of the brits who supported brexit , you eastern europeans are disgusting leeches just as much as syrians then i feel sorry for the pro-bremain brits who have to share a country with these narrow-minded dumbasses . 
  you are comparing apples with bananas, 
   off italian coast that 's not entirely correct you know , these barges barely leave libyan waters . 
  i have positively no idea but i do n't think that the constitutional court has any authority in changes affecting the constitution itself . 
  if the parliament accepts the changes only the signature of the president is needed in order to ratify the alterations . 
  afaik that 's the way . 
  make it mandatory to retrofit them with loudspeakers blasting flamenco music, 
  poland can not into electric ? 
  a civil society that can be hollowed out solely by a pompous buffoon was n't very useful anyway but that 's not the case here . 
  orb\u00e1n - for now - visibly outperforms ( not that it is particularly difficult ) his predecessors ( socialists ) in every perceivable way , and this is what keeps him in power . 
  please make yourself a bit more familiar with the issue before coming to conclusions like this, 
  he is the least bad option atm , and there 's no trustworthy opposition leader in sight who could challenge him . 
  i have to highlight that the overwhelming majority of the hungarian people do support his hardline stance on migration , its the neverending tantrum that annoys them . 
   still a can on wheels . 
  we had one and crashed one . 
  the fact that you are able to comment here atm seems to disprove your argument . 
  please read the r/mapporn thread . 
  people pointed out numerous errors in this map there . 
   germany made mistakes in the refugee crisis that 's quite an understatement, 
  this model is the early 90s curvy version though , and was quite advanced for its age . 
  many came with procon-ten which is the next best thing after having an actual airbag . 
  pretty much everyone agrees regardless of party preferences and whether she/he voted or not that the whole thing was just another bravado . 
  it was a non-binding referendum about an unconstitutional question as it is not legally possible to have a referendum about changing the constitution . 
  if you ca n't wrap your head around all this its ok , the problem is not with you . 
  what orb\u00e1n did is essentially a large and expensive poll that has no impact on the further course of action . 
  you are at least two weeks ahead of us . 
  forcing countries ? 
  terrific . 
  if the eu disintegrates it will very likely because of this bullying mentality . 
  yes , yes we phone great , much thankings !, 
  we do speaking english sehr good . 
  we be fluent . 
  stop spreading bs . 
  participation rate hardly ever goes above 60 % here , most of those who stayed at home simply did n't care . 
  not refusing them . 
  but no parties except the microscopic liberals campaigned for voting yes . 
  charta/carta are both correct, 
   legal systems based on magna cara that 's an interesting misspelling of `` charta '' . 
  it was not a binding referendum anyway , they only did this for the show . 
  the funniest thing is that it was fidesz that altered the legislation by adding this 50 % threshold . 
   but i do n't see how they could 've possibly gained support from this . 
  see , they passed the point long time already where they needed any additional ( ! ), 
  support . 
  as long as the status quo is undisturbed , the shattered opposition parties are sitting ducks for orb\u00e1n 's monolithic steamroller . 
  these miserable slobs could n't even find a common ground this time : vote yes !, 
  ( liberals ) ; stay at home !, 
  ( socialists ) ; go vote but make it invalid ( dog party ) . 
  i ca n't even recall what lmp proposed if they even bothered at all . 
   people do n't give a shit . 
  before you pop that mo\u00ebt to celebrate i have to remind you that there is occassionally a thing called general election . 
  not giving a shit , staying home , and jacking off is not an opinion . 
  what this election shows again is that the right is organized , disciplined , and dutifully goes to vote . 
  mszp kicked itself in the nut by campaigning for staying home , which is super easy , but the 2018 elections ca n't be won by dicking around at home and their voters were already extremely passive . 
  in long term this whole farce again benefitted orb\u00e1n only . 
  that 's right . 
  advising people to stay home - that 's what the socialists do - is actually self-harming . 
  people tend to make a habit of it , and they wo n't turn up even at the elections - where their vote would actually matter . 
  the real losers of this election are again the socialists . 
  the solution offered by the two-headed dog party is however brilliant in this respect - be there , but make your vote invalid so it does n't boost the turnout . 
  its the new whack-a-phone game . 
  last time the deadline was in january .
