  and before anyone asks : it did n't start with orban , the refugees , or the quotas . 
  it 's was precisely the same when we used to have a socialist government whose foreign politics can be summed up by `` free bj for everyone '' . 
  the appropriate spitting technique is what matters most . 
  drink less from erdogans kool-aid, 
  yeah sorry , on second thought i really care about the fate of a bunch of barbaric terrorists . 
  what do they have to offer ? 
  nazi scientists like von braun had actual knowledge , while the only thing we could possibly learn from these isis retards is the most effective method of fingerbanging a goat . 
  just let kurds deliver justice in their own way . 
  now imagining maltese ultras politely sipping their capuccino at halftime is almost surreal, 
  finding a downvoted and ungilded vernazza comment ? 
  what year is this ? 
  `` racist '' is quite a stretch here tho, 
  so doubling down on a `` plan '' that already failed . 
  slow clap . 
  perfectly fine as long as you have a feminine penis . 
  [ can i define my very own specific gender ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/6xnpjczkxgo ), 
   white people still dominate german industry/services and this needs to change immediately . 
  i seriously do n't know whether it 's bait at this point ... 
  this . 
  we are also going to have elections next year . 
  to put it simple whoever proposes top accept the quotas can take the next four years in opposition granted . 
  let it go . 
  with the brexit shitstorm looming larger on the horizon the people of the uk surely are in desperate need of clean pants . 
  we need moar popcorn, 
  smart people learn from the experience of * others * though . 
  less eloquently : you do n't have try to eat shit to know that its no food . 
  personally i always feel more comfortable in boeing aircrafts , somehow they feel roomier regardless of the airline . 
  the airbus a321 is simply cancer , narrow body planes so long should n't be allowed to exist , it takes eons to fill the plane from a single bridge . 
  banning lgbt people from giving blood is pretty much regular practice , and the remnant of an era when hiv was literally a death sentence ( haart threapy did n't became available until ' 95 , and progression to aids could be until recently only delayed ) . 
  before 1985 hiv was unidentified even though researchers already knew around 82-3 what aids is and that it is transmitted by a bloodborne viral pathogen ( trivia : the original name of aids was grid - gay-related immunodeficiency , as it was so common among gays due to the vibrant bath house scene ) . 
  therefore the decision was made to just exclude all lgbt people from becoming blood donors . 
  indeed . 
  on a side note a mixture of 2/3 sunflower oil and 1/3 butter works imho better since butter alone burns super easily . 
  classic understatement coming from a brit ^ tips ^ fedora, 
  keep your eye on the ball please , since the real problem is that no matter who receives asylum you can hardy send anyone back . 
  i have n't seen a plausible plan about the relocation of those denied asylum rights , and i sincerely doubt if it is feasible at all . 
  these people have absolutely no incentives to cooperate , and due to conditions in the sending countries its mostly bona fide impossible to determine their nationality and identity . 
  yeah the mongols are a great example . 
   afro-eurasia has been an inviting place for mass migrations . 
  in other words at least half of the population of hungary was genocided by said mongols , see how well it went ? 
  after that the black death was like a gentle tease . 
   carlotta sami of unhcr , the un 's refugee agency , estimates that more than 170,000 migrants are in italian reception centres or are being housed by local authorities . 
  guys we are cleary on collision course here , at this point i ca n't wrap my head around how one can seriously argue about the quotas . 
  if a few thousand migrants/country caused such a shitstorm then what will we though when the consequent even bigger waves of illegal immigration will hit ? 
  much of africa and especially countries like nigeria is undergoing a population boom right now , with no economy to provide these people with jobs . 
  things will go * really * south pretty soon if we do n't stop all operations near the libyan coast immediately . 
  dafuq did i just read . 
  wiener schnitzel is actually the epithome of healthy food . 
  its mostly meat ( protein ) , coated with a very thin batter ( fat + carbs ) , comes with lingonberry jam ( fruits ) , and a side of potato salad ( veggies ) . 
  soylent eternally btfo 'd . 
  so not all the flak should be directed at bkk , ( though they are as incompetent as it can possibly get , but at least we knew that ), 
  - 1896 - first subway on the continent - 2017 - ticket system that can be `` hacked '' by a tech-savy high schooler in 10 seconds . 
  actually the system which ingeniously defined the price by the url was `` designed '' by t-systems . 
  estonia can not into anything this time . 
  also their site is rigged so that it will progressively increase the price for the same rental options if you repeatedly check availability . 
  if you however delete your cookies the price will immediately go back to the original ... 
  yeah but it is n't present in most of europe . 
  europcar is actually a fairly highly priced company and when i rented from them with a complete waiver they also did n't bother at all to check the car . 
  the same goes for avis . 
  sixt on the other hand is a fuckin bunch of scumbags that everyone should avoid like the plague . 
  the death penalty is exactly the right kind of treatment for the perpetrators of such vile acts . 
  this steaming bs that everyone deserves a second chance no matter what they did has to come to an end . 
  go for the full damage waiver or you are literally sitting duck . 
  nothing can prevent tiny scratches , or others carelessly opening their door onto your rental leaving microscopic dents that will be nevertheless registered as significant `` damage '' upon return . 
  and these companies charge the most they possibly can . 
  a tiny scratch at the rim of the door ? 
  if that would be your car you probably would n't even bother . 
  but they will charge you for the fee of the complete repainting of the door , plus the missed rental fee of the car for the time of the repair and an administrative fee as well - the fun part is that they usually do n't do any of these repairs . 
  [ record scratch ] [ freeze frame ] yup thats me . 
  you 're probably wondering how i ended up in this situation, 
  nah they will just double down , its perfectly ok if schultz says it, 
  its really nothing special but i do n't see either why this hate is going on against pizza hawaii . 
  it really depends on the sauce , with tomato-based toppings its a weird combination but it goes well with the pizza bianca-style . 
  i remember cruising through kavos early in the morning crystal clear . 
  it was like raccoon city meets benidorm . 
  the trash of drunken `` revellers '' everywhere people having visible ( ! ), 
  hangover lying on the sunbeds curled up into fetal position . 
  it was quite fascinating in fact . 
  edit : one more thing people , its the holiday season be extremely alert where to consume alcohol . 
  the sugar and all this colorful gunk they put into cheap cocktails will mask the foul taste of just about any bootleg liquor they used . 
  and as for methanol you are not even safe if you drink shots , as that shit literally smells and tastes better than ethanol . 
  10-20 ml of methanol is not much but enough to finish your optic nerve and make you permanently blind . 
  please stay supicious folks and keep away from these mamading-style bar crawls , if unsure rather just drink bottled beer . 
  did n't elvis always eat something like this ? 
  agreed , if 2010 is a `` forecast '' then these `` data '' are as stale as it can get , not to mention greece 's increasing ranking which is another telltale sign that it was made before 2008 . 
  so cuba will be more developed by 2025 than sweden ?!, 
  what kind of bullshitometrics is this ? 
  i think its not about the face value of roman coins but about the value of gold itself which was higher back then . 
  also the value of everyday items like a barrel of wine back then and now can form the basis of an arbitrary comparison . 
  i 've read somewhere that crassus was the richest man ever if corrected for inflation . 
  well the cloaca maxima was built for a reason ... 
  mate at this very moment  10k migrants are `` arriving '' into italy every weekend , aka they are fished out within clear sight of the libyan coast . 
  there 's an ongoing population shift that will unlike the ephemeral economic successes stay with us ( or more precisely with you ) . 
  to acknowledge it you do n't have to be far-right , alt-right , just simply right . 
  the romans really had an advanced knowledge in material sciences . 
  the wise use of travertine , a lightweight and easily worked but very robust limestone made it possible to build megstructures like the colosseum in a reasonable timeframe . 
  having a bazillion of slaves also kinda helped though . 
  looks like a poorly written garage blog , but at least everything is referenced , and the cited news outlets are mostly decent ( dw , ft , nyt , some local papers ), 
  til its no longer a functioning democracy if i do n't like the decision of the majority .
