  high humidity is a lot worse than the heat itself . 
  when i stepped out the hall at kansai airport in early september it was like entering a sauna . 
  here its a solid 15-20c and mostly cloudy . 
  we had multiple heavy showers during the last couple of days . 
  quite enjoyable imho . 
  the atlantic ocean coupled with prevailing wind blowing from the west has a massive cooling effect on portugal which matters a lot more than the latitude . 
  bosnia 's parliament looks like the bastard child of the pirelli tower and a commie block, 
  is it just me but that eerily reminds me of the architecture of the third reich . 
  even the nude statues look like they were made by arno breker . 
  but christians and jews largely dropped the idea of interpreting it literally which is a huge difference, 
  this is now obsolete . 
  a similar map showing current data would be interesting but not this, 
  this is not my post in case you did n't notice, 
  see it does n't really matter . 
  what matters is that turkey is now member of an `` elite '' club of countries where things can go south any moment . 
  they have just posted the photo of a dead soldier in the live thread - killed by akp islamists, 
  do n't be so sure . 
  the pro-erdogan state media got in operation, 
  at this scale ? 
  watch the footage , there is a full-blown armed conflict going on . 
  if it is staged then its the biggest con i have ever seen . 
   i hope noone dies at this coup way too late ... 
  we are in the middle of a very serious situation . 
  take everything with a grain of salt . 
  conflicting reports everywhere . 
  some say the entire army involved , some sources say only a minority . 
  no one knows it for sure right now . 
  erdogan is giving interviews and successfully rallied his fans , not likely to apply for asylum atm . 
  he is the ceaucescu-type of dictator , playing the game of thrones until the very end, 
  interesting , but what could be the motive behind this ? 
  this is big mess full of risks , what perceived benefits make it worthy to do ? 
  new videos of tanks running over vehicles , clashes with akp protesters - civil war . 
  from nothing to coup in 30 minutes , from coup to civil war in 2 hours . 
  at this speed we will in the middle of ww3 by the morning . 
  but at what cost ? 
  pyrrhic victory at best . 
  now pro-erdogan protesters seized tanks - gentlemen we are witnessing the birth of a failed state . 
  erdogan rallied akp supporters against the military - even though he knew that it will result in bloodshed - this is madness, 
  basically that 's it , we can only hope for a bloodless , clean coup . 
  erdogan regaining power after this would mean an even more extreme course and further curbing of civil rights . 
  the worst-case scenario is a full-blown civil war but that ca n't ( ? ), 
  happen in a nato member country . 
   turkey erdogan in airplane , refused landing at #istanbul , now trying to seek asylum in germany , us defense officials say , @msnbc edit : not confirmed meanwhile in the live thread . 
  bloody hell this is happening too fast, 
  trt has declared a curfew and airports closed , according to sky news . 
  - just reported in the live thread, 
  [ turkey 's military general staff has just announced ` full control of government ' across the country . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/martinchulov/status/754050268225044481 ), 
  negative , not even on r/worldnews right now . 
  it is unfolding really fast . 
  its still in operation though - no flights diverted ( flightradar ), 
  [ both of istanbul 's bosphorus bridges closed ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-istanbul-bridges-iduskcn0zv2fe?il=0 ) edit : [ jets flying over the city ] ( https://twitter.com/hazalkoptagel/status/754035715709739008 ) edit2 : rumors of nationwide social media blackout . 
  turkish redditors : is that true ? 
  edit3 : [ report of possible shooting by afp affiliate ] ( https://twitter.com/dmitryzaksafp/status/754044200321216514 ) edit4 : [ military coup underway according to cnn correspondent citing pm ] ( https://twitter.com/jimsciutto/status/754044413391822848?lang=en ), 
  even on twitter there are mostly just speculations right now , gunfire heard in ankara and such . 
  i was not asking about the content , i was asking about the website . 
  so the french national assemby is now not a credible source ? 
  there has been a clash of civilizations going on for a very long time, 
  show your flair first before talking shit about other countries . 
  but you have most likely never been to portugal anyway . 
  moderate rebels aka terrorists too occupied killing other terrorists atm, 
  very credible source . 
  an amaetur website of some basement-anarchist . 
   it 's too late for my country if charles martel did not say that in an infinitely more desperate situation you should n't say it either . 
  its not about the people its about being hostage of an ideology that deeply indoctrinates you against anything that does not fit into it . 
  the other problem is that godforsaken shitholes like saud arabia and the gulf states have been supporting terrorism , and the spread of wahhabi extremism for decades - all the while being `` allies '' of the usa . 
  well it certainly wo n't go away by just denying it either, 
  against whom and on how many different fronts ? 
  what to do with islamists holding eu citizenship ? 
  what to do against many thousands of sleeper agents with fake identity that infiltrated the eu posing as illegal immigrants ? 
  i just ca n't find the words to express my feelings right now . 
  meh , if it looks good its rigged . 
  but it looks terrible then it must be true . 
   if you want to be mean more like if you want to be a dick, 
   croatia : the most catholic nation in europe congrats , you have just waked the dragon called poland, 
   one man who had been stopped inside hungary in a group of 30 to 40 people , including women and children , said they were beaten for two hours : `` i have n't even seen such beating in the movies . 
  five or six soldiers took us one by one to beat us . 
  they tied our hands with plastic handcuffs on our backs . 
  they beat us with everything , with fists , kicks and batons . 
  they deliberately gave us bad injuries . '' damned lies as usual . 
  need a hug ? 
  no it is n't . 
  i bet it was n't even done by a hungarian , but someone who wants to give us a bad name . 
  edit : uploaded to imgur 21 mins ago . 
  google image search brings up nothing . 
  you just made this up huh ? 
  maybe , but she seems pretty adamant about brexit - for now . 
  its not an easy situation for sure , not to mention that farage would benefit tremendously from the uk backing out from it ( who knows , maybe that 's what he secretly hopes for ? 
   so we have to seize the chance to get out into the world and help british firms to do business all around the globe . 
  as if anyone was stopping you from doing that until now . 
  but otherwise its a clear vision . 
  this limbo is harming every party involved , the sooner article 50 is invoked the better . 
  its always funny how you are concerned about eu islamists while having a huge number of homebrew muslim extremists coming from the former colonies and showing absolutely zero sign of assimilation . 
  you can get rid of eu but what about shariah4uk ? 
  not sure if an / s would have helped you avoiding getting downvoted . 
  probably not . 
  air pressure in a plane flying at cruising altitude ( 10-12km ) is equivalent to the outside air pressure at ~ 2000m . 
  so how is that regular beer taps work perfectly at the mountain lodges but not on their planes ? 
  again a team that did n't show much , even struggled during the group stage climbs to the top . 
  portugal needed some time to get the hang of the game but once they finally did ...
