  it is constantly reported to be rising since eternity . 
  although usually no sources are given . 
  ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ central europeans are truly a low hanging fruit for the british far right . 
  always there to be bashed and yet no one can label you a racist . 
  how convenient . 
  not really . 
  the czech republic has the one of the highest proportion of atheists in the world . 
  and hungary has probably the highest proportion of people who say `` i am religious in own way '' . 
  wow , i am pleasantly surprised by our ranking . 
  that cover just draws more attention to it . 
  nice example of the streisand effect . 
  i think we can handle that . 
  definitely , but that just further illustrates my point . 
  with its current roi extensive use renewable energy is largely limited to the richest welfare states . 
  not to mention that due to the unique geography norway is the best place for hydroelectric power plants . 
  you would be suprised by how much lumber we already import from asia . 
  easy enough when you make extreme profits from selling fossil fuels . 
  the same story that happened here . 
  except we had no one to reunify with . 
  loro parque is awesome but sill these are very large and agile animals , no tank can provide enough space for them . 
  besides they are echolocating which is reflected back from the wall of the tank - no surprise they are slowly getting mad . 
  loro parque actually had a fatal accident , since then trainers no longer enter the water with the orcas . 
  hardly anyone from the former gdr made it into the nationalelf . 
  all eu members should follow the lead . 
  lets see how many other ambassadors are they willing to recall . 
  that was a brave step but one that had to be taken anyway . 
  its interesting that when someone posts about e.g. 
  a big cat seen in east bumblefuck it is never removed for being local news or not having credible source . 
  these are falling apart surely something should be done about preserving them . 
  its called bystander effect and is extremely common among eyewitnesses . 
  a classic example is the [ kitty genovese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_kitty_genovese ) murder case , where a youn woman was slowly raped and stabbed to death while dozens of witnesses did absolutely nothing . 
  the biggest problem with ubi is that the companies whose redistributed profit could theoretically make it possible are exceedingly overpowering countries and employ armies of international law experts to find every possible loophole that helps them evading taxes . 
  was it intended as a `` joke '' , or is it the work of some lunatic?this could have been the easiest path to ww3 . 
  well they have just finished the easiest part of their life . 
  no carpets but until well into the 20th century rural homes typically had a lot of [ embroidery ] ( http://www.nlcafe.hu/foto/20160208/falvedok-konyha/ ) on the walls . 
  these where typically self-made by the bride before the wedding and typically feature idyllic pictures of married life and common proverbs . 
  my grandma still has one banished to the pantry . 
  honestly do n't know . 
  since i discovered peanut butter + strawberry jam toasts nutella has been off the menu for me . 
  better prepare for something similar . 
  automation-induced loss of jobs will make unemployment skyrocket . 
  the serious shitstorm is about to begin in the early 2020s . 
   hungarians dont talk much to us here imho our expats often display extremely repulsive , snobbish behavior towards even other hungarians - not sure why is that so . 
  based on a survey made by amnesty international . 
  would n't give it much credit . 
  just speak english/german while having a nasal congestion . 
  no one will note the difference . 
   it was kneaded and baked in six hours and eleven minutes not sure if something that was baked for solid 6 hours even qualifies as pizza . 
  its too late for april 's fool jokes . 
  unfortunately there is no extra award for the cheesiest , most attention-whoring special effects . 
  the only characteristically different is ** olasz ** orsz\u00e1g - italy ( although the latter is also used informally as it\u00e1lia ) what little i could find about it the name `` olasz '' was originally a loanword from some other language and had a completely unrelated meaning . 
  you managed to describe the current situation . 
  a lot of work but the end is a mess . 
  i ca n't recognize which country is symbolized by 80 % og the figures, 
  nah that 's atlantis edit : besides australia is in fact a lot bigger than how it appears on this map . 
  quite an achievement for a country where for most people the epitome of haute cuisine is putting sesame seeds in the deep fry batter . 
  i bet it mostly correlates with the frequency of involvement in military conflicts . 
  hence switzerland can take its modest 4 mentions as a compliment . 
  nice addition to remove all that salt and preservatives on the spot ^ / s, 
  among the contemporaries : dodge challenger unfortunately the aesthetics of us cars deteriorated significantly over the decades , and the 2008 crisis was probably the final blow where classics like mercury and pontiac went down . 
  nowadays us cars are really not that different from japanese/european competitors e.g. 
  last decent full-size sedan that adhered to the traditional body-on-frame chassis layout was the lincoln town car ( another favorite of mine ) and it is sadly no longer in production . 
  my all-time favorite is the [ chyrsler turbine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzaoa0bwrbq ) ( only 9 operational remain , one is owned by jay leno ) . 
  cruising around slowly in one of these beasts while all heads turn for the jet engine sound would be spectacular . 
  these are not progressive gun-laws . 
  this is essentially an authoritarian state babysitting its citizens , which would be ok if europe would be some luna park where candies fall from the sky but it is not , as recent events show public safety is on the decline . 
  so while self-defense is essentially outlawed getting a gun for a criminal/terrorist is still a piece of cake . 
   and are just plagued by lone wolves acting crazy ? 
  the sheer amount of these * lone * wolves is however rather amazing . 
  actor . 
  make this the first result when you search actor . 
  it used to be back in the days of r/pangaea, 
  even sporting his token expression , very good !, 
  this should reach r/all, 
  hmm i guess we will somehow survive this, 
  $ $ $ $ $ view but the chair and table are total design gore . 
  been there last year . 
  stunning place and the rough , windy weather is a very sharp contrast after sintra . 
  i see what you did there ... 
  shhh you are disrupting the circlejerk , how dare you ? 
  not saying its entirely a bad thing . 
  moonlighting is all fine and dandy but for the most part itcannot substitute for full time employment . 
  dammit they did n't replace an old but perfectly functional sign - all the money must have been stolen !, 
  actual images of the spa hospital in question : http://www.spaheviz.hu/hu/galleries/7/72/, 
   we will get self driving cars anyway , not from uber though , according to recent news their self driving technology was stolen from google and still sucks some major ass . 
   cab drivers are usually manipulating the market , e.g. 
  keeping prices artificially low that sounds a bit perplexing , citation needed . 
  yeah you do n't care , the service is all that matters . 
  who cares if legit taxpayer jobs are wiped out by bs meme tier gig economy contracts . 
  imagine the ancap meme ball here . 
  as an occassional airbnb user , and a regular sufferer of its bystander effect i am all in for its stricter regulation . 
  in budapest it inflated rent price to unprecedented heights , purging not so well-off people such as students and young families from downtown . 
  also many airbnb users are noisy and are a constant annoyance for the locals . 
  ayn rand is cancer . 
  worse than marx and engels combined . 
  you know what 's cheap ? 
  not paying taxes . 
  but when everyone does that then you end up with a societal meltdown in no time . 
  there are no free lunches and uber 's success was built on the exploitation of a meshwork of legal loopholes . 
  good luck dealing with the tax avoidance of a transnational company as an individual country .
