  well , the trading deficit is something you can work on - there 's no one stopping you from doing that and making it equal or even better . 
  your comment is a thinly veiled demonstration of we \u00fcbermensch mentality , by implying that hungarians are somehow an inferior , barbarian lot for repeatedly electing orb\u00e1n . 
  the real reason is that there is no better alternative atm , the left brought the country between 2002-2010 to the brink of chaos and lost all credibility , and the liberal parties are shattered and fighting among each other . 
  i appreciate your sense of humour ( btw : do n't be so modest , you even forgot to mention that you are personally funded by george soros / s ) but this story has received a fairly large media coverage - and somehow you managed to pick the article with the most clickbaity , misleading title . 
  so , once again just for you : where did he say that migrants are poison ? 
  manipulative , editorialised title . 
  he did n't talk about any migrants , but specifically about the current crisis and the uncontrolled surge of people lacking all kind of personal identification . 
  but who cares , its time for some good ol' hungary-bashing delivered by u/vernazza for not the first time, 
   he himself lives in a state surrounded by a massive wall from all sides . 
  what has francis to do with the fact that the vatican has been surrounded by wall for centuries ? 
  that 's the main division . 
  everything else is under `` other ideological perceptions and international relations '' which means that its not unanimously accepted . 
  your own link disproves you . 
  they have been doing this since the very beginning . 
  islam has a dichotomic view of the world , there is the dar al-islam ( house of islam ) , where it dominates every aspect of life ( e.g. 
  sa ) , everything else is considered the dar al-harb ( house of war ) . 
  now guess what that means . 
  killing a 84 year old to please your imaginary friend in the sky is even more pathetic than the usual islamist shit . 
  ca n't we just declare this buffoon a persona non grata ? 
  but his tour proves one thing for sure : his aim is not only to get the uk out of the eu , but to destroy it completely . 
  yeah sure , bbc ... clueless as always . 
   the train attack was revenge because the guy 's friend was killed in afghanistan . 
  so his friend was killed in east bumblefuck by some taliban going full aladeen - what could be a better revenge then chopping an innocent family on a trip from hong kong . 
  your post is literally cancerous . 
   it was doing pretty good you must have set your standards pretty low then . 
  for this purpose torque is more important than hp , i recommend diesel engines . 
  the actual fuck ... could you give a source ? 
   can we please just stop playing politics when people die and the bodies are not even cold ? 
  ok now tell me what should we do instead , stand up and have a minute of silence ? 
  will that help ? 
  this shit is now an everyday occurence , and there is an underlying common cause as well . 
   an eyewitness told the tabloid : `` the attacker was completely out of his mind . 
  he ran with the machete behind a police patrol car . '', 
   he said a passing bmw managed to run him over and afterwards he `` lay prostrate on the ground and did n't move '' . 
  well give that bmw driver a medal . 
   the nt is quite an anti-war book we waged about a dozen crusades based on that `` anti-war book '' in the past . 
  it was interpreted differently throughout the ages , which is rather easy when frankly hardly anyone ever read it completely except the clergy . 
  there is no proof that he commited suicide - police did shoot at him and autopsy is necessary to determine whether thelethal wound was self-inflicted . 
  ca n't go into details being mobile but that was my point indeed . 
  its not that we stopped caring , quite on the contrary . 
  however the same disastrous scenario that happened last summer - losing all control - can not happen ever again . 
  its the best interest of everyone . 
  stay safe man . 
  a ma\u00dfkrug also kinda helps . 
   strong suggestion rumors on twitter . 
  tweeted to be more precise , and there were three attackers . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  edit : ok , thanks , got it . 
  could be a convert . 
  we just do n't know anything yet . 
  they do n't get it , right . 
  that border is closed for them forever . 
  both the government and the hungarian people are ready to play this to the bitter end if necessary . 
  we wo n't let the hard-earned peace and security of this country to be jeopardized , and the words of halfwit we leaders wo n't stop us from acting accordingly . 
  bavaria has been the coolest part of germany since eternity . 
  personally always loved the relaxed atmosphere of munich , the way the isar is an integral part of the city . 
  expats have been calling munich toytown for its safety - guess its time for a new nickname . 
  not . 
  this . 
  shit . 
  again . 
  well , i apparently went full retard . 
  but lets leave it this way , shameful as it is . 
   instead insterted the standard `` gib geld '' comment about eastern states ? 
  aka low effort upvote mining . 
  you know you are doing stg . 
  wrong when your biggest ally is james cameron . 
  thanks , that makes sense . 
  its nowhere near our `` definitive life imprisonment '' then which is exactly what it means , and there 's no possibility to ever review the sentence unless significant new evidence emerges . 
  wait , was there a time when we were not sidelined ? 
  edit : our finance minister recently said in an interview that we could adopt the euro before 2020 . 
  quite a shift after years of denying it as a possibility within the foreseeable future . 
  its not about the official investigation that is a perfectly normal thing . 
  the problem is the astonishing amount of twitter `` gutmenschen '' incl . 
  high profile politicians who are seriously feeling pity for the attacker . 
  is there even stg like life without parole in german law ? 
  i 'm merely asking . 
  hungary has one , and we are contantly under attack at the strasbourg court for this . 
  4chan trolls making news . 
   `` was the lethal force of police against the perpetrator justified ? '', 
  how mental one has to be to ask this ? 
  its not just the uk suffering . 
  the international situation has deteriorated rapidly in the last years . 
  europe is surrounded by bona fide failed states ( basically mena as a whole ) , add the turmoil in turkey , and the limbo in ukraine . 
  not to mention the migrant crisis . 
  its not just that brexit is bad - its that you chose the worst time to pull this trick - just when immediate action would be needed in much more concerning issues , but all the attention of the eu is focused on your misery instead . 
  marvelous job for sure . 
  but also having nuclear warheads , which fact those hostile countries are well aware of . 
  really ca n't decide either one . 
  however [ this ] ( http://www.szeretlekmagyarorszag.hu/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/img_0516.jpg ) picture sums up the extreme architectural contrasts of basically any hungarian city . 
  yes its always the apocalypse and inferno and menacing rise of far right violence here in ce . 
  but then : where are the terrorist attacks happening on a daily basis now ? 
  i bet isis already claimed responsibility . 
  absolutely halal . 
  they did have in fact a jacque chiraq, 
  well then that message wo n't come . 
  saudi arabia is just the rich uncle of of isis . 
  blending it into the cityscape was apparently not among the concerns, 
   authorities say the main problem is a lack of professional qualifications and german language skills . 
  oh , what a surprise , who could have foreseen that !,
