  depending on their qualification and the results of a thorough background check they may even get it . 
  those who pay no heed and illegally enter the eu will be provided food and basic shelter until they voluntarily leave . 
  but absolutely no monetary compensation , working permit and no freedom of movement outside the refugee camps . 
  now you realize just how dire their situation is, 
  if there 's one thing to learn from history is that if you are allied with germany shit is about to hit the fan ^ / s, 
  as if there were millions of telephone operators back then . 
  no there were n't . 
  it was a niche job even at its heyday . 
  mass automation is something unprecedented in our history , unlike all previous advancements . 
  the v4 wished nothing bad for greece . 
  we are just tired of being the marching ground of hundreds of thousand of unidentifiable migrants with no valid personal id . 
  i think this situation can only be fixed by the joining all eu members against merkels german government . 
  maybe for a second they should contemplate the consequences . 
  self-driving technologies will eradicate millions of driving-related jobs just in the eu . 
  bleak prospects ... 
  my favorite is that they still sentence people to death ( by beheading ) for `` witchcraft '' whatever that means for them . 
  so no harry potter fandom in ksa, 
  dude ... ksa has some of the best funded and most advanced militaries in the world . 
  and they are not buying shiny toys , they have the most cutting edge western technologies . 
  it comes from the scientists family name who discovered it, 
  too bad i could only upvote you unce . 
  this comment is pure gold, 
  as long as erdogan reigns ( deliberate choice of words ) there is no chance of making a deal with turkey . 
  he will rip you off and keep sending the migrants like before, 
  thank merkel for that, 
  not suprised at al. 
  a lot of dumbfucks juts pinball between facebook and youtube while on the internet, 
  you are pretty much dead wrong here . 
   50 % is the job market will evaporate into thin air within the next 20 years due to mass automation . 
  despite the aging population there will be a scarcity of jobs everywhere in the developed world . 
  importing unskilled workforce wo n't save the social system anyway, 
  wow that actually suprised me !, 
  brb gon na plant some trees, 
  sure , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  johannesburg ranks better than zagreb on this list ?!, 
  i call bs, 
  heard about sci-hub ? 
  besides the allegedly kicked guy shared jihadist propaganda on facebook , but no one seemed to care about that, 
  incredibly annoying , outright manipulative , crappy video . 
  replace turkish with german to get a 2017 news headline, 
  hope they are not going to waste too much effort/money on this lady . 
  people who decidedly travelled to syria to join isis should have no place in europe in this life or another, 
  economic decline is still better than economic disaster caused by failed integration . 
  and yes , mass automation will render most of the workforce unemployed anyway so migration can not be justified by economic reasons . 
  the japanese are smarter than that and did not drink the kool aid like the germans . 
  there is regular kind of stupid , and there is advanced , next-level stupidity . 
  this is a fine example of the latter, 
  it seems that your ex taxi-driver pm made a 180 degrees turn recently . 
  better late than never . 
  ca n't say i 'm suprised at all . 
  i think you are pretty macro already, 
  100 % unadulterated bovine excrement, 
  same thing popped into my mind immediately ... hopefully most people rather believe their own eyes at least here in central europe, 
  nice example of mass disinformation . 
  that `` failed '' fence already diverted at least half a million migrants . 
  those who trespass or damage the fence get automatically banned from the schengen area and face a sentence of 1-2 years . 
  yeah they probably came from the secret nazi bases on the other side of the moon on their advanced nazi ufos, 
  nah the wages are better in ksa . 
  otherwise there 's not much of a difference . 
  pretty much what i expect . 
  their main goal is to fight against shiites, 
  what a time to live , when a country where you can be beheaded for `` witchcraft '' provides help against isis . 
  problem is that turkey is not an ally of the nato , it is a member of the nato , which was perfectly ok as long as it was a secular state and not a trojan horse of islamists . 
  turkey 's `` anti-isil '' attacks somehow always end up in the death of kurdish fighters . 
  one has to wonder why, 
  not so sure about that ... yeah gdp-wise we might look `` good '' on paper but the actual quality of life is nowhere near that of the western countries . 
  i recently saw a statistic comparing some life quality indicators in austria and hungary . 
  according to it we were the closest to our western neighbors in the 70s , during the socialist era . 
  since then the gap has been increasing constantly . 
  our everyday experiences underline that . 
  crossing the border between hungary and austria is like travelling to a distant galaxy . 
  on our side half of houses are crumbling , the roads are of abyssmal quality , most people are driving shitty 10-20 years old cars . 
  on the other side ? 
  well lets just say that everything is neat and orderly . 
  yeah some rural parts of hungary look like a post-apocalyptic wasteland . 
  no jobs ( except the agriculture , but even that is n't much ) , everything is falling apart , aged and constantly declining population . 
  no one seems to know how to fix that , if there 's a solution at all for these small communities . 
  being constantly in the buffer zone of different superpowers contributed significantly to that . 
  i did n't know that and it was n't a personal attack anyway . 
  you commented in the all too familiar denigratory manner about ee countries , and thats what bugs me . 
  its good to know that you as one of the new mods of the sub are also perpetrating this fundamentally flawed '' leeching europoors '' fallacy . 
  i 'm dead serious . 
  executions are public , and the method is beheading or for the more diy-savy stoning . 
  and do you know what is punished by death in sa ? 
  here 's a short lis of some of the more interesting offences : - adultery - fornication - sodomy - atheism - blasphemy - homosexuality/lesbianism - sorcery ( not much hp fandom there i guess ) - witchcraft - waging war on god ( ??? ), 
  - idolatry now show me the big fuckin difference other than sa executioners are not yet making hd videos . 
  late autumn/winter are not the best time to visit when it comes to weather . 
  i 'd recommend may-june and september-early october for someone planning a trip to the city . 
  incredibly shameful . 
  its difficult to find any major difference between sa and isis other than the former being the member of the un and parading as a legitimate country . 
  at this moment i would n't even be surprized about orb\u00e1n doing an ama over at r/the _ donald, 
   you do n't intimidate me , pig . 
  could you keep it civil please ? 
  orb\u00e1n openly supported trump as early as july , causing quite an uproar in the international media , being the only eu leader to do so . 
  it will be interesting to see how the events will unfold from now on . 
  my statement has exactly the same amount of evidence as yours . 
  but its not . 
  most definitely . 
  juncker and his lot have their fair share of responsibility in the current downwards trajectory of the eu . 
  says the unelected brussels bureucrat from the richest country of the eu , which is still somehow a net receiver ( ! ),
