comparing all these maps it seems croats have more coherent thoughts than anyone else in europe these days . 
  if poland is the mexico of europe and hungary is south of that then hungary is the guatemala of europe . 
  it seems they took the advanced strawmanning course . 
  so they have an opinion about moldova but not about slovakia , slovenia , or croatia . 
  that 's just weird . 
  i hope you can trace back your family to at least scipio africanus !, 
  i have been coming across a lot of news like this recently . 
  tourists beaten to near-death in thailand for no reason whatsoever . 
  i have been planning to visit this country this year but now i just do n't know anymore . 
  if you look at the video it is clear that those people were not picking a fight , what happens is that a middle-aged family gets literally lynched in the middle of the street by a mob , while a large number of spectators just watch it , no one even tries to intervene . 
  so what the hell is going on in thailand ? 
  wow , that 's some next-level weirdness . 
  is this really broadcasted on national television network ? 
  you have some good quality roads at least , here even main roads are full of potholes and road markings are repainted once in a century . 
  going to celebrate this by drinking a few bottles of peach-flavored double ipa tonight . 
  you see there `` s the problem , our country is ran by heretic . 
  / s ps : fico has n't decided yet what to think ? 
  basically the classical [ dhimmi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dhimmi ) status of historical islamic states . 
  but how is herbal tea called in poland then ? 
  well they certainly became less agressive over the years . 
  as i remember the whole 90 's was a super-agressive uncle ben 's ad campaign , you literally could n't watch a 5 minutes ad break without running into one of their commercials . 
  am i the only one watching it because of the hilariously broken english ? 
  by the way : has that guy tried to press a nokia 3310 yet ? 
  edit : apparently [ yes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecgvgaeyfam ) . 
  have to add that we review the papers submitted by other researchers for free , which often takes a lot of time . 
  do you have any idea how this actually works ? 
  we , the authors are paying all kinds of bs fees for getting a paper published . 
  there are page charges , color reproduction charges , handling fees - the publishers creativity is almost unlimited . 
  all this is paid by precious eu grant money , often several thousand $ s/article . 
  and then if you want to read a paper it typically costs 30 $ / piece . 
  if we could somehow finally stop publishers from siphoning away our money we could use it for the greater good - doing more research . 
  do n't worry too much , in less than 10 years there will be people lamenting about the good ol' days of drinking craft ipa beers in the ruin pubs . 
  it 's the cycle of life . 
  besides if you feel nostalgic about the 90 's just take a look at [ this ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/images/i/371450610723-0-1/s-l1000.jpg ) - instant antidote !, 
  that site is pure gold . 
  as someone doing research it helped me immensely during the last few years . 
  except some top-level institutions hardly any university can pay the access fees of all the different publishers these days , before sci-hub i had to rely on either interlibrary loans ( takes an eternity ) or had to ask the authors to send me the full text , wasting the time for both parties involved . 
  thanks for the idea man !, 
  just love halloumi but have never thought about using it as pizza topping . 
  see , there 's a market gap you can exploit then by establishing your own franchise that adds topping . 
  it is usually made using sour cream , garlic and cheese but there are quite a lot of other variations as well . 
  edit : and there is the [ keny\u00e9rl\u00e1ngos ] ( https://youtu.be/9yaxaxdekww ) ( literally bread l\u00e1ngos ) which is much more delicious and less oil-loaded and since its oven-baked . 
  a `` wise decision '' would have been to not to implement this stupid ban at all in the first place . 
  the bulgarian one might be nice although we never know without 100x zoom . 
  the way i see it now it will probably gradually devolve into a two-speed union although it is not crystal clear yet which countries will become the members of the inner circle . 
  absolutely love these . 
  just really demonstrates how tiny our world truly is . 
  once we drove back home from sicily non-stop and it took almost 24 hours but here all the journey fits nicely into one picture . 
  so japan is less safe than e.g. 
  nice try . 
  the reason is that latin was even the official language of hungary until 1844 , used in all forms of official communication . 
  so for an outsider hungarians of the era most likely seemed extraordinarily good in latin . 
  pretty sure its older than that , look at the clothing . 
  it is definitely 18th century stuff . 
  but otherwise yeah - the author was not particularly fond of hungarians . 
  all nations have the same amusement today : internet procrastination, 
   russia : plenty of bees  swedes : die on earth learning the important lessons here . 
  i make it very clear : currently `` experts '' are those who are pushing the officially approved agenda - nothing more . 
  but what does it mean to be an `` expert '' anyway ? 
  these so-called experts gaved way too many failed predictions already, 
  reading between the lines there is one real conclusion to be drawn form this : shit is about to hit the fan real fast . 
  in the next decade million of driving-related jobs will disappear and no one seems to know what to do about that . 
  we are lightyears away from an universal basic income and technological unemployment is already gaining traction . 
  t\u00f3th does not neccessarily stands for slovak . 
  until the early modern ages it primarily meant croat . 
  its not about 1st of april . 
  the kremlin wisely selected this date so that you will think it is a joke made by western degenerates and it will lull you into a false sense of security until its to late . 
  at the moment kgb agents trained in gorilla warfare are interrogating each and every moderator of this sub . 
  by tomorrow only those faithful to the merciful russian overlords will remain in charge . 
  the rest will be voluntarily relocated to the pictoresque novalya zemlya where they will be able to enjoy the merry life of uranium miners . 
   and no im not a member of them in caf\u00e9 anyone woanders huh ? 
  too bad that potential terrorists will most likely come from within the schengen region, 
  homeopathy is a joke , an outdated , entirely disproven theory exploited to rip off those seeking hope . 
  if it seems to work sometimes that is only due to the placebo effect . 
  great job !, 
  you have designed an infinitely better logo for my hometown than the barcode-looking nightmare which was used during the 2010 european cultural capital festivities . 
  that 's because the original main line was constructed on the left side of the danube according to kossuth 's plans and also to make it easier to reach pozsony, 
  that moment when hungary is not even listed - priceless . 
  eight hours ?!, 
  on horseback maybe ... 
  sounds reasonable . 
  flanders is lightyears ahead of wallonia in every respect including public safety . 
  on a similar note the times made an estimation in the 1890s that by 1950 london streets would be buried several meters deep in horse manure . 
  that 's not how it works , it does not weigh in any factors other than the current rate of growth - a fine example of flat-earth economics . 
  besides at the current rate of development no one can make any estimations about the next 40-50 years . 
  according to some futurologists technology progressed as much since 2000 as during the entire 20th century and the growth curve is now reaching an exponential rate . 
  technological singularity is expected to happen before 2040 , and even before that there will be a myriad of other events that will shake the foundations of society . 
  driverless vehicles will alone in the eu render millions of jobs obsolete in the next decade . 
  this is a ridiculous argument indeed . 
  europe does not need any migrant workers anymore . 
  with widespread automation knocking on our door , technological unemployment is going to skyrocket pretty soon . 
  in 10 years we wo n't even have enough jobs for the native population and keeping unemployed migrants around is a guarantee for civil unrest . 
  thanks , otherwise i would have thought that you dedicate an hour every evening to worship john cena ^ / s, 
  the remnant of an agricultural society where people used to get up at 4-5 am . 
  nowadays its mostly useless for us city dwellers , imho a permanent switch to summer time would be reasonable . 
  behind every terrorist there are at least a dozen fundamentalists like this one who are never going to blow themselves up but pollute the minds of others and nurture an environment where terrorism prospers . 
  ignoring them will just lead to an even worse situation, 
  being the poor neighbor that many austrians are ashamed to share a border with makes that unlikely . 
  the attitude of metternich who infamously said `` asia begins at my doorstep '' referring to hungary ( he lived in vienna ) is still very much alive . 
  its really sad to see a thread started to share something positive getting hijacked like this,
