  brexit gets delayed now at a 3months/month rate . 
  i was n't insulted at all , and my comment was half-joking . 
  i 'm admittedly falling short of extensive knowledge about that country 99 % of which comes from the film hotel rwanda , however i know enough to say that it has ahem a long road ahead . 
  for me its paywalled , could you post the text ? 
  that 's beyond doubt , but technological unemployment is already going on . 
  a very telling sign is the so-called jobless recovery after the 2008 economic crisis , profits soared by 2011 , but e.g. 
  in the us employment did n't return to the pre-crisis levels until 2014 . 
  furthermore , mostly solid , upper middle-class jobs were wiped out , but the majority of the new ones created were low-paying dead end ones . 
  edit : typos, 
   they were known as a poor man 's jaguar . 
  see , we do n't have that preconception , back in the day owning a rover was yuppiedom itself . 
  no need to be salty , all i did as an uk car enthusiast myself is to solemnly point out a fact . 
  no surprise after real income has been falling for decades , and the gini index is steadily on the rise . 
  call me a futurist boogeyman but i ca n't resist to express my concerns about automation , machine learning and its effects on the job market . 
  a really serious shitstorm is unfolding here , and jobs on the blue ( e.g. 
  professional drivers ) and white collar ( analysts , accountants , banking sector ) end of the spectrum are both jeopardized by this . 
  i was dead serious about that part . 
  rover 75s looked amazing , regardless of the fact that both the quality of assembly and reliability left a lot to be desired . 
  i know , i know i was trying to joke here . 
   also rwanda is less corrupted than uk !, 
  look it 's hard to steal if there 's nothing to steal from . 
  its hard to boycott something that barely exists anymore . 
  i really liked rovers and mgs , they looked unique and classy - but these brands are gone with many others . 
  vauxhall only lives in form of opels with different emblems . 
  rr , am , bentley are great cars but for some reason they have n't became widespread outside the gulf states - probably because of the fuel consumption ? 
   i suspect that all long term users of that site are completely desensitized to all forms imagery . 
  well , as someone eloquently put it browsing / b can literally melt your brain . 
  however do n't forget that huge number of redditors are subscribed to subs like r/wtf or watchpeopledie ( where  50 % of the content is isis execution videos ) so i would n't blame 4chan for this desensitization . 
  i have to repeat myself , 4chan serves as pressure valve of the internet . 
  you must be really low on self-confidence and meaningful political agenda if you feel the urge to try diverting discussion to a frog picture misused by the community of the literal containment board of the no. 1 troll site of the interwebz . 
  its more complicated than that . 
  it surely harbors a great number of trolls , basement-dwelling autistic neckbeards and weirdos , but exactly that 's why it does a great service by keeping these people occupied and away . 
  otherwise no one can deny the fact that 4chan has been the original source of great many if not all funny internet phenomena . 
  we are royally screwed if europe 's survival depends on a random ce countrys irrelevant referendum about a semi-obscure , almost tautological question . 
   even the peasents in feudal times had less of a wealth difference between them and the monarchs than todays average citizens and the ruling elite . 
  actually , we are approaching a new era , termed techno-feudalism . 
  since increasing automation and eventually ai will downskill or outright eradicate most jobs the checks and balances between the workforce and the emmployers will be removed . 
  eventually there will be a narrow elite owning the means of productions and everyone else completely at their mercy . 
  there are already signs of this , the income distribution gap has been constantly growing since the 1970s in all developed countries , and is now comparable to how it was around the turn of the 20th century . 
  assuming it will only be us leaving the eu if this will be kept forced down our throats . 
  orb\u00e1n is simply the most big-mouthed leader right now , but he is far from being alone with his opinion . 
  the hard fact is that the current refugee crisis is only the beginning , and thanks to the still ongoing population burst of the third world it can continue for decades . 
  we clearly ca n't accomodate these people without turning our countries into minority-majority states . 
  perhaps there are people that do n't have a problem with that , but i and countless fellow europeans do . 
  if stopping this neccessitates leaving the eu - so be it . 
  ok , got it , did n't notice the map . 
  my lack of attention to details reached a new low apparently . 
  sorry mate , i do n't speak jalapeno , and the australian question marks do n't help either . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  technological unemployment gaining traction . 
  expect a serious shitstorm as for about every three jobs automated away there is only one new created . 
  as much as 50 % of jobs could be gone by 2030 experts say . 
  i ca n't grasp the notion behind this , the patent of sildenafil , the active compound of viagra has recently expired and cheaper generic substitutes are already on the market . 
  moria ... you fear to go into those mines , the dwarves delved too greedily and too deep . 
  its not a bad beer , but certainly nothing special either , having a slightly sweet , almost bland aftertaste . 
  less enthusiast beer drinkers favor it for its moderate hoppiness . 
  craft double ipa fanatics like me on the other hand ... 
   never go full pc . 
  surely they could buy some macs / s, 
  in fact it rising so fast that its been the second time it is posted in 3 days . 
   the jobs did n't vanish into thin air , they were transferred mainly in asia . 
  that 's some early 90s thing , now china is leading the way in automation . 
  actually , companies are now bringing the manufacturing back to the us and europe , since its cheaper to have an automated factory close to the potential customers . 
   every technological advancement will make obsolete some jobs and create some completely new jobs such as software and chip developers . 
  no it does n't . 
  that 's what traditional western economy preaches but its no longer true . 
  all around the world solid middle-class job are already vanishing into thin air . 
  the recent crisis was followed by a so-called jobless recovery , company profits soared by 2011 , but employment in the us e.g. 
  did n't return to pre-crisis levels until 2014 . 
  production has been increasing steadily , but the median wages have been stagnating since the 1970s . 
  meanwhile inequality is increasing at an alarming rate even in social democracies like sweden . 
  surely there are new jobs created but nowhere near enough as entire sectors are automated away in the meantime . 
   in trikala there 's a funny side of the story that shows the political lunacy in greece . 
  some leftist parties protested the self-driving bus because it puts the jobs of bus drivers at risk . . 
  it certainly does , so what 's your point ? 
  even leading economists now accept that mass unemployment caused by automation will be by far the biggest challenge for societies in the coming decades . 
   just ask the ww2-finns or the ww1-belgians . 
  to gain the upper hand you need more advantages . 
  the russians mainly had a high number of casualties because of the lack of appropriate white carnouflage clothing which made them sitting ducks for finnish snipers . 
  also , it was a hard , heavily forested , sparsely populated terrain , good for guerilla tactics . 
  lithuania is flatland though , so its not cowardly but outright suicidal to not surrender if an actual invasion ever takes place . 
  islam has a major problem with the fanmade mods e.g. 
  the isis add-on, 
  burka is just the middle-eastern version of `` you have n't unlocked this character yet '' . 
  at least i know that from now on i will be able to fix it by adding a pinch of cocaine . 
   just like grandma used to make it . 
  escobar family heritage, 
  have to add that what english speakers call bell pepper is for some reason referred as `` california paprika '' in hungarian . 
  thanks for pointing this out, 
   you can perfectly well make zs\u00edros keny\u00e9r with a good miche . 
  those huge holes would make it impossible to distribute it evenly . 
  hungarian bread is n't supposed to be that bad , its just that most customers are satisfied with the tasteless generic white bread having a hard time understanding that bread is well worth spending on . 
  quite amazing how driverless technologies make now news on a daily basis . 
  yet legislation is clearly lagging behind in the eu , not to mention that it policymakers should be working on an action plan to dampen the effect of these disruptive technologies on the job market . 
  if professional drivers get displaced it means millions of unemployed not only in transportation but also in related industries . 
  this will certainly be a major issue of the 2020s . 
  well in the northwestern part of hungary where most of my family comes from its a common saying that south of the balaton its balkan , east of the danube its asia . 
  hell no , at least not in german speaking countries where goulash is the thick stew version , when it comes to the soup its referred as gulaschsuppe . 
  it it looks stupid but it works then its ai n't stupid . 
  actually it is widely believed that during the siege of eger at one point running out of boiling tar hungarian defenders resolved to pour cauldrons of goulash on the turkish soldiers scaling the walls .
