  these buildings were richly colored in ancient times and never had this bleached white finish . 
  never underestimate poe 's law ( or the number of imbeciles on reddit ), 
  probably she took revenge for the black dude who was pushed into that well in the movie 300 . 
  totally no parallel societies here , please move along, 
  missed the / s, 
  because the karma harvest must go on, 
  so this is how the creation of fake history begins, 
  facebook literally leeches your very life force . 
  people tend to share only the positive events in their life easily making you feel insecure and frustrated . 
  besides these morsels of information do n't improve you in any way . 
  looking at a photo of the dinner of one of your former coworkers who you have n't met in three years or witnessing the 3448329448th witty political comment made by your grandpa does n't even qualify as entertainment . 
  different for sure but not necessarily correct , just biased in alternate ways . 
  i learned this since i started taking the super male vitality pill . 
  sounds fine , thanks !, 
  it is called french salad in hungary , and is a mandatory although not very popular element of all shitty buffet dinners . 
  you know crisis has hit greece really hard when people are no longer calling a taxi for such a demanding journey . 
  this is just lovely . 
  tho i also routinely drive 20 kms just to be able to jog for 6km in a real mountain forest . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i already have a rented place in hell for my carbon footprint, 
  i 'm heading for the north , please reassure me its not that bad around bilbao ?? 
  of course when you view everything through the tinted glasses of flat earth economics , then shrinking * anything * sounds like a disaster ... 
  why is this drinking fountain so low ? 
  nice cameo by pepe, 
  thank you , fine young fellow !, 
  says the guy who routinely undermines israel . 
  you know its not like that because the current system favors this race to the bottom type of freakonomics . 
  besides good luck for any local noname company coming out with a superior product for an increased price . 
  most people would still buy the western brands because that has to be good, 
  ayn rand approves, 
  do n't fall for the fabric softener conspiracy !, 
  once i did n't have that bluish lenor gunk that my so usually buys only those toylike soft thingies that i ca n't resist to squeeze a bit and - magic - there was absolutely no difference . 
  the lesser the meat content the lesser the carbon footprint . 
  your canned meet is thus more eco-friendly . 
  i remember when iglo fish fingers used to taste like actual cod filet back in the 90s . 
  those were the days ... 
  one of my friends who regularly goes to china for business told me that the local elite regularly conducts transactions by * weighing * bags of 500 eur notes . 
  the last level was left out : people deliberately driving slowly in the fast lane - clenched in lucifer 's anus . 
  this was n't posted before , what you are referring to is a completely different older article . 
   at the behest of the prime minister 's office , the foreign ministry on sunday retracted a statement issued the previous day by the israeli ambassador to hungary , which had called on hungarian prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n and his party to halt a poster campaign against jewish-american financier george soros on the grounds that it was fueling anti-semitism . 
  foreign ministry spokesman emmanuel nahshon issued a clarification that refrained from criticizing orb\u00e1n but also sharply criticized soros himself , using claims similar to the ones being made against him by the hungarian government . 
  `` israel deplores any expression of anti-semitism in any country and stands with jewish communities everywhere in confronting this hatred . 
  this was the sole purpose of the statement issued by israel 's ambassador to hungary , '' the statement said . 
  `` in no way was the statement meant to delegitimize criticism of george soros , who continuously undermines israel 's democratically elected governments by funding organizations that defame the jewish state and seek to deny it the right to defend itself . '' the tension comes at a particularly sensitive time , since prime minister benjamin netanyahu is scheduled to meet orb\u00e1n in budapest on july 18 , during what will be the first visit of an israeli premier to hungary in 30 years . 
  the day after their meeting , netanyahu and orb\u00e1n are scheduled to meet with the leaders of the czech republic , slovakia and poland . 
  on saturday , israeli ambassador to hungary yossi amrani issued an extraordinarily sharp statement in which he called on orb\u00e1n and his party , fidesz , to remove posters hung throughout the country that criticized soros . 
  keep updated : sign up to our newsletter  the posters appearing all over hungary over the past few days feature a picture of soros laughing and are captioned , `` let 's not let soros have the last laugh . ''  some of the posters were glued to the floor of train cars in budapest and other cities , so that anyone boarding the train would have to step on them . 
  orb\u00e1n and fidesz are attacking soros -- who was born in budapest and survived nazi-occupied hungary -- because of the latter 's supposed activity against hungary 's harsh policies toward the entry of muslim refugees . 
   orb\u00e1n and fidesz have taken what many see as a nationalist , racist and islamophobic line ahead of the 2018 election . 
  they claim soros funds civil society groups and liberal associations in hungary with the purpose of `` settling a million migrants '' in the country . 
   the jewish community in hungary , numbering over 100,000 , is extremely concerned by the messages in orb\u00e1n 's election campaign -- particularly the ones against soros . 
  since the launch of the campaign , the hungarian media has reported a number of incidents in which anti-semitic graffiti has been spray-painted on the posters . 
  senior figures in the jewish community have conveyed very worried messages to the israeli embassy in budapest about the posters , which they say have anti-semitic connotations and encourage an atmosphere of aggression against jews , especially because many hungarians consider soros as first and foremost jewish . 
  following the messages conveyed by the local jewish communities , there were consultations between amrani and foreign ministry staffers in jerusalem , after which it was decided to issue a statement critical of the poster campaign . 
   the wording of the statement was approved by the ministry 's deputy director general for diplomacy , alon ushpiz , and foreign ministry director general yuval rotem . 
  `` the campaign not only evokes sad memories but also sows hatred and fear , '' the statement said . 
  `` it 's our moral responsibility to raise a voice and call on the relevant authorities to exert their power and put an end to this cycle . '' although netanyahu holds the foreign ministry portfolio , the senior foreign ministry officials that approved the wording of the statement did not coordinate its release with the prime minister 's office , which learned of it from the media . 
   after the statement was issued , there was also pushback from right-wing politicians and media outlets , which condemned the foreign ministry for issuing a statement that seemed to defend soros , whom the israeli right sees as leading the boycott , divestment and sanctions movement against israel . 
  as a result of this pressure , the prime minister 's office ordered the foreign ministry to issue a clarification that included a general denunciation of anti-semitism without specifically mentioning hungary , while also criticizing soros . 
   this is the second recent clash between israel and hungary over messages with anti-semitic connotations promulgated by orb\u00e1n and his party . 
  at an election rally two weeks ago , orb\u00e1n praised hungary 's leader during world war ii , mikl\u00f3s horthy , who collaborated with the nazis and under whose rule 500,000 hungarian jews were deported to extermination camps , where most were murdered . 
  israel protested the statements to the government in budapest . 
  however , in order not to compromise the upcoming summit , it agreed to restraint itself and made do with a weakly worded clarification by the hungarian foreign minister . 
  this is literally a backyard party of high schoolers making news . 
  not sure if its worthy of our attention . 
  he was lured by his `` friend '' ferdinand von hebra into the asylum . 
  nevertheless hebra is regarded as the father of modern dermatology . 
  powerful symbolism here : one can literally walk over the trickery of soros . 
  you need to watch out the one-dimensional shilling and relentless baiting , luckily there 's nothing new under the sun and merely after a few days you easily know which users actually contribute and which are only in for the shitshow . 
  of course the truth scored once again under the threshold . 
  commercial whaling is prohibited tho ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  at least he had given the world the caesar 's palace casino . 
  elevated battle mood mr. juncker ? 
  you mean you once again had one scotch too many ? 
  how do you know just how widespread rimming is ? 
  is this a common topic of water cooler talks where you live ? 
  this . 
  literally though that this must surely be some copypasta based on that guy, 
  waterworld - the beginnings, 
  also a solid candidate for the alcoholists of europe list, 
   why ? 
  who says that we are obligated to pull a france2 , dump them in ghettoes , throw some spare change their way and fingers crossed , let 's hope for the best ? 
  eh , common sense maybe ? 
  what makes you think that we will succeed where each and every developed nation failed so far ? 
  this a sort of reverse-boy-who-cried-wolf story there where you are arguing with a straight face that even though it was that the wolf who came for the last couple of hundred times now it will be a fairy godmother . 
   that integration is not a one-way street and the sole duty of the immigrants themselves with the locals freely allowed to hinder and heckle them for shits and giggles , but rather a cooperation between the new guys and the society to which they 'd need to integrate in . 
  yeah i got it , but focus on the real question : what is our moral obligation here ? 
  afaik there is no good reason why we should participate in the next installment of this mass social experiment . 
  people like you also tend to ignore the bigger picture . 
  we are now wittnessing only the beginning of the biggest , single , economic and social shitstorm which is called the fourth industrial revolution , whose consequences will be so significant and omnipresent that it goes beyond a single comment to discuss even the basics of it . 
  this is not the time for dicking around with uncontrolled mass migration . 
  in 10-20 years as much as 40-50 % of blue and white collar jobs will be both gone due to automation , resulting in skyrocketing inequality , plummeting wages , and an unprecedented societal meltdown . 
  if we can keep the * current * population barely at subsistence levels i would already call it a day , and this is * sans * migrants . 
  i want to smoke my kush but orban says its bad , wat do ? 
  [ university of p\u00e9cs ( hungary , 1367 ) not included ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_p%c3%a9cs ), 
  it seems you have a coub ready for just about any situation these days . 
  besides falsely labelling your opponent a racist is a quite nasty move , congrats you really jumped the shark this time . 
  we have been through this a bazillion times already and you know exactly that its not about race but about the clash between tribal mindset and intolerance and western civilization that has been going on for millenia , and wo n't end magically just because your refuted ideology says so . 
  well , resisting is definitely something then, 
  probably has to do something with the fact that the massive muslim presence in italy did n't begin until the 90s , so they barely have any second or third generation mena migrants unlike e.g. 
  france or the uk .
