  now if you 'll excuse me i need to roll back to kitchen for second din-din . 
  he 's not blind , but he has an agenda that wo n't push itself ... 
  who 's to say who and what is european ? 
  definitely not a chronic alcoholist if you ask me . 
  thanks for the reminder , at this time i vote for having a bottle of ipa . 
  thank you op , you made my day with this highwayporn . 
  fun fact : hungary also has an m1 motorway ( although it is somehow less often confused with the former two ), 
  hungarian/austrian motorways built after the 80s all have these `` wildlife bridges '' as we call them at regular intervals , however many countries suprisingly do n't . 
  i especially like italy were there are wildlife alert signs everywhere ( along with the omnipresent `` in caso di nebbia 50km/h '' signs ), 
  from my driving experience in ireland you can literally drive at 100 km/h on the footpath leading to the cliffs of moher . 
  the generous rural speed limits were a memorable part of my trip . 
  pro tip : swim underwater so the water will protect you from harmful uv rays . 
  or have you seen a fish with melanoma ? 
  well at least finally they show their true face . 
  its was tad difficult to secure borders after the infamous keine obergrenze talk . 
  good luck getting away building a wall funded by taxpayers with absolutely no reason, 
  this is probably the very end of the rampage . 
  i 'm sure no one has ever thought of that !, 
  pre-showerthought : what if manspreading is an evolutionally coded safety measure to protect our testicles from overheating ? 
  why would they want to decrease our fertility and male vitality ? 
  [ worried ... ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/239/110/8a8.gif ), 
  they keep their eye on the * ball * for sure . 
  that was a highly interesting rabbit hole to go down , thanks !, 
  i 'm a purist at home i mostly eat tortilla chips straight from the bag , and in restaurants i usually go for something more balanced like a decent burrito . 
  can south korea live a prosperous life right near north korea ? 
  projecting much ai n't we ? 
  there 's a fine line of difference between free movement of eu citizens and the free movement of mena immigrants , many of which assume a false identity though . 
   yet it was still 50/50 proves my point , thanks !, 
  looks like we have a burn victim , gentlemen . 
  but most importantly : dicks out for harambe !, 
  i thought we joined an economic union of countries with shared moral values not a social experiment , my sincere apologies . 
  classic diversion tactics , thumbs up mate !, 
  this . 
  we have no moral obligation to fix the mena region or anything outside europe , especially against their will , nor were we invited to do so . 
  the eu desperately needs it own monroe doctrine : not meddling with the affairs of distant lands , but protecting our own best interests with an iron fist if it comes to that . 
  asylum seekers will likely exist . 
  the almost automatic right for asylum just because they showed up on our doorstep after crossing several countries before however wo n't . 
  moe phenomenon before it was even invented https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moe_ ( slang ), 
  amen, 
  ok here 's my answer * sans * bayesian statistics ( sorry ) this time . 
  if you know , that , ahem certain cultural groups are more likely to hold extremist views just issue a straightforward travel ban for their countries of origin , and remove the completely mental * jus soli * principle from you legal code . 
  then you wo n't have to deal with this problem at all a few decades later . 
  `` i 'm a catholic whore , currently enjoying congress out of wedlock with my black jewish boyfriend who works at a military abortion clinic . 
  hail satan , and have a lovely afternoon madam . '', 
  i hope all the other jihadists in the video will be shortly in jail , though what would be even better is to just hang them . 
  pro tip : focus on groups that are mysteriously more likely to have `` a few bad apples '' . 
  the uk should end this folly of not giving firearms to all their police officers . 
  that will show them for sure !, 
  `` you can be full of kindness and love , but you can not sleep next to a mad dog , '', 
  great , now we only need a knowyourmemes article, 
  the wrong plural form is a nice touch , not as etheral as the navy seal , but a solid piece of art nevertheless . 
  the islamists are sitting there beating their dicks to some midget porn , when they suddenly realize that it would be nice to bang some virgins , so they grab their knifes , and go absolutely haram ? 
  ladies and gentlemen we are wittnessing the birth of a copypasta !, 
  yeah , renting a van and buying a few knives definitely necessitates a massive funding from oppressive regimes . 
  the internet does n't mow down people with trucks , neither does it stab them . 
  mentally deranged religious fanatics however do , and the solution is to completely forbid immigration , even short term travel from countries where such religious beliefs prosper . 
  nah shameless liars always double down, 
  source pls . 
  well it does n't exist * yet * , but construction is apparently underway . 
  [ witness says saw people who appeared to have throats cut on london bridge ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-security-witness-iduskbn18u0we ) whoever did this deserves a nice trip to guantanamo bay wellness facilities to enjoy thorough training in good ol' waterboarding . 
  unless they are installed at the borders of course . 
  yeah and during the blitz it was probably even worse . 
  but what does it matter when its still pretty fucked up now ? 
  what really matters is the devastating consequence of this battle . 
  deutsche welle is amazingly good at mixing hq journalism with wtf-tier material . 
  or the new all guzzoline trumpmobile v24 ( 0.1 miles/gallon ) for the domestic market . 
  there 's a world i almost understood . 
  what has bill gates to do with / r9k ? 
  the rise of global middle class is certainly a challenge for major tourist destinations , and speaking out of experience italy is particularly badly affected in this respect . 
  i remember the first time i visited florence in the early 2000s - it was already badly overcrowded - however the deterioration of the situation by my second visit in 2013 was shocking . 
  somehow we have to find the balance and keep global tourist hotspots liveable for the locals as well ( airbnb i 'm looking at you ) . 
  afaik taxes are already greatly reduced for electric vehicles . 
  the technical challenges are however still manifold . 
  the range of these cars should be vastly improved to at least 500-600 km so that they could offer a reasonable alternative for long distance travel . 
  and there is the problem with cold , a night out in freezing temperature takes its toll on the batteries and not all of us have a garage . 
  could elderly middle class people spending their pension abroad threaten it ? 
  dat whataboutism, 
  denmark - my spirit animal, 
  me too, 
  one of the most disappointing aspects of the trump presidency so far . 
  i really hoped that he would mop the floor with this terrorist hellhole and what do we get : melania not wearing abaya . 
  sad !, 
  just saying if you do n't have immigrants now then you wo n't have to deal with 2nd/3rd generation radicals later on . 
  long term planning is no rocket science . 
  probably because the people of tokyo are more tolerant , what else could be the reason ? 
  my words exactly . 
  you wo n't have islamist terrorists if you do n't have a muslim fundamentalist community with radical imams , segregated neigborhoods , etc. 
   because speaking about anything that could make you feel positive about your ancestry , country or nation is racist and fascist these days . 
  at least according to the regressive left - best you can do is avoiding people with political tunnel vision . 
  balkan being the birtplace of humanity ? 
  earth je srbije confirmed !, 
  the team brought to you by milfhunter, 
   why do n't they just vote him out of the office in the next election ? 
  because they lightyears away from being a majority , and wo n't become closer to it until they are in denial of soros having a massive influence on hungarian politics . 
  username checks out !, 
  there is a so called `` chips tax '' now on many junk food items and unhealthy food items were banned from school cafeterias , however such actions have a lot of inertia and it will take many years until we see whether this will make a difference . 
  mala - make america lean again, 
  we live with a prehistoric brain hard wired to always crave for sugar and fat in a modern world abundant in both , and have genes selected by millenia of recurring famines . 
  from an evolutionary standpoint we are playing on legendary difficulty . 
  prevalence of sedentary couch potato lifestyle is making the difference .
