  nonsense there is no such thing , its the reptilians that cause all this / s, 
  austria is more than just our favorite , its our fetish . 
  they are the example of what this country always wanted to become in almost every perceivable way . 
  now it sounds funny but in 1989 everyone thought that 20 years will be enough to reach that goal . 
  these days basically no one believes anymore that we will ever be on par with them . 
  did n't know you are neighbors now . 
  currently in lisbon . 
  if the honking would finally stop that would be great . . 
  the fact that they were destroying their ids and passports en masse does not seem to support this . 
  even if that makes certain groups unhappy every country has the right to decide whether they want to establish parallel societies with absolutely zero chance of cultural integration whatsoever . 
  greeks apparently do as are many christians spread throughout the world , do n't try to downplay its importance . 
  its a symbolic act demonstrating that they ( the turkish govt . ), 
  do n't give af . 
  nice message . 
  disrespectful and badly timed as well . 
  ataturk decided to make hagia sophia a neutral place for good reasons . 
  all this reported by spiegel ?!, 
  until recently they had little if any interest towards these matters . 
  but at least they are not the pesky eastern europeans who are the cause of all the trouble ^ / s, 
  i have read somewhere that the possibility of a supervolcano ( akin to the yellowstone ) forming under the eifel region is pretty high . 
  the plan is to rip the british isles off the continental shelf and tow them to the middle atlantic where they will be anchored slightly west of the canaries . 
  100 % wishful thinking . 
  also note that bern migrated significantly southwards . 
  now is n't that great a great a sign of democracy that such a buffoon is still given a chance to throw his usual tantrum in our parliament after all this . 
  could we just give esperanto another chance ? 
  it was intended to be super-easy to learn . 
  excuse me sir but is this / pol now ? 
  [ the last few days of the uk ] ( https://i.redd.it/7b9zt5mtgu5x.gif ) ( warning : possible got spoiler ! ), 
  same here . 
  i am feeling numb at the moment . 
  i have been dreading this moment for a very long time . 
  he had a good life ( his autobiography is a must-read ) and gifted us with wonderful films may he rest in peace . 
  chill man , we had to redesign the strategy in the last minute which is not an easy task when you miss the key midfielder . 
  not as if that could save us this time , but the game would have been certainly more balanced . 
   like the arab spring , the result of britain 's referendum took washington by surprise . 
  seems legit . 
  that was calculated with the estimated post-brexit exchange rate of the pound so its about 50 euros . 
  the only thing about to fall into pieces here is the uk, 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  you have helped unifying ireland and liberating scotland . 
  may your contribution never be forgotten . 
  the thing that must be understood is that brexit does not start with invoking article 50 - it has already begun on friday morning . 
  the markets are shellshocked as all polls many of which were ordered by key investors indicated a small but significant remain majority . 
  and awful lot of money already evaporated into thin air . 
  unfortunately the deed has been done and it already caused substantial damage . 
  who is going to pay for that , when this turns out to be a nothing but a pointless bravado ? 
  uncertainty harms the markets , and thus every party involved . 
  its the best interest of the british to keep this civil but also quick . 
  they have crossed the rubicon and there 's no turning back anymore . 
  what boris johnson says is just plainly retarded , delaying the unevitable will escalate things very quickly . 
   being attractive to them is a compliment and benefit . 
  about 17 million british voters apparently do not agree with that . 
  farage and his bunch lead a hate-fueled campaign focusing in immigrants coming from ee countries - this is the result . 
  edit : afaik the mirror is pro-brexit . 
  its hard to enjoy the show when we are part of it . 
  * `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . 
  '' * winston churchill, 
  shariah-controlled no-go zones ? 
  no biggie !, 
  gypsies ? 
  definitely . 
  uk chose to be the guinea pig and take a path all respectable experts warned against . 
  thus we have the opportunity to learn from their mistakes . 
  i sincerely hope that brexit will be a fatal blow to separatist movements ( e.g. 
  lega nord , fp\u00d6 , pvv ) elsewhere . 
  reading about the first ten youtube comments is more than enough to lose all faith in humanity . 
  that 's a different kind of immigration he was constantly talking about : the `` evil eastern europeans '' stealing the jobs and increasing housing prices . 
  sorry but thats not how it works . 
  we have to get over this asap no matter how painful it will be . 
  its the only way the rest of us can move forward together . 
  i would be really interested to read some insider-infos about the current public opinion and climate in the uk . 
  after brexit comes the uk.o . 
  cant 's say i 'm surprised . 
  safety and the perceived lack of it has an immediate effect on tourism - one that can hardly be underestimated . 
  when last year the refugee crisis reached its peak with stranded illegal immigrants gathered around a single railway station in budapest hotel bookings started plummeting within days although the whole ordeal lasted for about a week and only affected a tiny area . 
  ah 4chan users are getting more professional by the day . 
  moving away from pepes made using ms paint ? 
  what if he is the one sent back in time ? 
  why waste time on shooting a series when in two years you will be able to make a documentary irl ? 
  he had an other term before between 1998-2002 . 
  those were the good ol' times in fact , back then he still retained some aspects of his progressive liberal youth and had a more relaxed laissez-faire attitude . 
  quite an unexpected move but from his perspective there 's nothing to lose , even if the leave camp wins he can boast how he tried everything to hold the eu together . 
  add our border fence as the wall for some real political undertone . 
  erdogan got an erection watching this i bet . 
  things are going south in turkey really fast . 
  terror attacks every week , while tourists already shun it . 
  in the 90s the turkish riviera was full of germans when i was there last time in 2010 it was already almost homogenously russian . 
  not sure who will come after them . 
  we have just scored our first european championship goal in about 30 years . 
  in this case looking behind the data is important , our naturalization rate is so high because getting citizenship has recently became possible for ethnic hungarians living in neigboring countries even if they have no registered permanent residence in h. 
  i am afraid that 's a vain hope , quite on the contrary thanks to the relentless agenda pushing we are now permanently labelled a xenophobic state where refugees are tortured by the police . 
  multiculturalism has nothing to do with the eu . 
  immigrants in gbr living in parallel societies being in constant clash with local law and customs are coming not from the demonized ce/ee countries but from the former colonies . 
  how many poles/hungarians/romanians etc. 
  are members of shariah 4 uk ? 
  do n't know if such articles are n't doing just doing more harm by helping the leave campaign . 
  at this point we should really just stfu and let the british decide this for themselves . 
  if the the last 50 years were not enough to prove that the eu is overall ( ! ), 
  beneficial then i do n't know what is . 
  somehow i do n't expect this to be on cnns breaking news .
