  seems like even isis is switching to reusable terrorists . 
  this case again highlights why salafism should be en bloc banned , and all salafist preachers charged with promoting terrorism . 
   now its much easier to glorify his death and paint him as a matyr . 
  that makes him a good recruitment tool for radicals . 
  i do n't think `` radicals '' suffer from an acute shortage of recruitment tools anyway . 
  it does n't make a difference . 
  nothing of value was lost with him . 
   we have had a demographic decline now for 34 years . 
  our answer to our demographic challenge is not migration . 
  we have internal resources we would like to reach and like to focus on . 
  well its not a wrong concept per se , but decades of negative demographic trends have a huge momentum , which is extremely hard to change . 
  halloumi must be very bad for your heart , if a country where everything which is physically possible to deep fry is deep fried ( hint : hungary ) has better stats . 
  they want to weaken you by any means . 
  the more you have to spend on security and gathering intel the less you have for anything else . 
  the article says that the schoolburning was in italy . 
  dude , you are throwing a tantrum over nothing . 
  indeed , but that does n't answer the question . 
  they are better off , have ( or more precisely until recently had ) a broader middle class , better education and welfare than most other mena countries and nevertheless somehow `` outperform '' them . 
  why are disproportionaly more isis members and terrorists coming from the supposedly more developed and relaxed tunisia ? 
  soon ... 
  `` mos eisley - the most wretched hive of scum and villainy '', 
   no one claimed this . 
  quite many regulars of this sub never miss an opportunity to tell this . 
  how about : think !, 
  the one on the left is the actual panettone amirite ? 
  it tastes infinitely better , especially with peanut butter . 
  ^ i 'll ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ out, 
  agreed, 
  news that surprise me - not this . 
  not surprised . 
  huffpost qualifies as bona fide fake news . 
  someone tweeted that ard reported it being stolen . 
  could n't confirm it, 
  it clearly does look like a deliberate attack to me . 
  it all goes back to 622 , sadly . 
  there 's already one person confirmed dead , fucking hell . 
  it was everywhere after the ludwigshafen incident that christmas fairs will be the primary target , and it became true . 
  leaving this here for the record for those who do n't speak hungarian : none of the above news support the implied practice of keeping `` guest lists '' in bars . 
   in hungary dive bars in the rural countryside regularly limit admissions by using '' '' `` guest lists '' '' '' , for which you qualify by not being a gypsy . 
  citation needed for the above statement . 
  especially for the `` regularly '' part . 
  you have just described the hungarian countryside as if it was like the deep south in the 50 's . 
  even though it seems that his star is rising right now , the thinly veiled corruption of high-ranking govt . 
  officials will eventually lead to his downfall . 
   but i don \u00b4 t think that is what he has in mind ... perhaps more importantly that 's not what the majority of hungarian people have in mind . 
  doing the right thing . 
  they should rather just call it the deep vein thrombosis route . 
  stay strong !, 
  consumerism and the media is mercilessly pushing the stereotypical santa here as well . 
  if this goes on baby jesus goes extinct in no more than two decades . 
  can relate . 
  my cousin took a temporary job at a supermarket fish counter before christmas once . 
  his jobs was to fish out the carps that customers chose from the tank and finish them with a designated hammer . 
  the funny thing was he kept an up-to-date kill count . 
   ur vodka tourists are going as far as latvia now ? 
  that 's a lot of effort put into obtaining water-flavored ethanol ^ drinks ^ p\u00e1linka ^ gracefully, 
  absolutely true . 
  i 've done some of my clinical rotations at akh in vienna , docs and nurses alike smoke like chimneys even at the wards . 
  sometimes you could 've literally cut the smoke at the nursing station ... 
  estonia is doing something a lot better than neighboring latvia . 
  you ca n't smoke in tobacco shops . 
  that map is confusing as hell . 
  we have a complete indoor smoking ban apart from cigar rooms of hotels ( very few exist ) . 
  good job guys . 
  maybe naming a country where the concept of age has n't been developed would be a good start for proving her ridiculous statement . 
  see , i 'm still there . 
  well , did they ever advertise there anyway ? 
  he said the same , though he has a tiny bit different understanding of the values that should unite us ... 
  juncker will disappear if european nations unite , u/serendipityquest says, 
  hmm that fight scene has some r/bollywoodrealism vibe ... 
  not fair we bought it for a fair price ( a single horse ) at a garage sale ( auction hunters ca n't even compete ), 
  the most important conclusion : its on the rise again . 
  in the usa its now it has reached levels not seen since the roaring twenties . 
  the reason : automation and deskilling , now targetting blue and white collar jobs alike . 
  and the real wave of disruption ( selfdriving , deeplearning ) has n't even reached us yet ... 
  agreed . 
  denial can go at great length , even facing irrefutable evidence of declining public safety . 
  sadly , it is easy to hide even very clear patterns behind large figures . 
  if you do n't think the forgotten men and women of this country are concerned if not outright obsessed with the perceived or real lack of public safety you are not living among them . 
  take a deep breath and step out your comfort zone here and then to talk with e.g. 
  a so-called `` kisnyugd\u00edjas '' here and then for a start . 
   johnson 's criticism of saudi arabia came as theresa may returned from a prestigious two-day visit to the gulf in which she lauded both the saudi royal family for its visionary leadership , and the value of the 100-year-old alliance with the uk . 
  that 's sensible of her , praising a country having `` visionary leaderhsip '' where she in fact could n't legally drive a car . 
   do we ? 
  absolutely . 
  remember the rape and murder of the wife of a former policeman ( soroks\u00e1r if i recalll correctly ? 
  ) a few years back ? 
  it caused nationwide meltdown , permanent media attention for weeks , `` bring back the death penalty '' protests and the like . 
  cases of rape are always making national news . 
   i can assure you we have exactly zero public debate about public safety [ citation needed ], 
   romania hates the uk 10x more than any other country . 
  i would n't be so sure about that ... 
  thanks i 'll pass the opportunity . 
  tripe stew sandwich , now that 's something !, 
   also in romania watch the wild dogs they systematically reduced the number of wild dogs though . 
  its nowhere near how it was 10 years ago when there were packs of them harrassing pedestrians . 
  bears on the other hand have become extremely abundant and mean-spirited even near cities . 
  i recommend the official site for following on the election results http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/, 
  it is a figure of speech , how should i have first hand experience about the past ? 
  besides you are missing my point entirely .
