  we had one , yes - but what about second fence ? 
  that 's really heartwarming !, 
  thanks for posting mate . 
  its a proverb and you know it just as well . 
  when in rome do as the romans do . 
   only 4 light-years away that 's my place , for them bud spencer is still alive and kicking . 
  its because you all live in huts made of whalebone instead of brick houses . 
  poland can not into earthquake, 
  what stands out is how weakly it correlates with gdp . 
   several thousand guys on horsebacks . 
  was the number of invading avars truly so low ? 
  i have never found a source that even tried to estimate the number of avar population that initially settled in pannonia, 
  if they would finally declassify all the information about the [ vela incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vela_incident ) as well that would be great . 
  the key statement is the following , especially as many claim orb\u00e1n to be a pro-erdogan shill :  the hungarian prime minister said that he sees it as `` impossible '' to allow turkish citizens visa-free travel to europe , and that european countries will be unable to keep their promise to turkey . 
  lingua franca is the key here . 
  the avars adopted slavic language which would be quite unusal if they were truly the ruling caste . 
  but its really pointless to argue about this , since written sources from this era are scarce and unreliable , so every theory is based on largely circumstantial evidence . 
  `` perpetrator had no link to extremism - police says '', 
   the pannonian basin was settled by slavic tribes not at all , the carpathian basin was largely populated by the [ pannonian avars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pannonian_avars ) prior to the hungarian conquest . 
  the avars are an enigmatic ethnical group and very little is known about them , but they were certainly not slavic in origin , merely adopted their language . 
  its all about the finer aspects , but a real connoisseur can easily differentiate this from the token slavic squat . 
  it is clear that he is not comfortable , while slavs seem like they could remain in this position for hours . 
  they key accessories ( vodka ) and appropriate dress ( adidas tracksuit ) are also missing . 
  its good to have a black market grenade price expert among us . 
  now that 's what i was thinking of , thanks !, 
  you did an awful lot of work and kudos for that , but jeez , this table is a mess , its impossible to see the pattern . 
  you should make a dataviz , and perhaps even x-post it to r/dataisbeautiful . 
  except for the fact that we competed separately even back in the kuk times . 
  there 's a winter olympics you know , where we have n't won anything since the punic wars so it 's fair enough . 
  while we are there , maybe the eu should finally start doing stg . 
  about the massive influence of sa wahhabis . 
  minarets not just pop magically , saudi umbrella organizations have been investing massive amounts of money in building not only mosques , but also `` islamic cultural centers '' which serve as the breeding ground of islamists and have key role in radicalizing local muslims . 
  why this is tolerated ( not here , but elsewhere ) puzzles me tremendously . 
  that makes sense . 
  not exactly known , possibly comes from the avar language . 
  wait , is there a non-continental croatia ? 
  bulgaria is also gone, 
  no one gives af about the state media . 
   are you sure you live in hungary ? 
  damn sure about it . 
  its amazing how seriously unimpressed are the hungarian press and public about the performance of our team . 
  8 golds and 15 medals in total - `` meh that 's average-ish '' . 
  a major news site is polling the public opinion - `` disastrous '' is currently the top answer . 
  third world countries do n't have statistics available about that , or - frankly - just about anything, 
  we have to secure the source of baklava . 
  that position is taken by [ trump ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/020/360/462.jpg ) , sorry, 
  i see a pattern here . 
  what could whip up interest more than random dudes slow mo walking in a run-down alley ? 
  although austria or kurz did next to nothing to achieve this . 
  april 1 is coming late this year . 
  gilded erdogan statues at major intersections . 
  til ireland colonized the uk . 
  between what ? 
  do n't worry , we have enough barbed wire in store . 
  not surprised at all, 
  guess how long this will remain here ... 
   you leave uni at the age of 23 not so sure about that . 
  the time spent with dicking around , `` finding ourselves '' etc. 
  has been increasing steadily - not as if that is necessarily a bad thing but the workforce entry age is clearly gets more and more delayed . 
   the future is ( nearly ) there for those who can afford it . 
  teslas are great but most other electric cars , including that petite bmw suffer from a plethora of childhood diseases . 
  it would be nice to have an electric car , and i indeed see more and more green license plates ( indicating electric engine ) here . 
  but : 1 ) the ranges given by the manufacturer are idealistic and unlikely to be reached in realistic driving conditions 2 ) ac in summer and heating in winter will guzzle you precious ampers in no time 3 ) if you do n't have a garage you ca n't charge your car at home , and even if you do the electric socket used for charging has to be put on a different circuit , otherwise fuses will be blown out all the time . 
  indeed . 
  however the harmful effect of said chemical can be neutralized by diluting it with up to 50 % ethanol . 
  no small wonder . 
  clinical care of acute heart conditions improved vastly in the last 30 years . 
  as late as the 70s if you got heart attack clinical care was basically strict rest for weeks and hoping for the best as no specific treatment was available . 
  now paramedics decide it on site if someone has to undergo a coronary intervention and those needing it are transported to the closest catheter lab without further delay where they start to reopen clogged arteries within 60min . 
  cancer on the other hand is a bitch , mainly because although there are broad categories , each case is different on a molecular level - improvement in care was therefore less impressive until recently despite the ungodly amount of money funneled into cancer research . 
  especially that . 
  british scientists proved that 100 % of cancer victims consumed dihydrogen monoxide on a daily basis . 
  corsicans earn my respect once again . 
  never heard about either sounds weird af . 
  a pinch of salt ont the other hand ( a la got ) does wonders . 
  restaurants here make most of the profit on drinks , not so much on the food . 
  if everyone would start drinking tap water most places could ' t generate an income . 
  it already is you dont need an attack for verification . 
  switzerland is the vacation corner of the richest terrorist-funding saudis, 
  it goes far beyond that but there 's no point discussing it since imho the situation is practically irredeemable, 
  when it comes to citizenship . 
  beyond that its unknown . 
   we 'll be dicks to you because we 're dicks to everyone the sad truth is that i do n't have to go anywhere to experience that ... 
   yeah we should have just deported them back to greece and hungary under the dublin procedure ... those migrants would n't have come in the first place if mama merkel would n't have opened pandora 's box by repeatedly expressing that there 's no upper limit . 
  [ hungarians beaten in temerin ] ( http://hvg.hu/vilag/20130128_magyarokat_rugdostak_ossze_temerinben ) [ hungarian family murdered in horgos ] ( http://beszelo.c3.hu/cikkek/a-vajdasag-nem-koszovo ) [ in-depth report of ethnic violence against hungarians in serbia . 
  related picture shows hungarian name of the place painted upon ] ( http://hvg.hu/vilag/20130228_szerbia_vajdasag_magyarveresek ), 
  very real . 
  last time i was there there were still `` muie la unguri '' graffitis in kolozsv\u00e1r but honestly its nothing compared to how risky it was to visit romania even a short while back . 
  in 2001 during my first trip to transylvania one had to think twice where to leave a vehicle with hungarian license plate . 
  even a few years ago their were entire families fleeing from persecution in serbia , but other than that there are no problems for sure ... 
  the above comment is officially approved by the soros foundation . 
  do n't take this for granted , we have a significant number of de facto unemployed people but the numbers are masked by the government-funded public work programs . 
  unfortunately those people are mostly not well-educated and as a result not desirable for real employers . 
  the first thing we have to solve is how to make the roma population join the workforce - so far all efforts were in vain . 
  i almost care . 
  edit : on second thought i do n't care at all . 
  amazing circlejerk , that 's for sure . 
    now thats a smiley i last saw on irc in 2002 . 
  you are a living fossil mate . 
   why is hungry so good ?
