  that was a suave way of calling me a troll, 
  speaking for myself i 'm a regular of the sub , but being directly alerted by putin on the ultra deep weeb also kinda helped . 
  ^ / s for the second part, 
   its pretty obvious . 
  he is not really sane , due to his extreme-narcissistic personality i would say citation needed but there 's no need for that as there are no credible sources to prove the above statement . 
  besides , who needs facts when only feels are real , fueled by a bunch of butthurt vengeful media outlets going berserk . 
  well , in order to answer your question , what news would you choose ? 
  agreed . 
  well , the election meltdown of the `` young turds '' was at least funnier than the entire career of john oliver . 
  in the meantime milo 's book is # 1 on amazon 's list of bestsellers . 
  its so good that the dude has been for like two weeks in office and you already know how his presidency will turn out . 
  the protesters proclaimed themselves antifascists , that 's for sure , but i do n't recall milo claiming to be fascists anytime , anywhere . 
  anyway , nothing justifies street `` justice '' by an insane , angry mob . 
   horrible shit in this country you mean people beaten at the berkeley campus ? 
  wow , that will really show him . 
  i have nothing against cuba and would seek closer economic collaboration with them . 
  people condemning its communist heritage completely forget what was there before that . 
  batista 's corrupt regime , the staggering inequality , the oppression , close collaboration with us mobsters - when castro 's troops entered havanna in '59 the university had been closed for years as it was an epicentre of the opposition . 
  i love the smell of blatant agenda pushing in the morning . 
  so they exist ? 
  long story short : a former , controversial mod of the sub . 
  who on earth said anything about choosing putin ? 
   wishing the people of a country to be overrun by a foreign force is not very nice . 
  i always said hungarians easily beat even the englishmen in the art of understatement . 
  to put my two cents in i do n't think that putin or russia are particularly popular here , and in fact the study reflects this . 
  what 's interesting that merkel is so low that she can be outperformed even by a bona fide dictator . 
  estonia again can not into nordic . 
   favourite user of r/europe  .2 . dclauzel well meme 'd my friends . 
  tl ; dr : putin favored by 35 , trump by 27 , merkel by 26 % . 
   citation needed easy enough , they admit it . 
  `` in 2014 , we were awarded a project grant from the open society foundations . '', 
  i do n't give a dusty f about the opinion of these retards 2 . 
  nevertheless they can enjoy themselves for all i care . 
  mad dog mattis is about to turn isis into waswas without taking many hostages . 
  just a reminder : euobserver is the personal megaphone of george soros . 
  then you have already failed memorably by explicitly mentioning a user . 
  wtf man , there 's an option to message the mods . 
  there 's typo , not best-selling , but best-smelling ( assuming you like diesel fume ), 
  lets play spot the hussite . 
  flair does n't check out !, 
   also , good luck to any party who would propose such a ban . 
  agreed . 
  proposing a ban like this by any mainstream party would make big vik rock hard as this would mean another great opportunity to play muh fidei defensor - also cementing him into government for another eternity or two . 
   religious parties just should n't be allowed . 
  thanks but no thanks , this would be no longer democracy . 
   religious parties are n't compatible with the constitution . 
  just saying - they are definitely compatible with the current one , alone in the preamble there are explicit mentions of christianity . 
  wishing for a ban of a legit christian democratic party just because you do n't like them ? 
  interesting concept . 
  you do n't say ? 
  we were discussing its first appearance on the hungarian coat of arms , not the history of the universe . 
  fyi it was intended to be a joke . 
  mcmansion meets a citadel . 
  also looks like a reasonable choice during a zombie apocalypse . 
  the byzantine double cross has been use since the at least 1100s , and appeared on coins as well . 
  the hills - or in older depictions only one hill - have also appeared in various form throughout history . 
  it is widely agreed by modern historians that they do not represent actual mountain ranges ( the first mention of tatra , fatra , and matra comes from werb\u0151czy 's tripartium in the 1500s , at which point it has been used for centuries ) . 
  also - slovakia : when you try to avoid copyright infringement by coloring the earth blue , even if it only makes sense in an eiffel 65 song . 
  so ireland has basically the guiness logo for coat of arms . 
  makes sense , e.g. 
  the former soviet union used the logo of heineken . 
  other than the fact that several famous hungarians were imprisoned their by the habsburgs its a really nice place . 
  i especially like the friedensorgel = `` peace organ '' that is installed in the tower . 
  ristorante is one of the worst frozen pizzas you can get . 
  not only the toppings are of abyssmal quality , even the crust tastes like sawdust . 
  paying with your pen\u00edze - the ultimate iron price . 
   pen\u00edze  from proto-germanic `` panningaz '' well i have an alternative theory about its etymology in mind ... 
  orb\u00e1n - correct me if i 'm wrong - never expressed a wish to leave the eu . 
  no , he has a bigger agenda than that in mind , changing it from the inside . 
  just today he argued for `` making the eu great again '' in a speech . 
  orb\u00e1n is not very popular in hungary either , you really have to go out of your way to find ardent supporters of him irl , nevertheless his position as pm is solid as long as he can outperform his miserable opposition . 
  do they still have a midget as the showrunner ? 
  i remember it being a setting for a game show in the late 90s . 
  says the politician who tore apart the eu , and whose stubborn decisions resulted in brexit ? 
  not a great photo though , interesting angle , but with exception of gellert bath and hotel there is n't much to see , including the pet\u0151fi - midlife crisis-the bridge and air pollution . 
  payola in healthcare is europe-wide problem though . 
  not to mention the luxury holidays of doctors at exotic resorts paid by big pharma , disguised as `` conferences '' aka two 20 minute talks in 10 days ... 
  agreed , we all know it will be a mere 10 years . 
  spicy, 
   hungarian media reports that the driver was french hungarian media has since then reported that the bus company denied this . 
  i do n't find that weird , but mainly because hungary is very similar to the us in this respect . 
  i mean the very first word of our anthem is `` god '' , and the preamble of our constitution is all about christian this and christian that , and st. stephen and whatnot - not as if i have an issue with that . 
  worthy of r/bestof, 
  watch out for this guy , his modus operandi is to first predict something and then actively influence the events to make it come true . 
  titles you ca n't make up . 
  hmm , brexit itself also used to be just a fantasy once . 
  suzuki was one of the first automakers to build a factory here after the fall of the iron curtain and agressively marketed its cheap but reliable models . 
  nowadays it 's nowhere near that popular anymore . 
  shattering the eu was n't such a big price for it , was it ? 
  i 'm damn sure that the brexit-movement would n't have had enough momentum without the complete meltdown that happened after ms merkel opened pandora 's box with her `` no upper limit '' policy . 
  but at least the feelings of a random dude were n't hurt . 
  see , you need mirny atom , comrades . 
  it 's something, 
  i like the subtle details like that fine land-bridge between spain an sardinia, 
  mil\u00e1n\u00f3i sert\u00e9sborda is the culinary equivalent of the moon landing , and i 'm not exaggerating . 
  two hugely popular dishes combined into something infinitely better than they would be if consumed separately . 
  whoever invented it deserves to have at least a life-size standing statue erected . 
  oh come on !, 
  being a leader in cardiovascular mortality needs some efforts . 
  careful avoidance of veggies is a good start for that .
