  would be a happy accident . 
  its very similar to hungarian doughnut with the difference that we do n't bake the plum jam into it but rather dip the doughnut into into it while eating . 
  fun fact : the hungarian palacsinta and all similar expressions come from the latin word placenta, 
  i knew about the austrian version but always thought that pfannkuchen is universally used in the rest of the german-speaking regions . 
  terrific !, 
  and now i imagine its the 9-5 job of someone . 
  low stress , and as a bonus you can eat all the crunched food . 
  after the age of discoveries , enlightement , industrial revolution , and the atomic age what do we have now : the age of memes . 
  your point being ? 
   eu and rest of oecd i have to highlight that not all eu members are part of oecd . 
   `` we can look at the history for an explanation , but really i think it is something that can not be explained logically . 
  somehow , we hungarians just inherently love the poles , and vice versa , '' he said . 
  agreed i 'm already overflowing with love !, 
   ( also x-posting this to r/hungary ), 
  i 'm on the edge of my seat : whats the scientific method to determine and compare wafer crispiness ? 
  man , do i love drunk people lecturing about politics ... just ignore them . 
  mods do n't like editorialized titles here , just saying . 
  i would repost with the original one if i were you . 
  very low quality response . 
  i 'm out of this nonsense . 
  well did you also hear about `` the boy who cried wolf '' tale ? 
   cheap workforce ? 
  there 's no need for cheap workforce . 
  menial jobs are going to be automated away en masse . 
  the 2020s will already be a decade of skyrocketing unemployment and possibly widespread civil unrest . 
  for the record only , i 'm not trying to actually argue with you :  we 'd call them a moral society a few years ago , but i guess neo-nazi is `` the game '' now in the above comment the redditor in question made a very simple assumption : not taking in any refugees equals neo-nazism . 
  so unless we are talking about self-strawmanning ... 
  til you are either willing to take refugess ( many of which are bona fide economic migrants ) , or you are a neo-nazi - there 's no middle-ground . 
  an interesting dichotomic view of the world one would say , but in fact it is rather just a whataboutist bait . 
  what about an extra tax levied on starbucks products for a better fit with the target population ? 
  yeah i can pretty well understand what they are doing , its the why i 'm interested in ... 
  the former filmmuzeum channel aired it many times . 
  great flick , really captured the ussr vibe . 
  could someone explain the situation for us ? 
  what are the motives behind this movement ? 
  is it actually supported by a significant part of the catalonian population ? 
  virtue signaling intensifies . 
  its a fugue by bach . 
  pretty dope , but i liked the one with walking red blood cells better, 
  made my day . 
  god tier comment . 
  for the record this was animated entirely by japanese contractors . 
  looks kinda like totoro on acid . 
  its significant on its own , as we wo n't waste an awful lot of money on an event with astronomical budget overrun , and which would leave behind crumbling `` potemkin villages '' of very little further use . 
  however it does n't magically change the political landscape and is extremely unlike to jeopardize the position of viktor . 
  you can just help them packing . 
  is there any information about the agencies in london being relocated anytime soon ? 
  preferentially immediately after article 50 is triggered . 
  title edited for clarification . 
  so nuts that he correctly predicted brexit , the refugee crisis , the outcome of the us elections among many other things . 
  just saying . 
   the report 's author , mep mady delvaux , said she was disappointed that lawmakers `` refused to take account of possible negative consequences on the job market '' . 
   `` they rejected an open-minded and forward-looking debate and thus disregarded the concerns of our citizens , '' she said . 
  the concerns are far from being unfounded this time . 
  the second machine age leaves very little room for employees regardless of being manual laborers or those having cognitive jobs . 
  even if we start preparing now the 2020s will be marked by crippling unemployment , skyrocketing inequality , and - if key people keep burying their heads in the sand - widespread civil unrest . 
  hungary is terrible . 
  now please upvote me , i wan na be part of the circlejerk !, 
  no matter what , malta remains malta . 
   i am just saying this is not as bad as it is pictured everywhere . 
  especially in the media well , the thing is you know , that even if its not `` as bad '' , its still really-really bad . 
  just saying , its easy to believe fake news when genuinely disturbing real events also occur on a daily basis . 
  spot on !, 
  parallel societies believing in sharia-inspired moral `` values '' are not something i 'd like to see here . 
   not that it was that common the biggest problem was that smoking and non-smoking sections were not well separated , or the non-smoking part was uglier and smaller . 
  its infinitely better now . 
  i 'm a bit surprised by our high ranking as smoking is not very visible since the complete indoor smoking ban that came into action in 2012 . 
  downtown pyongyang is pictoresque compared to this . 
  pripyat is not ukrainian in architectural style though , but the quintessence of soviet commie block nightmare . 
  wrong . 
  chernobyl had rbmk reactors - completely different design . 
  i sold my old car last year . 
  but in google street view its still parking in front of my house . 
  thanks for the nostalgia , google . 
   i do hope your nuclear plant is a western type one u kiddin ? 
  we ai n't that rich . 
  it has vver type reactors that have a good track record . 
  but a new plant is about to be built . 
  amazing . 
  a one-man website selling colloidal silver drops to `` protect '' from nuclear fallout is the nemesis of the biggest democracy ? 
  resistance is futile . 
  return to the diet that befits a proper englishman : beef and kidney pie with three pints of porter . 
   seeing as how he 's a dark skinned ( likely half gipsy ) interesting how you can get away with making unsubstantiated racial remarks and get upvoted as long as it is directed at boogeyman orb\u00e1n . 
  now this a true emergency . 
  my life would n't be the same without olive oil . 
  contrary to the regular circlejerk of this sub personal freedom , or more importantly the freedom of press is completely undisturbed in hungary . 
  too bad that everyone who dares to oppose the armchair experts is declared an orb\u00e1n-shill . 
  ties with saudi arabia aka isis lite to be correct . 
  great username , op . 
  the spice must flow, 
  indeed but this similarity has been observed by others before , and has been debunked as merely an incidental . 
  spqr influence stronk, 
  definitely has to do something with history ( hussites etc. ), 
  whereas in countries like hungary tradition closely intertwined with christian heritage ( regnum marianum , holy right , holy crown , royal saints , the anthem etc. ), 
  has a significant dampening effect . 
  i always find the similarity of obrigado and the japanese expression arigato amazing . 
  too bad its incidental . 
  when i end having nothing within an arms reach while in the toilet , meticulously comparing the slovenian and croatian version of the description on the air freshener offers a reasonably interesting pastime . 
  coming from turkey this cover is in fact the epitome of whataboutism, 
  utterly disgusting .
