  its all right to disagree . 
  but assuming that individual redditors represent the mindset of entire nations is just dead wrong . 
  since when do 4chan memes count as sensible arguments ? 
   1 ) the entire american military is n't the forces serving in afghanistan yes but letting certain groups cherry pick where they like to serve is in fact a discrimination of the rest . 
   2 ) trans people generally do n't want separate restrooms - they want to use the restrooms matching their gender . 
  which gender , their original or assumed ? 
  you are aware that many of them do n't undergo complete reassignment , what about them ? 
  as a good rule of thumb , if you have a dick then you should n't be in the ladies restroom , no matter what . 
  3 ) is just plainly offtopic . 
  have you ever thought about what happens when transgender soldier becomes a pow in afghanistan other some other third world hellhole of your choice ? 
  have you every thought about how the accomodation of these people or providing them with separate restrooms is not really feasible in a military base ? 
  that includes comments lamenting over other comments in general , without contributing anything , just saying . 
  did he show a flaccid or erect penis ? 
  is an important detail . 
  its a good target for low effort virtue signaling . 
  haha , look at us we are sooo much above drumpf ( impeachment is coming reeeee ), 
  daily reminder that trump is the first president who went into office already supporting gay equality . 
  its a gay bomb , baby !, 
  what a pile of bullshit . 
  1 ) leave scooter alone . 
  2 ) let the crimeans and no one else decide where they belong in a heavily monitored election . 
  the actual hell !, 
  do the authorities have a clue about the motives ? 
  are specific groups targeted ? 
  the proper naming in fact was simply numbering them in sequence . 
  it 's just that some emperors with good complex renamed a few months after themselves . 
  fuck august , bring back sextilis !, 
  ( 50 bc kids remember ), 
  not when it comes to the name of months, 
  fair enough , you are right, 
  tfw they say its `` african heat '' here ( my aircon displayed a 31c outside temp at 23:00 yesterday ... ) . 
  proceed to check the weather in the friggin congo : 24c ... 
  dude , have you ever used airbnb ? 
  cause i have and i can assure you that there 's literally no way to get any information about your hosts other than the contact details . 
  so please tell me how should people avoid renting `` illegal '' apartments ? 
  and we did n't even talk about fake orgasms ... ^ i 'll ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ out, 
   the one that simply comes to get drunk and do whatever they want because they think there are no consequences yeah they want to do whatever they want , like having an overpriced meal at a posh restaurant , how dare they ? 
  its totally right to harrass them like those those pricks did in a video that they recently proudly posted . 
   a kind that has kicked thousands and thousands of locals out of their homes . 
  fundamentally wrong argument . 
  its not the tourists who `` kick out '' locals but greedy landlords who rather rent thru airbnb . 
  regulate them , tax them , but do n't abuse the innocent ? 
  super simple stuff , really . 
  nah , its really a win-win situation . 
  the ema is a large organization , and its presence would mean a lot more pesky foreigners making the city unliveable for locals [ according to them ] . 
  meanwhile here in central europe many deindustrialised cities would be glad to become the hq of this agency . 
  i sincerely hope that such actions wo n't be forgotten when their bid for the european medicines agency will be considered . 
  this is an effect of airbnb and similar services though , not tourism per se and it has become a huge problem in budapest too . 
  the answer is a regulatory action , ideally on an eu-wide level , not going out and harrassing people who dared to came to your country spend money and have a good time like these brainless dickheads do . 
  `` quickly '' means at least a few years here though , more than enough to have a significant effect on the tourism industry . 
  skyrocketing unemployment , here we come !, 
   how it will look like in lets say next 50 years , when billions of africans or asians starts to be more wealthy , and start to travel it wo n't happen . 
  the current economic trends indicate an already increasing wealth gap and and a shrinking bona fide middle class even in developed countries . 
  besides , being member of the middle class in a developing country is not the same . 
  the chinese tourists you see in large numbers these days belong also at the very least to the upper middle class by local standards . 
  have n't been in barcelona in the last few years but back in 2012 when i was there it was far from overbearing very much unlike other european tourist hotspots like rome or florence . 
  it will be however interesting to see how this will affect tourism . 
  to put my two cents in tourists are scared away easily , add this to the dubious fame of barcelona as the capital of con artists and street scammers and the resulting backlash can be considerable . 
  regardless of sexual preferences you got ta admit that the guy had some insane drawing skills . 
  some buildings in budapest nailed this * sans * renovation, 
  scary !, 
  could this be a warning sign of approaching sharknado ? 
  orban be like delet this, 
  literally came here to comment * precisely * this . 
  you are probably my mental doppelganger , stranger . 
  dude this will be definitely removed . 
  you ca n't just expose other redditors like this , no matter what . 
  `` name my band '', 
  well said !, 
  yes because after a millenia of natural selection they all have heat resistant balls . 
  this does n't really make sense . 
  this is actually a legit concern . 
  on the same line i was always wondering about the effects of sauna on the testicle . 
  do blowjobs count ? 
  ^ concerned, 
  not as if these problems were unheard of 40 years ago ... 
  but i like milk , wat do ? 
  the main take off this study is though that it is corrected for such biases and the decline is still pretty alarming . 
  the alex jones male vitality formula neutralizes it though . 
  / s on a side note i heard the same about menthol cigarettes . 
  erich von daniken approves . 
  also australia . 
  we will make our own balkan with kangaroos and coral reefs . 
  there 's no need to be ashamed , big poland is best poland , equatorial a warsaw is a bit hot though but they make far the best pap papaya pierogi there . 
  sincerely some users in this thread make me want to throw up , how this racist flamebaiting is tolerated is simply beyond me . 
  [ i wo n't respond to anyone in this disgusting cesspit of a thread ], 
  `` lets just name this particular city after a thousands of kilometers long river that flows through a bazillion different places because fuck logic '', 
  polandgaea : the lost supercontinent . 
  i particularly like when people my age assume that we had to learn russian in school ... berlin wall '99 never forget !, 
  i unironically like your comment , it definitely has its merits . 
  bear in mind though that these countries are however not mature democracies and are therefore riddled with a mixture of incompetence and bureaucracy on all levels . 
  we need help and help does not necessarily has to be the usual * gibs * . 
  it can come in form of legislative actions fixing problems which our government is clearly too incompetent and ignorant to address . 
  no huge fan of viktor but as our western neighbors use to say wo er recht hat , hat er recht . 
  `` so our companies sell low quality crap under the same brands in your countries for the same price ? 
  sucks for you , it 's not a regulatory problem , why do n't just make better products locally then ? '', 
  we are always singled out because we are by default unpopular and there 's zero risk in shitting on us . 
  the average ( ! ), 
  western european voter imagines the entire former soviet bloc as some kind of fallout-like urban wasteland where alcoholists and drug addicts are roaming the streets and there 's nothing but derelict commie blocks and battered soviet cars . 
  with such stereotypes in mind it 's no wonder why there 's little sympathy towards us .
