  also , the infamous `` goulash communism '' term was coined for a reason ... 
  hungary can into anglosphere ? 
  nata makes that 0.01 % difference . 
  hey we are not fat , just big boned, 
  japanese e.g. 
  barely eat potato and are much more reserved when it comes to meat products . 
  millions of pizza bellies beg to differ !, 
  source : http://oecdinsights.org/2017/05/18/we-must-tackle-the-growing-burden-of-obesity/, 
  considering the rate at which the polish economy is improving your question is anachronistic at best . 
  its hard to report actions of the european parliament regarding this , since there was none so far , unless astroturfed private opinions are counted into . 
  in other news : wishful thinking intensifies at the politico hq, 
  looks like the mixture of draco malfoy and a serial killer . 
  friends according to whom ? 
  if this is dubrovnik is king 's landing were the serbs shelling it the equivalent of the army of stannis ? 
  you missed a few : queen of the andals , the rhoynar , and the first men , protector of the seven kingdoms, 
  the fact that on average 1.3 ancient statue is buried under are a regular sized house was calculated into . 
  looks fine to me , its better not to take it seriously than to perform the 999th instalment of those generic `` hit songs '' astroturfed by a shamelessly attention whoring performance . 
  actually its worse : classic ransomware coupled with high profile cyberweapons leaked from the equation group, 
  i can understand the employees personal preferences as enjoying tasty tapas and cold draught estrella in a nice little restaurant in the barri gotic sounds a lot better than figuring out which food items on the menu do not contain offal ( none ) in some godforsaken country of the butthurt belt of europe but the fair distribution of eu institutions is more important than their convenience . 
  looks quite an overkill with those brutal supporting walls, 
  eerily resembles the `` butthurt belt '' of europe, 
  actuall dw is fairly balanced imho . 
  lots of news that otherwise received very little limelight in the german mainstream media ( e.g. 
  the freiburg rape case ) were extensively covered by them . 
  le pen 's warm smile could melt hearts, 
  relax , irl a few handy expressions like `` kurva any\u00e1d '' , or `` h\u00fclye fasz '' are more than enough to be able to pose as a local in 99 % of the time . 
  as i elaborated earlier on r/hungary this ad does the most harm by putting soros-skepticist like myself on the same platform as orban 's regime . 
  soros is no saint , nor should his organizations always embraced . 
  his infamous shorts damaged several currencies in the past , and his agenda is shady at best . 
  excellent summary !, 
  even though i 'm also a regular of r/futurology , i have to admit that recently it has become a elementary school level musk-ai-robots-driverless-ubi circlejerking ad nauseam . 
  on a side note [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qu7fuaswpw0 ) is a very relevant video , and a must watch . 
  so progressive , letting mentally deranged people acting as state president !, 
  `` electoral arithmetic '' ( nice buzzword ) was also stacked against trump . 
  the good thing with fences is that they work even when a con man wannabe dictator shits on all agreements . 
  sweden took most of the heat it seems, 
  its a long way to tipperary ... 
  i stopped after season one . 
  the anti-christian agenda pushing became a bit hard to digest . 
  not sure if theres an official english version but the original roughly translates as `` mercenary knight '', 
  me too man , me too . 
  did he live before vertical gravitation was invented ? 
  so someone has been binge watching vikings i guess ? 
  except in less than 10 years no poles will feel the desire to work in germany anymore . 
  i ca n't even wrap my head around what 's going on anymore . 
  index.hu is a very liberal news outlet whilst simicska has been so far investing heavily in the formerly right wing jobbik . 
  on a side note `` profanity-laden public spat '' is a huge understatement . 
  agreed . 
  is better , though the ultimate redpill is not drinking any champagne but craft double ipa . 
  i imagine her rather to be a mo\u00ebt drinker . 
  also op pls . 
  xpost this to r/hungary . 
  you wont get many upvotes for sure but still it would be good for the record . 
  economic comment , flair checks out !, 
  feels bad man . 
  we are a whole 3 % less liked than the czech heathens . 
  buildings like this from the late 19th century real estate boom were hastily built often using inferior material . 
  in other words : you would demolish them . 
  which country ? 
  local turkish dictator discovers the source of unlimited energy using one simple trick !, 
  so it begins ... 
  i hope that it will not actually resemble the `` arabian spring '' . 
  this shit has been around for while , why only now ? 
  or maybe those chinese chemists again changed its composition ... 
  well there 's a fine difference between peaceful protests and a mob going apeshit . 
  it is so far the former ( hope it stays like that ) , so even though i my support is only half-assed at best i do n't have any complaints against it . 
  just saying that the pic has * that * lolita vibe, 
  looks like jailbait, 
  having physical vignettes or toll booths on highways . 
  seems so backward compared to our e-vignette sytem . 
  words of wisdom . 
  / thread, 
  we have a village called `` pornoapati '' . 
  now `` porno '' means porn of course and `` apati '' means `` of the abbey '' . 
  i do n't know the true etymology of the name though . 
  brussels and the vallon part of belgium . 
  depressing soulless cities , shady neigborhoods , shady people ( we were actually harrassed in liege ) . 
  benidorm is cancer , spain has far more to offer and weather is fantastic even in late autumn . 
  and its super easy to get off the beaten path and see fantastic places few foreigners bother to visit . 
  just a few weeks ago i went to an amazing stalactit cave in the mountains near leon where the guide only spoke about ten words in broken german but still what a sight it was - and there was hardly anyone else . 
  why ? 
  you wo n't understand history in a broader context if you only ever learn about your own country . 
  actually he is extensively taught in schools here ... 
  traveling through ireland i could n't go five miles without seeing some ruins with the same story : destroyed by the army of cromwell ... 
  as someone regulary posting hungary-related news on r/europe do you really have to ask this ? 
  while i have onlya vague understanding of most dairy products this blog post might help http://zsuzsaisinthekitchen.blogspot.com/2009/01/hungarian-curd-cheese-tur.html?m=1, 
  anachronistic question in the era of free mobile telecommunication . 
  even family members are expected to notice me . 
  hungarian cottage cheese aka `` t\u00far\u00f3 '' . 
  there are innumerable ways of using it and the results are all awesome . 
  now that 's a good one . 
  great comfort food and can also be deep fried . 
  actually the italians also have that . 
  felt like having a brick in my stomach for half a day . 
  in terms of habits and daily life the uk . 
  from the taps , windows , driving etc. 
  there were surprising aspects around every corner . 
  not to mention the astonishing amount of vomit on the sidewalk on sunday mornings . 
  the walking without slippers on stone/tiled surface rule is so serious that once as a child i even constructed a makeshift slipper from ping pong bats and rubber bands to be able to leave my room and go through the hallway . 
  not a unique to spain .
