  are n't birds technically dinosaurs ? 
  i think its mainly about accepting the compromise that you deep down always knew you 'll have to make . 
  `` sudden agreement on many points '' yeah , this is really spot on . 
  less is better . 
  the concept of hospital care has changed radically in the last few decades ? 
  got a heart attack ? 
  even in the 70s it meant weeks of strict bedrest and hospitalisation - now its a few days at most . 
  excellent decision . 
  those immigrants who disagree always have the opportunity to start a new life in a country of their choice ( and there are a few to choose from ) where girls not only do n't have to take swimming lessons with boys - they are not allowed to do it . 
  this pepe is a hate symbol hurr-durr fad should finally end . 
  that must be one really sharp blade , look how clean the cuts are . 
  it sounds like chopping carrots . 
   hungarian raid on krak\u00f3w hmm probably it was a stag party that went wrong . 
  nice !, 
  meanwhile we and the rest of the commie block were on the cocom-list until 1990 , which means that everything better than the c64 had to be smuggled in using all sorts of tricks . 
  it is really saddening indeed . 
  like germans on ice i assume, 
   you should always walk exactly like a penguin walking on ice . 
  but now i can also say that i walk like a german on ice . 
  hmm , definitely missed that detail . 
  you are not supposed to upvote it , but i see nothing about the supporters attending the funeral that could justify downvoting it either . 
  solid arguments you 've got over there !, 
  polandball comics went shit after smartasses desperately began to squezee deep thoughts into them , instead of relying on the unpolished impromptu wittiness and campy aesthetics of the older ones . 
  this is afaik the eixample district ann early example of urban planning . 
  the old town is like everywhere in europe , meandering small alleyways that are prohibitively narrow for vehicular traffic . 
   prime minister with balls r/europe : triggered . 
  hmm , what could be the reason ? 
  the worst thing about such crimes that others will generalize and judge all pakistanis just because of a few bad apples . 
  hint : / s, 
  - all-time favorite : torrente ( the first was the best , all that came since then is mostly mediocre , with few sparks of good humor ) - abre los ojos ( the original of vanilla sky . 
  it has mostly better acting though the music of the us clone ( kudos to sigur ros ) is definitely better ) - das boot - director 's cut !, 
  ( a must see for ww2 film enthusiasts ) - stalker ( incredibly slow-paced by today 's standards , but also one of the most atmospheric and thought provoking pieces i 've ever seen ) - trainspotting ( self-explanatory ), 
  agreed . 
  really hard to find such atmospheric `` hidden treasures '' in the current era of mass tourism, 
  nice place but torcello a bit further ( seems to take an eternity to reach by vaporetto ) is also really interesting . 
  afaik it was at one point in the early middle ages as big as venice itself , but building started to sink , and was gradually abandoned . 
  now all that 's left is a really old romanesque cathedral in mint condition . 
  also on the plus side very few tourists bother to visit . 
   i can imagine this is not the case in every european country here its more `` look like a christian , talk like a communist , act like an oligarch '' in certain political circles . 
   and who knew that ghaddafi was actually good for something ? 
  the same goes for assad . 
  well as long as `` their people '' are an organized crime syndicate of human traffickers i do n't give a flying f about their opinion . 
   bulldozers , for example , will certainly never have a built-in anti collision system . 
  if they would stop giving tips to potential terrorists that would be terrific . 
   orban , for example , was falsely quoted as saying that the number of corpses in hospitals was rising , that the government was not interested in people 's opinions and that he wished more people would revert to the `` pagan interpretation of christmas . '' at least they had their fun . 
  according to polls ( see recent thread ) germans are more positive about merkel after the berlin attack than before . 
  perhaps they should help out italy and haul the migrants with an airlift directly to germany . 
  this is the moder version of the children 's crusade . 
   the march is due to set off from berlin on 26 december , and is expected to take about three and a half months . 
  so this is stale news now . 
  the good ol' dclauzel days / s, 
  for some reason i read it first as `` snowden in vladivostok '', 
  inconvenient truth : the fence works . 
  i had the same thoughts . 
  maybe there 's little communication between the tech news and general staff writers as their thoughts contradict each other . 
   sweden faces a labor shortage in the coming years , hakan gustavsson , head of forecasts at sweden 's public employment agency said . 
  for the millionth time already , we are literally in the last minute before the fourth ( and most disruptive ) industrial revolution will start wiping out many millions of jobs , with transportation and retail expected to be particularly heavily hit by its fallout . 
  if we have a problem its how to provide jobs for the masses being displaced by automation . 
  yeah sure comparing indoctrined children to consenting adults ... 
  well nuclear energy is clean until something goes wrong . 
   two cultures can obviously have things in common and still be two different cultures . 
  i did n't deny that anywhere . 
  what i pointed out that the above poster having friends from other eu countries is nowhere near close to what politicians and pundits define as multiculturalism these days . 
   so uhm , you think the culture of hungary is the same as the culture of denmark , portugal or ireland ? 
  not the same but not fundamentally different , and most importantly not conflicting each other when it comes to core concepts like civil rights , separation of state and religion , gender equality and so on . 
  their only `` obligation '' seems to be the fine-tuning of the election results . 
  democracy suits them only as long the opinion of the majority aligns with their own goals it seem . 
   where i live i have tons of friends and collegues from different european countries . 
  see , speaking different languages but sharing the same jewish/christian european cultural heritage and mindset is not even softcore multiculturalism . 
  how many afghani refugee or saudi arabian wahhabi preacher friends do you have ? 
  that is increasingly a minority opinion , in a recent new yorker interview even potus pondered about the imminent disruption caused by automation . 
  not to mention the opinion of the overwhelming majority of tech entrepreneurs and academic researchers ( some good reads : the second machine age , rise of the robots , homo deus ), 
  oh it mostly does n't . 
  but the making of the list this time likely predated the collection of supporting evidence ... 
  do n't worry we who have actually visited it know that its a perfectly safe and cozy place . 
   the reality is that this same rubbish has been spewed since 80s ... 
  agreed , but i 'm concerned that this might be an example of a `` boy who cried wolf '' story, 
  clearly an agenda pushing misleading article mixing up actual facts and unsubtantiated ersatz-explanations like `` youth unemployment '' , `` migrant crisis '' ( long over in budapest ) , and `` corruption '' which have nothing to do with actual civil safety . 
   automation is stiff to changes and capital intensive in the developed countries most people have cognitive jobs , which can be automated away with very limited resources using only algorithms requiring a modest computational power . 
  an accounting algorithm capable of displacing 20 accountants does n't require more than the office computer of one of the aforementioned ( former ) workers . 
  tl ; dr : the easy automation is only about to begin . 
   facebook , microsoft , google , apple et alii may look like a revolution , but they are n't driving a revolution with the exception of google these are n't good examples imho . 
  a good example would be ibm and its watson deep learning algorithm , which is likely to become a game changer . 
  with very little human input ( keyword : unsupervised machine learning ) it can be adapted to a variety of problems from producing legal documents to analyzing stock market trends , medical diagnostics and so on . 
  another good example would be uber , whose endgame is to replace all of his human drivers with selfdriving cars - thus eliminating its workforce completely . 
  and with their recent acquisition of otto they are about to do the same in the trucking industry . 
  yes but the disease spreads so slow that immunization works even after you 've been bit . 
   as far as i remember , it does n't contain thujone any more absinth without thujone is like coca-cola without cocaine - oh wait ... 
  not necessarily . 
  in the suburbs you can often encounter foxes accustomed to the presence of humans . 
  besides there is a thorough immunization campaign of foxes . 
  it will only get worse with the coming wave of automation affecting both blue and white collar jobs . 
  whereas large companies of the 20th century e.g. 
  gm employed hundreds of thousands of people at their peak , facebook , or google only has a few thousand employees . 
  technological development increasingly benefits a narrow sillicone valley elite completely detached from the rest of the world , or their problems . 
  i doubt he would have anything of value to share . 
  henchmen do n't have connections to the actual inner circles and several of his possible aides have already been arrested . 
  the suspect was on the run since the attack . 
  i do n't see any signs of him wanting to become a martyr . 
  besides there are news that he might have been the perpetrator of a stabbing months before .
