   the future economy is going to be about small batch , small market tailored , boutique products and services . 
  this is the long tail economy , and is at least a decade old concept . 
  now - almost in retrospect - we also know that the big players eat the lunch of these micro-enterpreneurs and the superstar economy takes over the niche markets as well . 
  companies like amazon , youtube or craigslist make a hefty profit on the millions of their contributors whereas very few of their users make a living out of their work . 
  smart , planned immigration is a non-zero sum game where both parties involved can profit . 
  an uncontrolled mass exodus of the developing world however does not belong into the aforementioned category . 
  with that boat it has a light cantonese vibe, 
  delet this edit : apparently did n't got the reference . 
  or poe 's law . 
  or both . 
  do n't worry , robots designed for the spanish market will take siestas , just as robots designed for the german market will lack a humor interface . 
  target market optimization you know . 
  quite the opposite : orb\u00e1n is recently having a very harsh stance on turkey , and in fact has repeated that the agreement only gives a false sense of illusion , and history taught us a thing or two how perilous these kinds of agreements with turkey can be . 
  but the [ esztergom basilica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esztergom_basilica ) is exactly 100m high !, 
   nick griffin said he intends to move to the ** eastern ** european country within the next six months , despite his previous attacks on immigration . 
  triggered . 
  hmm , good point !, 
  :d but at least they are not disrespecting a culture built around vodka and pierogi . 
  i 'm not changing the subject . 
  since you are questioning the merit of this program i emphasized that there are only a finite number of options available for aging western countries , and most alternatives are much more perilous than this . 
  still sounds like a far better option than bringing in masses of hyperreligious adults who openly disrespect your culture . 
  good for you . 
  supporting parents is the right way to tackle the decline of population . 
  so every single caprese salad i ate put some money into the pocket of the don ? 
  or compton , la, 
  the guy kinda looks like a younger alterego of robert fico, 
  fair enough, 
  these kind of violent groups are thriving there despite being based on a toxic ideology that even at its best was n't more than a lunatic pipe dream . 
  the title is a bit badly phrased . 
  how these anarcho commie hate groups are tolerated in spain is beyond me . 
  oh wait they did n't got a taste of the glorious communist system ... 
  shouting jeez . 
  learn some manners, 
  and who is this royal ` we ' ? 
  no need to be . 
  the first 100 days of trump are absolutely reassuring . 
  breaking news : donald trump almost cares about the opinion of sweden, 
  thanks , i 'll pass . 
  we do n't need any immigrants thats just the mantra of the regressive left . 
  automation will wipe out many millions of jobs in the next two decades . 
  keeping the current population employed is already a huge challenge, 
  well there 's a modern hungarian proverb saying that car buyers should avoid the three f : ford , fiat , and french . 
  trust me , this slipper fetish makes sense . 
  comfy feet and improved indoor hygiene are a big plus . 
  no , but people have sets of guest slippers of different size . 
  you can buy those just about everywhere . 
  besides no one fuckin waltzes thru my carpet wearing shoes, 
  wow that will really show them . 
  jeez erdo gets more and more bananas every passing day . 
  glad he does n't have any nukes ... 
  and smoking weed , dont forget its netherlands after all, 
  agreed . 
  down with tasteless lagers all hail to ipas, 
  so do you need to take off your shoes to be able to vote ? 
  its something ... 
  actually at the same time the folk in vienna aldo tried to start a revolution against the habsburgs, 
  except we dont worship them as ethereal prophets, 
  whataboutism detected, 
  technically correct is the best kind of correct . 
  it could be tolerated while the climate optimum lasted but even then it was n't a merry place to be . 
  there was an article posted about this at r/history if i recall correctly . 
  even at best it was a miserable life . 
  farmers tried to raise cattle which barely tolerated the weather , there were no trees , which meant no building material and the only combustible material was dried animal dung . 
  also they could n't make any ships when things went south . 
  i did n't find anything about him . 
  there 's an interesting theory that greenland was never truly green , even during the medieval climate optimum and it was only labelled as such by some viking explorer to lure people into becoming settlers . 
  this map shows both domestic and international travel so algarve can not explain it entirely . 
  i 'm not sure how the data were collected . 
  i mean whether staying in your own private holiday home as most people around balaton do it ( and which is unreported , unlike e.g. 
  hotel reservations ) was counted into it . 
  san marino would like to have a word with you . 
  but are they building or disassembling that assad statue ? 
  small country coupled with easy terrain and well developed highway system, 
  dude . 
  its your comments that are being removed at the moment . 
   redditor for 39 minutes making a thowaway just to share your wisdom with us , wew lad . 
  that went easier than expected, 
  it would be amazing to be able to listen to the actual recording as well . 
  took a quick a search , and though i could n't dig up anything about this i found a part of an earlier ( 1906 ) recoding . 
  ( low fidelity before it was cool ) https://youtu.be/la4ara2k9x4, 
  that must have been that one guy who belongs to the middle class . 
  russia is on the graph and they are definitely not members of the oecd, 
  the average swiss citizen has more wealth ( in solid gold bars of course ) than a village in ukraine . 
  brutal . 
  well reflected by the russian dashcam videos : there are literally two type of cars on the road , 20 years old ladas and tank-sized luxury suvs . 
  two words can explain : home ownership . 
   tell your retailer and the producer why you no longer buy their stuff . 
  i kinda imagine myself walking in slow-mo towards the cashier at auchan while maintaining a mildly intimidating eye contact , just to tell her `` you know those fuckin fish sticks contain 7 % less cod meat than in austria , eat shit ! '' . 
  yeah , this sounds like something that would make a difference . 
  yes , but professional experience in unhealthy meme food industry required . 
  you know just as well that m\u00fcller does n't have a full spectrum grocery portfolio . 
  they sell some non-perishable food items like chocolate , sweets etc. 
  besides of trinkets , odds and ends , that sort of thing , but good luck trying to buy any veggies there . 
  m\u00fcller is my go-to place for chewing gum . 
  for some reason every single brand has gradually stopped selling the good old stick type of gums , even wrigley , so true connoisseurs have to make a pilgrimage to m\u00fcller to be able to enjoy the true chewing gum experience that those tablets tasting like toothpaste can never ever offer . 
  isle of man is permanently in the shadow of a tree . 
  so they will dress like village grandmas in eastern europe ? 
  taking meme politics to the next level, 
  i really like when arguments about political trends are supported by personal anecdotes, 
  overreactions like banning posts from breitbart , elitism , and ostracization of its users have turned it into an echo chamber .
