   also , most countries in europe are between the safest in the world . 
  my perceived public safety was infinitely better in japan ( despite the immense cultural gap ) than it is almost anywhere in europe these days . 
  but there 's the unemployment aka not enough `` sit on your ass all day in an office with aircon doing absolutely nothing for astronomical salary '' kind of jobs . 
  civil rights ? 
  islamic fundamentalism ? 
  - no biggie . 
  it has been also published as a nature [ article ] ( http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v522/n7555/full/nature14317.html ) since then . 
  it has some nice additional maps ( behind paywall , but there are ways to circumvent it ), 
  i 'm missing the finns from the chart . 
  all genetic mapping studies have so far shown that they are the most markedly different ethnic group in europe , it would be interesting to see how they compare in this respect . 
  spain can not into hunting-gathering due to the afternoon siesta . 
  continental drift does wonders you know, 
  ok , thanks, 
  no luxembourg ? 
  i bet they need a bigger unit then moldova , maybe 3 switzerlands ? 
  immortan joe begs to differ . 
  interesting how the madrid metro are has a relatively large population , but when you are actually there its not overwhelming at all . 
  the same goes for barcelona as well . 
  great urban planning ? 
  hard to argue with that . 
   it makes sense that the eu makes hungary 's life difficult now too . 
  you know we will rather just leave then . 
  i 'm not going to argue with you since you are pushing a relentless and vengeful anti-hungarian agenda . 
  its really great how leaders of luxembourg ( aka the richest eu member which is nevertheless a net receiver of eu funds ) think they have the authority in these matters . 
  no , it means you are worse than hitler , stalin , and mao combined . 
  agreed . 
  they have the pubs that are sort of irl version of r/ukpolitics but also have draught beer . 
  huge subscriber count . 
   you 're pretty close to the russia-level stupidity . 
  sloppy generalization at its finest . 
   yeah , them heavily borrowing to raise pensions and public servants ' salaries was the definitive event . 
  not to mention the 100 % wage increase and the 13 and for a while even 14th ( ! ), 
  month salaries in the public sector which drained away the budget . 
   things are steadily improving for everyone worldwide . 
  you take growth for granted which is typical flat-earth economics . 
  on a long term even small growth adds up to something really big , since the base value also keeps increasing . 
  and no , i do n't agree that things are improving for everyone with the job market of developing world ( aka 5 out of 7 people on earth ) about to implode due to technological disruption . 
   were you following politics back then ? 
  only loosely , though i rooted for fidesz during the 2002 elections . 
  yeah i 've emphasized it previously several times that the first term of orb\u00e1n was fundamentally different from his current stance . 
  first of all they did n't have supermajority , but had to do something with a hodgepodge coalition of bunch of parties , whose views often as not did n't align . 
  his attitude was also more laissez faire back then . 
  but do n't forget that it was a rather different world back then , pre-2008 crisis , pre-dotcom bubble burst , pre-9 / 11 just to mention a few . 
  orb\u00e1ns views have become harsher and more black & white - but so did that of his opponents . 
  this has been a global tendency for a while now . 
  as for the mszp the bokros-package was in some form inevitable . 
  however their term was also marked by rampant corruption , and the shadiest privatization agreements , during which ungodly amount of public property was wasted . 
   i mentioned us being the richest in the region in the beginning of and the millennium . 
  interesting . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but that as i recall was under orb\u00e1n and fidesz ( first term ' 98-02 ) . 
  that 's only your false impression . 
  hungarians lived better off under goulash communism and the early 90s than most in the region ( except the former yugoslavia ) only because the govt . 
  spent shittons of money ( mostly world bank loans ) on welfare instead of adhering to strict austerity measures that would have been necessary since at least the early 80s . 
  meanwhile , other countries in the region did n't put much effort into comforting their citizens , but did n't end up drowning in loans either . 
  our manufacturing sector was n't competitive at all ( except maybe pharmaceuticals ) while e.g. 
  czechoslovakia retained its positions even during the cold war years and many of its companies continued to churn out products that could be actually sold on the better side of the iron curtain . 
  key point is that the major fuckup occurred during the years of socialist-liberal govt . 
  reigning for 8 disastrous years . 
  things are slowly but steadily improving ever since they lost power . 
  of course those pushing the quite prevalent anti-hungarian agenda tend to conveniently ignore this . 
  now educate me please : how do we live ? 
   for some reason monaco and iceland have exceptionally high values : 66 and 64 . 
  imagine a long winter night before the internet in bumblefucksj\u00f6kull ( pop : 64 including the narwhals ) and you get the answer for iceland . 
  now that 's what i would call a true slice of life . 
  so it begins , first brexit , then gibraltear . 
  ^ i 'll ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ out, 
   so two more years and i 'm safe !, 
  i do n't believe you , there are no females on reddit . 
  jeez even truman . 
  an ordinary mortal like me just ca n't wrap the head around how long elizabeth has been queen . 
   civilized europe  hellhole europe shots fired . 
  spain seems to be quite homogenous . 
  and we are genebros of austria , i think i 'll be able to digest that . 
  i went to a catholic high school ( was my own decision ) . 
  it had an overall live and let live attitude though some of my questions ( e.g. 
  how did the fish die in the great flood ? ), 
  were n't exactly appreciated . 
  i was there this summer . 
  what i could n't wrap my head around is the amount of abandoned villas everywhere . 
  right next to the royal palace with the odd chimneys there is an alley where - i 'm not exaggerating - all the houses are abandoned and in the state of complete disrepair . 
  insider info : not built by or for actual fishermen . 
  ^ mind ^ blown, 
  plot twist : he actually threatened to quit drinking . 
   vitality : -0.18 low energy, 
   metric system is superior i 'm afraid most britons give about one metric fuck about that , which is approximately 0.0000353425 in imperial fucks . 
  well lets just say that this year so far was n't exactly a success story for pollsters . 
  return to this question after the election . 
  i do n't see the point as its very likely to cause a snowball-effect of significant public deficit within only a few years, 
  since when is that renzi 's personal masterwork ? 
  and - here comes the principal difference - our plans have been already been realized , and despite the constant `` walls do n't work '' mantra they have indeed dramatically reduced the influx of migrants as promised . 
  and it was we , the hungarian taxpayers who funded this no one else , so no one has a right to complain . 
  yeah on second thought i totally made this up , sorry . 
   `` to make it more understandable for matteo renzi '' , the people of hungary are spending their own money on protecting the eu border , mr. szijj\u00e1rt\u00f3 stressed . 
  banter mode : on, 
  there are no alternatives . 
  renzi is a hopeless nu-male with no absolutely no long term plans to stop the inflow of refugees , so he resorts to attacking those who are at least doing something which is not entirely perfect for sure , but in the current situation that could n't be achiaveble anyway . 
  the hungary-serbia border is a bona fide external border of both the eu and the schengen area though . 
  interesting . 
  almost all hungarians expats in the uk i know are at least contemplating returning , and several have already made the decision . 
  and no , they are not plate-washing kind of workers , mostly medical doctors and the like .
