  yeah , they should just bend the knee and do whatever , like in this case the political equivalent of a rusty thrombone for those gibs , right ? 
  had they ? 
  already in the early 2000s they had a very visible illegal immigrant problem in all major cities , and in the last few years it spread to smaller communities as well . 
  a very pertinent question : is this a fucking joke ? 
  its nice to be a member of the country club . 
  but if membership rules are changed to include a mandatory participation in a game of russian roulette with 5 bullets then one needs to set his priorities straight . 
  relax , the above commenter is kind of a local celebrity for his reluctance to admit the obvious negative effects of the ongoing uncontrolled mass exodus from the mena region . 
  fundamentally wrong comparison . 
  no one is expected to go to anywhere on sundays these days , quite the opposite , there where decades of harrassment and persecution of those who attended church by the communist retards . 
  i 'm still waiting for the purely technical explanation of life , universe , and everything . 
  ( 42 of course ), 
   non-men what kind of newspeak is that ? 
  interestingly it was these `` nonbelievers '' who recently often found their roots and in a split second later they were renting trucks for a thing or two . 
  why have a society about something you do n't believe in ? 
  sounds like the `` society of people who do n't like playing minigolf '', 
  azulejos everywhere, 
  not electing islamophobic leaders like orban and kaczynsky but actively embracing open societies would have been a good start . 
  edit : it was great experiment with poe 's law, 
  agreed, 
  itt daily karma harvest by vernazza inc. 
  at least they had some exercise , and a nice walk . 
   mekharena says the reception he got in latvia was frostier than he expected no shit sherlock , turn up uninvited and expect to be treated like a birthday boy ? 
  teach them what ? 
  thanks , til . 
  countries where trees are painted entirely white to about waist-height . 
  goes beyond me why . 
  he is just big brained . 
  ever heard about taqiyya ? 
  if you zoom in you can see a wild soros hiding in the reeds . 
  it has been stated explicitly by govt officials that it is all about soros . 
  no one denies that . 
  i hated soros even before it was cool , for me its a definite overkill . 
  i , hereby urge quatar , where this agenda pushing fake news outlet is based to also help italy . 
  just do it !, 
   swedish police say they so far have 11 cases of sexual assault in addition to the rape at the festival , held june 28 to july 1 . 
  regardless , its not a good track record . 
  yeah , but not merkel , thats the more important aspect of it . 
  only fair enough , both places witness a lot of bullshitting . 
  house of orban ? 
  fun fact : his wife wanted orban , not merkel to give a speech . 
  that was a hard brexit for sure . 
  well , upon visiting naples actually * eating * anything there did n't even cross my mind ( too be fair it was at the peak of the waste crisis ) . 
  went for the museum with the pompeii artifacts , and then back to sorrento with the circumvesuviano without a second thought . 
  amazingly vivid description . 
  itt we act as if soros would be some kind of mora superhero just because he has a bone to pick with big vik . 
  since these two sometimes correlate those people can hardly be considered weirdos . 
  on a side note i bet you have several trips booked to tunesia and egypt ? 
  [ tldr your recent activity ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/bait.gif ), 
  remember , there are no chicks with dicks , only guys with boobs . 
  relevant username . 
  care to give an example of our bitterness ? 
  cause all i see are butthurt reactions ( quite natural during denial ) from brexiteers who are making the first steps towards realizing that it wo n't bring them the merry england utopia . 
  you know there 's a fine line of difference between individual wet dreams and ongoing macroeconomic trends - even in brexitland . 
  it wo n't . 
  the reality check is still going on . 
  i for one wonder what will happen to the nhs with its already sorry state . 
  you ca n't just magically train locals to become consultant physicians in a fortnight . 
  i guess the import of pseudo-skilled employees from the former colonies with questionable degrees and experience will increase further to replace eu workers with solid diplomas . 
  slow clap !, 
  wth is going on in tuscany and emilia-romagna ? 
  lots of urban centers , universities , did n't expect this . 
  tbh the internal german migration is brutal . 
  did you know that gibson never visited japan before writing neuromancer and his only source was a jal leaflet ? 
  i did not forget about the ideology , nevertheless the eur was a very well-made example of modern urban planning and managed to create comfortable environment unlike the nightmarish and nazi or stalinist architecture . 
  just love the square colosseum . 
  a bit of we wuz romanz and brutalism , but the end is quite agreeable . 
  or orban in hungary . 
  from the distance it eerily reminds me of the urban sprawl around japanese megacities . 
  they are taking the hobbits to belgrade !, 
  what to do ? 
  write another lakclustre article ruminating on the same unoriginal thoughts that the previous four . 
  never fails !, 
  ( meanwhile at the economist hq ), 
  wait we did n't even get to the part when we put a wiener schnitzel on top ot it . 
  very popular dish !, 
  almost everything is better with ketchup / sriracha / kikkoman teriyaki sauce . 
  since adding the latter two would be total foodgore it leaves us with ketchup . 
  favor the bow eh ? 
  i 'm a sword man myself . 
  we often use it as a pizza topping , not my favorite but not bad either . 
  the carrrot is very important in this dish , as it is sweet when cooked and negates the sour aftertaste of the tomato . 
  looks fine to me , needs a massive amount of grated cheese , ketchup , and some tabasco tho . 
  how legit is this site ? 
  will my vote get me on some kind of list , or earn me a visit from the thought police ? 
  what a pile of bullshit . 
  these girls look way better than those tho, 
  no one mentioning hungary ? 
  literally the worst . 
  why ? 
  because even if roads are repaired they become utter shit again in a split second . 
  also there is the art if matching manhole covers with the road surface - in hungary it is a lost art . 
  the 2018 elections are basically decided . 
  fidesz will win by a landslide against a scattered opposition made of dwarf parties engaged in petty fights and trying to eat each others lunch, 
  who on earth goes to greece by car ? 
  its just that titles are always all capital on hungarytoday, 
  depends . 
  with orban eroding democracy in hungary there are now daily nofap rallies ( `` brussel wants us to waste our seed '' ) . 
  i did n't imply that orban is necessarily a moral superhero, 
  if you truly think that mass exodus is going to stop after isis get annihilated then brace yourself for a reality check . 
  hey its the fundamental tenet of the eu : enjoy mutti merkels wild ride on the rollercoaster of diversity or gtfo !,
