  for the economy ? 
  they are n't . 
  uber has managed to build a cargo cult around itself while in reality its a shady rotten megacorp . 
  good riddance . 
  uber is evading tax thru an elaborate scheme and exploits its own drivers ( calling these contracts employment would be a huge stretch ) . 
  inconvenient truth , and as such i guess it wo n't be very popular . 
  the hungarian left has very distorted voter demographics mainly made of pensioners and a narrow elite of urbanite intellectuals . 
   young people do n't really vote however when they do its mostly jobbik . 
  valid questions downvoted to oblivion ... stay classy people !, 
  until a huge tidal wave comes - then it doubles down as the first submarine tunnel . 
   `` my worry is that as a result these companies contribute little to the public purse or our social safety net . 
  they are not paying sick leave , national living wage , or contributing to pensions . 
  yet they excel at siphoning away hefty profits to offshore tax havens, 
  funny how people like you keep complaining about the lack of civil discourse while having no problem casually labelling others `` alt-tards '' huh ? 
  ok http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/david-blanchflower/2011/09/world-university-faculty, 
  rutherford got a nobel-prize in chemistry though later , which is exactly why i love this quote . 
  that 's the big friggin difference . 
  in stem if you have a good track record you get funded . 
  large grants like erc are extremely competitive but in the end its your contribution and the soundness of your results only that decide whether you get that funding . 
  and other researchers wo n't magically stop collaborating with anyone just because a private university engaged in political indoctrination got kicked in the butt . 
   `` all science is either physics or stamp collecting . '', 
  ( ernest rutherford ), 
  breitbart is not a `` far-right blog '' , but a conservative , pro-israel news outlet . 
  huffpost on the other hand ... 
  insider info : orb\u00e1n 's very own course idea ( interpreting gay masculinism through the art of tom of finland ) was rejected by ceu , hence the ordeal . 
  in my own experience its best to stay sharp when dealing with people who boast about being influenced by ayn rand . 
  indeed , thats the topic of the first lesson . 
  closing down bme ( budapest university of technology ) or semmelweis university of medicine would be a loss for the scientific community . 
  closing down ceu ? 
  i do n't like this action , but no one should believe that ceu is irreplaceable powerhouse of actual science . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  i was past 20 when i realized that its not the first verse that people sing ... 
  i have to add that although it was n't changed , singing the lyrics was disfavored especially in the early years of communism , furthermore it was usually followed by the communist internationale to neutralize it . 
  luxembourg : 95 luxembourg without juncker : 100, 
  sorry , i have overcome with * that * sad kind of nostalgia, 
  not really . 
  orb\u00e1n already has a term between ' 98-02 , besides your argument does n't actually prove anything . 
  the creativity of hooligans never stops amazing me ever since the infamous millwall brick . 
  its far from being a perfect democracy but it neither is an erdogan-tier authoritarian hellhole as it is depicted by certain biased media outlets . 
  as much as i like this i also have to point out that even if they would bring it back it wouldnt give the satisfaction that we imagine . 
  because in reality its not jeux sans frontieres what we want back but our childhood . 
  is this what you can also see from the highway ? 
  fun fact : it was originally made for export to australia , however the order was cancelled , and thus wuppertal could purchase it for a bargain price . 
  i will mention something that is not widely known : jadro wafers . 
  i do n't know what psychoactive substance those croats are putting into it but i can eat a box of it in a single sitting . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of sorosbro , and any fellow hungarian redditor can verify this , but still i think that attacking ceu is a tad dickish and paranoid move from big vik and his funky bunch . 
  the same goes for right wing news anchors . 
  most hungarian domestic beers used to be pretty bland , lagers and pilseners dominating . 
  as a consequence german and czech brands are popular . 
  however in the last decades drinking habits have undergone a tectonic shift , with steadily increasing beer consumption ( while that of wine went down substantially ) . 
  in the recent years however the craft beer movement has gained substantial momentum , and lots of microbreweries have entered the market often producing amazing ipas , apas , stouts , etc. 
  - which were previously almost unknown here . 
  estrella is pretty dope , though i would have a hard time deciding whether moritz or that is the best beer i have ever drank in spain . 
  also i drank some pretty decent local beer on the canaries with some mountains on it , ca n't recall the name . 
  can we take a moment , take a deep breath and stop lamenting over brexit ? 
  its basically done , we have to think about the future , our future , instead of regurgitating this stale story forever and ever . 
   hate mogul yeah , hotel name checks out, 
  afaik they came for south , mostly following the ottoman armies . 
  lovely japanese style ( aka no sidewalk ) street, 
  actually they are de facto leaving cultural europe ( physical brexit would be quite a sight but that would require some major technological advances in controlling continental drift ) in a desperate and vain attempt to reconnect with the anglosphere . 
  mfw tusks facial expression is my default one ... 
  now i guess this wo n't reach the frontpage . 
  thanks msm for spreading fake news !, 
  what have you against them ? 
  my memories are somewhat fuzzy but as i recall it was n't particularly bad when i tried , just kinda meh ( and omnipresent throughout the country ) . 
  as a former erasmus student i can only recommend it . 
  a great way to get to know other people and build intimate , although often ephemeral relationships ... , 
  what can i as an almost ordinary citizen expect ? 
  plummeting maple syrup prices ? 
  tim horton 's popping up around every corner ? 
  cornwall can not into science, 
  heineken dropping all legal claims including the implied trade name violation does n't really sound like a fiasco to me , maybe you should read the article . 
  if this is considered a victory by heineken i do n't want to know what they mean by defeat . 
  she can always go back to the lab for all i care . 
  well compensated by the lively acting . 
   merkel should shut the fuck up , she does not get to decide what eu should do . 
  / thread, 
  global warming is about to fix that . 
  by 2100 galway will be the new home of the chianti . 
  its a symbol of bad lagers . 
  hungary really is n't correct , its rather a mixture of what bulgaria and czechia thinks . 
  salafism is the underlying cause of this , and as long salafism is not accurately dealt with such acts will repeat . 
  and the primordial source of all these problems is the terror state called saudi arabia . 
  any information about how he was roaming free after this `` incident '' ? 
  in fact i am surprised , but mostly by the fact that it was published so soon, 
  why do n't make a post ? 
  daily mail has photos but its banned, 
  heat : no . 
  ice cubes : all inclusive . 
  til you can stay in the vatican with airbnb - eat shit four seasons !, 
  `` secret '' agent, 
  wow , gr8 b8 m8 !, 
  you are really desperate to make such a flawed comparison . 
  it was a youtube video about a robot picking bell peppers ( aka robot designed for the hungarian market ), 
  never again, 
  i agree that megacorps are bad at targeting very niche markets with products , but good at providing venues for others to reach out towards these markets and hence they still call it a day . 
  so far the gig economy did n't really meet the expectations . 
  driving for uber can be a good opportunity for moonlighting but does n't substitute for the average 9-5 job . 
  in a similar manner product ideas posted to kickstarter for fundraising are routinely stolen and are available for purchase on alibaba within a few weeks ... 
  the long-term impact of the long tail economy remains to be seen , but i do n't feel that its a feasible career option for most of the workforce rendered jobless by automation ...
