  like its orban 's fault that about half of registered voters do n't care enough to cast their ballot, 
  thanks for the in-depth analysis . 
  on the positive side we will be at least very much dead by then . 
   but man is this guy annoying as hell . 
  great thing he needs to be reelected here . 
  he started this rhetoric long before trump arrived to the scene , in fact exactly one year ago he was the first leader to predict a gop win . 
  amazingly though he achieved unprecedented fame with his ramblings , i 'm not sure if this is unconscious or he is playing some 478d korean mahjongg . 
  seriously , people normally not know the name or discuss the opinions of the political leaders of hungary-sized countries , but orban somehow shattered the glass ceiling . 
  most definitely . 
  nevertheless he is also the epithome of technological illiteracy and has the delusional thought that forced reindustrialization and artificially created blue collar jobs can fix the problems of the underclass . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day , just saying . 
  its more ore less a necessity , what other kind of establishment is open at 4am other than the standard fast food drive thru 's , greasy pizza takeaways and d\u00f6ner eateries ? 
  i also do n't write in cursive , where 's my green card ? 
  one guy from genova told me it 's literally the naples of the north . 
  that being said i do n't like most of the eastern part of hungary with the exception of cities like debrecen . 
  boring landscape , very parochial , mostly protestant people still salty about the `` papal '' catholics . 
  then you would be interested in our new `` deus vult acres '' gated community housing development directed at wealthy clients fleeing the decadence and the no go zones of the west . 
  condos !, 
  onsite fitness center and complimentary escort service !, 
  i beg to differ its also beneficial for me . 
  one of those places that are better on pictures than irl . 
  just stick to the amalfi coast of you know what 's good for you . 
  viktor really knows how to stir up the discussion when things are getting slower . 
  who knows , maybe he is shitposting on / pol in his free time . 
  edit : ah almost forgot its tusvanyos again , that 's when he brings out the heavy artillery , last year he went full maga , before that there was the concept of the illiberal state there 's always some amazing bon mot in these speeches . 
  we have come very far from the original topic here . 
  but this thread supports my first hand experiences ( and i 'm well travelled when it comes to spain ) that you really do n't have your shit together and are plagued by tribalist mindset . 
  of course its ultimately your problem and your job to figure out , but pointing at others that reeeee you ca n't do that is not exactly a headstart towards a healthier public discourse . 
  with that i 'm also forever out of this discussion . 
  did i imply that they were the only victims ? 
  but as a nation they likely suffered more . 
  i ca n't believe but only marvel at the hostility directed against me here . 
  i unironically had this feeling while traveling through spain . 
  in the northern parts of castile y le\u00f3n castile is meticulously spray painted over on almost all road signs . 
  i did not mean to offend anyone you are completely offtopic . 
  but the catalan people do have the right of self determination especially after franco and his funky bunch oppressed them for decades . 
   eat halal do my early morning doner feasts count ? 
  words to live by , i guess . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  all this shit-flinging at catalonia while it has clearly given more than what it got is nauseating . 
  hardly anyone denies that this has nothing to do with race ( but quite a lot with the inherent flaws of certain religious beliefs ) . 
  besides stop complaining about downvotes in advance , ever heard about self-fulfilling prophecies ? 
  a lot less savage than a midnight walk around the outskirts of paris . 
  be glad that the vikings did n't invent inflatable boats - we would be all eating surstr\u00f6mming now . 
  as i highlighted , catalonia contributes more than what it gets . 
  if they give the spanish govt . 
  100 bucks but get back 60 while the rest goes into some central fund or to the renovation of sheep stable in el castilo de bumblefuck ( population : 85 ) in la mancha then who is generous with whom ? 
  agree entirely . 
  there is no redemption for crimes against humanity . 
  well if she is sentenced in iraq then there will be only a very short movie about her , most likely on liveleak . 
  fast forward a year and she will be at home and possibly out on parole . 
  next thing she ghost writes a book exposing the secrets of isis and is touring all over doing `` motivational speeches '' . 
  i unironically think this will happen . 
  yeah , this time it was very subtle though . 
  considering that catalonia is literally one of the most developed parts of spain , and a net contributor to the central budget it is a tad ironic move at best . 
  wew lad , you are surely bringing some heat here !, 
  yes its open to the public and the audience can ask questions . 
  also the thesis has to be made available online well before the defense . 
  that 's a good one , we need to have it here but with palinka and the small modification of not putting it back but drinking it during your presentation for stress relief . 
  are you some kind of reincarnation of ayn rand ? 
  has science gone too far ? 
  that was a super risky move though - unsolicited authorship is a serious issue and the other guy could have make the editors retract the paper with mininal effort . 
  i think we need to abandon this ivory tower approach personal statements need to have their place in academic papers . 
  never forget that if you are not at the table then you are on the menu - and the general public wo n't be bothered much if funding for basic research is siphoned away ... 
  that 's rookie approach , a real professional like me reads the abstract , the first and last paragraph of the discussion and the conclusion , taking a brief look at the figures if they are nice . 
  unless of course i 'm reviewing a manuscript in which case i will search meticulously for even the tiniest methodological errors . 
  i 'm not a bona fide scientist but have a phd and do research and i think that we are already too sheepish and need to make our voice heard . 
  agreed , i know a spanish researcher who lost her status after more than 20 years - she had a world class track record but was n't tenured . 
  now what can someone do in her forties she 's too old to be just a mere posdoc in someone else 's lab ... 
  acknowledgements are the infamous easter eggs of scientific papers . 
  there are people thanking their dogs or the secretary for the coffee , literally everything is possible since hardly anyone reads them . 
  thanks i knew we can count on you !, 
  lengthy list of things like what ? 
  helping elderly grandmas cross the street ? 
  its still crime and comparisons across groups are still valid . 
  airbnb is ripe for regulation tbh . 
  we see it daily in budapest how it makes downtown less and less livable for locals and how it is driving out less affluent people to the suburbs . 
  who cares but fine here are the actual countries : backwardistan and shitholia . 
  i 'm having some thoughts but as i 'm merely a parochial backward hungarian ( in fact i am writing these very words from the middle of the friggin * puszta * while making goulash ) i need to page our in-house statistical maven u/vernazza to explain the hidden meaning of these data, 
  one glass of water for each drink is the most useful advice i ever heard to avoid a situation like this . 
  staying hydrated alleviates the worst parts of a hangover and helps your body removing those nasty aldehydes . 
  drinking copious amounts of beer can fuck up your stomach though no matter what . 
  hungarian police is brutal in this respect , they are mandated to check every driver they stop for anything with a breathalyzer no matter what , no exceptions . 
  most people forget about it though it can get you in trouble . 
  i usually do n't drink alcohol after midnight if i need to drive in the morning afterwards . 
  was there in 2012 , it was hilariously overcrowded with , an incredible amount of us tourists marvelling at every stone slab . 
  its not bad but way overrated tbh , would not visit again . 
  this . 
  the pena palace was almost boring for me after it . 
  sucks for them because unlike spewing hatred against central europeans that would be considered racism . 
  i guess more pakistanis less poles is yet another facet of the brexit reality check . 
  we defend our borders because thats our only true obligation here . 
  providing b&b for window shopping `` refugees '' doing the grand euro tour '17 is unfortunately not exactly top priority . 
  also free movement has never been offered for residents of third world failed states . 
  well , he is n't wrong, 
  with muh brexit making many eu workers leaving already the share of non-europeans will increase further rapidly . 
  but thats what brexiteers wanted amirite ? 
   thratens a special form of threatening which also implies the imminent release of the krakens . 
  besides better remember the day v4 started a war over shitty fish fingers which is a junk food by default . 
  `` generic classicist building which is either a museum or a university starterpack '' edit - fun fact : classicism is based entirely on a misinterpretation of greco-roman architecture .
