  this sounds bad , but we ca n't lose our hope just yet . 
  the video is from 2011 - erdogan has since then completely banned the advertising of alcoholic beverages . 
  telegraph trying hard - as usual, 
  i 've always felt genuinely sorry for the poor old professor with the characteristic beard who lead the beagle-2 team . 
  it was clearly his magnum opus and the butterfly-like arrangement of the solar panels looked so neat in theory . 
  too bad that he never got another chance ( tried to raise funds for a beagle-3 unsuccessfully ) and now he 's dead . 
  some people still have to learn their lesson about the streisand effect . 
  wow , that 's a really bad comparison imho , for a couple of reasons . 
  religion , or the minority experience are the key elements of the radicalization of muslim youngsters , but it has nothing to do with this political shift ( no one speaks about radicalization ) , its fuelled mainly by distrust towards the establishment . 
  at the same moment britain 's much smaller but independently built probe , brexomars will attempt landing at the opposite side of the planet / s edit : typos, 
  it is a great read imho ( which is stg . 
  from someone like me having the attention span of a paramecium ) and definitely not the first hq essay by this journalist . 
  actual arguments and insights instead of the usual hysterical agenda pushing . 
  that 's different , up north you need the body of a seal to endure the weather . 
  so what 's the difference between being * in * or * on * the euro ? 
  i ca n't believe my eyes either , but [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union ) wikipedia page paints a similar picture . 
  luxembourg : contribution : 246.2 m expenditure : 1,713.9 m ** luxembourg : you have some serious explaining to do !, 
   wishing to hear some ~ ~ beethoven ~ ~ dj \u00d6tzi ftfy, 
  lets play spot the leave voter !, 
  and the v4 are the bouncers, 
  take a look at the [ oecd health statistics ] ( https://data.oecd.org/health.htm ) the us has more of basically everything , including the astronomical [ per capita health spending ] ( https://data.oecd.org/healthres/health-spending.htm ) , and the number of expensive machinery like ct , and mri scanners . 
  this however does n't mean that everyone has access to these , only that the narrow elite enjoys an unparalelled abundance provided by a wasteful and expensive system . 
  its the best but only for those who can afford it . 
  if you are on medicaid/medicare though ... 
  that 's the sensible thing to do . 
  i have now a midsize car with a 2.2 tdi engine ( ~ 190hp ) , and it consumes 1-1 .5 l less fueld than the petite toyota ( 1.4 tdi , ~ 90hp ) that i used to have . 
  if not for taxes i would go for an even bigger v6-v8 engine ( more cylinders = less vibration ) . 
   alaa albakr interesting name . 
  so simple yet effective solution and no has ever told me . 
  meanwhile our student drivers are taught to check the lights each time as if you could change them in a modern car . 
   it 'd be a political clusterfuck . 
  in many ways it already seems to be a clusterfuck . 
  but imho the point of no return has n't been reached so its not late to back out . 
  asimov 's laws would n't work anyway as we did n't exactly develop flexible self-conscious positronic brains that could interpret them . 
  our computers are tin toys compared to the sentient robots in his novels . 
  you are missing my point : willingness to sacrifice ourselves is an entirely different thing than letting a computer algorithm decide whether we live or die . 
  somehow we easily accept the former , but have a problem with the latter - that 's just how our illogical human mindset is . 
   there are those that would opt to endanger there own lives in order to save that of a child or family . 
  yeah but that 's a decision we make ourselves , being merely the passengers of an autonomous vehicle that makes the life or death decisions on it own however gives rise to not entirely unfounded fear about the loss of control . 
  honestly , would you buy a car with a self-driving software that can favor someone other than its occupants in a critical situation ? 
  i do n't think that society has reached this level of altruism ... 
  you are not arguing with me you are trying to deny a [ fact ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe ) . 
  dunno , hardy ever saw anything like this with hungarian license plate , but we are n't eastern european anyway . 
   the government 's authoritarian leanings and willingness to pull the strings required to achieve total and unrivaled dominance in basically everything . 
  no hard feelings but nepszabadsag being already on its knees with a circulation lower than some semi-obscure county newspapers was n't exactly in the position to undermine the stability of the fidesz-government anyway . 
  so why would they have bothered closing it down by force ? 
  as you pointed out in your other comment it is exclusively indirect , circumstantial evidence . 
  yet in the international media its taken for granted , thanks to certain opposition parties that are very vocal abroad , although being on life support at home . 
  what they do n't realize that foreign politicians , investors , and basically all humans are inclined to generalize , and that these potentially unfounded accusations and the way the whole story was overblown will hurt all their fellow countrymen . 
  edit : typos, 
  you are arguing with the point i did n't even raise . 
  i had no idea about the backstory of szabad f\u00f6ld but i hold no grudges against papers with a shady past that were hastily whitewashed after ' 89 . 
  just do n't automatically assume that the closure of nepszabadsag was a political decision after its readership has been decimated and mszp ceased to support it financially . 
  so the end of the paper that was founded after crushing the 1956 revolution by the socialist workers party and served as the flagship of the communist propaganda machinery for decades signals the fall of democracy ? 
  good to know . 
  [ topless is allowed here ] ( http://chrisniedenthal.com/en/works/na-basenie-1986 ) i just love this album, 
  algeria and tunisia are ranked higher than hungary on the list ?!, 
  sorry folks but i call bs . 
  what is there in orlando that makes it so instagram-worthy ? 
   the whole european union for example ? 
  the whole eu is one fine example , how even the most educated nations of the world are incapable of overcoming their prehistoric tribal mindset and work together for a greater cause . 
  austria-hungary worked well for 40 years out of about 300 . 
  we should really give it another try you get the wiener schnitzel and the money , an we take care about the goulash and the adequate supply of corrupt politicians . 
  just because there are no blizzards and waist-deep snows in winter southern europe is n't like barbados , its damp and reasonably cold during those months . 
  now imagine how cold it was during the winter even if it had a hypocaust , the atrium is completely open to the elements . 
  it was so successful that the hungarian socialist party backed out of the paper and sold all of its shares in 2015 . 
  there are already some futurists that preach that there are going to be two singularity events during this century : one technological and one economic . 
  i do n't know which one is more frightening, 
  we are getting really far from the original problem , strict austerity measures have not so much to do with the global rise of inequality - and the emergence of a super-rich elite - aka the 1 % of the 1 % . 
  i think its the least bad option we have atm , but its shortcomings are becoming more and more visible by the day . 
   so by being out of the eu economic diktat no one dictates anything , its just that capitalism in the era of information technology tends to favor the top dogs even more disproportionately that reinforces inequality . 
  i 'm not blaming technological progress , though its responsible for rising unemployment , it is the winner-takes-it-all superstar economics that turns it into a problem . 
  til if you are out of the eu you are automatically become switzerland with all that it means , incl . 
  the occassional hail of toblerone . 
  enlighten me : being out of the eu will make you somehow immune to technological progress ? 
   inequality within nations is increasing , but inequality worldwide seems to be slightly decreasing as middle classes emerge in china and india and the incomes of typical families in the united states and other rich countries stagnate and even , after inflation , decrease . 
  but this slight worldwide decrease in overall inequality , milanovich cautions , may be somewhat illusory since available national data regularly underestimate top 1 percent incomes and global tax havens conceal still more income at the economic summit as growth in bric countries will slow down to a halt it will get even worse . 
  for decades global middle class has been increasing mostly due to the enormous masses raised out of poverty in these countries due to the aforementioned outsourcing of industries . 
  now , however production is increasingly returning to developed countries , as thanks to automation low wages are ceasing to be a factor , and short shipping routes are becoming more important . 
  in fact now china is leading the way in automation - the days of the `` ant tribe '' are numbered . 
  i 'll just grab the opportunity and piggyback my thoughts on this . 
  though this particular article is only about germany , the trend is global , and has been going on since the 70s . 
  now its affecting all oecd member states ( gini index keeps getting worse everywhere ) , while it also keeps moderately developed countries stuck in the infamous the middle-income trap . 
  initially , until about the early 2000s it was mainly fuelled by outsourcing and everything that can be covered by the classic umbrella term `` globalization '' , but now its increasingly caused by automation , deskilling , and technological unemployment . 
  economic productivity and compensation of employees have been long uncoupled and the recent crisis was followed by a so-called jobless recovery , which means that pre-crisis productivity and company profits returned long before the job market stabilized . 
  edit : typos, 
  this reminds me of the scene from woody allen 's sleeper about the [ farm of the future ] ( http://www.woodyallenpages.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/screen-shot-2012-07-28-at-3.14.36-pm.png ) besides , who needs gmo when burying spent nuclear fuel rods under the ground can do the trick ? 
  better stick to the hydraulic press channel then . 
  president erdogan has become a burden of humanity , u/serendipityquest says . 
  someone please do an eli5 of the sign shown on the pic . 
  ^ ( on a side note it had to be some ungodly greasy pizza ), 
   n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g had a transfer of ownership 10 days ago was it forced , or they willingly sold it to financial circles close to the government ? 
  if yes : what did they expect to happen next ? 
  we know that mszp sold its 30 % share in 2015 and backed out of n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g completely - again : did they not consider seriously that this act will in the long run jeopardize the existence of the paper ? 
  the thing that always gets me about torino ( sorry , `` turin '' creeps me out ) how amazingly northern european its architectural style is . 
  they have n't raised the salary of employees since 2008 . 
  that does n't exactly sound like financial success to me . 
   theres no evidence , but it 's blindingly obvious . 
  that sounds like an oxymoron to me . 
  as others pointed out , the circulation of n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g has already hit the rock bottom , forcefully shutting it down with all the uproar ad shitstorm that necessarily comes with it seems like a really stupid idea .
