  go on and edit the [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%8cernov%c3%a1_massacre ) then ( and do n't forget to cite your sources ) , because as it is it tells quite a different story : `` according to historian roman holec , the majority of the members of the hungarian [ 12 ] gendarmes involved in the shooting were of slovak origin . '', 
  elsewhere : `` today 's slovak politicians -- especially the members of the slovak national party -- even though all perpetrators were slovaks , interpret the event as `` hungarian gendarmes shooting at innocent slovaks '' ( during the legal actions after the massacre , some gendarmes refused to testify as witnesses , because the victims were their relatives ) '', 
  all the best to our polish friends . 
  i have visited most european countries but poland was the only place where i felt like home despite being abroad . 
  hope to return soon !, 
  low effort strawmanning at its finest . 
  really not much to argue about . 
  your entire activity on this subreddit speaks for itself . 
  what kind of expansionism in failed states with next to no resources ? 
  stop spreading this nonsense . 
  although during those centuries we had a full-blown continental war at least every 50 years ... times like this are the worst for this old `` every man for himself '' behavior, 
  its time to think about relocating the eu headquarters to a more secure location . 
  this thread started about a middle finger made of french fries yet you are condemning me for `` not discussing the actual events '' ? 
  it resembles the imperial japanese flag a bit, 
  absolutely !, 
  every swimming pool is full of nepalese flags, 
  it was depicted like this since the 17th century , because that 's how it really looks . 
  most likely the crown got crooked during a clandestine rescue operation and for some reason no one ever thought about fixing it . 
  probably in honour of albert hoffmann the swiss scientist who invented lsd / s, 
  on the plus side it always remains the same no matter how much you zoom in, 
  i do n't know how that can be discussed without seriously hurting others . 
  healthy self-confidence is the key to success, 
  its definitely not because we are doing so great, 
  but you are one of the few countries where all motorways are completely lit . 
  that 's something, 
  read somewhere that his spacesuit overinflated and he could barely squeeze himself into the airlock during the return, 
  just love this picture.really shows how small our world is, 
  we have a nice proverb for such situations : `` beats the stinging nettle with another one 's dick . '', 
  how about sending charter jets for them and hauling them directly to germany then ? 
  sorry to annoy you with our sovereignity . 
  every state has its right to protect its borders and decide who they let in . 
  no need to be sorry , its actually an euphemism in this case, 
  clicking on `` continue this thread '' proved to be a worthy endeavor after all , 
  umm ok that 's understandable i guess ... , 
  [ hey hey guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz6eijdvyfw ) you got ta slow down a little bit, 
  why ? 
  it is best korea after all , in fact it is so good that hardly anyone ever leaves it ^ / s, 
  rest of europe says : merkel is a threat and a problem . 
  europe makes giant steps in exploring mars , barely a month ago they found [ plastic parts ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/plastic-found-in-chocolate-prompts-european-recall-for-mars-1456243015 ) in it , and now they are searching for life , what a time to be alive !, 
  and what about a match of badminton ? 
  those obsolete huge antennas really acted as lightning rods so it made sense back then, 
  my personal fav from my grandma : do n't drink anything cold during the summer as it will `` boil your lungs '' and you will get a pneumonia !, 
  we should really start an `` easterneuropeanchildhoodfears '' subreddit, 
  the essential problem is that most people going to a bullfight are `` most likely '' there to see a guy fighting with an actual bull , not some nightmarish robot . 
  similarly , you probably would n't replace your partner with a realdoll either ... 
  ventilate your home in like 0.01 sec, 
  central europe only exists from a geographical viewpoint , but our mindset and political landscape is mostly not much different from that of the `` true '' eastern european countries and this applies to all the wannabe central european countries ( v4 , west balkan states etc. ) . 
  hence the term eastern european is mostly justfied imho . 
  as if there would n't be tens of millions of unintegrated immigrants in western europe living in parallel societies . 
  that one million is just the tip of the iceberg, 
  harrassing sane tax paying citizens, 
  i hope they have been banned from the eu permanently . 
  sharia patrols and all this islamist bs must be handled with an iron fist, 
  so what ? 
  does it give your chancellor right to act as the de facto dictator of the eu telling what to and scolding anyone for not partaking in her suicidal mission ? 
  not vetoing and agreeing are two things separated by lightyears . 
  even good ol' faymann buddy merkels personal lapdog has been less docile recently, 
  well if `` merkel thinks '' then why is hungary the scapegoat for vetoing this proposal ? 
  maybe its the other way around and there is actually one govt . 
  forcing its concept and mindset on others . 
  on a side note : i am hearing a lot of `` merkel thinks '' recently but hardly any `` merkel does '', 
  well i sincerely hope she does n't sleep well after opening pandora 's box by her massive pile of bs called `` willkommenskultur '', 
  and what about strawmanning ? 
  `` turkey solution '' as if there would be such thing . 
  that 's the # 2 least photogenic `` pizza '' i have ever seen , second only the abomination tha was served me in an `` italian '' restaurant in kyoto, 
  more precisely the age of dualism named after the dualist form of government of austria-hungary, 
  yes i have . 
  actually lived in z\u00fcrich for years . 
  so back off, 
  funny because bavaria looks like a switzerland within germany, 
  splendid idea , except summer break is not in april , which `` might '' be a problem for those who have kids, 
  actually i read that as well in one of stefan zweig 's books ( decisive moments in history ) . 
  according to him someone deliberately left a side gate ( kerkaporta ) open for the invading ottomans . 
  do n't know what sources he relied on though, 
  the canaries are already overcrowded . 
  problem is that after the 2008 crisis they did not invest in property development and lots of apartments were sold to permanent residents . 
  they are an awesome destination but those planning a vacation there should book well in advance this year, 
  on the other hand one can also not go for a holiday to egypt , turkey or tunisia anymore . 
  it becomes increasingly harder to find a vacation spot that 's not overseas besides not all greek islands are within the migration routes of the refugees , i have n't been to greece in the last few years but i guess places like corfu , crete , or mykonos remain pretty much unaffected . 
  i certainly would - the only problem is that i actually did not link an article, 
  interesting , that 's like 13.000 more than only two days ago . 
  [ i 'll just leave this there . 
  its easy to to order lobster for dinner especially if its not you paying the bill, 
  this is almost exclusively domestic violence within marriage - which is unfortunately mostly invisible, 
  as the germans say `` wo er recht hat , hat er recht '' . 
  fact is that orb\u00e1n demonstrated better foresight than most leaders about the unfolding of this refugee crisis . 
  one has to give credit to him for that !, 
  i am far from being a fan of him but i am still glad that this crisis started under him and not his feeble-minded predecessors . 
  remove the oil part . 
  places like dubai and ksa are also hell for hundreds of thousands of poor souls ( mostly indians and filipinos ) who do the menial jobs there . 
  opressed , constantly humiliated and ridiculously underpaid , living in miserable dwellings . 
  people planning a vacation in dubai should contemplate this . 
  i think we should finally accept that people with questionable or unknown identity coming from the most uneducated , narrow-minded and sharia-infested land on this earth should not roam freely around in western society . 
  hungary can generously contribute by building a state of the art razor-wire fence around it . 
  you never know who might come knocking on your door !, 
  code name for gypsies, 
  wiener schnitzel like the austrians do fried in butter , served with red currant jam and potato salad . 
  literally tons of analyses have been made by progressive think tanks but the most important thing would be to send a clear message that the so-called `` willkommenskultur '' has come to an end . 
  nevertheless , some suggestions : refugees who decide to stay in safe non-eu countries are eligible for monetary aid , and can even apply for temporary ( ! ), 
  working visa to the eu there assuming they have valid id .
