  although we 're not * really * countries , so on whom the uk views as siblings . 
  i think a lot of the people in the uk see ireland as our brother , only we were a fucking terrible sibling so we doubt the feeling is mutual . 
  then it 's australia and new zealand , followed closely by canada , not sure why , maybe it 's because they ditched the union jack . 
  outside of the anglosphere , it has to be france , our favourite enemy ,, 
  i ca n't prove that because i do n't believe it is , on an economic level at least . 
  prove the eu is the only thing keeping the uk afloat , as is implied by the much of the remain rhetoric . 
  how about a eu-esque union with the us then ? 
  obviously they 'll drag our politics drastically to the right but you do n't seem to mind that kind of thing . 
   foreign influence is inevitable influence is fine , having to put certain clauses into most of your legislation is not . 
   and because they knew their days as great powers were over . 
  no , it was literally `` let 's not have another fucking massive european war '' . 
  britain knew its days as a world power were essentially over and decolonised after the war , yet we did n't join the eec until the 70 's . 
  soft power mostly refers to influence on governments rather than people . 
  but you 're right the us are a close equal , the top 3 are generally , uk , us and germany . 
  vast cultural , political and wealth differences that will affect the governance of your country and unlimited immigration from these areas ? 
   this is what people mean when they remind you that the empire is gone we know . 
  funny that you say that when we say we want to control our own affairs and do n't want a foreign country to directly influence our governance . 
   for smaller countries 5th largest economy is not `` small ''  even france and germany took the hint after ww2 . 
  france and germany intertwined their economies so they could never go to war again , if anything they united because they knew they were strong enough to threaten each other . 
  as is much of our financial policy and diplomacy , my point was we can afford to leave the eu , we might drop into 3rd or 4th at worst in those areas , but it would hardly be a great decent as many of the in crowd seem to pretend . 
  america is first in terms of overall influence , but a lot of that comes from hard power and its dominant position in nato . 
  it ranks well in soft power but the uk generally outdoes them . 
  basically , in terms of soft power , we 're like america except we have fewer enemies and closer friends . 
  if bigger is better then would you be in favour of adding russia , china or half of africa to the eu ? 
  sorry , i 'm tired , i have n't been to bed yet so really do n't have the energy to go into detail . 
  i ca n't see a clear number on the fraction you 're referring to , do you have a rough percentage ? 
  what concerns me about our current immigration system is that due to not being able to control eea immigration , we have to heavily restrict immigration from outside it . 
  why is it easier for an unskilled german to come here than it is a skilled canadian ? 
  ( another generality i know but i hope it explains my ) ultimately , my point is , if the uk wanted to shut down immigration , open it up completely , or only allow it from mexico , it should have that power . 
  i 'm off to bed , if you wish to continue talking i 'll try to reply tomorrow . 
  - immigration policy - industrial policy , subsidies and regulations - individual foreign policy and voice in global organisations, 
  you 'll get no surprise from me that the british electorate are ignorant on a fair few issues that guide their votes . 
  sovereignty is the biggest thing for me , ultimate control over your own country 's affairs . 
  it looks like the eu has to move closer to federalisation if it is to thrive , i want the uk to be a close ally of that , but not part of it . 
  if you only care about the economic side of the argument , yes . 
   rather seems to undermine the leave campaigns entire point does n't it . 
  lesser regulation , lower membership fees and little to no influence on any laws not related to eu trade are all benefits to full eu membership . 
  although you do have a point , the keystone of the leave campaign is immigration controls and full sovereignty . 
  the only reason i can think of is to dissuade euroskeptics in the eu , but that could easily backfire . 
  we would take an initial economic and influence hit , it would be silly to assume otherwise . 
  but for most euroskeptics it 's a sovereignty issue , however , there could be an economic benefit down the line if we deregulate and do n't need to add protectionism to european products . 
   there is a reality to this that is not being communicated it seems to be the jewel in the remain crown , they 're certainly going to focus their campaign around it . 
   but being outside would put up the same trade barriers that other non members like australia face only if we did n't join the eea and suddenly decided to heavily reduce our trade . 
  seeing as we trade so heavily with each other there is little reason why we would n't have a free trade deal , unless the eu wanted to punish us post-brexit . 
   the rest of the eu will continue on regardless we 're a net contributer , the second/third largest economy and a major trade partner . 
  the uk can easily come off worse if we exit but the eu would n't easily brush us off . 
   immigration from europe is n't really relevant to your problems it is in the eyes of the electorate , there 's a reason ukip came third in votes last year . 
  it 's more of a wall street vs city of london thing than it is new york vs london, 
   we wouldnt fall into obscurity i was replying to what the comment above suggested  economically weaker debatable  politically weaker yes , but we 'd also be politically independent and able to focus our efforts in a better way . 
  i do n't see the point in being part of a large bloc if that bloc does n't cater to your interest ( and it would be unfair to the other members to expect it to )  the main argument seems to be that we cant reform the eu one of the biggest arguments for euroskepicism is limiting immigration from europe , you do n't seriously think we 'd be able to stop that on a long term basis from within the eu do you ? 
   calling ~ 40 % of the population names doesnt help the debate . 
  i did n't call ~ 40 % any names , i said that * some * brits are defeatist . 
  i 've met many europhiles who believe we 'd be just fine outside the eu , just that we 'd be better inside . 
  it kinda goes back and fourth , but if i recall correctly london has held the title for most of this decade . 
  and scotland is a liberal democracy with a high standard of living * within * the uk , does n't mean it would n't be out of it . 
   if the uk left the eu we would suddenly stop trading with them oddly enough , i only see the remain side saying this will happen . 
  we 're the fifth largest economy in the world and our capital is the financial centre of the planet , we also generally rank first in terms of soft power . 
  now , i wo n't deny the eec and maybe the eu has helped us achieve that , but we 'd hardly fall into obscurity if we left . 
  even if things go badly post-brexit we 're very likely to remain a regional power in europe and in the the top 10 world economies for a long time . 
  it confuses me to see such a defeatist attitude some of my countrymen . 
  there are good reasons to stay in the eu , `` we 'd be nothing without them '' is not one of them and i fail to see how any brit does n't find this an offensive estimation and any continental european citizen does n't view this as a selfish and manipulative reason to be united with them . 
   thats why you step in . 
  many people already had , the cameraman was documenting the incident in case it got worse  is there a point to this ? 
  yes , the one where i 'm saying filming something like this can be useful to the police if it goes that far , but i 've already explained it to you twice . 
   i do n't think holding someone like that is an arrestable offense . 
  but what if it escalated ? 
   and i think it 's cowardly if you were committing a crime , who do you target first ? 
  the guy trying to stop you or the guy documenting it ? 
   this guy , presumably younger old people have phones too, 
  it 's a long term help to provide evidence that could lead to the attackers arrest , if there are other people helping i do n't see much wrong with filming it instead of getting directly involved . 
  not to mention seeing a camera can sometimes make people rethink their actions . 
  i think he 's more referring to brits on holiday in spain , portugal , italy , etc. 
  let 's face it we do n't have a good reputation . 
  as for the irish i 've met , i think they 're a bit more similar to us than they 'd probably like to admit , i 've heard less of them having a reputation for not being able to hold their drink abroad but it would n't surprise me if they had one too . 
  many non-eu countries are in erasmus , and if we vote to leave we wo n't actually be out until 3 or 4 years after the vote . 
  i did mean that , but if those polls you listed are correct then i was clearly mistaken , my apologies, 
   it does n't need to labour only implemented devolution in an attempt to kill nationalist movements and parties , nationalist parties are the best thing for bringing devolution , which is why england does n't have it . 
   ukip has been the public face of the eu withdrawal movement for almost 20 years yes , but that does n't make british euro-euroscepticism a ukip movement . 
  labour and the snp used to be eurosceptic and held strongholds in scotland , but that did n't make uk `` independence '' actually about scottish independence in the same way that ukip 's historic base being southern england does n't make it about southern english independence . 
   apart from that you 're simply contradicting me as you did n't provide a source to back up your points , i simply told you they were not true . 
   the different nationalist parties will use it to try to gain more devolution so the nationalist parties will do the same thing they are doing now then , i do n't see how brexit would really be useful to anyone other than the snp . 
   after a brexit all bets are off afaics unless wales , scotland and northern ireland vote overwhelming to remain yet the uk overall votes to leave , there is no reason to act like brexit will dismantle the united kingdom . 
   they 'll ask for a referendum as already said , the snp will ask for one at the earliest opportunity . 
  brexit is n't going to turn plaid cymru or sinn fein into dominant political forces so post-brexit referendums here are incredibly unlikely . 
   the carrot to keep the union will be greater local autonomy i agree , i do n't really care much about this union but if it is to continue i 'd rather it federalised . 
   ukip historically has been southern english so when you were talking about uk independence being english you were actually talking about ukip support then . 
  you do realise that not everyone who supports brexit supports ukip , right ? 
  yes , now would you like to respond to my points or are you just going to hint at an ad hominem ? 
   the scots will want to hold another independence referendum , the snp would hold an independence referendum because the weather was bad if they could . 
  if the pm is smart he 'll make them hold off until we 're out of the eu and scots notice the sky has n't fallen before holding a second referendum . 
   and the welsh and irish may go in the same direction . 
  support for welsh and northern irish withdrawal from the union is incredibly low and support for leave generally polls at around the same levels here as they do in england if i recall correctly . 
   most of the uk ` independence ' movement is really concerned with ` english independence ' no it is n't  and until recently was simply `` southern english independence ' . 
  no it was n't  the uk leaving europe might spell the end of the uk union the eu can subsidize wales , northern ireland and scotland instead then, 
  til , thanks, 
  is n't it in the constitution that the president must have been born in the us ? 
  i mean if there is any country they 'd turn a blind eye for on that rule , it 's canada , but still . 
   wales : who ? 
  you say that , but even you forgot about england, 
  i was referring more to quantity over quality when it came to occupation realities .
