  rich and poor should always be evaluated with different standards . 
  a wild zizek appears !, 
  it 's supereffective !, 
  ... do you really have to rub it in ? 
  yes and we are orange . 
  thank you catholic church . 
  sooo ... why is serbia orange and finland yellow ? 
  the m5s is not against the eu . 
  it 's against the euro . 
  an equally questionable position , but rather different in scope compared to the northern league . 
  you really think the northern league can make any substancial impact ? 
  no , of course . 
  what i meant to say is that since we have the word from latin , it has to come from somewhere that the roman empire had contact with . 
  slavic populations had little contact with the empire before the period of the great migrations , so it is unlikely that the name german comes from them . 
  i 'm not saying impossible , just unlikely . 
  it is also perfectly possible that the two words were coined parallel to one another . 
  i do n't think russia is the greatest threat . 
  what we really need to watch out for is the centrifugal forces working to disrupt the union . 
  what we have is nowhere near perfect , but divided we are easy prey of the usa , china and russia . 
  not even germany can compete alone against the giants outside our continent . 
  not saying we should not watch our back , but to consider russia a permanent enemy of europe is nothing more than fear mongering . 
  between 10 % and 14 %, 
  fortunately for italy the northern league is pretty much already at its maximum size . 
  i really do n't see how they have any chance of making any real change , especially considering that when they had their chance during their alliance with berlusconi , they did nothing . 
  ahah that 's a pretty interesting piece of trivia . 
  unfortunately it does n't hold up too much . 
  the first mention of germania is in the `` de bello gallico '' of caesar in the 1 ^ st century ad , while the first mention of slavic populations is in the 5 ^ th century by byzantine officials . 
  germany comes from the latin name germania . 
  unfortunately we are not sure where this comes from . 
  a theory is that it comes from `` gair '' ( celtic word ) meaning near . 
  probably it was how the gaulic population referred to the tribes on the other side of the rhine and the romans inherited the word . 
  well you know ... 
  when you spend a thousand years locked in small warring city states , things tend to get ... eccentric . 
  i disagree . 
  what is extremist today may not be in the future and was n't in the past . 
  and that is exactly what i meant ... / s politicians are humans and so respond to two things : the opportunity of gaining personal wealth/power or the risk of loosing said wealth and power . 
  what instruments do we have if not the threat of putting our vote against them ? 
  having decently sized far left and right partiers ( i 'm talking of 10 % or less , not 40 % ) would put the moderate parties in the position of having to do something or go home . 
  in my opinion it 's because we lack strong far left and far right parties . 
  the centre leaning parties ( of both political wings ) will never feel compelled to do anything more than the bare minimum if there is n't the threat of someone more radicalized than then winning their voters . 
  it 's almost perfectly divided in allies , axis and commies . 
  fun fact : larva in latin means ghost , but it was often used also to describe the white masks worn by actors . 
  in venice the term remained in use and the typical carnival white masks are still called like that . 
  the modern meaning derives from the fact that the animals we call larvae have a `` face '' vaguely similar to one of the typical white masks and so the scientists used their latin name . 
  if you 've been my side of italy you 'd probably add some holy figure after it . 
  great scene , but the accent of the `` italian '' guy is terrible . 
  also :  ti uccido con questa carne that means  i 'll kill you with this meat . 
  i refuse to believe you somehow manage to remeber your username . 
  and yet 50 years later the economy is not that better , ( not trying to mock you , i 'm on the same boat honestly ) was it really communism that hindered economic growth ? 
  china and the ussr were both communists , but were and still are economic giants . 
  also i would not call the ussr and china hardcore communists . 
  the closest we ever got to pure communism was revolutionary catalonia . 
  and again do n't worry . 
  my intention is not to call you a fascist , only to have a discussion . 
  no , i 'm not an sjw looking for cheap ammo , i 'm just surprised that someone coming from an ex-iugoslavia country would hold such views when in history the actual fascists devastated your country so much it was the one with the highest percentage of population lost of the whole war . 
  you have n't answered the question . 
  really ? 
  you 'd prefer fascism to communism ? 
  people who dismiss systemic flaws by putting all the guilt on the shoulders of the affected gon na do their thing . 
  i 'm not opposed to the idea of ditching the taxation of labour in all honesty . 
  i would much prefer taxing the surplus value that a worker produces . 
  the problem is however that automation is getting rid of many decently paying jobs in favor of a few extra very well paid jobs ( which are rarely taxed a lot ) and many very low paying jobs ( which can not be taxed a lot ) , so how is the government supposed to recover the lost income ? 
  taxing robotic labour is not such an absurd idea . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  getting rid of public institutions ? 
  private healthcare and education , no thanks , this is not the united states of europe . 
  better than americans . 
  for a lot of them europe is essentially a communist hellhole . 
  if they are used to generate income why not ? 
  we already tax a lot of machines , why should robotic labour be exempt ? 
  also we tax the labour of scientists , physicians , engineers and researchers . 
  should they be exepmted because they are somehow less productive if taxed ? 
  it may be time to fully ditch our current system and create a new society . 
   need to be forced to accept any shit job this is true regardless of how lazy someone is . 
  none likes to be exploited . 
   when more and more people loose their jobs due to automation , that approach won \u00b4 t be viable any longer . 
  exactly , but people will continue to argue that automation does not eliminate jobs . 
  there 's truth in that statement , but it fails to highlights another aspect of automation , it devalues human labour . 
  we wonder why wages have stopped growing and that is the answer , that and the exploitation of third world countries workforces . 
  so yeah , thanks to the magic of capitalism we may be able to employ every human by creating senseless and soulcrushng jobs , but at what point is it no longer worth it ? 
  can you explain why ? 
  italy and italy . 
  [ damn english , they ruined england !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5lyxavka0u ), 
  [ grabs popcorn ], 
  free market does not inherently means capitalism and you 'll have to demonstrate to me how free market and luxuries are correlated . 
   but ofcourse we could also learn from all those other systems that worked so much better , like communism or socialism indeed we can . 
  do you think capitalism will work forever ? 
  what happened to every other economic system before it ? 
  you 're ... not serious , right ? 
  you have to become one with the edgyness . 
  unlimited edgy works . 
  so for the sake of fixing it we should turn into commodities everything ? 
  not a big fan . 
  me too !, 
  yeah and gives edgy teenagers the cheap `` if you hate it so much just do n't use it lol '' argument . 
  i agree and i hope you agree with me saying that it 's a pretty moronic system . 
  yes but it 's like screaming at the gun vendor for selling guns to the thiefs that later robbed the bank . 
  yeah it is their fault as well , but there 's a much bigger elephant in the room . 
  while in some cases you can vote with your wallet , in general it 's an impractical form of protest .
