   christianity gave us most of the roman thing you got only the boring part then !, 
  anyway romans did n't always enslave , sometimes they did n't even have to conquer , some tribes were impressed by rome and wanted in . 
  this was actually the case even for some of the tribes during the barbarian invasions , the huns were pressuring north europe and the people tried to flee into roman lands . 
  this was not ideal for the romans obviously and they tried to fight most of the fleeing tribes . 
  mass immigration is problematic to handle even for modern infrasctructure after all . 
  roman weapons were n't fabulous enough . 
  did n't know there was trade with scandinavia , interesting , i wonder what currency they used . 
  yeah , a lot of emperors came from [ illirya ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illyrian_emperors ) . 
  it 's a pretty interesting piece of trivia . 
  i 'm always amazed by the fact that the emperors were rarely italians , the empire was very accepting of different cultures . 
  well as much as ancient empires could be accepting . 
  [ i love that scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9foi342lxqe ), 
  for the time it was quite normal . 
  if i remember correctly the whole `` napoleon was short '' thing was born because the foot used by the british was shorter than the french one , so napoleon appeared shorter on paper because of the difference in the unit of measurement . 
  from there the joke was born and , as we all know the power of memes , survived until today, 
  until the krauts arrive . 
  well we do not have a border in common so you do n't have to worry !, 
  unless you guys anshluss austria again . 
  ehi op if you annex a country do the neighbours declare war ? 
  they would technically be bordering then . 
  right under the subscribe button there should be your username , near it there 's the flair button . 
  [ memes have changed ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/war-has-changed-but-war-never-changes_o_2759665.webp ), 
  that 's actually a pretty cool dam . 
  imagine presenting it though . 
  `` so let me get this straight ... you want to put a giant inner tube in the river and inflate it . '', 
  `` yes . '', 
  `` i like your attitude , you 're hired . '', 
  in soviet spain hookers screw you !, 
  i was little when i 've been there , so my nostalgia glasses may have a role in this , but i have fond memories of it . 
  it was so full of life . 
  i would like to apologize for the state it is the building now . 
  believe it or not a lot of italians really do n't like tourism , so often we neglet a lot of otherwise beautiful stuff . 
  the stasi museum was really interesting . 
  i second it . 
  i actually had my worse experience with swindlers in paris ( still love the city though ) , but i agree it is pretty bad . 
  venice has problems , not only petty crime , but also severe depopulation ( in twenty years the number of inhabitants went fron 100k to a little more than 50k ) and dangerous levels of infrastructural degradation . 
  there was recently a scandal over the mose , the system of dams that was meant to protect venice from the tides , not only does it not work properly , but the managers stole a lot of public funds ( in pure italian style ) . 
  you guys are expert of dams , we could use a hand . 
  oh i agree , if you are good enough height hardly matters , though they 're not completely wrong on how society considers inherently inferior being short ( for men ) . 
  i have no direct experience of this though ( i 'm 1.78 m ) so do n't take for true what i say . 
  anyway did n't mean to derail the conversation , sorry mods . 
  unfortunately venice has a lot of problems , i live near it i know . 
  it also had a streak of really bad mayors ( may that damn dawrf [ brunetta ] ( http://data.tumblr.com/w2wueqqvua92mmn6ifiljrie_400.jpg ) burn in hell ) that really did n't help the situation . 
  still i found its history extremely facinating , after all it was the most powerful and wealthy merchant republic until you guys stole the title . 
  i do n't know if you 're familiar with the war of the league of cambrai but it reads like a hollywood movie . 
  well society does look down on anyone that is not within normal parametres . 
  short men are considered inferior by many . 
  from that to being 100 % salty though is another thing entirely, 
  some years ago there was a proposal to rebuild the colosseum , but it was rejected by rome 's citizens , they 're fond of the current `` look '' , just like the citizens of paris refused to deconstruct the eiffel tower . 
  oh i did n't mean to sound condescending . 
  it 's just a fun place . 
  be careful of r/short though , they 're quite violent , not always without reason i have to admit . 
  i do n't know , being so high was kinda fun for me . 
  less the couple of hundred steps to get down . 
  it 's not even [ the only one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_leaning_towers#italy ), 
  in a way it is . 
  in the middle ages people did not really care much about preserving the past and often recycled old buildings for materials , which were usually of high quality , that 's the reason the colosseum feels half finished , it was partially deconstructed . 
  the louvre is fantastic , we spent an entire day visiting it and we did n't even see half the stuff they have . 
  agree on the mona lisa , veronese 's painting is honestly much more interesting . 
  check out r/tall . 
  i 'm sure they 'll empathize with you on the jokes . 
  mate , it 's german humor , it ai n't laughing matter . 
  here it seen as the norm , really . 
  so nothing special connected to it . 
  automatic transmission is still pretty rare and generally looked down on as it requires less skill . 
  in all honesty i would take automatic transmission any day of the week , but i 'm an exception , considering i hate cars and driving in general . 
  ahh those trailers are fantastic !, 
  `` there 's your name on the list ! '', 
  `` there 's not my name on it . '', 
  `` there is ! '', 
  well thank you for the details !, 
  what 's this ` murican doin ' here ? 
  / s feel free to add of course . 
  oh yeah , i could n't find it before , now it comes up immediately . 
  strange, 
  well last time did n't go that well . 
  germany sempai was n't too happy at the end, 
  i do n't know this game . 
  where is it from ? 
  sorry but you do n't have a flair, 
  eh the controls are quite bitchy , it 's true . 
  aside from anno , ori and the blind forest is another good one from austria . 
  that is true . 
  out of curiosity , which paradox title ? 
  surprisingly interesting game that one . 
  not even cd project red ? 
  they 're polish, 
  yay ... 
  '' ... to bash the communist in the head ! '', 
  google says that panzer elite action : fields of glory was developed in slovenia . 
  it was one of the first tank fighting games i 've played . 
  well google tells me that ubisoft romania developed tom clancy 's h.a.w.x. 
  and worked on the recent ghost warrior games and watch dogs 2 . 
   gothic 1 +2 , vampire : masqueradebloodlines pretty great taste !, 
  also i agree , i really wish we go back to smaller , but detailed worlds . 
  the problem with vast open games can be easily seen in fallout 4 : big ocean , deep as a puddle . 
  well the first risen game has a lot of the charm that the first gothics had , i really liked it . 
  did n't particularly enjoy the second and third one though . 
  oh yeah the divinity series . 
  very fun rpgs .
