  it 's actually a tabletop game , but it plays like a strategy game . 
  you have a set of miniatures that constitutes your army and battle the army of the adversary , there are a lot of rules that determine how the engagements works and the outcome is decided by dice . 
  [ this is for example a medium size army ] ( http://www.spikeybits.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/space-marines.jpg ), 
  always wanted to try the rpg , but i never found enough interested people . 
   i 'd wager that most people know warhammer as computer games first and foremost . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i myself has played less and less the actual tabletop game but still play the videogames . 
  really ? 
  i though at least a very nebulous idea of its existence was at least common, 
  honestly it is , but that is true for a lot of niche hobbies . 
  this is why you guys in northern europe has such high suicide rates . 
  when i play as venice or italy they always ruin all my plans . 
  wait this is not r/paradoxplaza ... 
  interesting . 
  yeah unfortunately all the movies are based on our terrible work ethics and pompous , ignorant executives which are way too common here . 
  well at least the movies are quite entertaining . 
  wait ... fantozzi is known outside italy ? 
  only if you live in a certain area . 
  you are way too happy of this buddy . 
  i like your style . 
  that is what happens when you are treated as a grumpy child at the table of the peace conference . 
  ( sicilians * btw ), 
  ah do n't worry hm !, 
  interesting . 
  did n't know about baloney . 
  bologna * also mortadella is [ this ] ( http://lorenzovinci.ilgiornale.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/mortadella-bologna-igp-1.jpg ) while bolognese is called rag\u00fa in italy . 
  and it 's not ( exclusively ) from bologna . 
  til . 
  thank you !, 
  [ you slavs sure are a contentious people . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5lyxavka0u ), 
  and it 's pretty good !, 
  we too call it russian salad . 
  also we call roller coasters russian mountains . 
  never understood why . 
  i mean russia is not famous for its tall mountains . 
  well i like the idea if we use instead of intelligence tests , a questionairre about how our political system works . 
  you want to vote because it is your right ? 
  you have to demostrate you know your duties too . 
  / thread, 
  ah ok , it 's similar to how we make fun of germans in our beaches . 
  they come in white as snow , they leave red as a tomatoes . 
  also socks with sandals . 
  no , just no . 
  yeah you 're right in that . 
  [ trust none , not even yourself ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/don-amp-039-t-trust-anyone-not-even-yourself_o_6655947.webp ), 
  if i 'm not mistaken geographically russia is considered europe up to the urals , right ? 
  well italy does not have a pristine track record concerning sexual minorities , still the problem lies largely in older generations rather than the students of today . 
  and the interference of the catholic church . 
  i would suggest nothern europe if you feel your sexuality might become an issue . 
  edit : forgot to say in venice you can have a degree in economics completely in english . 
  the ca ' foscary ( the name of the venetian university ) is rather prestigious . 
  another good option is milan . 
  you 'll have to expand a little here . 
  making publicity for the old colonies i see . 
  i think the main difference is that in the usa patriotism is still strong and does n't have a negative stigma . 
  here in europe , especially in ex fascist countries , any form of patriotism is immediately put down as fascist behaviour . 
  we too had this rule , but pretty much none ever did it so the teacher eventually gave up . 
  well if you want to compare the two slave societies i think the only thing the roman empire had over the us is that race was not a factor , for example the vast majority of slaves in italy were italians , the same in hispania or in anatolia . 
  the slaves that were traded around the empire were the specialized ones , not those destined for mindless labor . 
  aside from that though they are strikingly similar . 
  rome fell mainly because it 's economy was no longer sustainable and witnessed the biggest series of aggressive migrations by barbarian tribes together . 
  if only one of those happened the empire would have probably collapsed anyway , but a strong central state would have survived , just like the eastern empire survived , injured . 
  so really no connection at all !, 
  / s edit : i forgot the / s, 
  well you ca n't really compare them since in roman times slavery was pretty much universal , aside from some nomadic tribes every ancient civilization had in some form or another slaves . 
  that said roman slavery is often inflated . 
  it is estimated slaves were around 10-15 % of the population , with a peak of 30 % in italy where the elite lived . 
  about half of them were employed in the cities in not very prestigious jobs like physicians , barbers , teachers , accountants , etc. 
  ( not prestigious at the time i mean ) . 
  a good portion of these were public slaves , owned by the government . 
  the one employed in the mines were typically the ones enslaved because of crimes they commited and so sentenced to `` damnati in metallum '' ( condemned to the metal ) . 
  and yes those slaves had terrible and short lives , just like the ones employed in farming . 
  the vast majority of farmers and miners though were free men . 
  especially towards the end of the imperial era . 
  in fact the roman empire before collapsing was starting to adopt rather than slavery a system that bound the farmer to the land he worked . 
  that system would be later called serfdom and would be used throughout the middle ages . 
  oh come on we kept the brits and the scots occupied for quite some time !, 
  you can at least recognize that . 
  the romans did not want to conquer scotland , they wanted to pacify the tribes living there to stop them from raiding britannia . 
  pillaging gets rather annoying after a while, 
   tl ; dr : gg wp italians well , to be fair the romans never considered themselves `` italians '' , but rather the descendants of the refugees of troy iirc, 
  ave , comes, 
  [ absolutely barbaric ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/935/573/a14.jpg ), 
  asterix is an amazing comic . 
  thanks for reminding me of its existence . 
  but yeah i imagine it 's not something particularly crucial up north . 
  well aside for germany , they had a lot to do with rome . 
  especially friendly germans that knows `` a shortcut '' through a forest . 
  pretty much at some point they noped out of scotland and built a wall to keep you guys out . 
  i mean the romans were pretty crazy but nowhere near crazy enough to occupy scotland !, 
   damn i am playing eu4 too much , my first thought was wether you were talking about byzantium or the holy roman empire . 
  nothing like a `` remove kebab '' run as the remnants of byzantium . 
  ( to any turks that reads this it 's only a joke , see r/paradoxplaza for ~ ~ indoctrination ~ ~ explanation ), 
   rome had to fall and make possible a world which valued all human beings more equally to be fair the roman empire was going through heavy societal changes when it fell , if it was n't for the barbarian invasions it may have survived , but with a very feudal like structure anyway . 
  yeah !, 
  hispania was one of the first provinces that the republic established , iirc, 
  i read that the belgic tribes were the first to organize and try and oppose the rule of caesar over gallia . 
  i care . 
  is there still some trace in hungary of the roman name pannonia ?
