  well they 're like megamind , they kinda like the supervillain role , but under their rough exterior they care for their european brethren . 
  well to be fair germans do look like super villains . 
  * misunderstood * super villains . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/gods-bankers-financial-scandals-at-the-vatican-2015-2?ir=t ) is a small collection ( trying to find stuff not in italian ) . 
  i am honestly convinced that pope benedict stepped down because after seeing what cesspool of corruption the vatican is he realized he did not have the strength to fight it . 
  pope francis is doing a lot better than i thought , but i doubt even he can clean up the mess . 
  again feel free to take it if you think it 's a worth while investment . 
  do consider though that it likes to influence politics and is happy to use its bank to do the mafia dirty work . 
  i love how much thought and work has gone into this . 
  i am even more oddly proud now . 
  i agree this is a big problem , but the solution is not making employment `` easier '' or shifting even more contractual power in the hands of employers . 
  the solution is to push for workers self management , for cooperatives , where people can freely asociate and organize in a democratic way . 
  traditional businesses did not get us out of the current crisis and will not protect us from the next one . 
  why worker self management ? 
  because they demonstrated empirically of being a better alternative : they are more productive , they have a longer life expenctancy compare to traditional start-ups and provide much better work environments for the workers themselves . 
  suck it britain !, 
  jokes aside i 'm really sorry for you guys if this is actually true . 
  i hope things in the end will fix themselves . 
  not if you eat quickly enough !, 
  [ heresy !, 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/920/168/db7.jpg ), 
  looking at the last picture it seems they put an oven on wheels and made it go all the length of the pizza . 
  i am oddly proud . 
  donations not included , this is purely what the government pays to the church . 
  what you think 4bln euros of taxes is not that much ? 
  and even if it was n't so much what do we get in return ? 
  well this is what we pay . 
  i do n't know what other sources of income they have . 
  they can bring him down to his original role : simply another patriarch, 
  4 billion euros every year more or less . 
  want the pope ? 
  i 'm more than happy to throw him your way , considering how much money we have to pay the vatican . 
   you just insulted the us for being imperialistic  stop whining about feeling like a colony . 
  you 're the weaker state , deal with it  at least we did n't treat you guys like you treated the ethiopians yeah ... do i have to comment further ? 
  and again you keep insulting me and my country , while i simply said imperialistic . 
  it 's hardly a fair comparison , do n't you think ? 
   and please try to deny italy was n't just selling itself out in wwi and ii . 
  the situation was far more complicated than that . 
  also don ; t pretend russia , the uk and france joined the war because it was the right thing to do , they were there to gain territories and wealth as much as germany and austria . 
  oh and ww2 ? 
  you guys and france and uk had 20 years tos top fascist regimes from gaining power , but you did n't . 
  fascists were way to useful to fight against communist movements , not to mention the nice buffer they provided against the soviet union . 
   at least we did n't treat you guys like you treated the ethiopians why thank you master . 
  would you like me to polish your boots ? 
  oh so hostile , did i touch a nerve ? 
  ahahah such ignorance in just a few phrases . 
  you have no clue about my country history and why we joined either war , so do n't spew stupid memes at me preteding they 're the truth . 
  oh and it 's nice from you that you dropped the friendly charade and showed your true imperialistic motifs for remaining here . 
  it 's refreshing . 
  oh ok i 'm sorry : `` thank you big brother us for saving us from the evil nazis ! '', 
  even if the nazi were already defeated by the soviets , even if you never fought against fascism ( spain remained fascist for a long time after all and it was n't the only one either ) but against a powerful economic rival . 
  do n't pretend that your intervention in europe was anything more than a calculated move to gain influence over the continent , i never talked of morality and neither should you . 
   if we were really some kind of international mafia , you guys might actually be spending money to protect your own asses . 
  from us . 
  we do have an army , you know ? 
  and do n't pretend even for a second that the us can successfully invade europe . 
  europe is not under threat from anyone , but we are still full of us troops . 
  i guess they like the scenery . 
  you know the roman empire was pretty good at controlling a lot of dangerous tribes by assisting some of them economically and militarly through a system of client states . 
   it 's ridiculous because you guys are so unwilling to protect yourselves when you have an actual armed mafia much closer . 
  so we need big brother us to protect us from the evil men in the closet ? 
  the fact that your arms industry is more than happy to have troops spread all around the globe to keep selling weapons to your government is surely not a factor . 
  what you think the soviets would have invaded us if there were n't us armed forces here ? 
  they are not bases for our `` protection '' they are bases built to project power over the european continent and the middle east . 
  pretending to not know that the spheres of influence over europe were determined during the peace treaties . 
  pretenting to not know that an actual soviet invasion was more than impossible . 
  those bases were not there to `` protect us '' from the soviets , they were there to project power . 
  oh and even if italy were to become communist ( a fact that your intelligence agency took care of by destroying our communist party ) it would still remained outside soviet influence . 
  neither superpower wanted to change the banace in southern europe . 
  ahah yeah well we are required to consume pasta every week or we loose our italian citizenship . 
  we had troops deployed for years ( and suffered casualties ) . 
  we did not join the invasion itself , but we were there after . 
  yes , our government supported the invasion together with britan , while france and germany opposed it . 
  we did not fight in the invasion itself we had `` peace keeping '' troops deployed in the middle east iirc . 
  yes i was talking about my country too . 
  well in all honesty i would be surprised if our politicians have the guts to go against the us in anything . 
  it 's not like i can decide it and even if a popular vote wanted them out i 'm sure our politicians would find a way to keep them here . 
  yes i was talking of my country as well . 
  i can tune to the radio of the vicenza base from my home . 
  i have to say the netherlands one remains my favorite . 
  i understand we are all part of nato and such , but when one member has active forces and military bases all over your country it 's hard not to feel like a colony . 
  oh i 'm sorry , it 's just that i find myself often discussing here on reddit and so immediately jump into debate mode . 
  that said the west did keep the situation hot . 
  if we let them do their thing we would probably have a pretty normal middle east now . 
  it 's not like they are somehow incapable of progressing to a what we would call westernized democracy . 
  you just have to lokk at the pre war photos . 
  well so what ? 
  the roman empire fell and for centuries europe was a clusterfuck , but today the countries that were under imperial rule are pretty politically stable , are they not ? 
  ( well the western part at least ) and even if they were in a full out civil war when the americans intervened ( in which they were n't ) what justification can be given exactly for military intervention ? 
  would the us have appreaciated a european intervention during their civil war ? 
  or their war against mexico ? 
  and can we stop pretending the west has intervened to keep the peace or some bullshit like that ? 
  it was a cold calculation , with the purpose of preventing the middle east from forming a powerful block able to challenge us egemony and control over international oil flow . 
  oh and the fact the war industries ( both american and european ) profit like crazy from this constant war in the middle east has nothing to do with the all thing right ? 
  oh yeah , i agree , i just wanted to use the actual `` boots on the ground '' chapter of the story , otherwise accusations of `` conspiracy theory '' will be thrown around . 
  oh and 20 years of us interventionism and continuos disruption of all possible political entities in the area ( except for their allies of course , the uae ) has nothing to do with it ? 
  with only one bullet . 
  and a huge supply of booze . 
  this is ... not actually a thing right ? 
  netherlands you are supposed to be the cool guy , the one with the silly politicians is our country !,
