  governments at least in theory are held accountable to their electors , private companies are not . 
  what does identity politics have anything to do with this ? 
  nice to see an institution that take its work seriously . 
  i never understood how people are so fervent on keeping the government out of their personal lives , but are perfectly happy to allow private companies to literally steal and sell their personal data . 
  ahhhh so mature . 
  go back to england and stay there thank you . 
  you wo n't bother replying to what i wrote anyway . 
  of course they happen organically , there 's no conspiracy . 
  it does n't mean there is no action towards the goal i mentioned . 
  closed doors , secrecy , censorship , control of the media ... what are these if not ways to keep the elctorate ignorant ? 
  of course there is no organized plan behind it , but they are all actions undertaken nonetheless by our politicians , because it is in their interest to do so . 
  i 'm not directly blaming them , they 're doing what is required from them to keep their jobs , i 'm blaming our system and so indirectly everyone that support such system . 
   it 's a new system , and it would be foolish to start using it for something as important as running a country without trialling and fine tuning it somewhere first so what ? 
  i do n't see your point . 
   look at reddit or any online forums , they get pretty messed up . 
  do remind me how reddit is a direct democracy . 
  last time i checked the odreator team is appointed by the top moderator and the users have no say whatsoever over their actions . 
  no accountability at all if not to the admins , which are as well appointed and not elected . 
   now imagine applying that to your health system , defence , etc. 
  we would end up with no vaccination , death sentence , torture , no art , tits on every tv and newspaper well of course everyone would vote to remove healthcare and education . 
  in what world you live in ? 
  please . 
  you think this is what would happen because that 's what we were taught from our earlier days . 
  the poor ignorant simple human can not take care of himself , it needs an authority to guide him otherwise he would be dead within a week . 
  you really think we can not democratically organize ? 
  i guess cooperatives are not a think then . 
   mind you , you got that already in italy ...  it 's all in your head ahaha fuck you . 
  just because the messenger is an idiot , does n't mean the message has no value . 
  of course in our current indirect governance system our rulers have all the interest in keeping the electorate ignorant and passive , so if you switch without preparation to a direct democracy system what you 'll have is a bunch of clueless people trying to understand things for the first time . 
  we are not equipped now to face direct democracy because we were never taught how to begin with . 
  it seems a banal thing , but to jump from a hierarchical structure to a egalitarian one is extremely difficult without well educated participants . 
  so no , i 'm not put off , i 'm hopeful . 
  and please stop using this condescending tone . 
  i perfectly know how it works , thank you . 
  i was giving my opinion . 
  and no , i do n't think the parliament should vote in as many governments as possible , every step further from direct democracy is a step in the wrong direction in my opinion . 
  when i say unelected governments i do n't mean that we did not vote them , i mean that they are no longer what the current parliament was voted in for . 
  you ca n't pretend that parliament and government are seen as separate beings by the electorate . 
  and for the record i am personally for digital direct democracy , but i do n't have a choice have i now ? 
  monti 's policies are yet another examples of failed austerity measures . 
  he kept the eu happy and the country in blissful ignorance . 
  not that later governments were a lot better . 
  i do n't agree . 
  if the government looses the control of the parliament then new elections are necessary . 
  the government was elected by the very same parliament that made it fall after all , that to me is sign that they are no longer representing the electorate . 
  is it really a healthy procedure to keep generating governments until the end of the 5 years of mandate ? 
  in isolated cases it may be a good idea , but not more than once per mandate . 
  yes technically speaking , but the usual procedure when a government fails to maintain control of the parliament is to have new elections . 
  nothing against the law has been done , but one has to wonder how many governments you have to go through before it no longer resembles what the citizens voted for . 
  ahh do n't worry this third time in a row unelected government will keep running at least until the next year , so that they may receive the life long benefits waiting for them . 
  and even if we have elections right now who should i vote for ? 
  the pd ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  the m5s ? 
  already tried , turns out they 're a bunch of incompetent buffoons . 
  the northern league ? 
  they 're so useless it 's not even funny . 
  berlusconi ? 
  you 'll have to force me . 
  i 'm not asking for the perfect party , just one half decent at its job , but if things keep going like this europe will find itself flooded with a new wave of economic refugees . 
  of course it can . 
  modern advertising after all has its roots in political propaganda of the 20 ^ th century . 
  for the same reason though it can do the opposite as well . 
  ted malloch : `` i do n't like the eu '' eu : `` k bai '', 
  that is an unfortunate truth . 
  the nazi were a perfect buffer between the west and the soviet union , no wonder none stopped them when they rose to power . 
  oh if you 're worried about that a lot of our wines are little more than dirty water , so do n't worry ( and do n't tell the americans , i wo n't if you do n't ), 
  we already stole their `` biggest wine exporter '' title . 
  do you even pasta ? 
  i 'm willing to bet the russian guy is right on this . 
  common army , common police force/security forces , common fiscal policy or at least a european level coordination on it . 
  up to a point though , but i would rather say profit is the problem . 
  innovation tied to profit is a hindrance in many areas rather than being beneficial . 
  do ... do i need to worry ? 
  could have been worse . 
  the patch they applied in 1929 ? 
  now that was some fucked up code . 
  i 'm willing to bet you ca n't even give me a definition for `` socialism '', 
  well if you want to be trusted you can start by broadcasting every meeting and session of the european parliament and council . 
  another pretty good thing would be to make all documents avaible to every eu citizen , in particular trade deals . 
  oh yeah sorry : `` it ca n't be done . 
  some things have to remain secret . 
  you do n't need to know what remains secret , my faithful citizen !, 
  oh and by the way we are tracing your every move online , that way you know you can trust us ! '', 
  i love you too my venetian brethren , but this is already the second time i get nuked in one of these videos . 
  pfft , you just need to put some plastics in the paper garbage bin and you 're done . 
  incidentally this sounds like the beliefs the generals had at the beginning of the first world war . 
  `` with all this new technology the war will be brief ! '', 
  oh fuck our political elite , bunch of spineless incompetent buffoons . 
  `` but it will potentially , maybe , one day , not really , perhaps , bring some positive changes to ~ ~ our pockets ~ ~ the economy '' yes just like the last twenty years . 
   that year 's preparation potentially includes a revival of the german war machine . 
  yeah really we do n't need to worry about outside invasions . 
  if things get dicey we just need to poke germany with a stick until it gets angry . 
  oh sure the famous missile batteries that can take down factories in england from moscow . 
  too bad that what ww2 also demostrated is that you can not take down a country by simply disabling its industry . 
  germany was bombarded for years but it still took millions of men to finally take down the nazis . 
  and do n't tell me germany was not bombarded enough to have a significant effect . 
  [ triggered intensifies ], 
  all negative opinions are alternative invasions !, 
  exactly !,
