  interestingly south tyrol was added only because the italian high command thought defending trent would have been impossible without it . 
  it may be that i am simply not aware of then but there are not big popular movements in the region to go back to austria however . 
  considering they have special laws that allows the region to keep most of the taxes they raise . 
  no problem !, 
  and sorry for the typos ... 
  well not exactly . 
  mussolini never had the control hitled had in germany . 
  in italy the king remained a powerful figure , as well as the church , mussolini had to constantly balance the situation in order not to loose the support of them . 
  i think this is the main reason italy started ww2 so poorly prepared . 
  hitler had the power to shape up germany , mussolini did not . 
  oh yeah , but that was true for a lot of monarchies . 
  ww1 was the last struggle of the old aristocracy to remain relevant in an increasingly industralized world . 
   the only thing it ended up forging was a movement of resentful ex-soldiers that would topple that same elite . 
  that is not actually completely correct . 
  the fascist movement was supported by the italian elite . 
  mussolini did not seize power with force ( though he staged his coup as such with the march on rome ) , but was handed to him by the king . 
  after ww2 our royal family was exiled for this . 
  what brought the fascist to power was the period dubbed `` the red biennium '' in which the very same anarcho syndacalist movement i mentioned in the post managed to take control of large part of the italian industry for two years . 
  italy came very close to be a communist country , the elite used the growing fascist movement to fight back . 
  so as much as history would say otherwise , the fascist did not seize power , they were the instrument the elite used to destroy the communist movement in italy ( and similarly , though with some big differences , in germany ), 
  i actually agree . 
  the austro-hungarian empire was not as bad as we were taught . 
  oh come on you would take w\u00fcrstels over pizza ? 
  not as much as you think . 
  germany had a coal surplus in the beginning of the war and italy had actually a lower food dependancy compared to austria and germany . 
  the economy would probably kept going for at least a year and a half of war before having some serious crashes . 
  also with the italian navy the position of the central powers in the mediterranean would have been much stronger , so the blockade against austra and germany would have been much weaker . 
  now i really want a rap battle of history with these two . 
  i would be a big fan of hetalia if it had n't such a yaoi infested community ( though it 's hard not to like germany x italy ) . 
  edit : i probably ruined my reputation with this comment . 
  that would not be the greatest effect in my opinion . 
  the italian fleet togheter with the austrian one ( and maybe the ottoman one as well , but unlikely as it was tied down by the russians ) would have been a sizable force able to threaten the mediterranean control . 
  this would mean the allied fleet would have been split and the blockade against germany would have been much weaker , if not outright broken . 
  another thing is other pro central powers countries would have joined the war on that side with italy on board , specifically sweden , greece and romania remained on the fence for a long time , having a very pro germany elite . 
  these three countries joining the central powers would have meant a very early russian collapse , not tuo mention a very hostile mediterranean for the allies . 
  well thank you !, 
  i do n't mind to be called opportunistic , what irks me is that saying we joined because of opportunistic reasons implies the rest of the countries joined the war because of their moral standing or ideological duty , which was absolutely not the case . 
  ww1 had the old world imperialism at its heart . 
  there would be other effects in my opinion : the regia marina combined with the austrian navy would have been a sizable force able to project power in the mediterranean . 
  this would mean the french-british navy would be divided between the north sea and the mediterranean . 
  the blockade against the central powers would not have been nearly as complete as in our history , not to mention russia would have been even more isolated . 
  another important point would be the cascade effect of italy on other neutrals : a central powers aligned italy may have pushed greece as well in the central powers , not to mention romania and sweden , which had all very pro german rulers . 
  also the french-italian front would have been half the length of the austrian one and less protected ( close to the sea and less fortifications were ready compared to the austrian front ) so less italian troops would have to be employed for a sufficient defense , troops that could have been employed in invading egypt together with the ottomans or bringing russia to its knees months in advance . 
  if you imagine being in 1914 would you prefer croatia being part of austria or italy ? 
  just wanted to say i know it seems i am being over critical of austria in the post , but i really was n't trying to be . 
  please my austrian friends do n't get offended ( but you did have clay ) . 
  on one hand he is not wrong , our governments are all too happy to say it 's brussels fault . 
  on the other as u/spirit _ inc said there is little accountabilty on their work , so it 's hard to emphatize with them . 
  again xenophobic in the sense they did not like a culture , not a race . 
  as soon as these people acted like true romans they were accepted . 
  how many non-italian emperors we had ? 
  how many tribes integrated themselves in roman society ? 
  i do n't get the downvotes ... 
  if i said something wrong discuss it , i 'm here . 
  r/thatsubredditthatwhinesaboutwhitegenocidethatiwillnotlinksincetheydon ` tdeservetheattention , is that you ? 
  birth rates are falling all over the world . 
  africa went from 5-6 children to 3-4 for woman in just twenty years . 
  we notice it here because we were already close to the sustenance level . 
  also we are not loosing the european race ... race is a ridicolous construct build in the last few centuries of our history . 
  in ancient rome racism was non existent , africans were as valued as italians . 
  the difference that mattered was culture . 
  if you spoke latin , knew the roman law and acted accordingly none cared about your skin . 
  in ancient greece as well . 
  barbarian is not a derogatory term against the tribes living in north europe , it originally meant someone that could not speak greek . 
  now if you come here and say we are loosing our culture then you 'll find in me a worried listener . 
  if you come here to talk about how we are not having enough blond children that 's the door . 
  and here again you can see the influence of the church and the fascist regi ... ehi !, 
  we 're not that bad !, 
  well this is what tacitus says about germania :  then , besides the danger of a boisterous and unknown sea , who would relinquish asia , africa , or italy , for germany , a land rude in its surface , rigorous in its climate , cheerless to every beholder and cultivator , except a native ? 
  which in the asterix comics means `` sono pazzi questi romani '' ( these romans are crazy ) . 
  mare internum was another less often used name . 
  i like to think we helped !, 
  in our unique way ... 
  they sound like really nice people !, 
  we should totally give our money to them !, 
  thanks for the info . 
  i was not aware of this . 
  well at least you guys are somewhat justified . 
  we instead did not even had our economy destroyed and it 's still going as well as our colonial conquest of ethiopia . 
  ehh not really . 
  he is a marxist philosopher , but he likes to criticize pretty much anything , even his own political philosophy . 
  i really like him , especially since he criticized the identity politics running rampant in the left . 
  this, 
  i love thisch guy . 
  ( i 'm sorry , i had to ), 
  nature , we get it , you 're pissed off with us , but can we turn down a notch the natural disasters thing ? 
  you 're being sarcastic , right ? 
  & nbsp ; right ? 
  look at that sweet orange !, 
  spain stop making us look bad !, 
  oh great idea !, 
  let 's establish a privately owned police force . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  i 'm on the phone now and my autocorrect clashes with the english language . 
  make me !, 
  ehi i ai n't gon na let any sparkly star child tell me what to do, 
  well ... they did cooperate with other fascist parties, 
  wait is n't rain the natural state of london ? 
  you forgot `` rush b '', 
  considering their political affiliation i imagine it would be called whitejack !,
