  i want to make a point on my contry . 
  we are really bad at this , i 'm really disappointed but it is also true that we italians value over everything else how someone behaves in our society . 
  we are pretty transparent to skin color , but if you start behaving dirsuptively towards our traditions or social standards our opionion of you will crumble . 
  that 's probably why roma have accumulated so much hate here in italy , they 're the worst offender in this . 
  does n't explain why so much hate for the jews honestly . 
  the muslim mafia is gon na get ya !, 
  i feel like it 's more of an ocd thing . 
  they see an inefficient country and feel the irrepressible urge to fix it . 
  by conquering it . 
  well the last time the government had some stabilty we had a certain politician with a colorful background and a passion for frisky parties . 
  no , thank you . 
  the fact is ... deep down we like it . 
  i mean look at germany , we would be dead bored of merkel , we need some variety . 
  southern europeans master race, 
  ohhhhhhhhh !, 
  m5s is the right acronym, 
  ahahah thank you , i needed a good laugh, 
  username checks out, 
  the chamber of deputies is the more dynamic of the two . 
  for example you can vote for it at 18 years old , while the senate requires 21 . 
  also here are several unelected permanent senators , like all ex presidents and some people that receives the seat from the prime ministers . 
  ok , i though all international treaties had to be reconfirmed every so often . 
  i any case the government has the last and only say in international politics , so i am pretty sure they can leave the euro/europe . 
  no referendum anyway , on that u/avengerdr is right . 
  our constitution prevents that . 
  the government can simply let the current agreements expire and refuse to sign new ones . 
  i think . 
  even if he does n't resign there is the possibilty of an early election . 
  if there is enough support the president can force an early election against the current prime minister . 
  this is if he looses . 
  it 's still possible even with the yes winning , but nuch , much lower . 
  you mean he is an escaped bot from r/subredditsimulator ? 
  we live in a post truth world after all . 
  - nothing is true anymore . 
  - all conspiracy theories are not true . 
  therefore all conspiracy theories are true . 
  at the same time . 
  well , you know ... contrary to communism fascism is a pretty real threat that almost swallowed the whole western civilization . 
  so you 're saying that all of europe except for the krauts are patriarchal countries ? 
  pfft , you 're just jealous that baguette gets all the glory . 
  ... me too, 
  the savoia . 
  they originally controlled a small duchy in the south of france , near the obrder with italy . 
  they managed to gain control of piedmont and in exchange for their original duchy secured the help of france against austria-hungary which at the time controlled lombardy and the venetian region . 
  then they proceeded to conquer the south that was controlled by another noble house , the borbouns , which had family ties to aragon ( spain ) . 
  thus uniting italy . 
  well only after some problems with rome and the papal state . 
  they were then exiled from italy after world war 2 because of their involvement with the fascist regime . 
  they were pardoned only recently and their descendants allowed to come back . 
  if you 're curious it 's because blue was the color of our royal family . 
  oh , for us instead we have compulsory latin and even compulsory greek depending on the school . 
  after high school we can decide to go to `` scientific '' high school that has compulsory latin and `` classical '' high school that has also compulsory ancient greek classes . 
  thirteen years is a lot . 
  was he planning to go back to happier times ? 
  damn it , could n't you pretend it was true for a minute . 
  i was feeling better !, 
  tremble europe !, 
  rome will rise again !, 
  third time 's the charm they say ... 
  well my favorite remains `` i vitelli dei romani sono belli '' which in latin means : `` go oh vitellius at the sound of the roman god of war '' and in italian : `` the calves of the romans are beautiful '', 
  you 'll make me blush !, 
  oh come on it 's just some banter between latin brothers . 
  well in middle school we have to learn at least two foreign languages and in high school at least one , often two , so no i do n't think they 're counting greek and latin . 
  here in italy gymnasium is an old term for high school , now it 's not really used much . 
  oh i always thought only us were forced to learn latin . 
  good to know other europeans had to suffer those classes . 
  i do n't know , it sounds polish . 
  do n't give them ideas ... 
  true , but even a little more censorship is bad . 
  and it opens up the door for more extreme laws, 
  interesting , similar to how we call germany `` germania '' which is the latin name and the germans `` tedeschi '' which come from old german, 
  at least yours make sense . 
  and does n't sound like the title of a soft porn movie, 
  i 'm not sure but i think this guy is being sarcastic . 
  ahah i 'm sorry , i do n't know why but you made me remember an ancient video , [ the angry german kid ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbcctwbc8q0 ) . 
  i , for one , welcome our new european overlords . 
  jokes aside i honestly would give up the sovereignty of my country if it meant having an economy not constantly on the brink of collapse . 
  and so the vicious cycle of r/europe continues, 
  it 's like i 'm wearing nothing at all !, 
  was n't trentino , veneto and friuli under austrian control back then ? 
  ehi overrated coming from france is a huge compliment . 
  they not only admit that it is edible but even good ( just not as good ), 
  [ hardbass internally ], 
  yes the game is heavily inspired by the movie , though they do not have a lot in common aside from the atmosphere the games are very good , even if riddled with bugs , i reccomend them . 
  the story is that in chernobyl after the reactor explosion the exclusion zone was used by the soviet union for top secret research , that would eventually lead to a second explosion in 2006 . 
  the `` zone '' then was locked off by the military to contain the unexplained and strange phenomenons , mutations and anomalies happening around the nuclear plant . 
  the s.t.a.l.k.e.r.s are people that adventures in the zone in search of richies , often finding only their untimely deaths . 
  ( s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  stands for scavenger , trader , adventurer , loner , killer , explorer , robber ) oh if you 're curious about the quote from u/afghan _ dan in the first stalker game an npc was set to repeat that phrase every time the protagonist passed by , but the guy was in a place where the player would often find himself so you would hear time and time again this guy shouting at you to get out . 
  it quickly became an inside joke in the community . 
  eh , you 're right . 
  well at least he is n't linked to the mafia or suspicious private parties . 
  ... yet, 
  yes the club for nations with embarrasing public figures . 
  here 's your badge , ` murica . 
  oh , i thought the romanian company thing was debunked . 
  amen brother, 
  well i was talking about berlusconi , which did not really contributed in a positive way to our image, 
  ehi , welcome to the club ... we had decades of ridicule for our prime ministers . 
  oh the sleepless nights busy thinking if that screw was important .
