   without those loans , frankly i would not have been able to attend university you know education can be made free or very near so , you said it yourself , so you know you were made to arbitrarily pay so much just to let other people earn money for themselves over your sholders . 
  i mean i pay arond 1800 yearly to my university and our economy is a lot more battered than the uk . 
  ( i 'm not implying 1800 is a fairer sum , just giving a reference . ), 
  you did not attend university thanks to those loans , but despite of them . 
  my issue is not that we pay too much , the issue is that we are letting people earn far more than a human would ever need by sitting on their ass all day , leeching off the people that `` owe '' them their due . 
  how is this different from a feudal lord stealing from the serf ? 
  and the joke is ? 
  if you ever get into financial trouble then it 's your personal failure , you are stupid , useless , lazy and do n't deserve to live a decent life . 
  if some of these people get into trouble it 's the economy going badly , the government better help these poor souls , they would actually have to work for a living . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't mean to be aggressive . 
  it 's just a topic i feel quite strongly about . 
  well , through interest the student may be obliged to repay its debt many times over . 
  they may not be able to modify the monthly cost , but they wo n't ever stop getting their cut off the work of somebody else earnings . 
  and this is my main issue . 
  i strongly believe everything we earn should come from our work . 
  none should be able to make money out of money , because that means he/she is stealing wealth from someone that actually worked to create that extra money , while the `` investor '' never even stepped into the factory or the office , etc. 
   im 35 and i 'm still paying off my damn loans even with a good job for the last 10 years . 
  so you 're doing tangible work . 
  bringing forward the company you work for , while someone else , someone you never even meet in person is taking money out of your pocket . 
  do n't you feel a bit cheated ? 
  what i think is in the end , no matter how many sweet lies we build over this , someone somewhere is being robbed of the products of his labour . 
  `` but they contribute to the economy !, 
  none of you fools would have jobs otherwise ! '', 
  please tell me again how banks somehow make food grow , how the stock exchange fixes the roads , how investors cure diseases and research new technologies , how the board of directors personally create the products needed by society ? 
  who is actually contributing to the economy here exactly ? 
  just wanted to say you have a great username , sir !, 
  i do n't know , but selling students debts really irks me . 
  i find the fact that student debts exist is wrong , but to even let private investors buy them and let them exploit the students in question for decades ... 
  i do n't know ... well to be honest all finance to me appears to be a huge exploitative legal crime able to siphon an embarrassing amount of money out of people actually working for their wages . 
   that joke about italy was great germany senpai noticed us !, 
  it 's more about the fact that we like to shit on our country . 
  also we do n't have any strong bromance/rivalry like france/germany or spain/portugal . 
  after all [ italy does not trust even itself ] ( http://new1.fjcdn.com/pictures/don+t+trust+italy_1c8bce_5446067.png ), 
  they were too busy to gather the data . 
  yes but as much as our army is the joke of the western powers , i do n't think austria can win . 
  iirc the constitution does not prohibit regions to leave the country . 
  that said the government can always say no . 
  yes , but it 's also true that every time some left leaning government does something wrong or their economy goes down for whatever reason then immediately it 's proclaimed everything leftist is completely wrong and against human nature and can not possibly work . 
  if instead a right leaning government brings their country to bakruptcy or commits crimes against humanity , no political ideology is accused of being invalid , it 's just a bunch of incompetents or psychopaths . 
  the hammer and sickle is not a copyright of the soviet union you know ? 
  it does not represent a country , but an ideology . 
  the same thing for the red flag or the raised fist . 
  if you actually talk to these people you 'll find it 's pretty hard to find someone pro-soviet . 
  they exist i 'm not denying it , but they 're a small minority . 
  just like fascist sympathizers exists in the right , but i do n't see people screaming `` nazi ! '', 
  to every conservative minded person that protests in the streets . 
  oh yeah , it 's totally the fault of the electorate that the left does not exist any longer . 
  not the 50 years of propaganda from the right comparing any type of leftist thought to the soviet union . 
  we really need a strong left again and i mean a true far left party big enough to be a menace . 
  something these clowns would be actually scared of , otherwise there is no solution to this . 
  we 're better that the rest of italy !, 
  must be the influence of the austro-hungarian empire still lingering here . 
  oh i just took the budget contribution and divided it between the population of the two countries . 
  i 'm gon na take a look at that document , by the way . 
  well it is true that the uk did receive less back from the eu compared to some , but not germany . 
  the uk got ~ 50 % of its contribution back , germany ~ 40 % , france 60 % and italy ~ 70 % . 
  honestly i do n't really see how could they say uk paid more per capita . 
  germans paid 0.30 $ per capita , while the uk paid 0.16 $ . 
  i may be getting my math wrong , i do n't know . 
  pretty incredible that they 're still there after a century . 
  i actually discovered not long ago that there is a zone in france that saw so much fighting it is forbidden to enter it because of the danger of unexploded devices ( not to mention the heavy metall pollution and possible chemical weapons ) . 
  the [ zone rouge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zone_rouge ), 
  ( we need a `` fuck yeah , ` murica '' . 
  it 's not right that the ex-colonies have all the cool catch phrases ), 
  with those colors that bunker seems almost welcoming . 
  if by bigger impact you mean mountains shortened down by the constant bombardment , yes . 
  found just laying around two unexploded bullets ( with still the casing and powder ) . 
  one austrian and one italian ( obviously the rusted one was the italian , figures ... ), 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#funding_by_member_states ) we paid more to the eu than the uk . 
  in return the eu spent more on us compared to them , but our economy is also much smaller . 
  play of the game : germany !, 
  [ loud epic soundtrack in the background ], 
  ahah that 's awesome !, 
  it reminds me of that german guy that kept a panther tank and used it to amuse its town . 
  the stuff i find are from the first world war though , not the second , they 're a century old . 
  beaten ya !, 
  ( not really , i want a missile now ... ), 
  not that big . 
  the uk was giving less than us as far as eu budget is concerned . 
  well we had two the last century . 
  can we use the last one for this century and call it a day ? 
  i mean i still find unexploded bullets and bomb sharpnels when i take a walk in our mountains ... 
  it has to count for something right ? 
  can we fight the next world war not in europe , please ? 
  it 's not that i do n't want it here , but there are other places that want to shine . 
   is that what your quote means ? 
  also yes . 
  what i meant to say is that it was the european aristocracy that first wanted the war and also its most strong supporter . 
  the aristocracy intended as the medieval noble was already under assault since the french revolution , but it was during ww1 that it definitely died . 
  after the war all defeated countries and some of the winning ones lost their monarchs and became full republics , while the surviving crowns were stripped of most of their power . 
  ww1 was not however the cause , it was merely the catalyst . 
  as you said in fact it was the profound social changes that swept through europe that robbed the aristocracy of their influence . 
  the war was the last effort of the elite to regain that lost power and prestige . 
   are you saying that , even if he had been given time until 1942 to get ready , italy would still have been unprepared ? 
  honestly i 'm not sure . 
  i think yes , we would have been rather unprepared . 
  there simply was n't the willingness to transform society in a fascist hierarchy like in germany . 
  hitler as well had a lot of internal infighting , but nowhere near as much as mussolini had to face every day to stay in power . 
  i think that if mussolini managed to eliminate every political adversary and somehow diminish the influence of the crown and the church he would have been able to shape italy into a decently prepared country . 
  on the other hand the fact he did not do that meant we were spared the harsh rule of an absolute authoritarian regime like the nazi had , which is rather nice .
