  well russia had a higher gpd , higher standard of living and higher life expectancy under the communist regime , while china is the biggest economy of the world after the us . 
  well as a socialist universal basic income puts me in an uncomfortable position . 
  on one hand it 's a last ditch effort to fix a fundamentally broken system and keep the boat floating a little bit longer . 
  in exchange though it gives even more power than what the mega corporations have now , as the governments would be even more starved for money and with even less control on the economy . 
  on the other hand it would lessen the suffering of a lot of people by providing a minimum standard of living . 
  furthermore it would give disenfranchised minds the time and peace to reflect on the current world situation and come to conclusions less clouded by propaganda and half truths that we have no time to research and confirm because of our busy lives . 
  no mutual accountability has little to do with the judiciary system . 
  we are speaking of balance of power , not respect of the law . 
  and no , someone does not automatically becomes a lawbreaker if he/she attacks a police officer . 
  the basis of democracy is not trust , especially not in the judiciary system . 
  the basis of democracy is mutual accountability . 
  behaving like mongol hordes has a time and a place if the situation requires it . 
  when i see a title like this i always ask myself why are they hiding civilian injuries . 
  ask yourself the same . 
  oh sure we all know strongly worded letters really do get the gears spinning . 
  especially when law enforcement is concerned . 
  and the fact that it was an official police arrest means i should not sympathize with whoever chose to intervene ? 
  ehi this fucking disgrace is over !, 
  right ? 
  maybe ... not really ... 
  it 's classified . 
  how many civilians injured instead ? 
   it does n't negate the fact that these exact policies have caused a steady decline in poverty and hunger in these countries pretty easy to show a steady decline in hunger and poverty when you are controlling the definitiosn fo the terms . 
   we 're talking about direct benefit to individual families in terms of their quality of life and prospects for the future which are objectively measureable things . 
  how exactly do you define these benefits and prospects ? 
  how can you show me they are better off because of neo liberalism ? 
   `` sweatshops '' are indeed a step up over sustenance labor . 
  ok let me approach this from another angle . 
  if sweatshops are good for the people they exploit you are at least a little concerned of their well being , correct ? 
  then would you be fine if they tried to make their lives better , even at the cost of cutting into the profits of their owners ? 
  in other words would you it be fine for them to organize in unions or indipendent , workers run sweatshops ? 
  because in reality attempts of doing so are violently stopped or suppressed by exploiting harder the rest to starve the protestors . 
  even if we say sweatshops are better than the absence of them , they create a nearly impenetrable wall around the lives of those that find themselves relegated into one . 
  sweatshops may have made their lives a bit better , but at the cost of any further development . 
  if instead we were serious about the development of other nations and not interested only in exploiting their workforce we would actually provide technology and training , not a job with no future . 
  as i said in another comment , in the roman empire there were a lot of slaves that had a better life than free peasants , is this a valid argument for slavery ? 
  because it is eerily similar to the one you proposed . 
   what you described is not zero-sum , you only described the fact that there is an uneven distribution of profit - which was never disputed to begin with . 
  i did not really explain myself well there . 
  what i meant to say was there is little to brag about the fact `` the economy is not zero sum '' if the result is determined by something that is very objectively a zero sum game . 
  yes the economy may not be a zero sum game , but if this growth of absolute wealth is then distributed with patterns that closely follow the pre existing material conditions , it really looses its meaning . 
  the point was there is little to brag about the fact `` the economy is not zero sum '' if the result is determined by something that is very objectively a zero sum game . 
  yes the economy may not be a zero sum game , but if this growth of absolute wealth is then distributed with patterns that closely follow the pre existing material conditions , it really looses its meaning . 
  so i see we 're not gon na trust each other to provide reliable data , so i 'll approach the problem from another angle : and yet we produce way more food than it 's necessary , 20 % more than what would be needed to feed everyone . 
  makes you wonder why are we not distributing that food to everyone , right ? 
  if we have enough , why are we not eliminating hunger faster ? 
   how do you know what you think you know ? 
  i found myself on the left side of things for all my life , i only recently began reading about leftist political theory . 
  but i guess you 'll say this is because i was brainwashed all my life . 
  somehow . 
  by my very centre right leaning government . 
   let 's look at the numbers . 
  what numbers ? 
  do n't appeal emptly to data to makes it sounds like you 're the `` logical '' one . 
  we have a brain as well , thank you . 
   what is most important , everyone being equally wealthy even if it means everyone is kind of poor , or everyone getting richer even if some are more rich than others ? 
  if you 'll allow me i 'll make a small `` ideological rant '' . 
  you see this question is extremely loaded . 
  it is very intellectually dishonest to frame thing this way , but fine . 
  this is essentially the famous argument thatcher used and implies the other side is somehow jealous of the wealth neo liberal minded people are making . 
  this is nothing else but trying to move the goalpost of the conversation . 
  the point is that wealth is being created through exploitation , not that someone is getting richer than the others . 
  of course you 'll try to say everyone is better off , but again this is not the point . 
  of course un the roman empire there were slaves that had far better lives than `` free '' farmers , but you would n't advocate for slavery by saying it has the potential of making people lives better . 
  not to mention the fact that this argument is really meaningless to a socialist . 
  poor and rich are meaningless in a socialist society , where the means of production are shared and employed for the community . 
  it 's really an argument against social democracy . 
  it 's easy to say you lifted people out of poverty when you [ keep moving the definition of poverty ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2014/08/exposing-great-poverty-reductio-201481211590729809.html ) also i do n't remember saying anything about knowing better than `` the people '' i just tried to say ( pretty badly i 'll admit , i was pretty tired ) that there is in truth little neo liberalism has done or is doing to bring humanity forward . 
  you just won the `` shilling way too hard '' award of the year . 
   consistent decline in global poverty and hunger , oh god my sides !, 
  let me explain what actually happens , we start with : - self-sufficient village ( people are n't rich but are n't all dying ) . 
  people are living off the land generally , and then maybe do trade ( at port cities and stuff ) but are n't 100 % reliant on it to live , only partially . 
  and they own what they produce ( i.e. 
  the crops they grow are n't immediately sold for money , they can use it directly to feed themselves ) - large company comes to village , installs sweatshops , brings outside wealth and resources to village - large corporation provides greater `` riches '' ( note : not related to survival , this is extra riches , wealth accumulation bigger house , etc ) than farming or anything else - provides instability in capital , everyone moves to sweatshops to work because there 's more money in it , the farming they do is exported ( sold for capital/money ) and not used to feed themselves . 
  essentially everything is given an international market price , including their farming ane their food , and then farming/self-sufficiency becomes `` less valuable '' than sweatshop labor - all costs , shelter , resources , and food are now being negotiated in the terms of the oligarchs that own/control the sweatshops ( because that 's where `` the money '' , or rather , the power is coming from ) - people fall into debt to rich people when trying to industrialize , build houses , etc. 
  this makes them less self sufficient and forces them to sell their crops and means of production - town is now dependent on sweatshops and is successfully controlled by people who do n't even live there - profit  those above them have been elevated into the growing middle class in those countries - which in turn has also led to gradual moderation of authoritarian governance in many countries as well . 
  oh nice thing bringing people into the middle class . 
  they surely are treated better than poor people ( are they people ? 
  should ask wall street ) . 
  surely they do n't die because they lack medical insurance or low levels of education , racial segregation , low social support , individual-level poverty , income inequality , and area-level poverty '' ( [ sources ] ( https://www.mailman.columbia.edu/public-health-now/news/how-many-us-deaths-are-caused-poverty-lack-education-and-other-social-factors ) ) . 
  so that 's about 2 million people every 10 years in the us alone . 
  nice !, 
   economy is not a zero sum game , and rich people getting more money does n't mean everybody else has to become poorer as a result . 
  oh i 'm dying send help , please !, 
  this is great !, 
  the economy is in fact a zero-sum game at any given moment , because there 's a finite amount of wealth in the world . 
  of course , you can create more wealth , and you probably claim this is why it 's not zero-sum . 
  but to create wealth , you require access to the means of production . 
  if you do n't own the means of production , you 'll have to tithe some portion of the wealth you create to the person who does . 
  conversely , a person who does own the means of production can accumulate large amounts of wealth that other people create . 
  so whenever new wealth is created in society , the way it 's distributed is determined by the current distribution of wealth , which is zero-sum . 
  well actually [ they do ] ( https://creators.vice.com/en_us/article/do-all-roads-lead-to-rome-the-answer-is-surprisingly-beautiful ), 
  only because our kind overlords do not give us the option . 
  abstentionism seems more everyday the only sane choice . 
   i 'm not implying revolutions can only be negative , but i am stating that no matter the outcome , revolutions are unpleasant to live through , and that should be something people think about before cheering for a revolution . 
  i agree , but that is not what you were trying to convey before . 
  also this does not mean a large part of the population is not willing to go through it anyway . 
  plenty of bourgeoisie in france lived pretty well under the monarchy , but they still participated . 
   i 'm a minority , and minorities always get the shit end of the stick whenever there 's a revolution . 
  give me examples of this .
