   most of the soldiers in the russian revolution were n't bolsheviks oh i did n't mean to imply that . 
  i was just saying that given the opportunity a good chunck of them went with the revolution . 
  other than this i agree with you . 
  you said it a lot more eloquently than i could have . 
  as the other sid it 's mainly three regions that practice blasphemies daily : tuscany , veneto and friuli-venezia . 
  the rest of italy considers us pretty vulgar for doing so . 
   a coup is impossible with the size of the us army unless they refuse to stop it . 
  soldiers have opinions too . 
  in russia a large part of the army joined the bolsheviks in overthowing the tzar . 
  i think trump is simply the product of the reactionary wave that is going through the whole western world . 
  it 's a symptom of an economy that does no longer work for a lot of people and the traditional parties failed to solve in any meaningful way . 
  how fucked ? 
  it depends on how the economy will go in the next years . 
  i honestly think we are near the next big crisis and i think this one will be bigger than the 2008 one . 
  a positive effect trump may have on the us is the rebirth of a socialist party . 
  even if you are not personally a socialist having a strong far left will put the other parties in a dangerous position , forcing them to actually do their job and help every us citizen . 
  i feel there is a shift towards extremes . 
  i see a lot more fascists and communists between my peers compared to my parents and grand parents . 
  i 'm afraid the 20 ^ th century has left some surprises for us, 
  well to put it simply , the alps were the big problem . 
  ww1 already showed what an amazing obstacle the alps could be . 
  the italian front killed 2.160.000 italians and 2.380.000 austrian-hungarian soldiers , without counting german , french and english casualties . 
  ( yeah 4 million casualties ... how ridiculous it is to call the italian front a minor front ... 
  sorry for the off topic ) think how easy it would have been for the germans to hold a few forts on the alps to stop any number of allied troops . 
  the french-italian border was garded by a few troops during the allied reconquest of france as both sides knew very well an attack there would have been pretty impossible . 
  on the jews punishing , you have to understand fascism is not inherently anti-semitic . 
  italian fascism was free of any anti jewish laws until 1938 , when hitler pressured mussolini to apply some discrimatory laws against the jews . 
  a lot of senior officers in the fascist party were actually jewish . 
  margherita sarfatti ( one of mussolini 's lovers ) was jewish . 
  even after 1938 the government never turned any jews to the nazi until 1943 , when italy was occupied by german troops and mussolini was essentially a puppet in the hands of hitler . 
  iirc 85 % of italian jews survived ww2 . 
  now it 's not that the italian government was particularly pro jewish , the refusal to give their jewish citizens was simply a statement of power and indipendence . 
  what government would give away its citizens to a foreign country ? 
  also remember that anti semitism sentiments were on the rise in the all western world . 
  britain and the us were not invulnerable to it . 
  obviously nowhere near the nazi party , but still present enough to be felt . 
  this together with the nice barrier the nazi formed between britain , france and the soviet union was the main reasons nothing was done to prevent hitler in his race to power . 
  you need a german accent to out him properly . 
  making it unaccountable can be just as dangerous though . 
  i think you have it backwards . 
  i mean the longer one remains homeless , the more vulnerable to mental diseases he becomes . 
  i do n't agree . 
  if you allow private companies to compete with the state you put them in the position of pressuring the government , in order to lower the quality of their own public run institution . 
  they have influence so they will use that to fight the competition ( in this case the state ) . 
  private-public competition is not fair , nor it makes sense . 
  the government is not required to turn a profit and at the same time it is very vulnerable to corruption , influence of the public opinion . 
  you can see where things can go wrong . 
  now if you keep the private option very small compared to the public option i can agree , but nothing the size of an hospital . 
  you have to define efficient for me , buddy . 
  if you mean earning more money , i do n't agree with your statement . 
  if you mean making the service better we can talk . 
  i think that we have the means and the capacity to provide everyone with healthcare , i see very little reason to arbitrarily deny access to healthcare , other than profit . 
  and i do not agree with the modern narrative of the `` greedy '' man , where greed is the best emotion ever and every single thing humanity has ever did it 's because there was money to be made . 
  i would rather argue there are few things that were accomplished in the name of profit . 
  so yeah i do not consider profit motif enough to deny healthcare to anyone . 
  actually i would go farther and say that we should have every basic necessity of life covered : food , water , housing , healthcare , education , access to internet . 
  also i would nationalize pharmaceutical companies or at least have a public option , just like we should have a public construction company , a public internet option and public farms . 
  oh thank you for the links !, 
  i 'm gon na have a look . 
  i hope soon , comrade ... 
  i mean ... 
  i 'm sure the economy will get better momentarily, 
  that is actually something that i want to do as well . 
  i 'm still at uni now , i hope when i 'm out an opportunity will present itself . 
  yes but they represent today a very small segment of the economy . 
  i meant to say if in the future they 'll become more relevant than the traditional hierarchical organization of companies, 
  you 're right . 
  i mean companies not owned by a business man ( or a few stock holders ) but owned and/or controlled by its workers . 
  the management of the company is decided through democratic process . 
  yeah i agree . 
  not too long ago i did not even knew this type of companies exist , but now it seems a more desiderable way of working than the traditional way . 
  i recently started listening to richard wolff lectures and really got me thinking . 
  we are soo keen on bringing more democracy in our governments ( and rightly so ) , but we hardly challenge the strict hierarchy we have in our workplace . 
  i 'm a little late to the party . 
  i just wanted to say a couple of things : here in italy i feel , as a 22 year old male , that females are not under any systemic oppression . 
  laws are in place to prevent that . 
  any remaining oppression against the female gender is purely a cultural remnant of the past , but i do feel that these cultural ghosts will remain until the various women 's rights groups start framing the issue differently . 
  not as a woman issue but as a human issue . 
  as long as the women 's movement insists to be a gendered movement , their issue will remain a gendered issue . 
  yeah i agree . 
  quotas sound wrong to me as well . 
  forced gender qouta may actually increase the bias against women , perceived by the employer as a government imposition . 
  anti-immigration and anti-europe are not strictly right wing only . 
  is this actually true ? 
  that 's amazing , 
   bungalow , pyjama and shampoo come from hindi i did n't know this . 
  very interesting . 
  have you ever heard [ renzi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0kjzeh2jn8 ) ? 
  it 's incredible . 
  that song has more views than italian citizens ... 
  always in english . 
  simply because usually translations are terribly done and voice acting is even worse . 
  things are getting better , but in general english voices and writing is much better . 
  the same for me . 
  i prefer automatic but it is widely considered less manly to drive one . 
  also they 're expensive af . 
   form of government parliamentary republic , two chamber system . 
  the recent failed referendum here in italy was to repeal the `` perfect bicameralism '' system established by our constitution which means both chambers ( the house of representatives nad the senate ) have equal powers , while in pretty much all of europe the two chambers ( if present ) have different levels of responsibilities and powers . 
   most important positions in the state the president of the council is the head of the government , while the president of the republic has very little power in the everyday business of the legislature . 
   biggest party and their ideology pd ( partito democratico , democratic party ) is the ruling party .
