  you know i checked and you are right . 
  i interpreted badly the text i read . 
  sicily was simply a big producer of the new type of pasta . 
  thank you for noticing the error , now i 'll go in the corner quietly sobbing my dignity away . 
  the problem with roman theatre is that , contrary to the greek one , was a lot more focused on comedy , that often became obscene and satirical , so with time the profession lost more and more prestige , while still being very popular with the masses . 
  since many actors were slaves or emancipated slave , especially those coming from greece , friction with their owners ( or in case of freedman , their patrons ) was almost inevitable . 
  you 're probably right . 
  thanks !, 
  who you gon na call ? 
   gon na need to make your dikes even bigger . 
  i 'm afraid that 's their plan . 
  really ? 
  oh i did n't know . 
  what 's the average price ? 
  ... asking for a friend ... 
  or the vodka, 
  i like how italy , spain and greece are very similar , but spain is serious , italy has just a hint of smile and greece is happy . 
  what happens in corsica exactly ? 
  i mean 700 + deaths a year for an island is impressive . 
  i 'm surprised calabria is that bad . 
  especially compared to the neighbours . 
  do we knwo how data was collected ? 
  we are ... surprisingly good . 
  what 's the catch ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  or is it ? 
  [ evil laughter ], 
  the colonies are getting all angsty again, 
  did n't know the inquisition provides data to the eu on their activities, 
  [ come play with us !, 
  exactly . 
  more specifically it refers to well shaped , abundant excrements . 
  and the inquisition . 
  our special forces are actually quite good . 
  it 's the regular army that is not in the best of shape . 
  can i say this is so weird to hear ? 
  i 'll say it 's getting pretty snowy in hell right now . 
  corporatocracy at its finest . 
  ehh you 're not wrong . 
  i do n't know , it 's a complicated issue . 
  monte dei paschi may have had to declare bankruptcy , which would mean all the people the bank owed money would be in jeopardy and at risk of failing as well . 
  unfortunately private banks are so entwined in our economy that , despite being borderline criminal organizations , are necessary for the cogs to turn . 
  three days to reach milan is not that far fetched . 
  i mean i prefer amd , but intel is not that bad . 
  we too !, 
  thank you usa for operation gladio !, 
  oh come guys , everyone deserves a second chance . 
  or a third or forth one . 
  i do n't even remember how many times we had to pay for these leeches . 
  man , i was joking , come on . 
  ehh to be fair when you have to spend half your productive day just not to die of ipothermia , you do n't do n't have a lot of time to develop a civilization . 
  yall forgetting the first guys that imposed a [ common currency ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denarius ) . 
  yeah , [ the one ] ( https://www.goodtyping.com/teclatitaok.png ) attached to my desktop . 
  my laptop instead has an [ english keyboard ] ( https://www.goodtyping.com/teclatuk.htm ) , which is very good for writing code , less to write in non-english languages . 
  it will rise again like a phoenix !, 
  but not today ... maybe tomorrow . 
  or next month , there 's no rush . 
  it was . 
  the period 1960 ' -80 ' is called [ years of lead ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/years_of_lead ) in which we had a terrorist attack from the far left and the far right at least once a week . 
  to be fair the english keyboard lacks accented letters . 
  every time i have to write in italian i have to go look the codes to write them . 
  rekt, 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure someone somewhere will start a referendum or something that 'll ruin it . 
  how do you remember how many z your username has ? 
  we 'll punish the wicked of the world !, 
  by gently asking them to stop , if it 's not too much of a bother . 
  master merkel really sounds like a cheap rpg villain name . 
  you , sir , like to live dangerously , do n't you ? 
  true enough . 
  and honestly i would have preferred if italy remained under byzantine control after the gothic wars , rather than the bloody mess it was afterwards . 
  it 's another theory on the origin of the name . 
  personally i think the other one has a bit more weight , but both are quite valid . 
  south italy went from byzantine control to muslim to the normans to spanish control . 
  north italy went from lombard to french to german , to french again and then austrian . 
  italian culture is a culture that throughout history had to constantly integrate immigrant tribes and nations as well as the overlord 's imposed culture . 
  not gon na be scared by `` changing my culture '', 
  oh yeah , we 're well known for how much weight we carry in the european parliament , like all the times we bullied the eu into giving us concessions . 
  as i said in other comments , we 're not acting on our own here . 
  operations mare nostrum and triton are approved and ( partially ) funded by the eu . 
  triton makes use even of numerous non-italian ships . 
  i like how you pretend it is us sneaky italians doing this , while the truth is operations mare nostrum and triton are approved and even funded by the eu, 
  wait ... really ? 
  gon na have a party . 
  none party like the communist party !, 
  uh i like this , in fact you should apply a similar solution with mexico . 
  put a couple of hundred thousand enthusiastic patriots with machine guns at the border and the problem goes away !, 
  you would n't even need a wall . 
  just a lot of bullets . 
  i do n't remember our flag being so red . 
  did we change it ? 
  aside from the fact that mare nostrum was approved by frontex , the program already ended two years ago was and substituted by operation triton , which is not only approved by the eu , but also funded . 
  and it 's not only the italian navy that continues operations now , but ten different european countries . 
  now we have the same number of immigrants trying to cross the mediterranean and ten times the deaths we had before . 
  surprisingly , [ people drown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_migrant_vessel_incidents_on_the_mediterranean_sea ) if not rescued . 
  oh i 'm sorry i 'm supposed to say that they should drown . 
  by the way guys thank you for killing geddafi . 
  really helpful . 
  the anarchy we have now is much better and not related at all to the increase of organized crime aimed at shipping immigrants . 
  & nbsp ; anyway in my opinion we do n't really feel abandoned , it 's that we had to deal with this for years before the eu even bothered to do something . 
  the sensation is not `` the eu betrayed me '' , it 's `` oh now you care ! '',
