  you can always start your own roman empire . 
  it 's pretty much what any other european nation did . 
  us : `` what are we gon na do this night , europe ? '', 
  europe : `` same thing we do every night , us , try to conquer the world '', 
   communism i ... ehrm ... what ? 
  well to be fair the romans were very tolerant . 
  it bothered them only when other religion threatened to dimish the authority of their faith . 
  they were not tolerant for modern standards , but for ancient ones i would say yes . 
  why not take it a step further comrade ? 
  damn ottomans !, 
  you scary !, 
  now can you stop ruining my eu4 venice playthroughs ? 
  well i would have picked the blonde gal , but because i like her ... personality , not because of the skin color . 
  i can understand the outrage only if the woman was picked purely to have diversity for diversity sake . 
  otherwise who cares . 
  not true , the vast majority of the slaves in italy were italian . 
  the imported slaves were only the specialized ones , like gladiators , physicians or teachers . 
  also 20 % of the population was enslaved , not 90 % ( in italy it was a bit higher , 30 % ), 
  the economic problems of the empire were huge , but were on the way of being resolved , mainly thanks to diocletian 's economic reforms . 
  in the last century of the empire the economic system was already very close to medieval serfdom . 
  it was the very well timed mass immigration of the barbarian tribes to make the western empire fall . 
  i meant to say that the native italian gene pool got so rare that it effectively ceased to exist . 
  again i am not saying we do n't have external influence , we probably have one of the most mixed gene pools in the world . 
  but to say that the original natives are no longer present in our dna is bonkers . 
  you 're overestimating immigration . 
  sure there is a lot of external influence on the italian gene pool , but nowhere near saying that the original natives were completely eliminated from it . 
  in italy lived more or less 8 million people at the time of the lombard invasion . 
  the invading tribes were usually around 100k people , of which around 10-20k were soldiers . 
  are you saying that somehow these guys exterminated the native italian population ? 
  or they somehow permanently diluted the italian gene pool into nothingness ? 
  that is not true . 
  the chinese empire was split more than once . 
  and successfully invaded more than once as well . 
  north africa was very romanized . 
  it is only with the muslim conquests that north africa lost all his roman heritage . 
  victoria 2 here !, 
  spreading the red hydra in all of europe !, 
  oh you mean the country that just elected a fascist ? 
  where the first cause of bankruptcy are medical expenses ? 
  where 20 % of the population live under the poverty line ? 
  the country that needs to keep invading other nations to keep its economy turning ? 
  the country that spends 598 billion dollars on its military and 73 on its schools ? 
  oh boy do i wish the same thing here . 
  why do i have the sneaking suspicion that this would devolve rapidly in eliminating any semblance of social welfare for the lazy poor people and eliminating taxes for the rich since they work so hard ? 
  after all a person that works 10 hours a day , but has to utilize social security programs to eat since he does not make enough money for his family , is clearly a weight on society . 
  while his boss that works 6 hours a day and has no family to take care of is clearly a great boon to society . 
  again how do you measure this production ? 
  is a politician producing as much as he consumes ? 
  his entire job consists of discussing things . 
  is a crime lord producing when he only steals ? 
  is a teacher producing ? 
  is a soldier producing enough ? 
  is a writer ? 
  is an artist ? 
  you can not assign a value to the contribution of a person , it 's too complicated and too subjective . 
  a mother may not have worked a single day in her life , but she may have raised 4-5 children from infancy . 
  how do you evaluate her contribution ? 
  and how do you measure consumption . 
  the food i eat ? 
  the energy i consume ? 
  what is this social darwinism crap ? 
  how do you measure the worth of a person ? 
  by how much money they make ? 
  then i guess cirminal bosses are virtuous people after all , not too mention the great contribution to humanity stock exchange investors make . 
  do you measure by how much they produce ? 
  well considering 10 % of the population is actively involved in the manufactoring process i would say the vast majority of humanity is useless . 
  none has to justify fuck all to society . 
  luxury, 
  welcome to the incredible world of globalization, 
  and rightly so !, 
  can you please calm down ? 
  i do n't think i have offended anyone with my super annoying comment . 
  now if you click the link you 'll see a video from an english comedian . 
  my intent was to laugh a bit . 
  it was n't obvious enough i guess . 
  that said , we are constantly discussing brexit . 
  i think it 's fair to say some of us are a bit tired of it . 
  they did n't even began the process to exit the eu and we should discuss how to bring them back ? 
  the uk should get on with it and the eu as well . 
  [ get on with it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpmbrmnogke ), 
  ahah good one , buddy !, 
  oh no problem . 
  no need for apologies , really !, 
  damn it . 
  now i ca n't unsee . 
  i 'm ruined . 
  well i kinda like them . 
  it 's a way to playfully make fun of all the stereotypes we accumulated on our fellow europeans . 
  consider them as a group of friends joking about one another . 
  i understand what you mean , but i find it pretty awesome that in this sub people can post something like this and instead of having angry mobs or racists idiots filling the comment sections we have friendly banter . 
  it makes me feel like there is hope for a united europe . 
  well my `` joke '' was that since frenchs are stereotyped to be a bit arrogant , if they have a positive opinion of something it means they have quite a high consideration of it , 
   almost as beautiful as france coming from france it 's quite the compliment . 
  you think greece would have been able to save herself if outside the eu ? 
  i highly doubt so . 
  and how can you say italy would fare better outside the eu when the uk which has a much healthier economy is struggling now . 
  how many companies have threatened to leave the uk ? 
  how many new trade deals have they signed ? 
  and how is making trade deals slowly a bad thing ?
