   how many would turn to crime ? 
  why would you turn to crime if your life necessities are met ? 
   do n't try to explain to me they would n't take free money in a heart beat . 
  ubi means universal . 
  everyone gets it no matter their income or employment status . 
  there is no incentive in remaining unemployed . 
   money should not be given to people just because they exists . 
  so you are against inheritance ? 
  oh do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't think ubi is a viable long term solution . 
  i think as u/monaoeda was saying that capitalism is dying and ubi can be a good way to ease the transition to the society that will come afterwards . 
  i personally am a socialist and ubi is not an inherently socialist idea , far from it in fact , but if it helps lessen the effects of the disruption of our economy ( as you rightly pointed at ) i 'm more than happy to support it . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem if someone coming from a low income job decides to not work for a while . 
  first a lack of lwo income workers will provide an incentive to automate , second very few people can actually bear doing nothing forever , especially if they worked hard for all their life . 
  humans are driven to accomplish something for the betterment of society . 
  in general we do want to work , but we want that work to be meaningful . 
  just think of how many people decide to freely give away their time for socially important projects . 
  doctors and lawyers assisting the less fortunate , volunteers working when a catastrophe hits somewhere ... or think of how linux , firefox or wikipedia came to be . 
  people with valuable knowledge choose to use that knowledge not for their personal gain and wasted precious time that could have been spent gaining money on non profit projects . 
  my answer to your problem is that we will stop having meaningless jobs covered and a lot more socially important but very poorly retribuited will see a surge of applicants . 
  i actually think the opposite . 
  i mean for the first few months yeah , probably a lot of people would take some time off , but after that we would see a surge for the economy . 
  just think of how many more people will try to make their own businesses if they know that they wo n't sleep under a bridge if things go badly . 
  hell i 'd gladly start something if i could have that , but as things are now i just ca n't . 
  too many things can go wrong . 
   humans are greedy no humans are not naturally greedy . 
  we are products of our society and it just happens that our current economic system thrives on greed , so that is what it gets drilled into our skulls since we step into the world . 
  if we go back to ancient times would you make the same argument for slavery ? 
  we ca n't have a better society because humans need masters . 
  if you do n't force people to work with whips and swords , they 'll never do it !, 
  as i see it ubi would substitute all other welfare programs , so the costs would not be absurdly high , considering a single simple program is much cheaper than dozens of different welfare institutions with their burocracy and rules and controls . 
  i 'm not saying it will be cheap , but not prohibitively so . 
  why do you think it wo n't work ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  well that is the idea behind ubi , to allow the market to keep having a consumer base . 
  it 's better than the violent uprising alternative to it . 
  there is no such thing as unwillingness to work . 
  there is rather an unwillingness to be exploited . 
  humans are willing to work for years uninterrupted if they truly believe in what they are doing , some actually kill themselves fwith the exhaustion . 
  what you see as laziness is the product of not recognizing one self in what we are working on . 
  and how can we when we do n't see a single extra dime for our effort ? 
  of course people are not willing to work themselves to death for their bosses , why should they ? 
  this is why productivity is actually higher in cooperatives , rather than traditional businesses , if the worker is engaged and considers important what he is doing he is willing to give a lot more of himself . 
  the point i 'm trying to say is that asking how to push people to work is not the right question , a better question is how do we get people involved in what they do and ubi would greatly help in this . 
  just think of how many people are not willing to pursue their dreams because of their financial status ? 
  stuck on their jobs hoping the next crisis wo n't screw them over too much . 
  if they knew no matter how bad things get they can always rely on ubi not to starve to death or get kicked out of their houses how many more people would start businesses ? 
  how many more would go into research ? 
  also :  people receiving such income universal basic income means that everyone , no matter their income , receives it . 
  this is why it is not in conflict with the rational choice theory . 
  that is how we avoid the situation which you i guess where referring to where it is more convenient to stay unemployed rather than working . 
  tax increases were employed as well . 
  anyway if the government cuts social programs who is going to suffer the consequences ? 
  cutting heathcare forces people to spend more on private options , same for education , etc. 
  well it would have a pretty good impact on the economy . 
  if the consumer base has money to spend companies are able to sell and so grow and prosper . 
  this is what i hate most of the austerity measures . 
  how can you make an economy grow if you starve its consumers of disposable cash ? 
  we ca n't all be germany and have a 20 % export surplus . 
   also how is it supposed to be financed ? 
  - debt ? 
  tax redistribution ? 
  i see it as a substitute to welfare entirely . 
  instead of having 15 different welfare programs we simply have ubi to guarantee a minimum standard of living to all citizens . 
  this way it can be far more efficient than separate institutions tackling single problems and so a lot more easily manegeable and cheaper . 
  as far as financing it i think it should manly be a tax on the surplus value , something not too different from what beno\u00eet hamon proposed recently . 
  taxing the added value not only does not weights over the earnings of the worker as much as an income tax does but it would include both human and robotic labour . 
  oh come on !, 
  slavs are not that bad !, 
  they just destroyed our empire once !, 
  jokes aside i really do n't think it will be a big issue . 
  it will cause problems , but nothing threatening . 
  oh yeah right . 
  well i do have to agree with you here . 
  still with the costs associated with starting a new family it will be difficult to drive up our fertility . 
  is n't it 2.2 the minimum ? 
  i remember reading something like that ... 
  honestly i do n't think we need to have a growing population . 
  what we lack in new blood can be substituted by automation . 
  this is the other side of the coin for having one of the highest life expctancies on the planet . 
  well it is bad for the economy in a certain sense . 
  less young people means less actively working people means less taxes for the government means less money to pay pensions . 
  the problem is solvable without forcing people to breed however . 
  automation is our best bet . 
  just to explain fika is really close to the italian `` figa '' which is a slang for female genitalia . 
  usually it 's linked to nationalistic rants about preserving the european race or other ideas of the same caliber . 
  not necessarely , but time was essential for the allies . 
  they needed to invade germany as fast as possible to stop the soviets to take control of all of europe . 
  the alps would have taken too long to conquer compared to an invasion of france . 
  plus churchill kinda had a fetish for naval invasions . 
  nope . 
  fine of 5000 $ , doubled if done during a day of national significance ( like liberation day for example ) . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  i mentally switched words and wrote the wrong thing . 
  well i think this should be taught in philosophy class , so as to give an historical context to all those ideologies you 've mentioned . 
  also i would love to have a class dedicated to economics . 
  it 's pretty unaccetable that we get out of our high schools not knowing a single thing about how banks , companies or the stock exchange works . 
   americans voted for a donald and did n't expect to get ducked ? 
  and they say you guys have no sense of humor !, 
  have my kek , my teutonic friend .
