  or do you support deals such as ttip ? 
  i completely agree on the banks , but i do n't see how leaving the eu of the euro would solve our problems . 
  on the contrary i think it would be the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  who would invest in an italy alone , isolated and with deep financial instability ? 
  [ shish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thtrnj3a-ca ) original [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iypk2shyxea ), 
  yeah , if it was that easy . 
  unfortunately there is a lot of interests behind monte dei paschi , specifically from the ruling party , the democratic party ( pd ) . 
  little known fact the bank was controlled by the party and it 's still filled by old pd politicians . 
  ehhh circa . 
  i wo n't even try to respond . 
  so fucking tired of all the shit thrown our way on this . 
  no in realta . 
  so veneto . 
  are you ... mocking me ? 
  ahah perfect !, 
   crime connected bros eh . 
  could have been worse . 
  southern europeans master race ( / s 'cause you never know )  point here and run when germans mention economy now i am picturing a spain zoidberg . 
  tell me we have a gif like that . 
  there . 
  i added the / s. 
  happy now ? 
  uk i get that you are proud of your literary production , but do n't you think making a live action adaptation of 1984 is a bit extreme ? 
  yes , but the mulier equitans was the most common in erotic art , not sex . 
  the reason is because it gives a full view of the female body , good to advertise a brothel . 
  how original '' oh , you ... [ youth of today ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/071/658/fe0.jpg ) . 
  i 'll have you know venice had canals before it was cool !, 
  the statues outside . 
  the originals are inside to better keep then from deteriorating . 
  i should have specified better . 
  i 'll edit the post when i can . 
  you can be a patriot and a left winger or a centrist . 
  oh thank you !, 
  you are right , but there is no reason to be a dick about it . 
  ahah well done sir !, 
  civ v is that you ? 
  do the different colors mean anything ? 
  or the louvre . 
  ot / i love the games this guy made . 
  / ot i can understand his position . 
  kudos to him to stand up for his country . 
  do n't let the frenchs know . 
  oh stop it you . 
  you 'll make me blush . 
  here !, 
  i think you dropped your sense of humor . 
  exactly . 
  a lot of technical legal terms comes from latin . 
  actually a lot of our legal modern system is based on the roman legal system . 
  minus the swearing on balls . 
  thanks man , appreciate it . 
  well the bright side is for once we are on top of a ranking list . 
   it 's really gross and frowned upon by a lot of people . 
  let me introduce my family . 
  we 've gone past nationalism and entered the phase continentalism . 
  which sounds like something else , so we should probably use another word . 
  yeah we have a great reputation , have n't we ? 
  yeah i saw thanks !, 
  government , corporations , criminal organizations , hackers groups, 
  everything you can do to protect yourself they can do it too and better . 
  we 're completely dependent on russian gas unfortunately . 
  if you have alternatives let us know . 
  i 'm not saying we should lift the sanctions , but there are reasons why our government is asking for it . 
  happy you liked it !, 
  iirc he spent part of his childhood in england, 
  oh good . 
  ahah poor kid !, 
   freedom/influence is hard to come by as a woman while roman society was strongly patriarchal , women were far from powerless . 
  i wrote something about women in the previous episode . 
  that said as a personal opinion there was probably female-to-male crossdressing , but was not particularly common in the upper class and since the vast majority of our sources talk only of the roman elite , little is left for the rest of the population to reach us . 
  anyway here we are going into the topic of gender identity in ancient rome and , while an extremely interesting subject , i am quite ignorant on the topic and do n't want to give away false informations . 
  unfortunately i could not find anything , but i 'll keep an eye out . 
  as you say sources on the female world of rome are difficult to come by . 
  it was . 
  especially for women of the upper class . 
  it was an act that usually only infames ( so mainly slaves and prostitutes ) would perform and not something a husband would have expected from his wife . 
  furthermore fellare ( the verb describing the action ) was considered a `` laughable preference '' typical of men who have trouble maintaing erections . 
  more than likely the phrase is actually of medieval origin , especially since classical latin would have kept the verb `` est '' implicit ( de gustibus non disputandum ) . 
  however it probably came from a very similar saying spoken commonly by the common roman . 
  this is what plutarch reports caesar said in the narrated episode : `` surely it were enough not to eat what you do n't like ; but he who finds fault with ill-breeding like this is ill-bred himself . 
  you can see that the meaning of the now famous phrase is there , just expressed differently . 
  am i the only one loosing the subtitles after a couple of minutes ? 
   historians did n't make up the republic of manchuria kek, 
  how exactly a small and powerless government would make corporations less powerful ? 
  jesus sardinia , leave something for us as well . 
  you mean the country where literally everything is trying to kill you ? 
  was there any injured ? 
  damage ? 
  pasta was undoubtely produced way before the arrivals of the arabs . 
  what they introduced was dried pasta . 
  i do n't see the problem regarding the matzoth instead . 
  i clearly said it was a legend . 
  i read your comment 10 times trying to understand if you were trying to hide a word with the arrangement of the phrase , but i do n't think so . 
  unless tistid is a word . 
  the good old metatron . 
  that guy is a well of knowledge , highly reccomend his stuff . 
  ah damn it . 
  thank you for telling me !, 
  i 'll go back to my corner . 
   i swear on my balls i could read your posts everyday 10/10 best compliment ever,
