  imma say everything . 
  i mean i have no fucking clue how our economy is still going . 
  no really . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around it . 
  and seeing how our politicians respond to issues i think they do n't either . 
  so ... did they do it ? 
  b-but muh productivity !, 
   i think it 's more inhumane to let people with ( severe ) disabilities life of course harmful genetic defects should be corrected . 
  i was talking purely of `` enhancements '' or generally modifications not meant to restore health . 
  yes i specified in fact that i was talking of modifications purely for the purposes of making a healthy human `` better '', 
  my issue is how and of who . 
  a world where money equals quite literally more intelligence is a world i do n't want to live in . 
  pretty sure that 's fake news . 
  can i still post bread ? 
  monarchist ? 
  sigh ... [ takes out hammer and sickle ], 
  i can not confirm or deny this . 
   what kind of insurance could you buy in the us for $ 55 per month ? 
  weed , probably . 
  the fact that on that graph the lines do not end at the same point is really bothering me . 
  seems almost like those countries stopped paying . 
  well it makes sense . 
  southern spain was the first to be annexed by the romans because it was under carthaginian control , while the north was completely conquered only with augustus . 
  look at the bright side . 
  the inventors of such thing were the roman legions stationed on the german border . 
  their reason was different though . 
   basically german in this context did the pitchforks hurt ? 
  eh ... fair enough, 
  wait ... there are no bears in russia ? 
  that there is no such thing as italian national identity . 
  ah do n't worry . 
  it 's my fault for putting the name he is the least known as . 
  his real name was camillo benso , count of cavour , which is a city south of turin . 
  he was indeed very important and the historical father of the political right in italy , just as mazzini was for the political left . 
  italy was dominated for almost 50 years after ww2 by the [ dc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_democracy_ ( italy % 29 ) , democrazia cristiana or christian democracy . 
  it was technically centre left , but often it behaved as a pure centrist party . 
  much like its successor , the pd ( partito democratico , democratic party , the current ruling party ) . 
  well let 's just say we italians inherited from the romans their distrust of kings . 
  not to say that 's it 's not an important figure , but there are other individuals that greatly contributed to the unification of italy , such as [ camillo benso ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camillo_benso,_count_of_cavour ) and , probably even more important , [ giuseppe mazzini ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giuseppe_mazzini ), 
  and it 's actually very easy to do . 
  `` so when are you getting a girlfriend ? '', 
  is how my grandmother greets me . 
  well it depends , we have various figures that can be considered as such . 
  probably [ giuseppe garibaldi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giuseppe_garibaldi ) , the `` hero of two worlds '' because of his adventures in south america and his role in the unificationof italy in the [ expedition of the thousand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expedition_of_the_thousand ) . 
  nah i would say that 's an accurate representation . 
  tfw i ca n't pass my driving test :(, 
  [ are we the baddies ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn1vxamejru ), 
  no taxation without representation , the original . 
  ok this is more of an historical curiosity than an important speech , but i really like it . 
  during the first triumvirate of octavianus ( later augustus ) , lepidus and marcus antonius , there was lack of funds to sustain the war effort against the legions loyal to caesar 's assassins . 
  the proposed solution was to impose a tax over the wealthiest 1400 women of rome . 
  this obviously angered the ladies so they reunited in front of the senate to protest against the law . 
  hortensia was elected spokeswoman and with her moving speech managed to partially repeal the law ( the number of women was reduced to 400 ) . 
  she technically had no right to speak in the senate , but roman law was written to be quite elastic during war times , so none protested . 
  except for octavian , antony , and lepidus . 
  beaten by a woman . 
  the horror . 
  this is what reached us of the speech hortensia gave , wrote by the historian appian in his chronicles of the civil wars :  `` you have already deprived us of our fathers , our sons , our husbands , and our brothers , whom you accused of having wronged you ; if you take away our property also , you reduce us to a condition unbecoming our birth , our manners , our sex . 
  why should we pay taxes when we have no part in the honours , the commands , the state-craft , for which you contend against each other with such harmful results ? 
  ` because this is a time of war , ' do you say ? 
  when have there not been wars , and when have taxes ever been imposed on women , who are exempted by their sex among all mankind ? '', 
  oh that all affair is an absolute shitshow . 
  uber can burn in hell , but the taxi licence mafia is almost as bad . 
  better to strike too much than to let yourself be trampled over . 
  here in italy only government employees dare to ever go on strike and as a result we have embarassingly bad written labour laws , massively corrupt workers unions and toxic working environments . 
  as i said i am a socialist . 
  i think income inequality will always grow no matter the regulations imposed . 
  that is because wealth accumulation is a fundamental pillar of capitalism itself . 
  low standard of living , wealth and power concentration , extreme poverty are all symptoms of a system that despite being able to produce more than enough fails to satisfy its population . 
  rather than limit the amount of what top earners gain i would eliminate private property . 
  rather than regulate how private companies function i would outlaw them . 
  after all the problem of non equal distribution of wealth generates from the hierarchical structure of our companies . 
  we have strict pyramid systems where the top has all the interest in keeping as much as they can for themselves , regardless of how much of it they effectively earned with their labour . 
  the same problem can be seen in politics . 
  yes we have democracy but it 's an open secret that politicians look after the interest of the wealthy first . 
  why ? 
  because it is in their interest . 
  as long as you do n't touch how our system works any solution you can come up with to reduce or fight inequality will always find itself constantly under pressure from our elite . 
  so yeah , to summarize i would look at the cause of the problem , rather than the symptom . 
  not before we join cthulhu !, 
  patrolling norrland winter almost makes you wish for the mojave . 
  the goal strictly depends on your personal political affiliation . 
  if you think laissez faire is the way to go then income inequality is not an issue at all , if instead you think the free market is not an inherently good force then income inequality is an issue and has to be fought . 
  once you know where you stand on the issue you 'll know what is the direction you want to move towards . 
  then i 'm afraid i do n't understand the question . 
  you 're asking what 's wrong with having the richest 6 people having as mcuh wealth as 3.5 billion humans ? 
  it 'll never be the focus of a government , simply because in a post scarcity society the state as we know it now is superflous . 
  it would go against the interest of the government to bring forward society towards post scarcity . 
  other than that it is a n interesting subject , worth of study . 
  i 'm not so optimistic as kurzweil but i do think we will see it in this century . 
  only on a moral perspective . 
  if everyone earned exactly the same amount of money the economy would work regardless . 
  maybe not very efficiently but it would . 
  the same thing can not be said of the opposite , extreme wealth accumulation slows down everything and eventually makes the system collapse . 
  now where should we stop ? 
  well it depends on how much we think extra work should be rewarded . 
  it 's not easy to give an answer and raises even more questions , the biggest `` what constitutes exactly extra work ? '', 
  if we think purely in earnings then stock holders are the hardest working people on the planet and should so be the richest . 
  if we think in terms of pure effort then the highest wages would be found in the working class .
