  not sure about decent , but denigrated i am pretty sure . 
  the problem with caligula and other very anti-senatorial emperors is that our sources ( such as svetonius ' records ) are all written from the point of view of the ruling elite , which by and large despised the man , not without reason since he aimed at curtailing their power and did so quite openly , contrary to , for example , augustus who tried to maintain healthy relationships with the senators . 
  if you are interested you can read [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2r8597/was_caligula_crazy_subquestions/cndg9w6/ ) at r/askhistory where u/celebreth gives a very detailed answer to your question . 
  oh fuck , now i ca n't unsee it . 
  as much as romance languages and laziness . 
  they 're just stereotypes . 
   viii .2 ( in the basilica ) ; 1816 : epaphra , you are bald !, 
  [ you , sir , are extremely bold !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8uevejuqsq )  vi .14 ( vico degli scienziati ) ; 3042 : cruel lalagus , why do you not love me ? 
   v. 3.9 ( house of cosmus and epidia ; right of the door ) ; 6702 : aufidius was here . 
  goodbye well , he was polite at least . 
   viii .2 ( in the basilica ) ; 1842 : gaius pumidius dipilus was here on october 3rd 78 bc . 
  shitposting at its finest . 
  that is actually an interesting interpretation . 
  the problem is that we know of incitatus ( the name of the horse ) through svetonius that lived ( and wrote his book ) after caligula 's death . 
  if i find the passage in svetonius book i 'll post it . 
  edit : this is what another historian contemporary of svetonius wrote : '' [ caligula ] used to have dinner with one of his horses , who had called incitatus , and offered him barley and [ the horse ] drank wine from golden goblets ; he [ ... ] also promised to appoint him consul , a promise that he would certainly have taken if he would have lived longer . '', 
  thank you for the detail !, 
  well i do n't think they are incompatible interpretation , after all you can destroy a statue or erase a name but you can not modify someone 's memory . 
  erasing someone from history means making history forget him , while sending the message to the fellow contemporary men that his crimes were so severe that none should know he even existed . 
  no , actually i never really thought of writing stuff like this until a week ago , then i made a smaller piece about venice and this one . 
  later laws were made to protect slaves from unjustified murder , this was one of the numerous little cracks that the slave economy of the empire accumulated . 
  at the same time other laws had to be made to limit the number of slave that could be freed . 
  i purposely stayed away from slavery , simply because it would have taken an entire extra page all by itself . 
  maybe i 'll make another post on slavery , together with some lighter stuff perhaps . 
  [ here ] ( http://pubs.giss.nasa.gov/docs/2007/2007_stothers_st02710y.pdf ) you can see the study made by nasa about possible ufo-like objects in ancient times . 
  i have n't found ufo sightings outside the roman empire , in asia the oldest i found was of the 17 ^ th century in korea . 
  i think it is due to the fact that we have less written literature from asia or the middle east rather than ufos being a european phenomenon, 
  well i meant that he wanted to show them his power was superior . 
  but as i said before i did not mean to elevate caligula to hero status , i used him because he and nero are the most famous mad emperors . 
  i hindsight though i admit they may not have been the best examples . 
  oh yeah i forgot to mention that . 
  yes , but as i said the value of salt was not , like gold , its rarity , but in its extremely high demand . 
  i did n't know this guy . 
  i 'll look into it , seems an interesting fellow, 
  my pleasure !, 
  to be fair though the republic was already a clogged machine that barely functioned . 
  eventually we would have had an empire even without caesar . 
  and the senators that opposed him did not do it out of love for the republic , but out of fear of loosing their power . 
  i dunno i do love me some booty . 
  if that what you read then i apologize , i expressed myself incorrectly , i did n't mean to paint caligula as a hero of the common man , he was n't , but he was very anti-senate and took every opportunity to put the senators in their place . 
  it does n't matter if he actually put his horse as the consul , the message behind such act wass clear and reached its intended audience , which later used it against him to denigrate his image . 
  make spqr great again !, 
  i have to say i 'm not an expert in the legal procedings . 
  i know that there were lawyers and were also very prestigious . 
  cicero more than once acted as a lawyer and got quite famous because of that . 
  i remember reading that both hard evidence and witnesses were accepted , but ultimately oral evidence was the most important one . 
  petty crime was rather common in rome , mainly because for ancient time it was a gigantic city ( it reached 1 million inhabitants ) and inevitably crime was widespread . 
  in the rest of the empire petty crime was less of an issue , manly because punishments were very severe . 
  capital punishments were fairly common even for something as simple as thievery , other common punishments were exile or forced enslavement . 
  in rome there were two security forces : the vigiles that patrolled the streets at night and acted both as firemen and local police , then there were the cohortes urbanae that were enlisted soldiers whose job was riot control and to counterbalance the power of the praetorian guard . 
  i know . 
  once i have a bit of time , i 'll add some . 
  i should have put some sources . 
  i admit . 
   what you wrote about caligula is just some wishful thinking by some revisionists . 
  you mean the fact that it is believed it was a lunatic madman or that i say it is actually not very true ? 
   there was no damnatio memoriae for caligula there was a attempt for it yeah i should have specified better . 
  at the moment of writing the piece i did n't have any good example in mind . 
  thank you for prividing a good one . 
   estimates for the roman economy are problematic i absolutely agree , i added the economy section just because it was interesting to see how the roman economy would figure under modern units of measurements . 
  thank you . 
  i was on mobile before and could n't reply . 
  oh sure i did n't mean to imply nero was a good guy . 
  only that the propaganda developed by its political adversaries has become the mainstream conception of him . 
  as soon as the provinces will recognized their true and only overlord . 
  oh there 's a lot that i have n't said . 
  i 'll do another post some time in the future maybe, 
  well i was a bit too generic i admit . 
  slaves were considered humans and had indeed some basic rights , but they did not have legal rights ( they did not possess a legal personhood ) . 
  that means that raping a slave was still a crime , but you could not be prosecuted because of it , unless the owner of the slave sued him because of `` damaged goods '' i 'll modify the post soon . 
  thank you !, 
  i was worried it would be too long and tedious . 
  actually no , i probably should !, 
   it 's not the problem , it 's the solution [ whoa , calm down , bro ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/73/ff/4e/73ff4ef746fc5abad09159fa527b31e0.jpg ), 
  the more i read this post the darker it gets . 
  tb , is that you ? 
  turns out england is full of water benders, 
   ( so far ) you planning something germany ? 
  if that 's the case you 'll let your old buddies know right ? 
  it 's actually post-post-apocalyptic, 
  i 'm confused , is she a volunteer or a conscript ? 
  they change their mind a couple of times in the video . 
  also norway has conscription ? 
  did n't know !, 
  oh , you 're asking the wrong italian here . 
  we have `` only the fog '' according to the rest of italy . 
  see recent post about fog in the po valley . 
  well the fog makes it seems like we spent the last ten years making the biggest mozzarella ever made in history . 
  they can do that ? 
  i mean i 'm not trying to defend the guy but i feel extending his sentence after the trial is at least questionable . 
  is it actually legal ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  [ but that 's heresy !, 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/706/077/e75.jpg ), 
  [ heresy !, 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/706/058/3cd.png ), 
  hungary , buddy , you need a hand ? 
  also montenegro . 
  man , what 's up ?
