  do you think that fascists and nazis had actually popular support and not just an instrument of the elite to maintain their power ? 
  every law protecting the worker was paid in blood and suffering and you are so blind in your own little world that you pretend this is n't true . 
  you think they failed ? 
  if they really did you would be living in a capitalist paradise that would make the us look like the ussr . 
  go read some history . 
  & nbsp ; now you are aware that the school of life is a social democrat platform right ? 
  and you are aware than adam smith was far more towards the left than a lot of people think ? 
  adam smith defined the free market as a market free from the control of the people and said that was a bad thing . 
  he also said that the most violent and bloody governments are the ones run by merchants . 
  he also stated that a government whose sole responsibility is to defend private property is simply an institution to defend the rich from the poor . 
  he also defended workers ' unions and condemned attempts at dismantling them . 
  oh and he mentions the invisible hand exactly one time in the wealth of nations . 
  such a great defender of capitalism is n't he ? 
  and the point i was trying to make is that no matter how peaceful your protest is the moment you start threatening their supremacy they will resort to violence . 
  the russian revolution started with soldiers refusing to shoot the protesters outside the palace after all . 
  are you suggesting that slaves would be wrong to rebel and kill their masters ? 
  should they peacefully say `` well it 's been a blast , nice knowing you and thanks for all the fish '' ? 
  there was a lot more propaganda against communism than fascism . 
  your argument does n't really hold up . 
  how is private property helping the human race ? 
  dose n't it causes endless struggle to obtain more ? 
  why are nations sensible concepts if they do nothing but attack each other to increase their private property ? 
  it 's easy to twist things around to make them sound bad , you 'll have to work a bit harder . 
   muh human nature, 
   that just does n't work . 
  a great argument there . 
  really convinced me . 
   it never had a direct impact on wealthy european countries , namely the west and the south . 
  completely ignoring the communist movements in italy . 
  ignoring the communist revolts in germany . 
  ignoring the spanish civil war . 
  ignoring the paris commune . 
  yeah it 's not like in the west socialists tried at all . 
  what about countries where the communist party was hunted down and killed to the last man ? 
  well non violent revolution is an utopic ideal . 
  not once in history the old ruling class peacefully step down , no matter how inefficient was their rule . 
  and the problem is not only the revolutionaries . 
  if i now take my friends and say `` this piece of land is now indipendent and we will rule it as a communist utopia '' the italian government will send the police and inprison me for terrorism . 
  it happened even within the russian revolution as well , with the bolshevik takeover of the free territory of ukraine , controlled by the anarchists . 
  how is this impossible in communism ? 
  the heart of socialist theory is to bring democracy in the workplace , to substitute a system that pretends to be meritocratic to one that is based on the will of its workers . 
  are we seriously discussing a video from prageu ? 
  i mean the ideology is so thick in those ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ informational video , i do n't even know what to discuss . 
  oh on that i agree , i was talking about the `` military '' aspect of it . 
  the issue i take with this line of reasoning is that it implies those things would never have been created otherwise, 
  frate ' !, 
  ( why are we using a roman accent ? ), 
  well all romance countries feel quite close . 
  greece as well feels pretty close . 
  well look at the bright side !, 
  now that you know a romance language , the others should be a lot easier to learn ( and a lot more useful ), 
  true . 
  it was a period quite full of events . 
  especially in science and technology . 
  iirc we reached the highest peak of new inventions per year in those years . 
  wait ... voralberg is a place ? 
  til . 
  did n't know syberia used real places . 
  should replay it , considering the third one is coming out . 
  at least you just have to look at the other side of the adriatic to feel better ... yay . 
  my grandparents do n't really harbor too much resentment really . 
  they often tell of the small german garrison in their town with a broken tank that would break again 100 metres from the workshop after having being repaired again . 
  they were a group of conscripts of the wehrmacht and purposefully delayed the repair of the tank as long as they could . 
  my other grandfather instead was with the resistance . 
  to be precise he was a communist resistance fighter . 
  to be even more precise he was the commisar of his unit and fought with the resistance to the end of the war . 
  he had a slightly less positive attitude towards germans , but his hate was mainly directed towards italian fascists . 
  they have an internal development studio . 
  another paradox addict here btw !, 
  underrated . 
  mostly . 
  usually i 'm not even mad one of our dishes is being butchered . 
  mostly i 'm praying for the souls of those poor stomachs that 'll have to digest that . 
  well considering your immediate neighbours are friulans and venetians it 's understandable you guys absorbed some profanities . 
  so many people saying italian . 
  you folks clearly never heard venetians throwing blasphemies like the ottomans are at the city 's gates . 
  i think this is a `` that 's the joke '' moment , buddy . 
  do agree !, 
  well , yeah , but it 's because the ex-third placer left the room . 
  it 's not exactly a spectacular achievement . 
  we may have a decent economic base , but it 's constantly on the verge of failing . 
  we get by , that 's our biggest problem . 
  that 's what you get when you mix italians , normans , greeks , spaniards and arabs . 
   linguistically half of the english vocabulary comes from latin or french ... 
  everything north of the alps ? 
  another one of these threads ? 
  are n't you people tired ? 
  france . 
  they are a mediterranean and a romance country that has a working economy . 
  i really ca n't think of anything more alien . 
  legend says that my city , padua , was founded by antenor , a mythological figure that appears in the illyad . 
  he was the oldest and wisest of troy counsellors and tried to stop the war by begging his fellow citizens to return helen . 
  well i guess we do feel some remote conection to the roman empire , but nothing major . 
  a much stronger connection instead , stronger than our national indentity honestly , is with the small city states that dominated italy for the past millenium . 
  here in veneto for example the legacy of the republic of venice . 
  flair checks out . 
  well padua is 2200 years old more or less , when it became a roman ally first and then peacefully integrated in the republic . 
  it was founded by the veneti , a tribe that came probably from the balkans , but there are theories they may have been a splinter group of tribes living in modern poland . 
  another theory is that they were from anatolia and this is where the legend of its foundation by antenor , survivor of troy . 
  can i say everything ?
