  it requires too much information to be practiced correctly . 
  unfortunately unless a large popular movement can form i 'm afraid we are destined to see our privacy shrink ever more . 
  another big problem will be net neutrality in the coming years . 
  yay for the future !, 
  absolutely . 
  `` but we 'll never be able to turn any profit if we followed all this regulations ! '', 
  if your business model can not exists within humane regulations it should n't exist to begin with . 
  yeah i love the fact that if a corporation uses a scammy tactic to dodge taxes is the government 's fault somehow . 
  like we assume corporations will act as criminal as they can get away with to begin with ... ok i see now the issue . 
  eh not much of a gap if everyone is equally poor . 
  i think my country is the perfect example of a real life version of the cookies joke . 
   a banker , a worker , and an immigrant are sitting at a table with 20 cookies . 
   the banker takes 19 cookies and warns the worker : `` watch out , the immigrant is going to take your cookie away . '', 
  as soon as you start behaving young man . 
  no weed and no hookers . 
  welcome to the club . 
  yes . 
  it 's only after napoleon that the city would loose its indipendence . 
  which was under venetian control iirc . 
  and that is why he crossed the adriatic and changed his identity . 
  plot twist : tesla was actually italian but had to flee the country and change identity because he did not like pizza . 
  not necessarely true . 
  we are perfectly capable of organizing horizontally . 
  and what is the difference between someone that tries to seize power in a stateless society than in a state organized one ? 
   without forming what is essentially also a government . 
  this is a typical misunderstanding of anarchist thought . 
  anarchism does not advocate for compelte removal of every form of government or institution . 
  it requires though that these institutions justify their existence in the current form they are organized . 
  if they fail to do so they need to be dismantled and , if judged necessary , rebuilt from the ground up . 
  i completely agree . 
  i was saying that knowing this sub i do n't think we 'll find a lot of sympathetic voices . 
  nothing new about the pd imploding . 
  they punctually do so every few years . 
  how can it be surprising when you cram inside a single party very different leftist ideologies and then slowly shift ever towards centre right policies ? 
  i liked renzi because he somehow managed to keep control of the pd , even if i do n't like his policies at all . 
  and berlusconi fortunately has not enough support to challenge the m5s or the pd , even as crippled as it is now . 
  i really hope a new truly leftist party emerges , one without the dinosaurs plaguing the pd . 
  otherwise i really do n't want to see what the m5s will do to the country . 
  ah do n't worry , we 'll now elect either another puppet of the mafia like berlusconi or a useless bureaucrat like bersani and things will get even worse . 
  i 'd vote for the socialist party at this point , but even that is a ridiculously corrupt cesspool . 
  no god no masters . 
  do n't think there are a lot of anarchists here though . 
  well i would say it 's an open secret that pretty much every government in the world is contaminated by big money interest . 
  and this shows the contradictory nature of the politician in the 21 ^ st century . 
  on one hand he has to please a poor and alienated population , otherwise he wo n't get elected , on the other he has to please the big protagonists of the economy , otherwise there wo n't be a government to be elected in . 
  it 's no wonder it often seems politicians flip back and forth on the same small problems , they ca n't do anything else . 
  and to pretend that a government can actually bring big changes to how the economy works you just have to look at greece . 
  things are not good and it would make sense that the greek government start taking some serious decisions , but for now they were unable to make substancial differences . 
  `` democracy would be banned if it ever threatened to change anything '', 
  requests like these remind me of that robot chicken short of the emperor learning the death star was destroyed . 
  `` oh just rebuild it ? 
  oh real fucking original !, 
  who 's gon na give me a loan , jackhole , you ? 
  you got an atm on that torso lite-brite ? '', 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f1d3qwsyk0 ) it is . 
  nothing is ever fixed because there is actually nothing that can be fixed . 
  we insist that our governments have to fix the economy while we just came out of 50 years of slow corrosion of the political power in favor of the economic power . 
  how can a politician `` fix '' the debt when he has barely any control over it ? 
  how can he bring further economic growth when he has no say in the economy itself ? 
  we should n't tell our politicians to fix the economy , we should require our billionaires , our stock holders , our banks to do so . 
  they are the cause and the only possible solution . 
  why are n't these guys then taking steps to make things better ? 
  after all a capitalist can only benefit from a growing economy . 
  well they are not accountable to the citizens of the eu , in fact they are accountable only to themselves . 
  so why do we insist so much on having governments accountable to their electorate while we turn a blind eye on the actions of the ones that hold actual power ? 
  whatcha talking about citizen ? 
  do n't you see the economy is going to fall apart if we do n't keep imposing old policies that already failed plenty of times before ? 
  also russia is scary again so please be scared and stop thinking . 
  i would n't consider the approval of reagan as a positive thing , in all honesty . 
  for me schengen , for italy i have honestly no clue . 
  the referendum objective was to give the government more power . 
  all the other changes it was meant to do were only placebo meant to show goodwill to the electorate . 
  do n't get me wrong , renzi was better than the average , but was still a slimy arrogant prick . 
  his referendum was meant to give him more room to manouver , but the problem was not how much the government can do , it 's how much was ( and is ) willing to do and right now is zero . 
  our current politicians do n't care about anything beyond their paycheck . 
  even renzi , who did a lot of work for our politicians standard , barely tackled any real problem . 
  so no , income inequality will remain high , organized crime and corruption in the government will remain high and we will keep pointing our fingers at the poor sods crossing the mediterranean . 
  a numbers of factors . 
  we have very low social mobility , slow judicial system , public insitutions which function barely enough and politicians straight out of the roman republic . 
  you know the one that keeps the big ponzi scheme we like to call capitalism running . 
  ahhhh , i was beginning to miss the lists where we scored the worst . 
  ehi greece , nice to see you guys around again !, 
  for anyone curious vicenza has an ancient reputation of eating cats . 
  still remembered today in this rhyme ( it 's in venetian , not italian ) : & nbsp ; venessiani gran signori padovani gran dotori visentini magna gati veronesi tuti mati trevisani pan e tripe rovig\u00f2ti baco e pipe bergamaschi brusacristi !, 
  & nbsp ; venetians , great lords paduans , great doctors vicenza [ citizens ] , cat eaters verona [ citizens ] , all crazy treviso [ citizens ] , bread and tripe rovigo [ citizens ] , wine and smoke bergamo [ citizens ] , godless ( literally christ burners ) and belluno ? 
  poor belluno you really are of none !, 
  well let 's say we still exist as a geopolitical entity . 
  we 'll never be truly free from his legacy , so might as well use it for a laugh !, 
  pfft you just jelly, 
  ehhh could be worse ... we survived 20 years of berlusconi . 
  and feel free to diss to your heart 's content , shitting on our government is the national sport here . 
  first they came for our internet . 
  then they came for our history . 
  [ ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ] ( https://media.tenor.co/images/125b64fbf8c2eae054f266cf6465f19f/tenor.gif ), 
  another problem is that there are so many layers behind a company as big as one able to produce an os that it would be pretty impossible for a normal user to know if he is being spied upon or not . 
  on idpol i agree with you , but what was i talking about was more on theft of personal information rather than that . 
  that said yes , often identity politics are used as an excuse to censor or otherwise demonize the opposition . 
  still it does n't reach the masses and so it leaves open the door to awful tactics such as this . 
  not saying that linux is perfect , but better on this than microsoft . 
  there 's a big difference though .
