  i 'm ashamed to say it took me an entire minute to get the joke . 
  welcome to the po valley . 
  mind the step . 
  yeah u/frequenttimetraveler said something similar . 
  damn if it is n't complicated . 
  honestly i 'm surprised anyone could be actually elected , considering the technology they had . 
  yeah `` acqua alta '' ( high water ) is a big problem , we tried to protect venice with the mose system , which is a series of movable bulkheads meant to stop the rising water to enter the lagoon . 
  it does n't really work well though . 
  who needs cities when you can bribe your way to diplomatic victory !, 
  it 's also a lot bigger , 800k aganist 60k ( 180k at its peak ) , but it 's also younger . 
  ( 13th century ) that said the two cities are very similar , surprised they 're not twin cities . 
  well , venice is not a capital , maybe that 's the reason . 
  oh thank you for posting this . 
  i really wanted to go into details in the workings of venice political machine , but i though it would be too much . 
  nah , you 're right , it did n't turn out well . 
  i know , i was trying to be funny . 
  i always have half a panic attack when i switch between italian and english keyboards . 
  not post ww3 though !, 
  just sayin ... 
  we still have a far left ? 
  ah we just like to complain , but we 're way too lazy to act on it . 
  jokes aside it might be a big problem . 
  i think it comes from the fact that in world war 2 the nazi and so the germans were regarded as the sole instigators of the war . 
  germany admitted its crimes and proceeded to integrate in its education measures to prevent that from happening again . 
  italy and japan ( and other nazi allies ) instead were , relatively speaking , small fish , only some of the fault rubbed off , so we got the luxury of avoiding international hate , while we too should have had enforced education programs to stump out fascist-like propaganda . 
  yes we did not kill nearly as many jews as the nazi , but we did our massacres too and we should accept that as germany did . 
  well , that 's an interesting image . 
  oh come on france is not that bad . 
  you have no idea . 
  fortunately the dc ( democrazia cristiana , christian democracy ) , the party promoted ( read controlled ) by the church died some time ago , unfortunately 20 years under them left the country pretty devastated on a cultural level . 
  well we can thank the catholic church !, 
  at least we 're better than san marino, 
  ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder896/500x/46518896.jpg ), 
  those are five . 
  not six . 
  five . 
  indeed . 
  and we would have gotten away with it , if it were n't for you , meddling yankees !, 
  well the first time worked . 
  kinda . 
  wait ... 
  there 's a buffet ? 
  why has none told me this ? 
  and what would that resolve ? 
  if we close italy they 'll go throught spain . 
  if we close spain they 'll go throught greece again . 
  it ai n't that easy . 
  more than stupidity it 's despair and hope that 's being exploited . 
  i 'm pretty sure by now they all know they are in the hands of criminals , but they do n't see any other way . 
  just to have then back on a ship a week later ? 
  what would resolve ? 
  beside you ca n't fight illegal immigration with deportation . 
  at least i am not willing to do so . 
  that 's easier said than done . 
  we 're not ferrying people , we 're rescuing then from sinking boats . 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  blow up any unauthorized ship and kill hundred of civilians ? 
  these numbers are nothing new to us . 
  we has to deal with illegal immigrants using our country as a door for france or germany for dedades . 
  good to know that our fellow europeans get interested only when the fire reach then . 
  and there goes the last remaining faith in our fellow humans i had for the day . 
  the problem is not only that the government is unable to manage the situation . 
  it 's that organized crime is taking up the business . 
  we can not let it fester uncontrolled, 
  [ and i pay !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8jdwcdkwli ), 
  it 's a rare kind of privilege, 
  well said . 
   it is known how to do fission fusion right ? 
  that 's what they want you to think !, 
  interesting you did not mention pizza . 
  am i to believe you do n't like it ? 
  should i call the inquisition to deal with this heresy ? 
  nice username btw . 
  ahah do n't worry , i 'm an expert too in embarrasing typos . 
  the spikes are there because you 're not continously building new reactors , you build one , you test it , you build another one . 
  and the length is extrapolated by the data already collected . 
  you ca n't predict when you will discover something , but you can guess a time frame . 
  at least it 's not negative . 
  [ it 's something ] ( https://static01.nyt.com/images/2016/08/05/us/05onfire1_xp/05onfire1_xp-master768-v2.jpg ), 
  but ... 
  i mean what ... 
  i am i being trolled ? 
  if that 's the case , bravo . 
  i fell for it . 
   our supposed allies stub us in the back i 'm sorry i know it 's a typo , but now i am seeing germany and france stubbing their toes on greece . 
  this is exactly how caesar conquered gallia . 
  well we can continue if you want !, 
  you ... you ` murican !, 
  i 'm sorry i 'm not good at this stereotyping thing, 
  as usual , we are highly diverse and ca n't get to agree to anything . 
  0:58 and 1:08 of the video . 
  i mean it was not even two minutes of video , could n't you watch it ? 
  well unless my italian eyes are failing me it was clearly stated that the european union is aware and fully supporting all of this . 
  edit : typos, 
  i knew it !, 
  it 's always the brits !, 
  was n't it [ busto arsizio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk07jhwqdye ) . 
  nothing personal , mate . 
  but it was a good burn .
