well it can be arranged, 
   the eu has an unfortunate habit of regulating things with less than absolute regard for globalist corporations . 
  yes , it 's a terrible crime indeed !, 
  but do not worry my friend , soon our beloved european government will sign ttip or whatever other commercial pact will come next and our corporate overlords will have their due . 
  i 'll be really disappointed if such organization is not called xcom, 
  well , italy has quite a low urban population ( 67 % urbanization level against the 85 % of sweden for example ) , also italian territory is highly mountainous ( 40 % of italy are mountains and another 40 % are hills ) , so it is true also for italy what you said about low urbanized areas . 
  i do not agree on the fact that big countries spend less compared to small ones , mainly because the infrastructure and burocracy that you have to build and maintain to manage a big number of citizens outweights its easier access to resources and specialized labor . 
  by the way i 'm not trying to brag about my country position in the list by diminishing others , honestly we do n't deserve that spot , we 're there only because we have a high life expenctancy and we recently had to cut health care funding for the austerity measures , just like spain and greece . 
  edit for formatting and typos, 
  well forgive me if i 'm wrong , but scotland has been on the verge of leaving the union for quite a while now , just like uk with europe . 
  the parallels are a bit too close to pretend not to have some extra saltiness for a while . 
  you 're not wrong though . 
  well i admit i 'm not a civil engineer and you seem more knowledgeable than me in the matter , so i 'll trust you on this one . 
  they did have piping ( rome had a lot of lead pipes in the underground , some theories actually suggests that part of the decline of the empire is due to mass lead poisoning ) what they did n't have was a way to put the water under pressure , so they had to use gravity . 
  honestly i see a lot more english posters on the defensive than european poster actively propagating this `` english bad , everyone else good '' narrative you 're talking about . 
  btw i never liked your tea . 
  well comparing the health care system of a country of 60 million people ( italy for example ) to one of 7 ( hk ) is a bit unfair . 
  unfair to both : to the bigger one because it is far easier to manage a relatively small number of people , to the smaller one because of the huge disparity of resouces . 
  good thing the us plotted against our italian communist party during the cold war !, 
  we avoided having to deal with a deeply corrupted and incompetent government !, 
  interesting , in italian it means chariot . 
  hope for the best , prepare for the worst !, 
  oh stop it you !, 
  but i was thinking more like lazy slobs , mafia dogs , corrupted to the core ... am i forgetting something ? 
  ah i 'm sorry i did n't mean to be pedantic . 
  interesting thought that some roman spirit remained still after 500 years since the fall of costantinople . 
  the finishing blow was from the turks , but the final nail in the coffin for the byzantine empire was actually the fourth crusade which was manipulated by the venetian republic into attacking constantinople . 
  after that the turks had a relatively easy time invading greece . 
  actualy historically neither eastern nor byzantine was actually used to refer to the byzantine empire , they referred to themselves as romans . 
  the division in the roman empire was purely burocratic in nature . 
  both empires considered themselves still as fully romans . 
  being italian is not a walk in the park either, 
  i do n't know honestly ... is it really right wing ? 
  r/european was extreme right wing and got stomped to death . 
  i do agree that immigration is a complex issue thought , i still have n't made up my mind about it, 
  oh i 'm sorry , i 'm writing on mobile . 
  there 's also a lot of latin in the english language , a lor more t ` han one would think, 
  the whole system is built around debt !, 
  it 's the new `` controlled inflation solves everything '' economic mantra . 
  we have accumulated debt amounting several times the total wealth of the planet . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  so ... how long until the next `` completely unexpected '' economic crisis ? 
  i 'm surprised they even admitted they failed , considering the usual policy of hiding important economic factors in order to not scare the public . 
  oh but i 'm sure another 20-30 years of austerity will fix this . 
  three meals a day is definitely a luxury the lower classes should not afford . 
  i do n't agree that a free market is necessarely the best way . 
  just look at how many technologies are actually funded by the governments rather than private companies . 
  the heart of scientific progress is still within universities and they are still largely under government funding . 
  what i would like to be free would be information , rather than the freedom to commoditize and trade everything . 
   in any case however literally everyone will benefit from a free market aside from third world sweatshops slaves and serfs , but they 're barely people really . 
   just look at how many people on social security own smartphones , pcs and big flat screen tvs today . 
  so you are saying that having the basic necessities to get out of their situations is indication of how well the system is working ? 
  owning a smartphone and a pc is not sign of wealth , without them you will struggle to get any job at all , not to mention increasing one 's chances of getting a better life , which fall to zero . 
  and tv 's ? 
  oh boys those poor fucks better be grateful they have a way of escaping the misery of their lives , better remind them of how generous we all are by pointing it out . 
  who 's to thank though ? 
  that 's the question yu have to ask yourself . 
  `` if you ca n't beat them , join them ! '', 
  after all politicians do not respond to their electorate in any meaningful way . 
  inb4 `` if you work hard enough , you can be rich too '' and `` they 're just lazy fucks '', 
  well technically !, 
  following them from the witcher 1 and been a fan ever since . 
  i got to know the game through the `` no punctuation '' review of the first game , which incidentally is also where the pc master race thing was coined . 
  i like to think it 's because of cd project red . 
  god bless those magnificent bastards . 
  something something soviet union obviously . 
  it 's not like there can be other explanations . 
  the big red scarecrow is always there to explain the unexplainable . 
   italy , greece : grow up , will you ? 
  make me !, 
  and here i was thinking he had something to do with the world wars ... til as well . 
  3/9 so a third of the reason . 
  plus a 1/9 from berlusconi . 
  yay i guess ... 
  wait ... we 're better than france and germany ? 
  is this real life ? 
  oh wait three out of six most famous people are football players . 
  everything makes sense now . 
  prepare for ... unforeseen consequences . 
  i would much rather prefer to praise the people that actually contributed to the unification of italy . 
  people like mazzini and garibaldi and even cavour . 
  and you 're not correct on ww1 , the king may have had pro-german sentiment , but after the failed negotiations wit the central powers he supported the war with the allies option . 
  oh and salandra as well supported the neutrality with germany , but again the problem was that austria and italy could not reconcile and so our government took the best offer they had . 
  yeah !, 
  now i feel like a moron ... 
  the ostrogothic kingdom is probably the best example of italian kingdom . 
  unfortunately justinian in its ambition scorched italy and wiped out the last hope for any unified latin italy . 
  history would have been a lot different if italy managed to remain united , even under the byzantine empire . 
  after all during the late medieval period and the reinassance the city states were very rich . 
  edit : fixed a small major error . 
  you mean at starbucks ? 
  it 's not like we have no reason to refuse to acknowledge our old monarchy . 
  after all they dragged the country into ww1 and happily handed the government to mussolini twenty years later , when the socialists threatened to remove them . 
  i can not get that song out of my head damn it . 
  shhh that 's just the invisible hand doings its magic . 
  yeah . 
  blind support for the global market is good only for big industrialists and stock brokers . 
  the rest of the population can go fuck itself . 
  soo ... the best way to combat high level tax evasion is to give up ? 
  seems fair .
