  if we think in terms of risks undertaken then ceos should be the top earners . 
  it 's not a simple problem . 
  that 's not completely correct . 
  fiscal policy is not monetary policy . 
  fiscal policy the management of taxes and expenditures , monetary policy is the management of the currency supply and value , etc. 
  you do make a good point though . 
  the main problem with the euro is this divide between monetary policies , determined by bruxelles , and fiscal policies , determined by the national governments . 
  we will solve the matter only when one of the two entities has the control of both . 
   cataclysmic m5s win seeing grillo lately i 'm starting to think even he now thinks a m5s presidency would be a disaster . 
  you raise an interesting point and the very one that made me jump from social democracy to socialism . 
  there 's no amount of regulations that can fix a system that thrives on inequality and exploitation . 
  you either do too little and fail to make any significant change or too much and cause more damage than what was healed . 
  the solution is to change the rules , not slightly tweak them . 
  that said i would say class and income divide should be kept in check , as the health of the market is directly infuenced by the health of the consumer base . 
  he was trump before it was cool . 
  there is actually an ancient debate still going on from the foundation of our country if it 's better the current anthem , mameli 's [ brothers of italy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3rtobymtta ) or verdi 's [ va pensiero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1jn--tqssc ), 
  you cheeky dick waffle . 
  he also was the one giving the republic of venice the coup de grace . 
  i have conflicting feelings about him , but mostly he was a cool guy . 
   what kind of sexual education did you get in school ? 
  the kinky kind . 
  jokes aside nothing at all . 
  not sure if we did it or not , i may have simply skipped it . 
  it 's been a while and with my score frequency i would n't have used what was said anyway ... ... yeah, 
  i would say centre left rather than socialist . 
  social democracy if you want . 
  unfortunately i do n't agree . 
  socially yes , the sub is quite liberal , but economically it tends to go more towards the right . 
   4000 $ for a year ? 
  4k a month . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/basicincome/wiki/index ) tou can see where i took the figure from . 
  just go to the `` how much would ubi be '' section . 
  the video did talk of the experiments the mit did , financed by the federal reserve . 
   in that video they assume money are not a useful motivator in some type of activities in any activity that requires a minimum level of cognitive abilities , so pretty much 100 % of modern day jobs . 
  even if you consider all manufacturing jobs purely mechanical they are still only 10 % of the employed workforce , so in 90 % of the jobs we have now money is not a sufficient motivator . 
  you refer to austerity ? 
  of course debt is bad , but the government is dependent on the health of its economy for its income , is it not ? 
  how can you pretend to pay off your debt if you are starving your cash flow more and more every day ? 
  just look at how the us got out of the great depression with the new deal !, 
  it did not apply absurd auterity measures , quite the contrary !, 
  it distributed money to the working population throught welfare programs and by creating jobs through government funded projects . 
  it got that money taxing the elite , not the consumers . 
   why is it going to be necessary ? 
  you just wrote two terms without explaining what ubi has to do with them . 
  those are the two big problems we will have to face in the next decade . 
  we have an aging population , while our birth rates are low ( italy and germany are the worst in europe in this ) , this means in the near future an increase in spending to cover the pensions of the extra elderly and less working people because of the shrinking young population so less taxes for the government to cover such spending ( not to mention healthcare costs as well ) . 
  the other big problem is that the automation revolution is coming in and fast , even now we can already automate 50 % of our workforce , with current technology . 
  and it 's not only low skill jobs that can be automated : doctors , lawyers , engineers , journalists , musicians , with technology we have now we can automate many of the jobs in these areas . 
  the problem with automation is pretty obvious : it takes away jobs from the job market and that again means less taxes for the government , as well as less people able to afford to spend so it 's a loss even for companies because of the shrinkage of the consumer base . 
  now what would ubi do to tackle these issues ? 
  well it wo n't solve them entirely , but it wll greatly increase social stability . 
  ubi would provide financial security for everyone , which will inevitably bring more people to form families and procreate . 
  also this financial stabilty would allow many more people to create their own businesses or get an education , after all if you know that you wo n't starve to death or get thrown out of your house if things go wrong , you are much more likely to take risks . 
  not to mention ubi would keep a healthy consumer base , allowing for more companies to operate . 
  now for automation , ubi would avoid cutting off from the job market people that had their job automated . 
  it would allow them to have the time to retrain and become again productive members of society . 
   what does that mean ? 
  on what arguments do you base this statement ? 
  well there are may arguments to be made on the likely collapse of the `` free market '' model we have operated on in the last 50 years , mainly because of the information revolution . 
  i like this small summary from the guardian : - first , it has reduced the need for work , blurred the edges between work and free time and loosened the relationship between work and wages . 
  the coming wave of automation , currently stalled because our social infrastructure can not bear the consequences , will hugely diminish the amount of work needed -- not just to subsist but to provide a decent life for all . 
  - second , information is corroding the market 's ability to form prices correctly . 
  that is because markets are based on scarcity while information is abundant . 
  the system 's defence mechanism is to form monopolies -- the giant tech companies -- on a scale not seen in the past 200 years , yet they can not last . 
  by building business models and share valuations based on the capture and privatisation of all socially produced information , such firms are constructing a fragile corporate edifice at odds with the most basic need of humanity , which is to use ideas freely . 
  - third , we 're seeing the spontaneous rise of collaborative production : goods , services and organisations are appearing that no longer respond to the dictates of the market and the managerial hierarchy . 
  the biggest information product in the world -- wikipedia -- is made by volunteers for free , abolishing the encyclopedia business and depriving the advertising industry of an estimated $ 3bn a year in revenue . 
  these are only a part of the bigger problem in my opinion , but they are already enough to menace the traditional model we use now . 
  it 's not like they are a mystery , you can google them . 
  ubi as i see it is a substitute for all welfare programs ( aside from government run institutions like healthcare and education ) . 
  considering the savings from merging all welfare programs ( so less bureaucracy and more efficiency ) into ubi it wo n't actually cost that much more than what you already pay . 
  also the best taxt to tackle the problem is an added value tax , so a tax not on income or vat that weights on the worker , but a tax on the surplus value produced by said worker . 
  the advantage of such tax is that it would also cover robotic labour . 
   there will be people who will quit their shitty jobs for the basic income and start their own businesses or finally have the stability to go and educate themselves . 
  ubi would decrease employment in the short term , but would greatly increase it in the mid-long term . 
  a ubi has the advantage to avoid that awkward spot of being employed is barely better if at all than being unemployed . 
  what you ear at work is all added value to the worker , so you would actually be more interested in a low paying job with a ubi rather than the unemployment benefits system we have now . 
   how much money could be this income ? 
  for the us it was estimated it can be as high as 4000 $ without increased spending if ubi substitutes current welfare programs . 
   could it be a wide spreading of low pay jobs ? 
  you mean if we would see more low paying jobs ? 
  absolutely , but we would see a great increase of self employment as well as cooperatives , which are arguably better than traditional companies . 
   how these low pay jobs could maintain a decent level of productivity given that workers are not stimulated by other incentives ? 
  money is one of the worst motivators , actually . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgkkpqirrag ) explains what i mean . 
  you have n't been to eastern europe my friend . 
  visit us sometime , but do n't stay in the cities , go to the east . 
  read what i said . 
  are these people literally sitting on their asses all day ? 
  or are they doing the bare minimum to survive and then go do whatever they like ? 
  even the laziest person in existence has a hobby that likes to throw effort into . 
  the problem is not that people do n't want to work , the problem is that they do n't see themselves in their work , so they do n't care if it 's done or not . 
   how do you get people involved in scrubbing dirt off of things ? 
  how do you get people involved in working in mines ? 
  social cooperation and automation . 
  i guess someone cleans your house , it may be you or one of your relatives or your loved one , now expand it to your neighborhood . 
  you can meet and democratically divide the work to keep your area clean . 
  also for mines this is a non problem . 
  now barely 1 % of the population is involved in mining . 
  you can easily automate most of it and pay a decent salary for the remaining jobs .
