  i was just talking about the stereotype . 
  i 'm hoping for a cold winter with lots and lots of snow . 
  the last two winters have been a bit depressing with nothing but rain and slush . 
  add not seeing the sun for months on end and it gets pretty dull . 
  but snow fixes everything about it !, 
  yeah , usually it 's finland that is alcoholic and sad but i think the dark winters bring sadness jokes to all nordics to some degree . 
  depends on what is needed for the joke . 
  [ nordic winter summed up ] ( https://i.imgur.com/mbtuzjw.jpg ), 
   only sadness and \u00f8l ... 
  confirmed scandinavian . 
  sounds fun , plz gib clay !, 
  i second this !, 
  i wish there were more quality tv-shows from the german point of view . 
  uhh , not sure why you think winter war is especially boring . 
  you could pretty much say that about every war . 
  `` trees everywhere and americans crouching in foxholes '' etc. 
  yes , according to this piece of news a reunification of a family of four requires a salary of 2600e ( which is below finnish average ) . 
  both parents are counted towards this goal , so if the spouse coming from e.g. 
  iraq has a job readily lined up for them that is ok . 
  the reason for refusing a 1500e salary for reunification of spouse and two kids is that you can not support a family of four in finland with that kind of money , finland just is that expensive . 
  so the reunified family would still end up on welfare . 
  apparently the ministry has placed the minimun on a level that requires no welfare which is better for finland but worse for the refugees . 
  as / u/cat _ in_the_ass said it depends on many factors . 
  i 'd expect a finnish university graduate programmer to earn somewhere around 3500e/month . 
  at least the union page says so . 
  yes , it 's true that cleaning is one of the most available occupations for immigrants/refugees . 
  a refugee with no finnish skills was a cleaner at my former workplace . 
  i think you can just link to them and people who are interested can use a translator . 
  wow that is messed up , especially cleaning apprenticeship sounds horrible . 
  this is the same thing that employers require 10 years of experience from 20 year old applicants . 
  luckily i do n't think it is as bad in finland as you said . 
  at one place i used to work at we had a refugee cleaning that did n't know finnish at all . 
  really ? 
  i would be quite shocked if i went to a restaurant and the waiter could n't speak finnish to me . 
  is this true ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  the article speaks of 30 000 people so it is very misleading if it is only about the quota refugees . 
  i ca n't find any statistics on how many refugees learn finnish so i ca n't speak with facts . 
  but i 've read from the news that many of them drop out from finnish courses and stick to others speaking the same language as they do . 
  i may have been wrong with what i said earlier about learning the language . 
  your personal experiences have been good , which is really nice . 
  but it ca n't be extrapolated to all refugees . 
  i 've only ever met one refugee and he did n't speak one word of finnish . 
  he was a cleaner at our company so no language skills were required . 
  but i do n't mean that based on him no one learns finnish !, 
  yes , but still everyday work is done in finnish . 
  you do n't hear english on the factory floor . 
  no problem !, 
  i have n't read it anywhere but i 'm sure that they can choose which language test ( finnish or swedish ) they take . 
  i used the same headline as the finnish state run yle news agency used . 
  this website is n't some rightwing nutjob conspiracy site but run by the finnish government . 
  refugees get free language courses and other social integration courses . 
  did you even bother to read the article ? 
   for example the ministry is well aware of the improbability of family members coming from iraq or syria being able to meet the finnish language requirement . 
   `` it 's highly unlikely that this would end up in the regulations , '' tuunanen said . 
  i think you are mixing refugees to regular immigrants . 
  nothing stops eu citizens from moving here and working and others from getting a visa and coming here . 
  about working in finland in english : very hard . 
  the only field that i can think of that has lots of english speaking workers is programming . 
  almost all work places are filled with finnish speaking people so it is almost impossible to find work without knowledge of finnish . 
  that 's unfortunately true . 
  it is likely that most of them will be unemployed for the rest of their lives in finland . 
  every party is publicly welcoming as many refugees as possible , not wanting refugees is not politically correct . 
  but i imagine behind the scenes all government parties want the flow of immigrants to stop and that is where we get this kind of requirements . 
  usually the finns party has been against immigration but once they got a government seat they also have been quite quiet about this . 
  the greens and the left want to bring everyone to finland but they 're in opposition . 
  i think the public opinion is against taking any more refugees . 
  there have been lots of negative news lately regarding refugees ( rape , crime etc. ), 
  which propably affects the public opinion . 
  i do n't have any study about the real opinions though . 
  yes , it 's the same here . 
  not much unskilled labour needed , mainly just cleaning and telemarketing ( requires finnish language ) . 
  maybe the newcomers could be put to school once they have a grasp of the language ? 
  that 's true , usually they neither learn the language nor get a job . 
  maybe this drives a change in that too . 
  there is n't a minimum wage by law in finland per se , unions regulate wages . 
  as an example for a `` minimun wage worker '' , a cleaner might earn something around 1500e monthly if they get full hours . 
  median wage is around 3000e which reguires that you have a school diploma , for example an electrician or a plumber . 
  sounds good to me , stops unemployed refugees bringing more unemployed people here . 
  also makes them learn the language . 
  if they have a job and are able to support their family , reunification should n't be much of a problem . 
  [ ask and you shall receive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0eo02fc_qe ), 
  relevant from finland : [ roudasta rospuuttoon ( english subtitles ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuyfg9xopkk ), 
  i recently watched [ unsere m\u00fctter , unsere v\u00e4ter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generation_war ) , a phenomenal ww2 miniseries from germany . 
  now they ca n't move around the country and disappear unregistered . 
  now sweden ca n't put them on trains and ship them to finland as they 've already applied for asylum . 
  absolutely , but for some reason this is completely unthinkable to our politicians . 
  the next best thing is sweden closing their borders , so i 'm just glad this finally happened . 
  yes , but after sweden has sent the lot of them currently in sweden here the flow should stop . 
  from another [ article ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20151111/sweden-set-to-mount-border-checks ) :  according to ygeman the introduction of border controls means that refugees coming to sweden face three choices : to return to the country they came from , seek asylum in sweden or , for those just passing through sweden , to choose a different route to their final destination . 
  sounds pretty good , no more uncontrolled masses of migrants . 
  they can still apply for asylum in sweden though but now it is controlled . 
  thank goodness , this is going to lower the flow of migrants to finland so much . 
  the immigrant situation in sweden is neither their responsibility nor their problem . 
  in fact you are asking others to solve your problems . 
  [ kari tapio - being born in finland is a lottery win ( 1990 ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03qbzik2erq ), 
  that is just false . 
  the tax rate would be around 30-40 % with 70k $ income without any tax deductions . 
  the archive is pretty hard to use but there sure are good pictures . 
  reminds me of this photo ( ca n't find it in the archive but i 'm sure it 's there somewhere ) : [ finnish soldiers walking past a destroyed t34 , june 1944 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9b/tali-ihantala.jpg ) edit : found it in the archive [ too ] ( http://sa-kuva.fi/neo?tem=webneo_image_preview_max&amp;lang=eng&amp;doc_id=7aa7d22560264217c056f6e930400d0a&amp;archive= ),
