  what i did wrong was to get too comfortable with my team and not replace players whose form declined . 
  my biggest bummer was probably picking up cisse instead of kane when they started to show promise . 
  why is aston villa listed above newcastle ? 
  tv 2 sumo also has the fa and league cups, 
  they are very good with apps . 
  you get them on android , windows 8/8 .1 / 10 , xbox and probably more ... 
  i just heard of this site yesterday : http://ntv.mx, 
  i do n't know anything about it yet . 
  seems like a good deal , but i would do some more research before signing up for it . 
  none at the moment . 
  i think we 'll be conceding to much to bring in janmaat . 
  i think de jong could be a bargain if i scores and assist a few goals . 
  he 's pretty cheap , definitely worth considering as a 5th midfielder . 
  wijnaldum could be great , but at his price i consider him to risky at the moment . 
  well , there are some rumors of manutd snapping up kane , so if that is ongoing , spurs would want a replacement . 
  very cool project , i want to give it a shot myself . 
  about that lightbulb socket/base , what did you use and how did you secure it ? 
  i 've been looking online and found a few g10 sockets that might work . 
  it looks like you used a e14 socket , is that correct ? 
  edit : i would also like to know the approx dimensions of it if it 's not to much to ask . 
  my eye measurement would guess 25 x 25 x 20 cm ... 
  thanks . 
  i 've ordered a few `` bits and bobs '' from china , will try to integrate a dimmer into the base . 
  i 'm struggling a bit to find the veneer , but think i 'll find it eventually . 
  i 'll let you know how it turns out . 
  cheers . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and guess this is the one : http://fantasyyirma.com/2015/08/10/newcastle-2-2-southampton-10-things-we-learned-about-newcastle/, 
  i hope so too , but looking at our previous matches against swansea , it does n't look too good . 
  ldllllwd . 
  let 's blame pardew for those ... 
  and thinking that facebook bought whatsapp for ~ $ 19 billion . 
  that 's crazy !, 
  who fucked up ? 
  colo ? 
  haidara ? 
  just the one ... 
  that would be so epic . 
  i still play ron with friends every now and then , and been hoping for an new release , even though i did n't believe it . 
  do n't mention rol . 
  i know it 's tuesday and all , but why do we call him shteve ? 
  is it his pronunciations ? 
  what did i do wrong since i 'm not on the list ? 
  apparently i won both my matches , but i ca n't find my name on that list . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  got it confused with the official / r/fantasypl h2h league, 
  edit : i 'm on the waiting list to join next gw , 
   piplay os, 
  any reason you chose piplay over retropie ? 
  i 've never heard of piplay before ... 
  unless you have played the original halo games , it 's not worth it . 
  i fell for the hype ( on a good deal though ) , and i tried them but i just do n't find them enjoyable . 
  they were probably pretty rad when they were new , but now , very monotone and lack of variation . 
  i do believe that those who liked the originals do enjoy the nostalgic feeling of playing them now , as i do when i play old games from my childhood . 
  personally , i put a bet against us , i usually do . 
  that way , i `` always win '' . 
  however , i think this is n't as far fetched as the odds wants it to be . 
  manu have n't looked that sharp this year , and they played yesterday . 
  no doubts they will be favorites , but even a draw is a tempting bet . 
  on the other hand , i never bet on draws . 
  for the record , my betting history is about 1:10 profit , but these are not usually the matches i win on . 
  i play a combination of several likely results with a default bet ~ # 10 ( 100 nok ) . 
  i also once lost ~ # 500-600 on a manu-liverpool game . 
  that was the time when gerrard and torres were the core of liverpool , and they were both reportedly out . 
  torres played and scored the only goal . 
  another home game , neat . 
  could it be related to your dpi scaling ? 
  odd has already given up and will not field their best team . 
  chances are good that dortmund will score 3 + goals , but they might also take it easy and just cruise through . 
  the coach said so after the 3-4 defeat at home in norwagian media , their focus will be the league as he sees the chances of advancement practically zero . 
  well , dortmund is still way better than odd , the goals against was totally against the gameplay last week . 
  not sure , just thought you should know . 
  i think i had the same thing . 
  in my case it was because i 'd created a pin code which they recommended to me . 
  i removed that , and entered my ms password and username into the netplwiz thing . 
  logs straight in on my computers . 
  i just briefly see my account pic during login now which is automatic . 
  here 's what i did , i ended up going for the black wall color and cabinet which i 'm very happy with . 
  however , no room for any big stb devices . 
  i only approve of the eu megaman 2 cover , even though it 's not exactly spot on : http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/9/93770/2362040-nes_megaman2_eu.jpg, 
  thank you som much , i beleive this will do . 
  just hope they ship internationally . 
  turns out they did n't ship norway , not even from their ebay account . 
  however , i figured out it was n't needed as it only function as a noise filter . 
  back to sanding  : /, 
  probably like this :, 
  janmaat , mbemba , colo , ha\u00efdara, 
  i 've used it on oem and retail installs . 
  just remove or alter the ei.cfg . 
  edit : the url is similar for the win10 install that so may have used already : https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10, 
  and if you want the windows 8.1 version : https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows8, 
  in this photo , it actually looks quite nice , dunno if it 's the angle or the render . 
  bezels looks slimmer than in other photos to me . 
  lol . 
  not exactly , but looks similar , so i guess you 're right . 
  they have added speakers in the top and the bottom . 
  but on a closer look , you can see the screen is not straight in the top of the pic . 
  obviously shopped . 
  same here , always another upgrade right around the corner . 
  just got my tiger vii tank . 
  also working on the german destroyer , jagdpanzer i think , vi , but it 's so shit that i do n't like playing with it .
