  it tried to explain to a couple of locals that i was from norway , but it seemed that their limited geography knowledge was limited to england , usa and new york . 
  i tried to describe in so many ways , and also showed them a horrible map on my symbian nokia back then . 
  no luck there . 
  i 'd swap keepers and wisodom or hutton for baines if i were u. . . 
  edit : added hutton as alternative, 
  was that sarcastic ? 
  there 's no way everton is gon na keep a clean sheet against city , so baines can expect 1-2 pts unless he 's involved in a goal . 
  hutton or wisdom are more likely to keep a clean sheet , so is myhill over fabianski imo . 
  in case you wer n't sarcastic , id keep all three forwards if i were u. 
  have costa and aguero myself and think i 'll captain aguero . 
  do n't know why you are downvoted . 
  saw this myself , carrol was clearly offside on that goal . 
  edit : apparently , goalkicks are excluded from the offside rule . 
  oh , did n't know that goalkicks were exceptions from the offside rule . 
  til . 
  i 'm considering keeping him on the sideline . 
  unless he drops a lot in price , that sell will cost me 0.5 m to bring him back . 
  on the other hand , when he eventually comes back , he 'll probably just play ~ 20mins in his first matches . 
  have to decide and maybe take a -4 pts hit . 
  i just did the same , already have taylor and siggi , got in bony for aguero , and i 'm sure i 'll regret it soon . 
  we have almost identical teams , and i was considering getting in kane , but chose cisse ( i 'm biased :p ), 
  is there much difference ? 
  i seem to recall that performance was n't worth considering , just most gb / $ . 
  unless you 're using it for else than external game drive . 
  planning myself to buy 2tb wd my passport ultra usb3 5400rpm ... 
  easy wisdom imo . 
  newcastle have big problems defensively , and might have to start with their 4th keeper from the academy . 
  they had 4 goals backwards yesterday against spurs , 4 against arsenal last saturday . 
  in addition to that , pardews record against the mackems is horrible . 
  wisdom has a decent chance of getting a clean sheet . 
  i so badly want to do this with a crt , never heard about using a xbox for this . 
  i 've got a xbox 360 lying around , is that usable ? 
  i 've also got an old htpc with a intel c2d e8400 cpu , think it 's short of a gpu though . 
  found a few free crts on the free market ... hmm , new project for me ? 
  edit : what about sound system ? 
  i 've always imagined putting in a couple of 6,5 '' or 6x9 '' 3-way speakers and a amp . 
  that way it could also be used as a `` jukebox '' in the mancave , 
  i did , but i also had arsenal . 
  fuckin skrtl ruined it 6 min overtime . 
  it even has a toothpick holder . 
  is it to late to move it to another country ? 
  i 'm still hoping that 'll happen , sooner rather than later . 
  jarl borg also , thorbj\u00f8rn harr ( norway ) . 
  damn , this one is creepy , http://i.imgur.com/cmbgwd4.jpg looks like a skull . 
  why ? 
  i once was in denmark , watching a swedish program on a norwegian tv channel about finland . 
  then i went out and got drunk . 
  so you 're saying they 're buying him and not playing him ? 
  he 's been offered no 16 , and in spain you can only play with the first team if you have between 1 and 25 . 
  read the article http://www.vg.no/sport/spansk-fotball/reports-to-vg-oedegaard-in-madrid-to-close-real-deal/a/23368928/, 
  maybe i was n't clear , but he will be unavailable for castilla unless they give him a higher shirt number . 
  what the future brings is hard to predict , but i think they rather loan him out than put him on castilla . 
  obviously , he wo n't get much play time in the beginning , maybe a few matches where they have a comfortable lead at the 80th minute and a few cup games . 
  did n't zlatan refuse for a while , but then the new coach , erik hamr\u00e9n convinced him to come back ? 
  i actually envy you guys who get the games in the morning ( not the 4am ) as i 'm a morning bird . 
  i just sit around waiting for the games to start , and then it kind of consumes the whole days of my weekends . 
  i live in norway ( gmt +1 ) and the games start at 1:45 or 4:00 pm . 
  i think i would enjoy my morning coffe watching games , then do some other shit for the rest of the day . 
  also , if i get too drunk , it 's hard to follow the games . 
  `` press a to spectate '', 
  try rolling back only the outer layer, 
  ok , might be more difficult than i initially thought . 
  maybe sky , bbc or someone who covers such could make it . 
  ca n't see why the xbox one could n't do it , it already snaps music apps and others . 
  when you ca n't watch the games , it would be nice to snap it to the side while browsing reddit or whatever ... 
  i 'm one of the few who does n't flip out about the carver hiring , expecting a good manager/coach to come in next summer . 
  if that man is mcclaren , i 'll ragequit football . 
  here i was , optimistically thinking de boer will come next summer . 
  well , i guess it 's just a rumor and i can still believe ... 
  rest could also mean `` undefined '' or similiar ( if that is what it says , i think so ) . 
  so maybe he was a deck boy , doing general tasks all-over the vessel . 
  but he 's currently banned for 3 matches ( 2 left ) , is n't he ? 
  just read in a norwegin newspaper that santon might be going on loan to ac milan for the rest of the season, 
  am i right in thinking that retropie needs little to no modification to run on the rpi2 ? 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  this is the same thing i 've been hoping for , ever since i read a post/blogg from alan shearer about this plausible event . 
  hoping for a new ambitious owner who can make smart investments and get a coach like de boer . 
  but i do n't like the idea of a superrich sheikh who turns us into a new psg ... i think . 
  probably a few minutes at the end at either of the games if real are winning comfortably, 
  ben arfa has been offered a spot in alta 's squad in the norwegian 2nd tier . 
  it 's a joke since hatem claimed he would do anything to play football again , even if it was for the north pole . 
  alta is the team closest to the nort pole . 
  i believe around 1995 would be when they became available . 
  i had a pentium 75mhz with a 800mb hdd , and this was about the time win95 was released . 
  i , of course , hardcore at the time , insisted on using ms dos 6.22 and win 3.11 instead of win95 . 
  just like people today refuse to use win8.x and someone even still swears to xp . 
  anyway , a lot of my friends bought pcs about the time win95 came out , and they were often close to 1gb hdd , 0,8-1 ,3 on pentium 133mhz / pentium ii 166mhz . 
  i went for the wd elements . 
  slightly faster and cheaper , comes without the crapware that nobody really wants . 
  just regret i bought a 1tb and not a 2tb drive ... 
  i know 14mm is pretty close to 9/16 , as a lot of my colleges often claim 14mm to be correct . 
  we use mostly metric , but i know that 14mm is never the correct size . 
  if it 's 14mm , it 's actually 9/16 . 
  norway will not be attending the wc , you 're welcome ukraine . 
  on another note , considering the lack of confidence towards fifa these days ; how unlikely is it that a new/other organisation can host an alternative international football cup ? 
  maybe in the us , uk or something . 
  atm , i 'm more against the qatar wc than the russian one ... 
  i 'm assuming egil `` drillo '' olsen is at the top of your shortlist ? 
  akenside traders ? 
  the old george looks nice , and it 's close to the hotel as well .
