  i just use the basic tools , but i enjoy it . 
  also , some times i use it to find the angles and hypotenuses of triangles , because it 's easier and quicker than to find the formulas and actually calculate them . 
  yes , i do use sketchup as well , probably more than autocad . 
  but i started with autocad at school about 10 yrs ago , and i like to keep up with it . 
  sketchup can quickly become messy , and if i need to send an application about changes to my home , a cad drawing at 1:50 or 1:100 looks better than a 3d drawing . 
  i do n't even know if they would approve a 3d drawing , and i wo n't pay an architect for a simple adjustment of the kind i 'm applying for ... 
  most likely , colo inn for yanga . 
  yanga will probably play rb while debuchy is suspended . 
  i would say , go with debuchy or santon , they 're more likely to be involved in the goals , and they will obviously also get the clean sheets . 
  yanga might also take santons place on lb when debuchy is back , santon has not been very good in defense lately . 
  tough call , as a nufc supporter , i would n't pick a toon-defender , i just do n't believe it ... yet . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  nope , we did n't have any rugs before , so i do n't have anything to compare with . 
  i would like to have some more colors in the living room , but i 'm not so sure if going crazy with the carpet is a good idea . 
  thanks your your suggestion , i 'll check it out . 
  and i never considered borrowing a carpet to see how it looks , i guess that would n't be a problem , 
  whoa , $ 19,99 out the window , just like that ? 
  really , hd ? 
  like enhanced textures , or just hd res support ? 
  you know , you can just edit a config file to enable higher resolutions . 
  google it . 
  came here to see if this was here . 
  way to underestimated game . 
  a lot of my friends seems confused after their first ( s ) game , but when they get a hang of it , they love it . 
  we still play this once in a while . 
  it 's much like age of emipres , same creators , just much much more . 
  i think it favors those who enjoy the building up part , and not just the fighting . 
  i also love how you take over cities instead of bombing them to the ground ... 
  would be cool if you added a bit info under the pics , like where they 're from etc. 
  good job , you got talent !, 
  to be fair , you 're kind of right . 
  but , genetics does n't make you burn less fat ( the differences are barely there ) . 
  but genetics tells somebody `` damn , those are some good tacos '' , and justify over eating and/or tells you to `` just do it ... later . 
  the couch is so comfy '' . 
  in other words , genetics tells you to be lazy and unhealthy ( probably also environment ) , but it does n't change how you process food ... 
  have a look at the nexus 5 , great value . 
  or the moto x is a good choice . 
  i think you 're right . 
  these pyramids are built as monuments for the kings/pharaohs of the time , and the next one always bigger than the last one . 
  but still , they had to have this shape to get the height . 
  if they wanted to reach the stars , could n't they just climb a nearby hill or mountain ? 
  this is brilliant . 
  i always end up asking for their names several times during the night , and a bit past the awkward amount of asking , i avoid using their names . 
  hate it , especially the next morning ... 
  \u00c6\u00e6\u00d8\u00f8\u00c5\u00e5, 
  2-0 win against chelsea , 1-0 win agains tottenham , 2-1 win agains norwich , 2-1 win against wba , 3-0 loss against swansea and 1-0 win against man fucking utd , 
  we have too many french players , and i think that is n't good for the mentality of the club . 
  i have nothing agianst french people , but i think we should get rid og those wo is n't contributing ( enough ) . 
  is n't belgium the new hot spot ? 
  and a few more english blokes would n't hurt . 
  btw , really happy with the results lately , 
  i got suarez , aguero and remy on top . 
  most in my league ( if not all ) will captain suarez , and i think he will struggle against spurs . 
  aguero against arsenal is n't a safe bet either . 
  i kinda want to play remy as captain since soton has been sloppy lately . 
  but i 'm also afraid that all the others choosing suarez will bypass me . 
  it can also be the week for me to outclass them all ... hmm ... am i stupid now ? 
  awesome . 
  really want the away jersey from 95/96 , but # 145 . 
  hmm ... 
  i use google + , and my battery lasts 2-3 days . 
  as you probably can imagine , i 'm not a heavy user . 
  but g + does n't seem to be draining my battery . 
  mostly , it 's the google play services and the screen ... 
  works like a charm . 
  i had to close `` spotifywebhelper.exe '' manually also . 
  brilliant , why have n't i already thought about googling for something like this . 
  thanks !, 
  interesting idea , but also feels unfair imo ... 
  i believe solskjaer has what it takes to get the best out of cardiff , but i 'm not so sure that tan believes that and will provide him with the paitience , freedom and financials needed to make it work . 
  good luck ole !!, 
  in the same boat as you , but i use plex instead of xbmc . 
  the plex win8 app is very similar to the netflix win8 app . 
  also , my webtv subscrition for football ( tv 2 sumo ) has a similar interfaced app , which is nice . 
  i think win8 is great for htpc 's but i also like to have the logitech tk820 instead of a remote ... 
  not sure , but i would think so . 
  i just use a 2.1 soundbar , so i 'm happy with stereo . 
  google is your friend ;-) $ 4.99 , i think i paid less , but ca n't really remember . 
  i 'm not really answering anything , i feel like i 'm good for nothing . 
  but plex on win8 is pretty awesome , especially if you like the netflix gui which is based on the win8 modernui framework . 
  all apps get more streamlined . 
  no really big games this round , is there ? 
  newcastle vs city the biggest ? 
  and if the rumors i heard about krul , debuchy , colo and santon being out , it can get really tough for iron mike . 
  41 apps in average , that sounds like a lot, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj_uxiag_yw 5-0 against man united i guess . 
  also the 4-4 against arsenal and the 3-2 against barcelona . 
  two reasons ; the series goes from spring to fall within the year and has n't started yet . 
  also , it 's kinda crappy quality , unfortunately ... 
  neither is shola ... 
  thanks , never thought of the poisoned treated part of it . 
  i know the green color is ugly , but that 'll wear off within a few months and turn grayish . 
  i could also paint it . 
  the decking is also treated , i think it has been boiled in oil somehow . 
  thanks again for great feedback  i 'll see if i can find a way to improve the diagonal braces . 
  i 've also been thinking about using trough-bolts trough the width of the table , i 've seen that being done in magazines ( http://www.skeidar.no/produkter/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/900x600/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/1/2/12114007_roccospisebord.jpg ) . 
  i think i 'll be using a lot of through-bolts as that seems like a sturdy solution for a rough life outdoors . 
  i do want them to be heavy so the wind wont blow them away . 
  it gets quite windy there from time to time . 
  the sagulator was a fun and helpful tool , and i have also considered that .
