  have n't spent a single dime on the game yet , and it 's my intention to keep it that way . 
  was this a one-time code only ? 
  did n't work for me . 
  i won about 26 000 nok ~ # 2000 , betting on 3 different tabs for a total of ~ # 32 in the same weekend . 
  the best one was a 100 nok bet at 157 in odds , 11 matches where all the favorites won , no draws . 
  mostly pl games , but also a few of the big ones in other leagues . 
  i also wonder about this . 
  i 'd say that you have the better side in our group , even though your last couple of matches were sub-par . 
  i also think it 's wrong to punish a nation for what 3 ( ? ), 
  idiots did to your pitch . 
  you 're sill favorites to win your remaining two games against malta and bulgaria , thus pushing us ( norway ) down to the 3rd spot . 
  i 've done this a few time , tell them to turn off their mic , then disable mine and take it off . 
  i usually have the headset connected and muted lying beside me to mute those people off . 
  i really love to play this game with a high volume , so cool sounds , and i do n't want to have screaming dude in the background . 
  i might have missed a few frustrated screams and maybe even good tips , but it 's just not worth listening to them . 
  use lb or the map if you got something to say . 
  the gas stations , yes . 
  but not the rest of statoil , it 's still norsk , 
  but how does i get back to the other side again ? 
  i do n't think this design was given enough time . 
  twrp suggest you 're using a rooted device . 
  did you dirty flash ? 
  i only used the oem unlock command and flashed the factory image . 
  that 's pretty much what i did . 
  however , snapchat is n't working for me , and my banking app claims i 'm rooted ( i 'm pretty sure i 'm not , never have been ) . 
  does anyone else has snapchat working ? 
  how ? 
  which ? 
  i tried most of them now , but they all force-close on the splas screen ... 
  i assume you meant 9.16.0.2 as there is no 9.16.2.0-notbeta . 
  i uninstalled the current version , restarted the phone , installed 9.16.0.2 , and still the same . 
  i never opted in for beta testing . 
  edit : checked play store , update available ( 9.16.2.0 ) . 
  updated , still the same ... 
  i just cant get this to work . 
  now i tried uninstalling the app , go way back in the version history and upgrade to see how the response is :, 
  9.10.0.0 - gets me to the login screen , says the version is to old, 
  9.11.0.0 - gets me to the login screen , says the version is to old, 
  9.12.2.0 - gets me to the login screen , says the version is to old, 
  9.13.0.0 - force closes on login attempt, 
  9.14.0.0 - force closes on login attempt, 
  9.15.0.0 - force closes on splash , no error message, 
  9.16.0.2 - force closes on splash , no error message, 
  9.16.2.0 - force closes on splash , no error message, 
  my solution was to do a factory reset , and then install 9.15.1.0 . 
  it worked right away . 
  the update from google play store installed automatically , but it still works . 
  i 'm in . 
  i got a couple of genuine windows 7 rtm keys `` lying around '' . 
  could i reactivate my win10 setup with one of those keys to upgrade them to win10-keys with the free upgrade offer ? 
  my logic says yes ... 
  hmm , i 'm talking about retail keys , not oem . 
  ( sorry , i used rtm , meant retail ) . 
  so they should not be tied to any hardware . 
  if i try to activate a win10 in the future after the free upgrade offer has expired , i 'll have to pay a upgrade fee . 
  if i do it now , it 's free . 
  i think i should be able to upgrade all those keys for free without having to format or install on a different pc just to activate the free upgrade offer . 
  i 'm horrible at describing this . 
  i want to convert/upgrade my legit win7 pro retail keys ( which are currently not in use ) to win10 pro for free while the offer lasts . 
  ctrl + f , shearer + ferdinand , no match . 
  am i the only one who think that was a great partnership ? 
  i know they did n't have a long run together , and i 'm probably heavily biased , but those two together in that newcastle team were amazing . 
  so do you consider lascelles a better option than colo , or is it because you plan on using his potential ? 
  gini as a wing ? 
  i currently playing something like :, 
  janmaat , mbemba , colo , ha\u00efdara, 
  mitrovic, 
  sometimes i swap with de jong or thauvin . 
  but i 'm not pleased with de jong in the game , he 's so painfully slow . 
  cool , i 'll give this one a shot . 
  how do you play , counter attack , high press , possession etc ? 
  i kinda discarded him already . 
  might give him a shot . 
  i personally like 3-5-2 , so i 'll have to try this one out also . 
  a few seconds into the game , the main graphics went out , never seen that before . 
  i remember some of the audio fx used to drop out , but that 's quite a while ago now . 
  i 'm happy with two hits considering the challenge i faced . 
  have n't got it myself , but found this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_lo4q_uv8, 
  but what dns does the pi-hole use ? 
  i use google dns to access some restricted sites . 
  i guess the pi-hole has to use a external dns server . 
  could be , but i do n't think that is the correct answer for everybody . 
  i know there is a test to check which dns server is best in your area , dunno how reliable it is tho . 
  just tried myself , and i got 15-16ms from google and 38-46 from opendns . 
  you can get so many different internal and external dvb-c , dvb-t and dvb-s ( 2 ) cards and maybe more . 
  you can get them as small usb adapters or internal pci cards . 
  they sometimes comes with a card reader . 
  have a look at mediaportal , i used to use it , it 's very similar to plex and xbmc/kodi , but has excellent built-in tv tuner software . 
  great sub pick, 
  you can find the password from the gui as well . 
  i 've done it a few times . 
  same . 
  also anti- manu and that 5-0 game . 
  wow , this looks really cool . 
  you would n't happen to have more photos of it , would you ? 
  yes i would love to see more details on the legs and how they are built . 
  i 'm planning to make a big table myself and i find this one inspiring !, 
  have you tried mediaportal ? 
  i used it to watch encrypted channels a few years ago . 
  i believe they 're still around and kicking .
