despite all these insightful posts here , does this image exist in a greater resolution ? 
  think it would be a cool wallpaper , 
  why is there no dinosaurs ? 
  i was told there would be dinosaurs ... 
  is this funny because he thinks danes are dutch ? 
  i like the part where the boobs bounces ... 
  damn , love this clock . 
  and thanks for the diy , this is my next project :d, 
  ... while spiderman is just sitting there , masturbating . 
  oh , i hate it when this happens, 
  i 'd say that 's a good boy ( or girl ), 
  til that some people still do n't believe in evolution . 
  is n't it yet considered as a fact where you come from ? 
  edit : i find this joke funny even though i do n't believe in christian mythology ... 
  i have the exact same tattoo in a much smaller scale on my back . 
  got it after i was stabbed with a scissor at a party ... 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  this never gets old, 
  vacation in vietnam and cambodia , positive surprised by phnom penh . 
  i have no idea who this is or anything about his shows , but you got ta love a pic with a lurker, 
  reply with something like `` your grammar sucks and you 're a f. . . ing idiot . 
  you even make norwegians sad ... '', 
  never noticed that detail , lol . 
  could almost work though , damn . 
  it 's not the only thing that is a bit off , look at the masts also , and a few more details . 
  this was made by a freehand artist in ho chi minh , vietnam , and was just an impulsive idea . 
  i also have an anchor on my right underarm ( barely visible in pic ) with a lot of errors , took that one in san diego in the navy . 
  btw , yes i 'm a sailor and i also work offshore . 
  cill , i do n't care so much about that , and would never sue for something like that ( unless it was very very ugly ) . 
  well , not necessary . 
  the wind would come from the port side of the boat and still make the sails look like this . 
  the flags are still wrong , but sailboats are designed to go in more than one direction , 
  that will almost get you a beer ( 0,5 l / 17oz ) in norway , given them being american dollars . 
  norwegians leaves the party and go to town between 11 and 1 o'clock , and goes home between two and three o'clock . 
  now will they listen ? 
  i always said that ie is n't safe ... 
  i 'm looking for a gif i seen in here a few times , but i ca n't seem to find it when i look for it . 
  it 's a guy having an apiffany of some sort , and there is some explosions and `` magic '' lightbeams poorly animated around his head , as if he releases some sort of curse or spell . 
  it seems to be from an old clip , maybe 70 's ... 
  well , i suppose you could get a job . 
  i got friends not speaking norwegian working in bars and restaurants . 
  t\u00f8nsberg is n't a very big city , but i think it 's a nice town , especially during summer time ( as most cities along the south-east coast of norway ) . 
  good luck bro , 
  this is what i 've been hoping for since google acquired motorola . 
  i so want a decent phone with < 4,3 '' that actually gets updates ... 
  this defensive tactic is so embarrassing ... 
  watch a few games , find the football style and team you find entertaining . 
  do n't choose the best team just because they 're the best , those are n't true supporters . 
  unlike a home , a car , a wife etc , a football team is for life . 
  have fun , lots of entertainment in pl . 
  btw , i ' f you follow my advice , you wo n't end up with my club this season , lol . 
  nufc will play boring hoofball and be relegated this year :(, 
  all boats `` are female '' , like uss ronald regan , she 's a beauty is n't she ? 
  sounds confusing as fuck , like in the norwegian navy , all vessels are named after famous norwegian male explorers , but are still refereed to as female . 
  so many , frithjof nansen , first to the north pole . 
  roald amundsen , first to the south pole . 
  helge ingstad , proved that leiv eriksson ( viking ) discovered america about 500 years before colombus . 
  thor heyerdahl who proved , hmm , something with the kon-tiki raft which recently became a movie . 
  think they sailed from south america to polynesia if i 'm not mistaking ... 
  edit : typo . 
  actually not bad if it 's genuine . 
  do n't like the `` rabbit teeth '' though ... 
  i did something similar : http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/35/dsc0859e.jpg/, 
  norwegian toon fan since ' 96 , mostly because of this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofk3wwduzho ( 5-0 win over man utd ) , but also because of shearer . 
  at that time , all my friends were man utd fans since they usually won by default , and they had solskj\u00e6r and johnsen ( i think berg and nevland came in at a later point ) , and i like to go against the current . 
  to start sheering for the currently best team means you 're not a true supporter , and not likely to follow up when going gets tough ... 
  a fatal hart attack or cancer, 
  do n't forget the ylvis bros , they made quite a few cool/funny songs and music videoes lately . 
  here 's a link to the `` jan egeland '' song, 
  `` work it '' and `` stonehenge '' is also cool , 
  have we actually heard cabaye denying to play for us ? 
  could it be nufc who refuse to play him to keep him from getting injured , so that mike can sell him expensive , ( maybe ) buy a cheap replacement and save some cash ? 
  sorry if i 'm out of line here , but afaik , there has only been speculations from the newspapers , no clear official statement from either side ... 
  tought i was the only one ... 
  shooting of the age of extinction --  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2109248/ ?? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'll find it if you can give me a bit more . 
  like genre and sex of the singer ... 
  i agree that ben arfa has n't been outstanding lately , but i ca n't justify playing shola or cisse instead of him . 
  i would also like to see anita among the starting 11 . 
  i have n't been watching spurs much this season , but i know that they struggle with scoring goals . 
  how do they attack ? 
  the defensive quality of our lb and rb is a weak point . 
  i 'm curious about this game , think it 's a very open match , but ofc spurs is the favorites ... 
  edit : off-topic q : how do you guys get the club logo next to your username ? 
  cool . 
  let me know if there 's anything you wonder about , 
  to be honest , i was disappointed . 
  but i expected a brighter and grayish finish ( this was my inspiration from a tv program , they used the same procedure , but used a white oil : http://pub.cdn.tv2.no/multimedia/tv2/archive/01026/11_9__1026139i.jpg ) . 
  if i should do it again , i would use a stain instead cause this was a lot of work ... 
  not exactly , it 's free http://www.sketchup.com/, 
  it 's a fabbian dono d65 a05 00 , and it 's not cheap . 
  i got it for a steal ( ~ 2.400 usd ) , but the recommended price is ~ 5.700 usd . 
  i bought it on impulse ( that 's why i had to build a table , i had noting to have underneath the fixture , lol ) . 
  but yes , it 's beautiful . 
  i have ordered 4 modern looking chairs , but they wo n't come until next thursday . 
  i also want minimalistic to not block the veiw ... 
  i got it used on a norwegian site ( like ebay ) . 
  they are very rare afaik , and not cheap ... 
  not sure what you mean , but if you referring to the wooden sticks between the end board and the five long main boards , it 's to strengthen it so it wo n't break if you lift the table by the end boards ... 
  oh , i 'm not good with technical english .
