  cheers . 
  thanks , i 'll check it out , 
  gash = not good ? 
  grumpy gadgie = old people ? 
  bogs = ugly people ? 
  i just realized i got ta work on my geordie english , lol . 
  but thanks for the suggestions , i 'll be sure to look into it . 
  yeah , all of those are pretty far up north . 
  seems like we have a lot of options in this city , so i guess we 'll be ok . 
  and the part about `` no norwegians '' , i take it that you 're just taking a piss ? 
  how can anyone not love the norwegians ? 
  i rather not struggle with putting on a danish or swedish accent , not to mention a uruguayan/croatian accent , do n't even know where to begin ... 
  if you go back in time , you can extract the key from your registry . 
  did you erase the backup drive ? 
  i 'm not sure really , i 've done the same myself but i extracted the key before i formatted . 
  edit : nevermind, 
  funny , never heard that one before but i understood it right away . 
  well , gan , do you mean gone or go ? 
  a lot of town names in the uk ends with by , which is norwegian for town/city . 
  also , street is gate in norwegian , and is also a common part of uk street names . 
  sorry for what our ancestors did to yours , and lets hope for a good game ( i know the timing is bad ) . 
  me neither , and there are dozens of us , dozens !, 
  are you sure the weight of the anchors is n't more ? 
  sounds a bit small to me tbh . 
  i work a lot on anchor handlers , and for a typical rig in the norwegian sea , there are 8x anchors of 15 to 18 metric tons , chained up ~ 1200 meters of chain . 
  this is at about 300 meters dept. 
  of course it varies from rig to rig and locations , but it 's usually close to these figures . 
  considering that , 2 metric tons sounds small for uss george washington . 
  so did i , and i did n't know we ( norway ) had a team . 
  i remember asking my older brother while he was watching a england game , and he said we had one , but nobody watched it because it was shit . 
  this must have been the very early 90 's , because we qualified for the wc94 in the us , and climbed to 2nd on the fifa ranking . 
  the 90 's were great for norway , i miss that . 
  last championship for us was euro2000 ... 
  i suspect my old dell xps m1530 did something like this . 
  i 've opened up so many laptops to find this , clean it and have it operate nice and quiet afterwards . 
  figured i could do the same to my old ( 5-6 years ) dell laptop , only to see there was hardly any dust there at all . 
  i was kind of disappointed . 
  i also broke off one of the threaded sockets for the gpu heatpipe , which ended up burning my gpu after a not quite good enough gluing session . 
  yes it did run hot , but i was expecting to see dust after all those years of abuse . 
  there was less than i my gf 's 2yr old laptop . 
  this is so typical my luck . 
  i have been planning this trip with my friends since late last year , and this is our first ever newcastle ( and tottenham ) match , only 2nd time watching a bpl game . 
  it 's a gift for my 30th birthday , and something i always wanted to do . 
  timing could n't be fuckin ' worse but fuck it , i 'm going now . 
  we already got the tickets all the way from fuckin ' arendelle , norway . 
  cheers . 
  he will invest this window , probably several very cheap but promising players scouted by carr , hoping to find the next cabaye . 
  it 's never been more dangerous to be relegated from the prem than it will be after next season , and we currently look like a relegation team . 
  i 'm speaking of the new tv deal giving clubs +70 % for the 16/17 season . 
  that 's also why we can expect to see more impulsive purchases this summer window ( probably not by us ) . 
  i still have a slight chance of hope that fat mike planning to sell the club already this summer to re-invest in rangers , but i think it 's more likely to happen in 2-3 years from now . 
  yes , i think you 're pretty spot on and i ca n't see us investing enough to make it into the top 10 next season . 
  we need to strengthen and widen our squad in all positions significantly , but we 'll probably end up replacing ( some of ) the ones we 're cutting off . 
  i 'm curious , but not excited about the upcoming transfer window ... 
  he 'd be willing to be compromised to get back in the pl and prove himself , and i think he could be worth a shot considering the market we can pick from . 
  ca n't see it happening though ... 
  looks like a nice place to celebrate x-mas, 
  the easy option would be to install the hola plugin in her browser , then she could easily switch which county she would be browsing from . 
  this would work , would n't it ? 
  i 'm using it to access us netflix , and other stuff that are restricted . 
  why do you think that 's sad ? 
  i 've never really thought about it , but reading about it now , it seems like a good idea to me . 
  yes , about one hour on a plane . 
  stavanger is on the west coast , oslo is east close to sweden . 
  there 's lots of beautiful scenery around stavanger , and it 's a really nice city imo . 
  however , the west coast is more exposed to rain and wind than the south east ( oslo ) . 
  also , stavanger is pretty expensive , but so is oslo . 
  ohh , now i want to play trackmania again . 
  wish they ( looking at you nadeo ) would make this for the xbox one and ps4 , but i guess that will never happen ... 
  trackmania, 
  yep , mike ashley is the main problem . 
  until he turns around and start to invest instead of cashing out on the talents , we wo n't be able to attract the types of managers or players we need . 
  for the mediocre players on the team , it must be extremly demotivating seeing the best players going out when in form , and the team falling down the table each spring . 
  never any ambition in the fa or league cup . 
  having said that , pardew was never the right man for the job . 
  he had a few good runs , but oh my god did he have some really bad ones also ... 
  the main problem with getting in a big name is that ma is offering something like a 5 % discount card at sportsdirect.com valid until the end of the season , and a way under par 7-year deal if he manages to avoid relegation . 
  what are the issues with mediaportal ? 
  i used it a lot a few years ago , always very good gui for my dvb-s2 setup , but i have since stopped using dvb/live tv at all , only streaming tv and video nowadays ... 
  i hope you 're wrong ... 
  get in arsenal players , monreal for baird ( if possible ) and ramsey/cazorla for sterling . 
  ramsey might miss some gametime to wilshiere , so cazorla might be a better option . 
  i 'm assuming you ca n't afford sanchez , and \u00d6zil just is n't worth his price currently . 
  edit : about o'shea , i think he 'll be worth keeping , considering his upcoming dgw . 
  still a gamble , but a wasted ft imo . 
  i 've got him myself and keeping him for now ... 
   ** in popular culture **, 
   the kingdom of arendelle in frozen is based on arendal . 
  this so much . 
  one thing is in a public bathroom , but a few of my friends does it in my home at parties which is disgusting . 
  i even wipe after those who been in there before me in public bathrooms if there is a line behind me . 
  i do n't want the next person in line to think i made that mess . 
  i 've got the same thing in my house for the sairs to the basement . 
  i 've built a desk on mine ... 
  i ca n't see us winning any of three matches left . 
  how will our lineup against wba look like ? 
  r. tylor , colo , dummett , ha\u00efdara, 
  dummett played lb last match . 
  but you 're right about cisse , i forgot about that . 
  his ban is over though .
