  i 'm considering doing it now , having giroud out and a weak defensive line . 
  this is the team i 'm currently thinking of :, 
  ramsey , siggy , fab , sterling , eriksen, 
  costa , ag\u00fcero , naismith, 
  i 'm # 1 in two of the local leagues , and want to keep it that way . 
  just made a few swaps :, 
  lovren & bartley  wisdom & sendersos ( villa to get one more cs ? ), 
  any thoughts ? 
  yeah i know about that , but i keep them both as reliable throughout the season unless they start to suck . 
  once in a while they will face eachother , same goes for the rest of my midfield . 
  was thinking about swapping eriksen for llamela , but it do n't think it 'll pay off in the long run . 
  if i stick with senderos , it 'll probably just be for this round . 
  i do n't like bringing in a player for just one match , i 'd like to have my ft open to injuries and such . 
  but at the moment , i ca n't find any good alternative . 
  that 's where you come in , 
  not a bad suggestion . 
  also came over yoshida at southampton , what do you think about him ? 
  i do n't know enough about him , but the saints looks decent , what i 've seen of them ... 
  your forward line is a bit weak imo . 
  and especially putting balotelli as captain , bald move . 
  will jovetic get playing time ? 
  probably with ag\u00fcero , and swap for dzeko , depending on his injury . 
  hard to say , but also that is a gamble . 
  naismith has been overpreforming , and he 's facing chelsea ... 
  totally agree with you . 
  but there 's noting for scale on those pictures . 
  initially , i thought it was the size of a tv bench , but i have a feeling it 's much smaller . 
  still really good looking though ... 
  who 's rating these ? 
  nufc official ? 
  or are we looking for comedy ? 
  edit : http://go.memestack.net/191/wp-content/uploads/sites/191/memes/540057cc8f3ee.jpg, 
  we 're doing better in norway http://oljefondet.no, 
  what about ag\u00fcero ? 
  whoever, 
  cool app . 
  at first i blinked and thought the n on the compass was a logo of a house . 
  then i got the idea : what if the locations you save on the map could be showed on the compass ? 
  almost like navigating in the gta games . 
  and maybe the option to enable/disable those locations on the compass so you do n't get too much irrelevant stuff on your compass ... 
  just a thought . 
  looks nice , keep it up , 
  true that it 's concealed in the end of the room . 
  that big black thing around the corner is a [ fireplace ] ( http://www.dovrepeisen.no/produkter/detaljer/dovre-pegasus-box/19/6 ) . 
  the lonely little picture is just temporary , have little art since the ex moved out , lol . 
  always looking for something new , 
  thanks for your feedback , you 're absolutely right that it 's not a big project and easy to re-paint if i 'm not happy with it . 
  i agree . 
  just afraid it will miss-match the rest of the room to much . 
  edit : it 's also suppose to help make the video picture better somehow , 
  would love to see that happen , but that 's about as likely us getting saf , wenger , pep or mourinho . 
  just ca n't see it happening . 
  expecting to see pulis or bruce , but prefer moyes of the realistic options ... 
  another norwegian right here, 
  youtube video with the whole sitiuation , better quality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=movi1cif5ke, 
  and here i was , hoping that ma sold the club and the new owner sacked pardew . 
  i tried this on saturday , wanted to buy worms battlegrounds , but could n't find it , not even with the search function . 
  went on my computer and found it . 
  went back to my xbox and changed my locale settings to usa , and boom , there it is . 
  also , games are much cheaper now , almost half price of the norwegian prices ... 
  maybe , i do n't think it 's that much . 
  but that aside , who gets the difference in price ? 
  the developer ? 
  the norwegian government ? 
  it 's not like it cost more in shipping ... 
  sorry in advice for ignorant question , but what 's the deal with mcc ? 
  not being rude here , i just joined the xbox bandwagon , and have no experience with halo . 
  is this like a remastered versions of the old classics , or new game ( s ) ? 
  or maybe the better question , is this for the nostalgics or even for a n00b like me ? 
  i 'm wondering ; what problem ? 
  i do n't use my phone very much , but if i stay on wifi most of the time and use it just for a few calls , e-mail , facebook and snapchat , it lasts about 3 days . 
  i have deactivated quite a few apps , disabled 4g ( 3g is plenty , often faster due to providers throttling ) , not running nfc or bluetooth . 
  on other occasions when i travel for a full day , i might surf more and/or play games , then it still lasts throughout that day . 
  as a norwegian , almost everybody i knew were man utd fans because of ole gunnar solskj\u00e6r and ronny johnsen , and the fact that they were winning . 
  beating them 5-0 made me so happy , and the team we had back then . 
  just getting into football at the time , and my four year older brother was/is a massive spurs fan , i felt a bit bad when we smashed them 7-1 that season . 
  he used to beat me up for less , lol . 
  norway : mats m\u00f8ller d\u00e6hli since brede hangeland started to fade and give up the national team . 
  such a shame that he 's on cardiff 's bench in the championship , he needs to switch clubs in january . 
  in fact it does , but when i went to saudi arabia in 2008 , i first landed in kuwait and transferred to dammam . 
  then i took a 3 hour taxi north to kahfji , which is like 15-20 min from the border , 90 min from the airport in kuwait . 
  i was quite shocked when i saw that on the map later on . 
  this was arranged and had to do with the border , so there is ( was ? ), 
  no open border there . 
  also , you 're not allowed to bring porn , that 's strictly forbidden . 
  my former employer sent me down there and told me to secure erase all my porn . 
  they did check my laptop . 
  twice . 
  it 's really cool that you do all this work . 
  i 'm still kicking with one life remaining . 
  i need a few miracles or more to stay for the long run though ... 
  stream ? 
  would love to see that , when and where ( url ) ? 
  lol yeah , i was a bit nervous , had a decent amount of porn at the time . 
  you know , going to work for 5 weeks , needs something to do off shift . 
  i was even considering zipping them in a password protected file , rename it game.dat or something and move it to a game folder . 
  did n't dare though . 
  this was back in 2008 , and many sites were blocked . 
  i do remember that tpb was accessible which surprised me . 
  saudi arabia is one of the worlds most restricted and controlled countries in the world .
