  i mean , my optimism is n't at ops level , but sunderland wo n't get 7 more points , probably 4 , maybe 6 . 
  norwich are gone . 
  unless we beat the shit out of villa , we 'll need a point against spurs . 
  i think they 'll put up a good fight , they have been great this season . 
  plz rafa , save our club from relegation . 
  i ca n't , i mean , next season with rafa in the pl , and probably a much better budget . 
  i 'll move to newcastle and buy a season ticket . 
  i believe there are restrictions now . 
  i 've heard that you earlier could only get season tickets for newcastle games , and that it was a 3 year waiting time to acquire one . 
  on a second thought , it could simply be mike ashley wanting to increase income and not a restriction though . 
  not only that , but the sun is ~ 30-50 % further away from us than mercury . 
  to little to late . 
  yes he spent money this season , but that was long overdue and on unproven mediocre players mostly . 
  after so many disappointing seasons with little to no investment in players , we were bound to do it this season . 
  remember how close to relegation we were last season with pardew/carver ? 
  ma knew if he invested a lot this season , he 'd be making it back quickly due to the new tv deal . 
  guess he feels kinda screwed now , but he only got himself to blame really . 
  go away !, 
  i love your reasons , even though i do not particularly agree . 
  i would claim that many of these numbers depends heavily on where in the world you live . 
  i 've had quite a few arguments about having solar panels in southern norway , where we have the sun from 4 in the morning to 10:30 in the evening during summer , but only from 9 in the morning to 3:30 in the afternoon during winter . 
  it 's during the winter the electricity is expensive and you need it the most to heat up your home . 
  insulation etc is also heavily dependent on the temperature outside . 
  i saw a lot of people liking the most probable home kit yesterday . 
  i 'm not a big fan , it 's not enough stripes , and the gold is a bit tacky . 
  however , could be worse , puma has not impressed me so far . 
  the wonga does n't help , but there 's nothing to do about that . 
  at least the new design is a bit more discrete than the old one . 
  picture 2 and 3 is something i did earlier . 
  those were just to show how i imagine to get strong joints between the leg pieces . 
  the top itself is n't an issue . 
  i 'm not going for end caps , as the first picture shows . 
  maybe i phrased my questions poorly , so i 'll try again :, 
  - is the base strong enough for the top , or should i add more support somehow ? 
  - how should i handle the stand joints ? 
  wo n't long solid piece of wood with glue ( similar to breadboards , just much bigger , like in pic 2 and 3 ) do the trick ? 
  btw , that 's how i did it when i built my indoor dining table a few years ago , and it 's still rock solid ( but it 's also indoor ) . 
  hope i 'n not coming off as ungrateful or salty , i just do n't think we understand each other so far . 
  i will have a look at the link you posted tho , thanks , 
  yes , that 's why i 'm ( trying to ) say that i do n't want to use the method ana white uses , and ask if my intended method of using several wooden sticks at \u00f8 = 15mm x l = 20cm ( \u00f8 = 3/5 '' x l = 8 '' ) as breadboards . 
  will that do the trick ? 
  and i 'm asking for the legs/stand , not the top . 
  the top will be individual pieces like a patio deck with a few mm gaps between the boards . 
  thanks , dowel joint is probably a better description . 
  yes , i intend to use 15mm x 20cm dowel pieces . 
  i 'm thinking of screwing the top like a patio deck , but probably from the underside to hide the screws . 
  there will also be gaps between the boards . 
  is that a bad idea ? 
  thank you so much for your answers  yeah , i do n't see any issues having gaps between the boards , it 's going to stay outside , get wet in the rain , hold beer and bbq on occasions . 
  thanks , yes i plan to use minimum 2 dowels pr joint , maybe even 4 . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean by the diagonal stretcher . 
  do you mean i should have 2x 2 `` 4 between the legs just under the top to prevent it from sagging ? 
  the top will be made of cheap spruce or pine , 36x148 mm pieces ( 1\u00a01/2 '' 6 ) . 
  i was thinking maybe inverting the 45 \u00b0 supports to help carrying the table in the center as well as getting more support by being placed closer to the legs . 
  i also like it , but it kinda reassemble boca juniors ... 
  i 2nd this, 
  as much as i would like to see a norwegian at the club , this man is n't the one . 
  he was a great talent and has had good runs , but is inconsistent , lazy , and is getting old now . 
  he also tends to pack on a few extra pounds and run slow . 
  has not been good for the national team lately . 
  i ca n't see him starting over lacelles or mbemba , but at best he could be a backup in the championship . 
  i know they are trying to fix a loan deal for martin \u00d8degaard , but he 's been linked to a lot of top level german clubs . 
  not the position we need players , and i guess rafa knows the players well enough to only accept players fit for us . 
  wow , are blackurn , barnsley and birmingham in such poor condition ? 
  did n't know that . 
  maybe a mod could see who constantly downvotes and ban him ? 
  yes , i have an idea for google contacts , where is that on your list ? 
  anyway , what i 've always missed is a group profile picture . 
  for example all my colleagues should have the company 's logo as a contact photo unless they have an individual specific profile picture . 
  i was also surprised by the nickname , the club is saint-\u00c9tienne, 
  smooth, 
  did n't know mitro do \u00dcber rides, 
  i 'm pretty sure this was a reference to gini only scoring home goals for newcastle at st. james ' park , not that he only scored for newcastle . 
  i assume he should be pretty safe as long as he does n't install some skechy software or has 12345 or similar as password for his ms account . 
  they would need something to exploit to get in , and some way to target his machine . 
  i went with the [ romoss solo 2 4000mah power bank ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/121986069303 ), 
  looks very interesting indeed . 
  however , seems like a very early stage kit , so i 'll go for the razberry 2 for now but i 'll definitely keeping an eye on this one . 
  honestly , i have very little insight in the softwares available , i just stumbled upon ha and thought it looked nice . 
  what i want is to be able to control my devices , and i 'm only looking at z-wave devices for now . 
  i bought a fibaro dimmer 2 and a thermostat for my new bathroom . 
  thinking of buying same thermostat for the entry hall later , some dimmers here and there when i upgrade to led , and a electric curtain for my bedroom . 
  still yet to see if i get carried away ... 
  i want to be able to control and monitor my system from work , and i prefer a browser based interface . 
  an app does n't hurt , as long as the web interface is available . 
  using data such as sunrise/sunset and clock is important , but i guess most software can handle that . 
  and it needs to work well on the pi . 
   it is n't going to control anything but zwave devices , so its better when you are going for a modular home automation system instead of a single integrated solution like homeassistant , openhab , homeseer , etc. 
  i 'm not sure i understand , what do you mean by single integrated solution ? 
  unless i misunderstand , i only intend to use the pi/razberry to control all of my z-wave devices , in addition to local hardwired switches . 
  flattened = empty, 
  mains = main power supply, 
  that 's what i also thought about . 
  the owner claims it does n't get hot or anything ... 
  reload time : 12 hrs, 
  must be a bug , installs fine on my device, 
  shit , i just died for a moment . 
  do n't start your sentences like that at this time and score ... 
  update : so i 've replaced the icon files with 168x168 versions and it looks so much better now . 
  still find it confusing since the css file is still set to 64x64 .
