  what 's up with ha\u00efdara ? 
  if you do n't smoke tarryltons , then fuck you !, 
  but will he rest a lot of players against liverpool ? 
  sissoko in for jonas ? 
  are you sure that 's not the death star ? 
  i heard it to , apparently they walked down the quay side ... 
  it seems to me that it picks the color which dominates the contacts profile pic . 
  if the contact does n't have a pic , the color is random . 
  all my contacts have a pic ... 
  it 's a while ago , i think i used an app or a internet service to sync it with facebook . 
  those missing , i added manually . 
  my contact list is pretty much set by now , but once in a while i add another one , and add their contact photo manually , unless they already have a g + account with pic . 
  will there be a match thread ? 
  i 'm looking for a decent stream , hoping for a good one such as the hd ones we sometimes see on youtube . 
  thanks :d, 
  looks like a e14 socket, 
  your `` maintenance costs '' will be predictable and spread out amongst all the users of the car , not just you . 
  also , the value drop of the vehicle wo n't be an issue . 
  it will probably depend on how much you use a car also . 
  just got it myself , and i 'm not connected to any carrier . 
  i thought it said 24 mb , but could be kb . 
  i just woke up , saw the message and pressed ok . 
  i 'm on the south end of norway , and i hear and use it myself regularly . 
  this was done in a norwegian tv show : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2_71_nivri, 
  unfortunately , there 's no translations ( i think ) . 
  leroy fer , alexandre lacazette , charlie austin , danny ings , defenders , new coaching team and manager that plays entertaining attacking football . 
  he 's probably too good for us now , but we were after him earlier and i 'm sure carr is keeping tabs on him . 
  i think he was top scorer this season in france . 
  i think he would be great for us , but ca n't see him leaving a cl team for us atm . 
  tbh , i 've only seen a little of fer and figured we could pick him up for a few quids , maybe just squad dept if he 's as inconsistent as you suggest . 
  lacazette would be amazing , but i ca n't see it happening atm . 
  probably around # 25m and wanting to play cl football ( which i believe lyon are qualified for ) . 
  yes , it is . 
  the main difference between oem and retail is the customer service , and that your system is officially tied to the hardware . 
  basically , you 'll need to verify your genuine copy of windows , be that oem or retail , and you 'll get a serial key and a download . 
  it 's not verified yet , but it 's likely to be a iso-file coming with a software piece offering you to extract it to a dvd or usb stick . 
  that wo n't activate though, 
  edit : unless you have a genuine serial key , that is . 
  joe 81065 ? 
  hvae you tried reset to factory settings since you installed 5.1.1 ? 
  i heard others having success with that after some new bugs came with the update . 
  also , uninstall avast , it 's a joke . 
  could it be captain comic ? 
  i never came far in that game , so i do n't know anything about bowser . 
  it 's off center, 
  i can promise you that 's not meters or yards . 
  feet sounds reasonable . 
  wo n't claim to be original , but i named my team ` sons of pitches ', 
  my personal experience , do n't buy expensive defenders . 
  they hardly get any points unless it 's a 0-0 match . 
  the only defender i would argue is ivanovic who score goals . 
  try to play 3 defenders , find the cheap ones who get gametime , preferably wingbacks who go forward and assist . 
  you do n't want cisse . 
  put your money in the midfield and forwards , play 3-4-3 or 3-5-2 . 
  good luck !, 
  google translate : permission to complete his personal negotiations and undergo an inspection . 
  google translate : georginio wijnaldum has left the players ' hotel in france . 
  psv nearing an agreement with newcastle united and has wijnaldum 1/2, 
  is this just fantasy ? 
  i like the way you think . 
  what will he have on his shirt ? 
  first name ? 
  the whole last name ? 
  is he that good ? 
  it 's a gamble , and i 'd say he better be valued at about 6,5-7m . 
  i think newcastle can be looking good going forward this season with sdj , wijnaldum , sissoko , ayoze and cabella . 
  if we get mitrovich ( and maybe austin ) cisse will leave for sure . 
  i 've had large the two last seasons , and they were way to baggy . 
  got a medium this year , and it fits nice . 
  i usually use large on t-shirts ... 
  we need a replacement for him first . 
  mbeba is not his replacement , he 's a much needed supplement to our than backline . 
  are you sure about this ? 
  norwegian viaplay only offer cl . 
  we use tv 2 sumo to watch epl . 
  that could be very good . 
  however , iirc , viaplay has much poorer quality than tv 2 sumo . 
  is that coming ? 
  would be awesome , but afaik it will stay pc exclusive . 
  edit : you 're right !, 
  trackmania turbo comes to the xbox one and it looks epic :d, 
  sounds like a fun . 
  maybe try another sub , such as / r/fantasypl , / r/soccerbetting or / r/soccer ? 
  i guess that significantly increase the interest for this . 
  halo mcc . 
  i never played the original halo series , so i was afraid that it would only appeal to the nostalgic who loved the original series . 
  i was reassured on a different forum that it was n't the case . 
  i now think it only appeal to the nostalgic who loved the original series . 
  i find them boring and monotone . 
  i get the value of nostalgia , as i love playing nes and snes games myself from time to time , but halo mcc did n't appeal to me at all . 
  it 's suppose to be 5,7 '' while the lg which we know less about is suppose to be ~ 5 '', 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i think get will inform nrk , but i could be wrong . 
  if you buy any equipment that requires a tv , you 'll get the licence . 
  dvd/bluray being excepted as they can function as music players . 
  i do n't follow the tippeliga , just check the score sheets sometimes . 
  he seems to be having a very good season . 
  which type of international player would you compare him to ? 
  moussa sissoko has eyes in the back of his head . 
  i used this sub a lot ahead of last season , and got a flying start leading all my local leagues for a long time .
