  i do n't know how it 's today , but it used to require some patience to set it up . 
  i also used cardsharing that was n't officially supported and made things more complicated . 
  but once i got it all working , it was steady as any stb i 've ever used and way sweeter gui . 
  now i 've replaced tv all together with streaming services . 
  got it on wednesday . 
  i recently started using this one and it 's customization . 
  you can have the event pop up the day after it 's aired ( nice if you live east of eu ) . 
  you can have quite a few shows for free , but there is a subscription if you follow more than 20 shows ( i think ) . 
  easy to maintain and alter , you get a fixed link to your account calendar that will update itself after changes . 
  i use it with google calendar and i 'm very happy with it . 
  edit : noticed i did n't reply to your actual question , just to what though it would be . 
  these have been available for quite some time :, 
  strange , my oem key worked fine . 
  i 've also had friends who could use their oem keys . 
  maybe they changed it . 
  i 'm watching it on a norwegian stream , pretty dreadful to watch . 
  lillestr\u00f8m are closer to 2-1 than we are . 
  btw , it 's tv2 sumo which also broadcast all of the pl matches . 
  sumo.tv2.no , but it 's quite expensive and i think it only works with a norwegian ip/vpn . 
  figured it was n't worth the hassle for a friendly . 
  they are in the center , so they are always facing each other directly . 
  imagine a garden hose connected to a hose reel . 
  of course you 're right , i did n't think about that . 
  came over this from a friend , do n't know the photographer . 
  figured they would fit in this sub . 
  . se works for me with google dns . 
  maybe he 'll bring inn charles insomnia, 
  cool , thanks . 
  sounds like a fun challenge , guess i 'll just have to jump into it . 
  have been googling similar functions now , and think i 'll find a way ... eventually , 
  i believe the sleeves are light blue : http://i.imgur.com/c1ujrnw.png, 
  from / r/thekitroom, 
  argh , the submarine icon is n't available for work location . 
  i work with submarines . 
  also , is it possible to manually place the work location pin ? 
  the address to my company ends up a km off . 
  the company has the correct address as well , but i ca n't input company name , street address and zip so google chooses the address that is 1 km off . 
  `` almost engine ... '' according to google translate, 
  what charger/power supply are you using ? 
  connect + on one psu to - on the other psu - the - from the first psu and the + from the 2nd psu should output 24v . 
  i 'm not sure if this might cause some trouble with electronics , but i do n't think so . 
  probably best if the puss are identical , and the total current draw should not exceed the maximum of the weakest psus . 
  12v 1500ma + 12v 1200 ma = 24v 1200ma . 
  if you connect the + wires and - wires together , it would be a total of 12v 2700 ma . 
  already bought it , but it is n't playable until tomorrow ( 24th ) in norway . 
  really looking forward to it !, 
  i 'd guess you have your keyboard as primary input and controller as secondary . 
  try switching around the usb ports . 
  worst easter holiday ever , got dumped . 
  on the bright side , i 'll get more time to watch games now , 
  might want to open this in an incognito window :, 
  yeah , you managed to quote me the few seconds before i edited that link . 
  that 's suppose to be a link to a google image of said bottle opener . 
  a bright shade of gray . 
  edit : find out if your white roof and windows list has any yellow or other color in it . 
  gray and white can look very good together , but it can fail if there 's a mis-match between the temperature of the color . 
  for the lazy : http://lynxartcollection.com/space-posters/, 
  hi again !, 
  i made a dining table and bench earlier : http://imgur.com/a/xffax, 
  now i 've supplemented with a wine rack . 
  i do n't have progress pics , but it 's a fairly simple build . 
  i used some old scrap wood i had lying in the garage , and cut them down to approx 95 mm width , so that applies to all pieces except for the front piece . 
  the wood is 18-19 mm thick , and i 've burnt them the same way i did with the table and bench , and brushed it with a steel brush . 
  it appears much darker , but will be brighter as the sun shines on it after a while . 
  the glass holders are 16 mm holes wit a c-c of 110 mm . 
  the total width of the rack is 1585 mm , same as the console bench beneath it . 
  i 've used torx screws on the back , and wooden plugs + glue on the visible joints . 
  thanks , yes i 've been thinking about that , and maybe somehow adding a led strips or something , but i 'm not quite sure how to make that look good . 
  right now i 'm thinking of changing out that desk lamp with one that spreads the light more , both up and down . 
  oh , i think i misunderstood you the first time . 
  that thing above the dining table is a light fixture  check the link in my other comment here . 
  cool , appreciate all your effort . 
  i would like to ask about one challenge i never figured out tho , and it 's about the rss feed . 
  for many feeds , the rss title does n't say much . 
  ideally i would like to see the title , and beneath it in smaller fonts , the rss description , but i have n't figured out how . 
  in many cases , the description is a better option than the title , especially in these clickbait-times . 
  is this hard to do with the new mm2 ? 
  in news.js , i can replace _ rssitems.push ( data [ i ] . title ) ; with _ rssitems.push ( data [ i ] . description ) ; and i will get description instead of title ( not all rss providers has data in description , and some include links and pictures ) . 
  i would like to have both simultaneously , where the description is a smaller size font than the title . 
  that 's awesome , i 'll be sure to do that :d, 
  is it deserved ? 
  thanks , that looks so much more readable . 
  i 'll look into that when i get some more time tomorrow . 
  thanks i guess . 
  yes , i started with python yesterday . 
  i know basic html and css , and have been playing with computers ( windows and dos ) since the mid '90s . 
  i have modified various programs and games , but usually in xml or similar . 
  my education includes electronics , so i know some digital circuits which has a few similarities . 
  thank you so much . 
  i 'll look into it when i get some more time tomorrow . 
  i 'm happy with a draw today , so i 've already put about # 40 on a city win . 
  no matter the outcome , i 'm gon na win tonight . 
  needless to say , i rather win 3p or 1p than # 60 ... 
  i found it weird , but the looks of a shader depends on which way i 'm scrolling through them . 
  ( it 's n and m to scroll , right ? ) . 
  so if i browse to snes using n , kinda like scrolling forward , it looks much like snes original graphics . 
  but if i go past it , and scroll back to snes using m , it looks different . 
  i guess it 's a bug . 
  i too think it should stay as close to the original as possible , i would even like to maintain the pixels without smoothing them in any way . 
  looking at these numbers now , i 'm slightly more optimistic .
