  i guess i should either add some support underneath the benchtop , add legs on the middle , or maybe even both . 
  i do n't think cedar is very common in norway , it 's usually pine or spruce . 
  oak is also available , but very expensive , not to mention teak or mahogany . 
  i guess glue works great on harder woods , but the soft ones that twists and turns would probably slip . 
  this is just guessing on my side , makes sense to me . 
  true . 
  how would putting a thick washer between each board turn out ? 
  good tips about the end grain . 
  i did consider some plastic pads for the feet , but i was thinking more of the decking at the time . 
  this is the city arendal in southern norway , seen from the west side . 
  the bridge ( which i 'm surprised you could see in that foggy photo ) is the trom\u00f8y bridge . 
   --  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqyatjmzoys, 
  i hate to be a jerk , but you messed up . 
  after 1.28 comes 2.56 , 5.12 , 10.24 , 20.48 and so on . 
  i know those numbers because i 'm a geek ... 
  my moms ex was a lazy bastard always sitting up all night watching porn and slept all day . 
  we had a vcr that were basically only used to convert and split satellite signals so we could watch the same channel in our bedrooms in the basement as they did upstairs . 
  now , he would always switch off the vcr when it was porn time , and switch it back on when he went to bed . 
  so no porn for me downstairs . 
  now , one day when i was home alone , i removed the front panel of the vcr and put black electrical tape over the light indicators and the part of the 7-segment display showing the time . 
  put the front panel back on , switched it on on viola , apparently off and as much porn as i could get . 
  i do n't know if he thought the vcr was broke , or if he just `` left it off '' , but it was like this for years . 
  i removed the tape bits before i moved out . 
  tl ; dr : i made my ex-stepdad distribute porn to my bedroom . 
  - is the fan noisy ? 
  - could it fit on the inside of the case ? 
  - do you blow air in or do you suck it out of the case ? 
  i 've always done this until recently , but now riaa and mpaa are allowed to access data on who 's behind the ip adresses ( norway ) . 
  until recently , the isps did n't tell . 
  if your ratio is < 1 , you 've made the torrent worse than it was when you started . 
  edit : set upload limit to 80 % of capacity so it does n't affect your download speeds . 
  it 's been a lot about it in the media last year . 
  i have n't heard about anybody being caught yet , but i guess that will happen . 
  probably someone uploading a norwegian movie . 
  dead snow 2 : red vs dead ? 
  xbmc media center , retropie arcade machine or simply a torrentbox/nas for example ... 
  you can also buy a second hand tv on finn.no for instance . 
  or if you buy new , put the recite in the name of a person already paying the license . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tleo7h9tqsm < -- the troll hunter official trailer . 
  seems relevant . 
  giggety, 
  trackmania ? 
  we also need defenders . 
  colo is probably heading back to south america , iron mike is not getting any younger and it would n't surprise me if mym left us . 
  we might even loose debuchy . 
  if there 's anything to the rumors of krul leaving us , we 'll reunite with sunderland in the championship after next season ... :(, 
  great job mister !, 
  what kind of wood did you use on the coffetable ? 
  damn , play ciss\u00e9 today , 
  i 've always interpreted `` v\u00e5ryr '' as `` spring horny '' ... 
  i was about to start another post , but this post seems relevant enough : a lot of toon supporters seems to be enjoying the fact that the mackems seems to be relegated this year , but is that what we really want ? 
  i want them to finnish 17th every year in the top flight . 
  we love hating them , but let 's keep them around for the tyne & wear derbys . 
  and let 's start winning them ... 
  what is giroud doing there ? 
  so # 70-75k / week then, 
  in a couple of weeks most likely , but it might come later in some situations . 
  the first and major payout comes around the 24th . 
  the same code i had in mind . 
  also : right , right , down , up , down + block + lp+lk in mk2 will make johnny cage punch their head off , not just once but three times . 
  will my players still insist on hiding behind a opponent and refuse to move towards a pass ? 
  i hate it when that happens . . 
  if you go as far as svolv\u00e6r , i think you should check out lofoten also . 
  7-zip also opens . exe like they were . zip files , typically installers . 
  handy when you want to extract drivers from a buttload of crapware . 
  i do n't get why so many still hangs on to winrar when 7-zip is so superior ( afaik ) . 
  in the past , i 've used the ones from http://www.thismonkey.com/ , but i had to renew them each season . 
  this year , i added the ones from within the google calendar , assuming google made them themselves . 
  it does seem nice as it has last seasons fixtures and the upcoming ones for this season a while already . 
  dunno if maybe google are slow on updates or anything ... ? 
  which nufc players do you guys go for ? 
  i think i 'll get krul , and i 'm tempted to try siem de jong or cabella , that 's a gamble . 
  how is janmaat going forward , can he be compared to debuchy ? 
  i guess pardew might stop him from doing so ... 
  maybe it just grew really really fast , like in one day and followed the sun on the other side . 
  they pay us more to use their colour ... 
  what 's the holdup ? 
  make this happen you fat bastard . 
  would love to see this happen !, 
  this . 
  and save a bookmark om your desktop . 
  you 'll even get a facebook icon for it , and marky z ca n't proceed to read your text messages anymore . 
  the internal battery is 2300mah , or 2,3 ah . 
  charging it with a 2,3 a charger would in theory mean it takes one hour to charge it from completely empty to full , less with your charger . 
  why is the gas so cheap in the us compared to europe ? 
  it seems to be approximatley the same price all over europe . 
  in norway , it 's about $ 9.5 - $ 10 per gallon . 
  you 're right , same here . 
  it used to be about 70 % tax/vat etc of the total price on our gas prices , i think it 's slightly less now . 
  but why is it like this in all ( most ) european countries , even the poorer ones ? 
  it 's quite usual to drive those distances here too . 
  most probably within 10-15 miles , but up to 50 miles is not unusual either . 
  on top of that , the road toll/taxes are often more than the cost of the fuel you spend on a give route . 
  is that a us gallon ? 
  if so , that 's pretty cheap for europe ... 
  seems solid like . 
  but i would reconsider coloccini , newcastle will not get many clean sheets this season . 
  and shaw , for # 6m you should get a guy who starts all/most matches . 
  loose tiote . 
  he 's not involved in the goals as he is a defensive midfielder , and he gets booked quite often .
