  this is n't done because they particularly like having a floating island parliament which moves around the sky , more that they are afraid , if they do try and change it , it might turn into something more like the belgian bodysnatcher model - and nobody wants that . 
   it must be terrible having that guy stood behind you , it 's not all bad . 
  i do do great neck rubs . 
  if emperor palpatine hears you say that you 'll be in for it . 
  it 's only rumours but i 've heard there 's a lot of shrugging involved . 
  no , not at all buddy , and i did n't read it as such . 
  more than you 're scottish and i wanted to voice my warning ` comment is free ' style to somebody that might have an in-situ voice in the scottish homelands . 
  for complete disclosure i 've always been anti-eu for the uk and pro- ( uk ) union , but i 've played an antagonistic son of a bitch in the past , in the sense that i 've cajoled scots to go for independence because it would be worse to england 's gain . 
  not that scotland would suffer , only not do as well in comparison , and that it it 'd be a catalyst to england 's gain . 
  that 's changed with the recent events . 
  scotland now would suffer . 
  not in relation to the uk 's loss of scotland . 
  it would now suffer disproportionately . 
  i 'm all for laughing , as an englishman , as scotland inadvertently puts vinegar in its eye , but i do n't want to see it poke its own eye out inadvertently with a poisoned fork . 
  i 'm a cunt . 
  an english cunt . 
  but a ` nice ' cunt . 
  i do n't want scotland , even an independent scotland , to walk into an eu punji pit , which i think it might . 
  i 'd rather put up with you arseholes hating us for another 500 years than see you coming to that sort of harm . 
  you can hug me now if you want ... 
  combination of both the scottish saltire and the concern for financial jobs . 
  clearly you 're against getting rid of a `` measly million jobs '' , it 's just that if they defend them , and scotland goes down the independence route , those million jobs protected will transfer into a hundred thousand scottish jobs lost , which will hurt scotland even more . 
  it was more a lame appeal that even if there 's scots out there that do want independence , not to support it out of old school allegiance and to underestimate the changes that are happening and the new consequences they might have . 
  you 're big boys . 
  you can do what you want but , even as an englishman , i would n't want to see you hurting out of misconception . 
  you seem like a genuine , polite , stand-up chap so i do n't doubt you in your recollection , but we should accept that soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale might not be exposed to the extent of other financial institutions , or that if either of us were such a ceo we too might downplay our own exposure on account of future financial speculation and investment . 
  france itself is however largely exposed to greek debt and somebody has to hold it . 
  if they default it 's not just the loss , but the derivative , the projection . 
  confidence is everything . 
   i do n't think it 's french exceptionalism as the french banks were n't hit very much in the greek default . 
  it 's more a `` preparing for the future '' kind of policy . 
  agree and disagree , with respect . 
  france is set * to be * hit hard by a greek default , even if it has not felt the grindstone yet . 
  it is going to take a massive hit if greece defaults , no doubt about it . 
  it 's not that france/sarkozy wants to socialise the burden of greek debt , it 's that he wants to lessen the wave for the private banks so they can keep invested and not pass the burden on . 
  the problem being there is n't the cash for that if the greeks do n't ` suck up ' and take many of the eu styled austerity measures , and they 've been aware of these for two years now and they 're still protesting , so it does n't look good . 
  afterall there 's little point in extending greek debt , as sarkozy argues , if they 're reluctant to agree or accommodate in the first place . 
  but that does n't answer why non-euro states should n't adjust their own interest rates if they see fit , when in reality before doing that they 'd simply adjust their own libor rates before effecting their own interest , effecting the populous at large . 
  cameron did n't propose increasing and imposing a greater maximum on the euro-states , he simply proposed that the uk should be able to extend the maximum regulated bank capital reserves for themselves as an eu member outside the euro . 
  on a related tangent to the original point of people bashing cameron for the sake of bashing cameron and being in bed with the rich and the bankers , everybody should remember the 31st g8 summit at gleneagles , even if not for the reason it deserved . 
  it was the summit which directly followed bob geldof 's live8 concert in london and across the world , the summit which was being held when the london bombings of the underground and tavistock square happened . 
  the summit where the g8 agreed to put a percentage of their gdps towards relieving the poor . 
  credit where credit is due . 
  2013 marks a checkpoint towards the declaration and of the eu countries represented at the g8 only one is on target , the one country that happened to be the first to install real austerity measures in a real fashion , the one eu country that despite austerity measures decided to ring fence their obligation from budget cuts : the uk . 
  before everybody jumps on the cameron protecting ` the bankers and the rich ' bandwagon , remember this : france , italy and germany have failed to meet their aid obligations under the 31st g8 conference , and britain went to the recent eu financial treaty meeting with a request that a non-euro member in the eu should be at liberty to place * more * regulation on the banking sector * if * they should see fit . 
   ( if any one has the source it would be interesting to read ) link to which ? 
  sarkozy watering down or cameron taking flak for supposedly protecting the banks ? 
  sarkozy in june wanted to extend greek loans over a greater period to take pressure off the private sector ; http://www.english.rfi.fr/europe/20110627-banks-talks-greece-sarkozy-sees-long-term-deal french accusation of protecting banks ( with a frenchman describing it as a smokescreen ) http://news.bbc.co.uk/today/hi/today/newsid_9656000/9656919.stm, 
  directly . 
  indirectly how many restaurants , house sales , bars , clubs , hotels , shops , shows , reap their own business profits , and pay their own taxes , on the backs of the suit-wearers employed in this industry ? 
  in reality we 're talking much more than # 50 billion a year and a million jobs . 
  it is totally fair for countries outside the euro to be provided with this exemption because they can increase their interest rates and tailor them to their economies , but britain has already put counter-measures in place , as i 've already said , by putting a levy on bank debt - meaning there is an emphasis now on creating wealth and not debt . 
  you do n't have to agree with them but they often give insights into the ` other side/sides ' , whichever side you may fall . 
  in this case the author is an economics journalist and former economics producer for bbc1 and radio4 . 
  ` comment is free ' is valid as long as it is kept in context : it 's biased personal opinion from an informed source - where journalistic objectivity to present all sides is not required - which is why it is not filed as ` news ' . 
  alternative opinions , interpretations and arguments are important in enabling the reader to make their own mind 's up . 
  so not tripe . 
  christ knows what will happen if scotland goes down an independent path and there 's two tier financing in europe with the rest of the uk not transferring powers . 
  personally i 'm all for the union between scotland and the rest of the uk but if scots decide for themselves that they want to tread another path then that must be recognised . 
  problem being can scotland afford to buy back autonomy of its banks ? 
  and if they do go down the independence route and negotiate their own entry into europe as a separate entity a lot of finance jobs are going to go south of the border . 
  they 'll have to . 
  my concern this time is genuine for scotland . 
  if people vote out of idealism , loyalty to traditional affiliation and out of old arguments , it might well be an idealist vote that chooses independence and the eu at what would be a disastrous time ; private sector jobs leaving edinburgh and glasgow when public sector and infrastructure costs , which otherwise could be accommodated , going up . 
  and in addition to `` for all the cameron bashing '' one of the key points on his list of requirements at the now infamous treaty-veto meeting was that cameron required the eu maximum on bank capital holdings to be raised . 
  increased regulatory capital reduces the risk of a bank having to be bailed out in the future . 
  far from cameron cozying up to the banks in this regard he wanted to hold them more self-accountable so the public in the future should n't have to bail them out . 
  that , and i think it is lost on some that the uk government at the start of the year raised the uk bank levy by 30 % , announcing only last month it will be raised again in the new year , for the third time , by an additional 13 % . 
  the uk already has imposed a fairer alternative to a financial transaction tax , a progressive tax set at .088 % for all debt , after x amount , with each country setting its own tax on profit , whereas the eu ftt is predicted at 0.1 % for stock and .001 % for derivatives for all transactions . 
  the uk 's position is for less debt and more regulatory capital for its banks . 
  the french position is more borrowing and less capital !, 
  my bad , the house of lords is very much independent from ` the commons ' , an entirely elected body . 
  the difference being is the lords is effectively a filter or a ` return to sender ' , the roles are exactly reversed between the european commission and the parliament - and that 's really dangerous when we know the parliament votes in blocs and on a quid pro quo basis . 
  europe has people outside public elected office making all the legislation and doing all the running , and then sending it through quality control which passes on an unread one for you , one for me basis . 
  difference being the house of lords works , and senior legislators are held much more accountable , and much more removable from power , than in the eu . 
  that 's why france must remember to adjust the microphones accordingly , possibly even hide the box he stands on to make addresses . 
  people are fickle , they 'll soon forget what they ca n't see and hear . 
  to be fair , when you 've got feet like a duck and no opposable thumbs you 're hardly likely to focus on the accent for marginalising you . 
  those are bond rates . 
  the interest rate in the uk , set by the bank of england is currently at 0.5 % . 
  the interest rate in the eurozone , set by the ecb , is currently at 1 % . 
  and we only pretend to let the yanky types think they won the american revolution . 
  we slapped them around a bit for jollies in 1812 and then moved our merchant banks and sleeper cells in . 
  a century or two is nothing to the british ; the game 's still afoot . 
  the house of lords is independent of parliament and mandelson 's third return to cabinet would be short lived . 
  the british system , removing mandelson for a third time , had proved itself to be far more democratic and responsive than the eu had ever been where he walked the corridors of brussels with high ranking impunity . 
  when he was in british public office the public could get him out , and did . 
  when he was in the commission nobody would get him out . 
  and then hilariously went on to release his memoirs , when labour was deciding on its new leader , memoirs which described brown , who 'd they 'd all worked for and defended in the election , as , `` mad , bad , dangerous and beyond redemption . '', 
  priceless !, 
  the man is without a conscience . 
  with dominique de villepin coming in at 6 ' 3 '' ( 1.91 m ) , david cameron measuring 6 ' 1 '' ( 1.85 m ) and nicholas sarkozy totting up 4 ' 8 '' ( 1.42 m ) this could actually prove to be the answer to the problem we 've all been looking for . 
  some might think that i 'm suggesting the recent failure to rationally negotiate comes down to angry little man syndrome but they 'd be entirely wrong , except for all the instances in which i am . 
  france just needs to remember to set all the microphones at chest level , villepin will win , and the crisis will be abated . 
  i 've heard the olympic torch is one of his horcruxes . 
  you know what you have to do ... 
  was . 
  not anymore . 
  and the scandals did n't stop when he was there either . 
  controversies over visas , meetings with oligarchs , sports cars on eu expenses ... you 'll be happy to know he 's working for an investment bank now and is one of those in line to be the next secretary general of the world trade organisation .
