  government would have no excuse to subsidise , the ` leeches ' or otherwise . 
  the one country that has been screwed over by all this , which deserves it least , is spain . 
   but that is a false . 
  i explained it to you again and again . 
  it is one thing a stronger currency and another purchasing power . 
  and i agreed , but where a stronger currency comes with purchasing power ( as your own link argues ) people from the stronger stand to capitalise : it is you that said a weaker currency meant more people investing , being tourists and i agreed ... but clearly the people moving and investing are doing so because the weaker currency means they have stronger buying power . 
  i simply stated better to be the stronger , the investor , the tourist . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  i already agreed a weaker currency would encourage exports , tourism , investment and migration . 
  i simply stated that those moving , investing , visiting , because of a weaker currency , they doing so would also have greater purchasing power otherwise they could n't do it , and i would far rather be they . 
  you also asked how a stronger currency could continue having buying power , and i explained how developed economies actually work , have worked , are working , and how it is an observable economic event . 
   ... as for the millions of britons in spain ... 
  so you accept that where you said it would take thousands for the economic effect i explained , that premise has now been met . 
   that would have been true , if i was the ignorant one . 
  rofl , you failed again . 
  in response to me not addressing your points . 
  did i not just quote your response ? 
  yes i did . 
  did you not just concede that there are millions where earlier you said it would only take thousands to effect ? 
  yes you did . 
  did you just misread a link , again , and have to be shown fault in your comprehension ? 
  sadly , yes . 
  for the second time you quickly moved on when you noticed your mistake . 
   if you have never said it , then why do you keep insisting ? 
  where are your proofs . 
  cause and effect dummy . 
  in response to : i 'd rather be the one investing , moving to exploit purchasing strength , and being able to buy more , consume more !, 
  how do i need proof to show what i would rather do ? 
  i 'd rather be the investor , the landlord , the one with the disposable income to be a tourist , ... if you 'd rather be the owned , the tenant , the waiter to the tourist that 's up to you . 
  i do n't require you to provide me proof of what you 'd rather , i just need you to get me my g&t from the bar i own speedily otherwise i 'll put your rent up !, 
   you are obviously trying too hard . 
  i have already debunked everything you have linked by what ? 
  saying a link is only 6 lines when it is not , or by saying it is * the telegraph * when the same paper would love to be lording it over how people were n't moving back and that the euro had n't grown on the pound ? 
  you literally wandered into r/europe and decided to make things up to fit your passportless world view . 
    thank you for accepting it at last . 
  there 's only millions of us doing it . 
   way to respond off context . 
  then again , you have already done it a million times . 
  possible reasons :  a ) stupidity b ) weakness oh yeah . 
  people are buying second homes and holiday homes , buying mortgage free properties and releasing their capital , extending their savings and improving their quality of life because they are either a ) stupid , or b ) weak maybe they 're doing it because they get better , more . 
  that they 're capitalising !, 
   rofl , you butthurt . 
  the article you linked stated that not me . 
  the article i linked supported what i was saying . 
  you just misread , again . 
   links without content . 
  you do understand your own language right ? 
  i have the added advantage of being to open up links and not misconception at every turn . 
  how many times did it take you to open up the read more link again which you said was only 6 lines and without facts or references ? 
  too many . 
   raging ? 
  hardly . 
  although , i admit i enjoy it quite a lot . 
  thanks for spending money in the mainland countries . 
  ** we appreciate your investments . 
  ** please , think about your country as well !, 
  ahhh . 
  so english is n't your first . 
  explains a lot . 
  leaves more questions unanswered though . 
  how could you have not known that there had been a massive middle class exodus of the british to the eu to capitalise on their comparable wealth with the strength of the pound ? 
  after all you said it would take thousands to exact the influence i was talking about , and i struggle to see how a continental european could n't know that to be already the case ... 
   no proof here . 
  as i said before it is one of the advantages of a stronger currency . 
  we were discussing about a specific point that you thought i conceded . 
  go back and read from the start sherlock ; one specific point which i said i 'd take over the other points . 
  that i 'd far rather be the one capitalising on being able to move to a country with greater purchasing parity for my stronger currency than having to be moved to . 
   million britons in spain ? 
  when ? 
  for which purpose ? 
  what salaries do they have . 
  what the fuck again . 
  y' up . 
  [ there 's a million britons in spain . 
  ] ( http://www.google.co.uk/#sclient=psy-ab&amp;hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;source=hp&amp;q=million+brits+in+spain&amp;pbx=1&amp;oq=million+brits+in+spain&amp;aq=f&amp;aqi=q-n1&amp;aql=&amp;gs_sm=e&amp;gs_upl=1279l5078l0l5339l22l20l0l0l0l0l464l7355l3-11.8l19l0&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.cf.osb&amp;fp=272f70818a7b2089&amp;biw=1333&amp;bih=625 ) exactly what i 've been telling you . 
  i 've since told you i know from experience . 
  people in spain know it . 
  people in france know it . 
  british people capitalising on the weakness of the euro ( and the hither to strength of the uk property market ) , and before that weaker currencies , has been huge !, 
   you have completely ignored everything i have been writing the last 4 replies . 
  why do you do that , honestly ? 
  or you could just say i 've ripped every reply open , quoted it , and showed your ignorance and illiteracy !, 
  muwahahahaha  a weaker currency is not by itself sufficient to be exploited . 
  never said it was - you simply stated that a weaker currency brings investment , migration , and encourages export - which i all agreed to simply adding that i 'd rather be the one investing , moving to exploit purchasing strength , and being able to buy more , consume more !, 
   you need to tell me what buying power as a whole those people have to infer how they will affect the market . 
  you already conceded that point . 
  you said that for the effect to happen would take thousands ; we 're now talking in terms of hundreds of thousands , millions over years even . 
   read the quote . 
  there is no cause and effect . 
  wo n't even bother . 
  you fail . 
  `` read the quote ... wo n't even bother '' ??? 
  i just had to get you from saying it was only a 6 line article without facts or sources , to you saying it was a 6 line article but grudgingly accepting there 's a big stream of fact & sources , to you now arguing there 's `` no cause and effect '' !, 
  you make dunkirk look like a charge forward . 
  no cause and effect ? 
  even the headline says , * strong pound and booming house prices help brits move abroad '' , and everything thereafter is to support it . 
  fail . 
  fail . 
  epic fail . 
   you capitalise on a stronger currency ?
