  one which was completely impractical because it could never be replicated , and one where the country is being crippled by rapidly rising living costs year on year . 
  imagine having a job where you effectively earn 15-20 % less , year on year . 
  incidentally britain 's actually been there before . 
  it was in the late 1970s . 
  guess what ? 
  not . 
  good . 
  time . 
   if you find yourself getting angry at people on the internet whom you do n't know . 
  i 'm not angry at all with you . 
  i 'm ridiculing a stupid argument often seen and made in reference to the us . 
  it 's the first time i 've seen it made in regards to the eu . 
  do n't confuse anger at you for what is really contempt and disdain for an argument . 
  it really should have died from common sense on conception . 
  the euro crashing would n't be a happy wobble where europeans just went into ` china mode ' . 
  it would be a depression . 
  even the uk foreign office has had to make plans for in the event for what it would consider to be rioting , massive civil unrest and hundreds of thousands of people stranded with no access to money . 
  if you thought i was being offensive this time , the next person that makes this ludicrous illiterate argument is getting both barrels . 
  i 'm not bitter i 'm reveling in this ignorance that if the currency crashed everything would be okay because then you 'd be able to compete with the emerging economies . 
  yeah , you could , if you 're willing to settle for a wage comparable to theirs , and a quality of life comparable to theirs . 
  i have suspicion it would feel more like bootcamp to most though . 
   it 's fascinating how you use the word `` woman '' as a pejorative . 
  how is it being used as a pejorative ? 
  i could just as easily have used man . 
  i just thought you wrote effeminately but with a beautiful rose coloured glasses like argentina with its blissfully weak currency is some ethereal wonderland . 
  an innocence if you will . 
  50:50 chance . 
  i like the way you thought i should assume you were a man . 
  you misogynist , you . 
   i 'm actually a man , by the way . 
  let 's not jump to conclusions . 
   you did n't prove how it is exploitable . 
  i did n't think i 'd have to !, 
  especially if you then went on to explain it yourself ; 1 ) firms that find it easier to sell because people in a stronger currency find it easier to buy - they 're getting cheap stuff !, 
  they have more stuff . 
  they have more luxuries and conveniences . 
  2 ) you say tourists spend more time visiting , i say those with a stronger currency spend more time visiting new places and being on their holidays !, 
  3 ) you say more investment , that 's because those with the strong currency have more buying power !, 
  if you 're okay with your infrastructure and industry being owned , controlled by outsiders then fine we have a beautiful symbiotic relationship , because i 'd rather be from the country that owns it . 
   if you do indeed retire in mistyriver 's country , be certain that they will be more than happy to accomodate you . 
  you will pay taxes and buy property . 
  please , do not hesitate . 
  if she 's in this wonderful weak currency utopia i will . 
  it will be utopia for me but i 'll be the one in the big house , i 'll be the one in the swanky restaurant , i 'll be the one that decides who gets a job , i 'll be the one buying luxuries beyond their measure . 
  but if she comes from the us and it 's the us you 're talking about with this now wonderfully weak usd then oil and international hedge funds are no longer using it and the us has undergone a massive crash . 
  so careful what you wish for . 
   actually manufacturing in developed countries is cost competitive to china . 
  evidence ? 
   , more and more companies are actually either moving their operations back or moving into new locations such as vietnam and other south-east asian countries . 
  that does n't help . 
  i do n't particularly want parity with the philippines or vietnam either . 
   and of course there are less developed countries inside the european union like romania and bulgaria which are/could become lucrative locations for manufacturing as their low cost labor and location near markets make them a not a bad place to be . 
  so britain would do well by becoming a romania or a bulgaria ? 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  if a country has a strong currency you can exploit a weak currency . 
  if you have a weak currency you will be exploited from outside , unless you have a totalitarian government . 
  zimbabwe is n't being exploited , and if it did n't have a totalitarian government i could fly there tomorrow and buy an estate with pocket change . 
  if you have a weak currency in a free country you will be priced out of a quality of life , foreign investment will buy everything . 
   agentofmisdirection ... if you intend to emigrate to north america , ( and especially if you want to settle in canada ) what are you blathering about , woman ? 
   but a lot of sudden insights start to crystallise when we start looking at things as they occur in the real world . 
  which is why i just gave you links ...  if you 're not willing to look with a fair mind and in detail at argentina or iceland as examples of western economies i did . 
  iceland in its entirety has a population the size of europe 's 90th biggest city . 
  the idea that what works in geothermal iceland would work elsewhere is preposterous . 
  it is in a unique situation . 
  when you look at argentina the only lessons to be learned there are precisely what the pitfalls are . 
  24 % inflation , they 've had to bring in other countries to print their money because their own presses ca n't keep up . 
  any savings , any capital , is spindling through a time-glass . 
  they 're barely treading water . 
   what countries are you willing to look at with me ? 
  well if you 're trying to establish a working model try finding a country whose currency is n't in the last death spiral before going down a pan ( rules out argentina ) or one that could in a 1000 years be replicated ( rules out iceland ) . 
   however nations like china , the uk , japan , and germany are really hard-working places . 
  i do n't think that you folks in the british isles have anything to fear at all from a weak currency . 
  simply could not afford to feed the car if oil is going to continue being priced in dollars ... for a start . 
  britain is technology and high end manufacture , cheap currency does n't come into . 
  i 'll tell you what will happen though , other than there being a lot less cars on the road , the cost of living would go up and purchasing parity would go down . 
  i do n't need to speculate to know what would happen there . 
  there are plenty of examples to light the way ... two words ; one is five letters and you keep it in your skull , the second is also five letters and water flows down it . 
  i 'll take the strong currency every time thanks . 
  expect me in your lovely country by my late 30s . 
  i 'll be looking for a cheap , expensive to you , retirement home where i shall live like a king with my comparative wealth , which i shall endeavour to use to buy your wealth . 
   iceland and argentina are the case studies we should look at . 
  iceland ? 
  it 's only got a population of 300,000 and it sits on a thermal vent . 
  you couldn , ' t use it as a template if you beat it into shape with an iron bar and then shoe horned it . 
  as for argentina ... well sure if you want runaway inflation and a government in denial which has left the cost of living skyrocketing year on year . 
  economists consider that they have a 14 percentage point disparity in the official inflation rate of 9.89 % and the unofficial 24 % . 
  argentina literally ca n't print money fast enough , they 've had to pay the brazilian presses to make high denominations for them . 
  consumer goods are set to rise 30 % next year and the government is setting inflation at less than 10 % . 
  that spells pain !, 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/what-is-argentinas-true-inflation-rate/2011/10/31/giqapx1ecm_graphic.html http://blogs.ft.com/beyond-brics/2011/02/07/argentina-cant-print-enough-pesos/, 
  i bet they have at least one new friend in the next week . 
  the czech 's jan zahradil , president of the european conservatives and reformists group , has already come out in britain 's defence : [ `` none of you are entitled to speak for 26 member countries ... i have to defend this country because what mr cameron did was just defend his country , its national interests , in the same way mr sarkozy and mrs merkel did . 
  they pretend they are speaking on behalf of europe but they were speaking on behalf of themselves only . 
  '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m01uxhpyi8&amp;feature=player_embedded#t=10m28s ) so not quite on their own , and whilst this truth might get some hackles up i 'd wager there 'll be more such voices in the next few weeks . 
  i 'll even go out on a limb and say wednesday . 
  but other than that ; go czech republic !, 
   if the euro loses value significantly , it 'll make european manufacturing more competitive with powerhouses like china . 
  it baffles me when i see this argument being used in the us , it baffles me doubly more so when it comes across to europe . 
  it 's an argument that should have died a death from common sense a long time ago . 
  china 's mass manufacture is different to europe 's specialised manufacture .
