  ------ ** you controversially conceded a point i 'd made if it happened in the thousands . 
  before we move on let 's acknowledge that you now accept that it happens in the hundreds of thousands , and it is , in fact , an actuality . 
  ** ----- concede this concession/contradiction by you , and we 'll address the rest ... 
  damn , tomorrow comes fast ... let 's take your points one at a time : you said that the effect that i was describing , after arguing against it , that if ( a concession in itself ) that were it to be true it would mean thousands ( your capitals ) , instead i showed the case in real life to be hundreds of thousands ( my capitals ) . 
  since you 've accepted if the argument i was making would only be applicable in the case of thousands , do you now concede this , your third concession . ? 
  -------- ** you controversially conceded a point i 'd made if it happened in the thousands . 
  before we move on let 's acknowledge that you now accept that it happens in the hundreds of thousands , and it is , in fact , an actuality . 
  ** ----- this calls for either a contradiction or a concession on your part . 
  address this ( your third concession to my argument ) , and then i shall address your other points . 
  you have so far exhibited a point of abandoning an argument when it does n't see fit , so address this one and then the rest will be addressed . 
   oh god , you are such a helpless clown . 
  that does n't change you 've just had to make concessions that i 'm right , and as an opening salvo it certainly does n't help your credibility . 
  i shall , of course , rise above it ...  maybe you will stop getting destroyed in future debates again , it is you that 's just conceded you 're wrong so condescension is n't a luxury you can afford . 
   that 's tragic . 
  if you can not perceive the meaning of words in a specific context , says the one that that came out with 3 points to which i specifically addressed and agreed with , but highlighted the alternative , more provisional perspective , and to which you tried to argue that i had n't addressed at all , and then conceded later that , in fact , i had . 
  you would go on to address them . 
  cognitive dissonance much ? 
   but this is not a negative to the currency !, 
  both gain and that 's why it is a symbiotic relationship . 
  of course it is . 
  again . 
  i agree and i always have . 
  i simply argued one gained far more than the other ... and i showed real life examples proving it . 
  you however seem strangely evicted from providing real life examples . 
  i simply maintain it is better to be the owner , the land holder , the investor the tourist , than it is to be the owned , the tenant , the invested and the visited . 
  of course the owned , the tenant , the invested and the visitied has gains , much as any slave would - but they 'd swap it in an instant to be the master . 
  me tarzan ; you cheetah . 
   the foreigners with a stronger currency need to come in thousands to affect the prices . 
  ` effect ' if you 're going to use my language , if you do n't mind . 
  whatever , i just provided sources that that is in fact what happens . 
  bury your head in the sand if you wish . 
  you just conceded that it would mean thousands of people to deliver this ` e ` ffect , to ` a ` ffect it as i said . 
  i simply showed how the figure is in the * hundreds * of thousands . 
  so again i accept your concession . 
   b ) depends on the magnitude of the foreign market forces . 
  of course it does . 
  i agree . 
  but you 're the one relying on an argument of stronger currencies investing and moving to weaker currencies and economies to exploit their advantage . 
  you 're actually arguing my point , beyond 101 you 'd appreciate this . 
  it 's okay , i 'll wait . 
   and this is the basic , super-standard mistake a rookie makes . 
  you just answered instead of me . 
  more people . 
  thank you . 
  to be clear you just argued that more people bidding on a property does not drive the cost up . 
  you had been arguing that a middle-class migration to weaker currencies did not drive the price up for those already there . 
  * you just forgot what you were arguing for the sake of arguing , did n't you ? 
  * n00b  and yet you failed to counterargue , again !, 
  that was in response to you saying that it was only the rich moving to a weaker currency to exploit , and to two links provided by me which showed that it was the middle-class exploiting the weaker currency , and a weaker currency professional moving to a stronger currency . 
   see you tommorow , my cute little sausage . 
  my cute , little sausage could do this to your ignorance hole all month . 
  it 's a completely different type of manufacturing . 
  the argument is that we 'd compete with china by having a weaker currency . 
  a weaker currency would mean we 'd get paid less than what we already do , and we 'd never be able to compete with the manufacturing china does unless you want to decimate the average salary and lose a bushel of worker rights and unions . 
  you 've actually provided additional argument for my case . 
  it 's nothing to do with currency why britain can export , the pound is a hell of a lot stronger than the yuan but british manufacturing perseveres because it provides high end manufacture . 
  the pound can go stronger and stronger but they still have to pay to get that level of engineering . 
  china is low-grade mass production . 
  the pound could keep falling for ever and a day and it is not going to be competitive with china . 
  thank you . 
   what your brain can not comprehend is that the country with a weaker currency is weak . 
  you are perceive the reality in such a false way that it is disgusting . 
  oh , you 're starting to lose it . 
  i never said that the country with a weaker currency is always prosperous . 
  did n't say you did . 
   what i did though was to state the obvious consequenses of having a weaker currency . 
  and i agreed , which really seems to have gotten your goat . 
   you on the other hand tried , in a completely reactionary manner , changed the subject with the object and used the words `` weaker '' and `` stronger '' with their literally meaning . 
  when writing and using words i find literal use to be helpful ...  this simplistic view is why you can not understand the reality . 
  or , from an objective angle , why i have an understanding of reality you struggle with . 
   you did n't answer my question . 
  yes i did . 
  i even did it with real world examples . 
   if your economy is not competitive then your state and the firms will borrow to fulfill the demands . 
  you ca n't pay the loans back ? 
  you go into recession and i agree but that has nothing to do with what we were arguing . 
  you might want to shoehorn it in as a diversion because you realise you 're on a losing streak , but it 's not going to help . 
  you gave 3 examples , i agreed to all of them , but simply highlighted that you were only seeing it from one angle . 
  you were all for singing the praises of a weaker currency bringing in tourism . 
  i simply pointed out that if the tourists were coming because they had a stronger currency , they also had disposable income , greater ability to travel . 
  i know exactly which side of the deal i 'd rather be on , and if you were being honest so would you . 
   a ) the specific french countryside property is mainly being used by the rich . 
  what this means is that rich french will not have a problem buying it . 
  no it 's not . 
  you 're just assuming that . 
  it 's being nearly 100 % used by the middle-class . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  it 's not what is open to discussion . 
  it is an observable fact that it is the uk middle-class and the retired that have bought secondary , holiday and retirement homes on the continent . 
  they 're not rich in their own country , they 're just comparably rich once they 've moved their assets into a weaker currency . 
   if foreigners acquire property it does n't mean that the prices will rise . 
  for fuck 's sake , how did you infer that ? 
  you really are fond of your schoolboy errors are n't you . 
  if demand goes up prices will go up . 
  if there 's more people bidding , prices will go up . 
  if it is comparably rich foreigners driving up the demand then prices for the natives will be seen to go up significantly as to if the jonny foreigner was n't there . 
   you think the market as a simple dynamic system . 
  it is n't . 
  there is demand , supply , foreign and local investment . 
  i think you 're going to find it hard rationalising to any economist that if there are more people bidding on a property that the price does not go up .
