  clear ? 
   that 's exactly why i said there are laws . 
  the advantage both the usa and uk have is this : devaluation / appreciation . 
  contrary to the eu these nations can control their currencies . 
  you can still legally exploit if you have laws . 
  you just gave 3 examples yourself . 
  if i get a cheap deal and inflate your weaker currency market i am exploiting the situation . 
  it 's legal , but i 'm still exploiting it . 
   it would ironic indeed , if i was talking nonsense . 
  i do not . 
  it was , and you just did it again ... shakes head . 
  walks away . 
   thank you for calming down and being a bit more reasonable . 
  that comment is one i think that i can respond to ... 
  i doubt it but i 'll humour you . 
   i never once said that . 
  you are the one who wilfully misrepresented my statement by exaggerating it . 
  that is what you 're saying if you think a crashed or devalued currency is just an opportunity to compete with china . 
  you have to go a long way down and give up a lot of provision if you want to even approach a level playing field . 
  it 's silly . 
  it 's silly when used in reference to the us . 
  it 's doubly silly when used in relation to the eu . 
   i never asserted that the euro would lose value to the point that europeans are earning the equivalent of the average chinese wage of $ 250us a month . 
  that was your exaggeration you dreamed up because it was convenient for your way of creating an argument . 
  it certainly asserted that everything would be just fine because they could compensate by competing with asia . 
  not even close . 
   you do love being dramatic , do n't you ? 
  i have a penchant for it but i would n't say i love it . 
  i get the impression that you 're the one that 's trying to be provocative now - which i find funny . 
  i 'm also better at it . 
   i 've lived just above the poverty line in the usa my entire life . 
  i 'm quite happy at that income level . 
  christ , so that 's why this silly us rhetoric is being squeezed into a european context . 
  with regards you living `` just above the poverty line '' you just said that in response to 15-20 % wage reduction year on year . 
  how this did n't sink in as you typed it i do n't know ... if you had a 15-20 % wage reduction year on year you would n't be just above the poverty line . 
  you 'd be under it , and getting lower all the time . 
  that 's your second strike by the way . 
   germans very commonly make the argument that their economy is healthy exactly because the common currency keeps the valuation of the euro relatively low . 
  have you seen how the euro has compared to other currencies since its introduction ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/4140916/euro-vs-sterling-graphic-showing-how-the-euro-has-fared-vs-the-pound-gbp-since-1999.html http://uk.finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=usdeur=x#symbol=;range=my;compare=;indicator=volume;charttype=area;crosshair=on;ohlcvalues=0;logscale=off;source=;  many western countries were suffering the same malaise in the 1970s , including us across the pond in the usa . 
  and it was inflation in the uk ... a weak currency caused it !, 
   that 's just a glib way to say that you do n't want to consider your conversation partner 's models or make any concessions to him . 
  i do n't care whether it 's glib or not . 
  if anybody tries to argue that argentina 's monetary control should be held as a future model needs their head testing . 
  24 % inflation is horrific . 
   in which of my sentences or phrases do you feel that i have insulted you ? 
  i do n't think you could but it was in response to which you assumed that term woman was being as a pejorative , i simply bounced back a similar allegation of misogyny and you got ` haughty ' . 
  i do n't really mind . 
   sigh . 
  you do have to admit now though . 
  you did say something remarkably stupid . 
  no biggy . 
  you know better now . 
  i improved you . 
  do n't relapse . 
   you either deliberately ignored the reasoning or you are simply dense . 
  or i addressed every point and you are being dense . 
  let 's see shall we ? 
   i mentioned that the country has a stronger exporting power . 
  this is a fact . 
  and i agreed !, 
  i just looked at the other side of your point . 
  you said firms with a weaker currency find it easier to sell stuff to those with stronger currencies . 
  i said yes , and that means the people with the stronger currencies are able to buy more stuff because it costs them less !, 
   b ) tourists do visit the same place more than once . 
  millions of tourists visit great britain each year . 
  those people will spend more because their currency can buy more . 
  same consequence as above : the economy grows and i agreed . 
  i just looked at the other side of your point . 
  if you ask me whether i 'd rather be serving tourists or be a tourist being served on i 'll take the latter thank you very much . 
  and if i come from a land with a strong currency then guess what ? 
  i get cheaper holidays !!!, 
  again , i agree with your point but i 'd far rather be the one with the stronger currency . 
   c ) buying power = / = strong currency . 
  the foreign capital invests . 
  and i agreed but buying power most certainly does come with having a stronger currency over a weaker one . 
  that 's why `` foreign capital invests . '', 
  again , you 're probably spotting the pattern here , i just saw it from the other side and said i 'd rather be the investor than the invested . 
  there 's more money in it . 
   this makes no sense . 
  you will retire in the usa and you will pay taxes and spend your hard earned pounds to buy products . 
  oh , you will also buy a house , right ? 
  welcome to america ( btw i am not an american ) . 
  if the usd is the currency that 's weak then the entire country is bankrupt because nobody is using it as their reserve currency anymore . 
  oh damn right internationals would move to mop up after the riots died down . 
  yes they would buy homes and pay taxes but foreign investors would have a lot more buying power if converting from a strong to a weaker currency . 
  it would n't be good for americans though , the markets would become artificially inflated to capitalise the most on the foreign investors , leaving americans out in the cold . 
   this time do n't be hasty . 
  you have all the time in the world to respond intelligently . 
  oh the irony . 
  i think you 're projecting a bit there , love . 
  i only sounded back exactly what you said to me . 
  as far as having a reasoned conversation i answered that with my very first paragraph in response to when you said , * `` if the euro loses value significantly , it 'll make european manufacturing more competitive with powerhouses like china . 
  '' * i answered that by replying `` it 's an argument that should have died a death from common sense a long time ago . '', 
  there is no reason to the point you made . 
  if you think a society that 's used to a high standard of living is going to be happy competing with china by living on the sort of salaries they do , to the standards they do then reason has left the building . 
  europe has to drop a loooong way to reach competitiveness with chinese or east asian mass production . 
  oh , and fuel still comes in barrels in another currency and food imports are lot more expensive so travel is a luxury and eating is meager . 
  at least britain would get a fresh insight into the potato famine . 
  you then went on to cite to case examples as possible templates for how a weaker currency can work .
