  it 's written by boris johnson . 
  you 'll like it . 
  not even close . 
  in the whole star wars franchise darth vader never masters it either . 
  which is why you never hear him say it on camera . 
  so now you 're saying everything that we 'd expect someone building a death star to say , and saying it in exactly the way we 'd expect them to say it . 
  you 're 0/2 i 'm afraid , with only one to go ... last test : can you correctly spot the 5 differences in this [ picture ] ( http://imgur.com/hvmbf ) ? 
  take your time . 
  that 's exactly what somebody building a death star would say . 
  can you say squirrel ? 
  case in point ; peter mandelson . 
  one of the key architects of new labour and had stood on tony blair 's shoulder from the beginning . 
  was removed from public office - his position - untenable . 
  he was given perhaps the most powerful job in the eu ; trade commissioner . 
  when the public would n't put up with him anymore he was insulated from them by being promoted to the commission . 
  if not to keep other states in line , why are you building a death star ? 
  good job i 'm not then . 
  i fully expect it to be scaled up somewhat with regards to the uk , as would be only right , but as a major contributer already it could scale , scale and scale again and the eea would still be a cheap deal for the uk and a winner for the eu . 
  prisoner dilemma . 
  win : win . 
  in this case neither side can afford to lose . 
  i wo n't ignore your last paragraph because it 's credible . 
  i actually take the unusual approach that political power on the world stage should change and that the uk 's degree of command should change . 
  i certainly feel , for example , that the permanent members of the security council should reflect this . 
  i just believe that the uks role lies with being an adhesive for the future , rather than a component , and that this in itself can prove to be just as influential in different regards , if not more so . 
  i do n't really take a relative perspective , as you described it . 
  i actually think a looser reign for the uk would serve both the uk and the eu better . 
  when cameron asked that they should be able to hold uk banks to have * higher * capital limits than the eu i see that as a good sign . 
  it 's not that i think the uk is the greatest country in europe , more that it is an oddity , one of the leading oddities , a major player , in europe . 
  there 's an advantage to letting looser reigns for some . 
  there is already a two-tiered europe no matter what people think : net contributers and net beneficiaries . 
  to me it makes sense that there should be a third - a vanguard , as long as it meets all the social minimum requirements met by other members . 
  in short , if the uk bridge with the us and the eu has helped , strengthen such bridges and avenues and give them the freedom to do so . 
  rather than seeing the uk reluctance/brake in europe as a problem embrace it as a positive . 
  see as a strange sort of anti-eu ukian i do n't see that . 
  norway is still a component part of the eu defence agency . 
  britain still shares interests and links with europe - that 's not going anywhere . 
  likewise i honestly feel that as a friend with a foot and hand in many camps the uk could better serve the eu from ` outside ' . 
  britain with a foot in both the eea and the commonwealth , providing access to the single market , could actually bring more to the eu - and they 'd still pay towards the single market as an eea member . 
  but let 's bring it back . 
  the uk is , and still continues to be , part of the eu . 
  nobody is talking of reneging on contributions . 
  or a great day depending on your perspective - one that 's already being voiced . 
  diplomacy with an unwillingness to exercise a veto means nothing . 
  sometimes you have to be seen to be willing to roll midnight and to take the consequences . 
  cameron went with a promise of veto if reasonable demands were n't meant . 
  they were n't ; he walked . 
  that shows resolve . 
  if terms are ever renegotiated the uk should be in a stronger position . 
  he 's just set a tide mark . 
  the majority of his electorate respect that . 
  that in itself would destroy it . 
  punitive measures for leaving it ? 
  christ , it 'd be like confirming to every sceptic in the mainland that they 've woken up in slavery or an empire . 
  as it is eea members do contribute to the single market . 
  significantly so . 
  that 's part of the deal . 
  norway contributes its fair share , but at a far greater saving than if they were part of the eu . 
  eea members still contribute . 
  i 'd hardly argue that the single market as a british success , more a european success ; but given even that concession shutting it down now or anytime in the foreseeable will in itself be detrimental to many . 
  nobody wants to see it happen , although it is fair that protection of the free market was one of the points on david cameron 's list . 
  i do n't know why somebody chose to blue arrow that , you raised valid questions [ . 
  ] ( http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1482890/obamasarcozyg20.png ) as it is even the polish government has been forced to address what it sees as a problem . 
  granted the polish ability to largely buck the financial crisis has helped , but any large exodus leaves a wake . 
  i hope he returns , or somebody shows up , to give a polish perspective . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2011/world/europe/09/07/poland.return.migration/index.html http://www.guardian.co.uk/money/2005/may/15/workandcareers.europeanunion http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/0,1518,507079,00.html http://bulletin.sciencebusiness.net/news/75564/simpler,-broader,-bigger--eu-unveils-\u20ac80-billion-research-plan, 
  being anti-eu for the uk , but not anti-eu for everyone and quite pro-eea , i could understand why there might be real polish acrimony to the eu . 
  i 'm not one of the anti-immigration anti-eu lot either . 
  it does n't bother me in the least that there has been such a massive polish influx to the uk ; those that i 've met are willing , they graft hard and are pleasant . 
  if they can get the jobs then good luck to them , but you have to wonder what real longterm effects this exodus has done to poland back home though . 
  you ca n't lose your next generation and undergo a braindrain and not be rocked - for all the extra investment poland has received . 
  hopefully the downvotes did n't scare him off , but i can well understand why somebody might also be envious of stronger uk autonomy . 
  nobody 's perfect . 
  then again were n't the canadian aboriginals treated and protected rather well in the royal proclamation of 1763 and the treaty of fort niagara ? 
  my history for this period might be a little sketchy but was n't the shank of the ` fucking you over ' done in the 19th century , long after the declaration of independence ? 
  did n't most native americans side with the british ? 
  anything after 1776 and you have to blame the yanks and the french dear boy . 
  we did our best ... 
  uhm , you do realise that they all individually still have to win a public election in their own constituencies and then be able to form a government under a public general election ? 
  ca n't say that about the commission . 
  gsm to me . 
  no monocle , alas , but i do own a venturi style pipe . 
  i kid you not . 
  people laugh but i like it on occasion . 
  joking aside i am surprised scottish nationalists have n't been more concerned about these developments . 
  maybe they are but are keeping their cards closer to their chests . 
  if pro-eu scotland does vote for independence from the uk , which will now be outside the european transition tax zone , making it a lot cheaper for international financiers to use london than other european financial districts ( if they otherwise stay out of europe ) , it 's going to hit the scottish finance centres in edinburgh and glasgow hard . 
  if i were the snp i would be having closed door crisis talks right now , because their main party platform has just had several supports knocked from under it . 
  i did n't say it was all that defines democracy - but without it in healthy measure you ca n't have a healthy democracy . 
  the eu simply does not have it . 
  one politician can not represent two thirds of a million people in a demographic where in that pool of people there will be conflicting local political and economical concerns . 
   how confident . 
  well , compare with lok sabha , with 552 members , and us congress with 435 members . 
  does n't look like huge countries tend to create gargantuan parliaments , as this theory of yours would imply they should . 
  or it simply stands that democracy is a lot healthier in the uk than it is in india and the us . 
  and when you look at it , it is . 
  politically the us is stuck with no real alternative . 
   this candidate shall be elected by the european parliament so not elected by the people , again the ` demo ' in democracy , and everybody else in the commission is directly appointed i.e. 
  it is not democratic . 
   the current comission president was the commission president candidate of the victorious epp party in last elections .
