  does n't cut it . 
  you said the effect i was describing could work but only in the thousands at least . 
  i gave you hundreds of thousands , if not millions . 
  you either argue not with me but the past-you . 
   haha you little shitty troll . 
  surely it is n't fine since you use the premise as an argument . 
  rather i used your argument , agreed with you , but then said i freely wished to be on the other end . 
  you argue that a weak currency brings investment ? 
  fine . 
  i agree . 
  i 'd rather be the investor . 
  you argue that a weaker currency brings tourism ? 
  i agree . 
  i 'd rather be the tourist with the disposable income because of a stronger currency . 
  it goes on ...  what a fine sign of weakness . 
  ofcourse when you lose in the debate you start addressing irrelevant things . 
  you 're the one that referred to your original argument and then referred to it all being irony . 
  maybe this 'd work better if i conversed in your native tongue ? 
   delicious irony , so sweet . 
  so you are american !, 
  great ( you could n't possibly be canadian or anything south , well , you could but it would be improbable with your lack of european knowledge ) . 
  i thought as much . 
  your understanding of europe is poor . 
  really poor . 
  your surprise that there were more than a few thousand brits living in france or that there was a million with homes in spain was a give-away . 
  i thought i 'd leave the breadcrumb trap anyway . 
  by the way you just lied about ` you on the continent ' thing . 
  liar . 
   hope you will have a moment of self-reflection and realize how terrible you are at rational thinking . 
  as i had said before , you are either really stupid or just weak . 
  understand though that not all people are made equal and some are made for lesser work . 
  personal attack without foundation : water of a duck 's . 
  do n't call someone stupid or weak when they clearly know they have the upper hand , it makes you look ... well y' know ...  hunders of thousands . 
  billions and billions as carl seagan allegedly said . 
  you are a funny little man . 
  keep up the good work . 
  you are my personal jester now . 
  there , here 's a pound . 
   there , here 's a pound . 
  are you sure you can afford it , what with the superior currency and all ? 
  annnnywayys ... join me again ... you 'd rather me with a stronger currency to invest in you than you would have a stronger currency to invest in me . 
  you 'd rather be landtrapped by currency working with tourists than having tourists , with dispensable income because of the strength of the currency , visiting you . 
  i feel we 've reached a solution . 
  you would rather want to be my invested bitch and i am willing to be your investor owner . 
  have we reached a solution ? 
  i 'm happy if you are . 
   do n't lie . 
  i had n't seen the read more button but it did n't have any effect on my remark . 
  oh ... so you retract the first remark then . 
  course it has affect on your remark , read the headline !, 
  the whole article rams roughshod over your remark . 
   ofcourse they will do that . 
  so neither a ) stupid or , b ) weak then . 
  second point you made in that post refuted . 
   two things :  a ) this discussion certainly did n't contain only this point . 
   b ) you keep clinging on the fact that i did n't fully read the article . 
  i thought we were done with this . 
   c ) your last statement makes no sense . 
  where do you base it on . 
  that 's 3 things . 
  a ) which is why i referenced other replies , namely your first . 
  b ) you just said you did n't read the article because you did n't click the read more link c ) the article you just dissed , ad hominem , as being ` the telegraph ' , despite the telegraph loving to be the ones overlording it to the eu , not marking an exodus . 
  keep up , read the links . 
  oh the irony given your ( b ) . 
  that makes me 3 for 2 by your math ...  it is one thing to quote and another to respond to the content . 
  if logic worked like that everyone would be a mensa member . 
  again , i did n't concede . 
  i referred to the `` hundrends and thousands '' in context which you did n't address . 
  leave mensa to those that stand a chance . 
  you said it would take hundreds and thousands . 
  i showed you hundreds of thousands , on year , even millions . 
  you already conceded this . 
   problem is that the premise `` if ... you '' is not true . 
  sure it is when applying to what i 'd rather do , just as it applies to if what * you * would only do . 
  you 'd rather be renter and a servant , i 'd rather be a landowner , and a customer . 
  fine by me . 
   i did n't ask how a stronger currency will survive . 
  sure you did , or at least you tried to argue how a country with a strong currency could n't keep a strong economy - and you were shown in practice how it works . 
  these goal posts are n't for moving . 
  you said it . 
  you ballsed it . 
  i 'll hold you to your mistakes . 
   this was said in a sarcastic way and should n't be taken literally really ? 
  because that 's how you started this thread . 
  you 're now saying everything you 've argued should n't be taken on face value ? 
  fair enough . 
  i accept your concession ( although i suspect you need to go back to the start to appreciate the hole you 've dug , you clearly can '' t remember )  irrelevant , clearly relevant when i have to talk you through how to read posts , have to restate comments doubletime for you to understand . 
  you 've time and time again argued something i 've not said , tried to make out that i 've said something i did n't , and failed to understand , read even links properly . 
  your second language is very good , for a second language , but there 's no point me having to keep pointing you back to something so you can catch up to speed . 
  in fact that i 'm having to do that takes all the fun out of it . 
  i 'd thought you were a poorly informed american , not that all americans are , but now i know that your big problem is reading english articles , then i 'm done . 
  no offense but i 'm not an english teacher . 
  i 've given you plenty already to go back and study , and realise your mistakes . 
  hope you had a good christmas too . 
  * p.s. 
  telling someone capitalising on a weaker currency that they could n't capitalise on a weaker currency was great by the way - it 's not as if i do n't know of hundreds personally doing just that . 
  it 's a lesson to why a sales tax which avoids essential items is progressive . 
  it 's despairing in that spain should be the one eu country that should be heralded as heroes , they worked hard to become a net provider to the eu , they 're one of the few that took the eu laws and kept to them . 
  it 's sad in that if spain had n't joined the euro it could have changed its interest rates and avoided much of this pain before it came to be . 
  the government inadequacies would still be there , and would still have to be dealt with , but spanish business could have taken stock of itself , taken a deep breath and consolidated on all its growth over the past two decades , and then moved on with firm foundations .
