   for the prices to go up there need to be thousands of british wealthy midde class citizens to come to france , buy land and affect the market ( example ) . 
  well is n't that fortunate !, 
  ` cos there 's hundreds of thousands !, 
  the middle class are leaving to capitalise , immigrants turn up in droves to make for themeselves what they have made . 
  ask any honest frenchman or spaniard how many middleclass brits with young families or pensioners have moved into their countries and changed the property market . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-477006/196-000-574-000-record-numbers-leaving-britain-new-life-abroad--immigration-uk-soars.html http://www.guardian.co.uk/money/2005/may/15/workandcareers.europeanunion now try and insult me again , but it is observable fact , whereas you 're just speculating from a room without knowing . 
  in fact , since you said it would take thousands , and since we can see there are hundreds of thousands , i 'll take that as an admission that you concede the point . 
   it works because you still do not understand . 
  you insist on some pseudo-financial drivel . 
  you are ignorant and too proud to come off the bullshit . 
  which is strange because i 'm the only one that has been to show the effects happening right now of what i 'm arguing . 
  you 've simply been left trying to insult because i can see things from multiple angles and perspectives - which is why when you first raised up the three points and i agreed but simply argued it from the tourist 's , or the investor 's perspective , you could n't fathom . 
  you simply could n't hold two perspectives at the same time . 
  you are being spoon fed . 
  you are being told at least three times now how stupid and simplistic your premises are but you insist . 
   sorry mate i am not the one to back off . 
  you 're a squeaky toy and i would rather be a tourist with the money and time to travel , than receive the tourism and for the world to be too expensive . 
  why on earth would i want you to back off ? 
  that 's like the butcher wanting the pigs to back off the abattoir !, 
  sure he did , he mentioned the european union which is made up of nations , and he specifically advocated a humanist culture . 
  as it goes the european union also has recognised geographic boundaries , so he very much was describing a nation state . 
  actually i think you 'll find that he was exactly describing a [ nation state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation_state ) . 
  he proposes the state , he proposes the geographic location , he proposes the one culture . 
   `` the nation state is a state that self-identifies as deriving its political legitimacy from serving as a sovereign entity for a nation as a sovereign territorial unit . 
  [ 1 ] the state is a political and geopolitical entity ; the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity . 
  the term `` nation state '' implies that the two geographically coincide , which distinguishes the nation state from the other types of state , which historically preceded it . '', 
  your semantic arguments are no good here . 
  even the semantics are on my side . 
  you can take it that i think spending 2 million per request as excessive !, 
  that if they 've ever walked outside the house in their lives they also speak a second language , and if they 're that serious about keeping gaelic alive they can teach it for free in the community centre and speak it to their leisure down the pub , or just translate it their bloody selves !, 
  and yes , whether a culture lives , dies or changes is meddling when it is decided by the eu . 
   which you did n't prove . 
  i am attacking your conviction that the stronger currency has more benefits . 
  i saying that personally would far prefer being the tourist , and being able to afford to be a tourist , than servicing the tourist . 
  of course i 'd prefer it if travel was affordable as opposed to not . 
  if that 's not self-demonstrative then i do n't know what is . 
  ask someone if they 'd rather have their country , and companies in it , investing in other countries and buying profitable businesses , resources or whether they 'd prefer foreign nationals to be buying and owning companies that traditionally belonged to them . 
  if you 'd rather be bought than be the buyer then that 's your choice - you 're not proving anything to me either . 
  it is a symbiotic relationship , you 're just arguing you 'd rather be the weaker one who competes for the wealth of others ( foreign capital ) . 
  fine , i 'd rather have the wealth and the choice . 
   but you do n't mention where you get this money from . 
  you earn it by working in your country . 
  and i 'm going to go with , where countries with strong currencies currently get their money . 
  i 'm also going to remind you that as your foreign investor , with the strong currency , i own your factories , so if i do need to break off the desirable bits or pass the cost onto you then i will . 
  as already happens with stronger currencies and weaker currencies . 
  stronger currencies tend to have developed with mitigating circumstances and invariably it changes the structure of its economy . 
  if this is done properly it works and more specialised fields will open up to them . 
  the brightest and the best seek out these opportunities . 
  nobody can doubt that the comparable strength of the pound to other currencies has resulted in a brain gain for the uk . 
  that in turn leads to innovation and high end manufacture . 
  hence we see that little ol' britain with the 5th strongest currency in the world is the world 's 7th largest manufacturer and has the world 's largest financial centre . 
  the country with the strongest currency in the world has also the 5th highest gdp per capita in the world . 
  a strong currency does n't mean a weak economy if you capitalise on the benefits of a strong currency . 
  to a greater extent britain has and its only in the mess it is in now because of brown mismanagement and blair waste ... and given that , they managed to bail themselves out and are now the only potential g8 aaa bailer for the euro , other than germany . 
  it 's really not a problem . 
   if not then you are hopeless . 
  charming - i 'm the one that had to walk you through how i can agree to all your points from the ` other side ' and how it is easier to exploit countries with weaker currencies . 
  as for `` you do n't mention where you get this money from '' in relation to living it like a king ... not been to france or spain recently , can i take it ? 
  whole swathes of brits have been able to move out there and to change the property scene with second homes because of the strength of the currency , even though sometimes the taxation is higher . 
   you talk of the economy so vaguely . 
  it baffles me . 
  use a realistic example please . 
  says the one !!!, 
  i know it baffles you , i 'm having to stoop and still baby feed you . 
  okay , realistic example . 
  if you 're french or spanish you will have to pay more for a family home in the french countryside or on the spanish coast for the simple reason that foreign investment has driven the prices up . 
  if you 're in venice , italy , you might be very concerned for the local economy because most of the housing ends up in foreign hands and stays empty for most of the year , meanwhile local residents have to move away . 
  yes this is also because of desirable locations being purchased by the wealthy , but one look at what has happened to france and spain and it is clear that the wave of british expats are not limited to the elite . 
  they 're just wealthy in comparison . 
  pensions are worth more , uk dividends are worth more . 
  now i might have to work until i 'm 50 , 60 or 70 to be able to comfortably retire in my own country if it has a strong currency because it is all relative . 
  but if my currency has 10:1 parity with a weaker currency whatever pot of treasure i put aside for my retirement is worth 10x as much in the weaker currency . 
  so if i sell up and move there i will have buying power , if it is a migration prices will be move up artificially to the natives . 
  you 're right that i will also be able to buy a business , land , but it 's not the person that 's always lived there that is going to be the owner , the landlord . 
  that 's me . 
  he 's the worker and the tenant . 
   hint : remember friend , countries also lend to its other . 
  think before you type your answer . 
  your condescension only works if you use it before you make schoolboy errors , where i address the points directly and you accuse me of not doing so , which you later conceded , followed by a think before you type . 
  oh , i think even you know that the european union being a sovereign state would be bigger than any composite part . 
  he 's proposing a european union state . 
  ** `` my hope is that the european union one day becomes a sovereign state . 
  '' ** yes , yes he did . 
  you 're still here . 
  when you start telling british people how not to use their own language , and how it does and does not work , i can understand why they say `` i am british , not european . '', 
   i suppose i got what i deserved in trying to chat with a person from the uk like yourself , about this matter . 
  :d  it 's sad that you always feel you have to get digs in at your conversation partner , okay , that made me laugh given the sentence * directly in front of it * . 
  well , i did . 
  i agreed with everyone of your points but just pointed out that the people visiting , the people investing , the people with the stronger currency seem to have a much better deal . 
   this is not the other side of my point . 
  this is what we call a symbiotic relationship . 
  both sides profit . 
  if you agree with this , then we are in great terms already !, 
  oh for chris ` sakes you ca n't be that dense can you ? 
  the other side of the symbiotic relationship . 
  you 're singing all the praises for a weaker currency and how those with a stronger currency invest - i 'm saying the side of the symbiotic relationship that has the stronger currency appears much better off and gets a much better deal !, 
  and i stand by that . 
  you might be happy clappy about extra tourism . 
  i 'm happy clappy if i get to be a tourist because i can afford to live it up like a king because their currency is through the floor in comparison . 
  i 'd far rather have the stronger currency and be able to travel cheaply than have a weak currency and be priced out of it !,
