  72 meps split 4 ways in a sea of 736 meps . 
  added to that , if you 're going to argue eu law as being a force for good , despite the uk already batting well above the eu average in many regards as it is , then if it works across 26 countries it will work in a 27th . 
  this is n't a xenophobic rant - i think you 're all brilliant and i think you 'll make great regulations . 
  when it comes to standardisation of orange juice containers i think you 'll play a blinder and all the uk orange juice container manufacturers will just have to make eu orange juice containers if they want to sell to the eu common market . 
  britain is the only country which can be relied on to actually enact agreed laws anyway , and to do what they say they 'll do . 
  even outside the eu the eu4 becomes the eu1 . 
  remember the gleneagles g8 summit when britain , france , germany and italy all agreed 0.56 % of gdp by 2010 , and 0.7 % by 2015 , would go towards aid , and how there 's been a distinct lack of aid from france , germany and italy with only the uk being on target ? 
  yeah , the uk will take the same approach everybody else takes - they just choose on whimsy exactly how much or how little any regulation is enforced and interpreted . 
  but i particularly like this argument whenever it rears its disfigured head . 
  countries in the eea get far more autonomy than those in the eu . 
  eu states do have to accept whatever is passed , as it is passed . 
  even if you 're dead set against it , you can bet somebody is behind it if the commission 's written it and a voting bloc that is utterly indifferent will vote for it on the understanding that another bloc will support them when the shoe 's on the opposite foot . 
  the idea that being a part of the eea but not the eu means giving away net power is barren , especially when it means they can now control their own duty , trade negotiations , fishing and agriculture policy - all of which would otherwise come under the european commissioners ' claws , none of which are put into their seats of power by public election . 
  the argument staying in the eu gives you more say is like cutting your toenails with a shotgun . 
  technically it works , you do get an irrelevant say , but you lose say in so much more . 
  but please join our german friend in asking danish politicians to tell the uk they 'd support them being part of the eea if it wants a referendum to leave the eu if you think it would be a poor deal for the uk and a good deal for the eu . 
  if the offer is forthcoming we will literally do the rest and make it happen . 
   `` debt is our only weapon and we must use it to impose better conditions , because recession itself is what is stopping us complying with the accord . '', 
  keep saying that and they 're not getting out of the recession . 
  news on the street will be ` do n't do business with the portuguese , they do n't pay their bills . ', 
   maybe it is time , that the uk joins the eea and leaves the institutions to a fiscal union , that really needs democratic control . 
  for the love of hitchens , yes !, 
  the only thing that 's an advantage to uk about being in europe , the four freedoms , comes with the eea anyway . 
  maybe scale up from norway 's contribution to be in the eea to make it british sized , but keep the rest of the money . 
  the only loss of ` power ' would be some bureaucratic decisions to do with what size boxes things come in , and what additives can and ca n't be used - common market stuff and consumer rights , which britain leads the way on anyway . 
  none of the decisions would have to effect britain itself either . 
  everything else is gold . 
  control of the fisheries , agricultural policy , budget spending , ngos , duty and trade negotiations , a seat on the wto , all financial contributions and waste , an end to the assault on democracy . 
  yes , please . 
  tell all your german politicians to offer britain a place in the eea if britain has a referendum . 
  we 'll do the rest . 
  rename it the ` we need britain to rescue us from ourselves ... again ' tax , and i 'll consider it . 
  i wo n't worry about it . 
  i wo n't do what they tell me . 
  by the down votes it looks like i 'm getting it . 
  what 's goin ' on ? 
  i 'd rather die than give you control . 
  okay , fine . 
  it is both the british and the p.op w.ill e.at . 
  i.tself way . 
  honestly , must all you children of the 90s blow things up to the size of a cow ? 
  malcolmtucker nailed it but , and this is by no means an indictment of you because you can but ask if you do n't know , if you want it on a , b , c level , if a country owes x amount in a certainly currency that it controls , it can devalue that currency making it easier to pay off x amount i.e. 
  say i owe you 10 ` clams ' and 10 clams is worth one lamb , but then i devalue the clam currency so that 20 clams are now only worth one lamb , i now only owe you half a lamb and not a full one . 
  i still owe you 10 clams , it 's just that 10 clams used to buy you a full one and not a butchered one . 
  this in itself is going to have other effects on the market for the future , but essentially in paying off your debt , if i owed 10 clams to you and 10 clams to someone else but only had one lamb , i could effectively pay you both off with only one lamb by depreciating the value of the clam . 
  controlling a currency has a bit more to it than that . 
  you can control lending and borrowing , you can control its strength tempering imports , tourism and exports . 
  as of itself it encourages investment . 
  it gives market stability . 
  you will now be our favourite german , and we shall shower you in rubies and emeralds ... 
  you do n't , my hairy scottish friend . 
  we adopt the correct british stance , feet a shoulder and a half width apart , and stand concentrating on growing our just-in-case-quivering-lip-covering moustaches . 
  then we take all the punches everybody might throw , like british oaks . 
  there 's glory and treasure to be found in this yet , but let them throw their cards down first . 
  a week ago it was 26 vs 1 . 
  it is they , not we , whose position will weaken if our moustaches sit resolute . 
  i already feel the disturbance in the force . 
  it is the british way . 
  be shit , appear to be beat , and then come out fighting . 
  we then save the girl , kill the baddies , and save the entire planet . 
  it is . 
  the british . 
  way . 
  an albino monk would say that . 
  [ i know where they could easily get their hands on at least a cool $ 15 billion just lying about . 
  ] ( http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,833509,00.html ) on an x-files note ... stop reading , you 'll need to turn up your speakers and [ open this to add to the atmosphere before carrying on ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdzbghbhqt8 ) ... everybody remember the saint malachy prophesies which has ratzinger as the penultimate pope ? 
  good . 
  here 's what it says about the last pope : peter the roman , who will nourish the sheep in many tribulations ; when they are finished , the city of seven hills will be destroyed http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pope_prophecy#popes_and_corresponding_mottos i know , right ? 
  can you imagine a crashed and destitute rome , with romans knowing about all the wealth hidden in the vatican . 
  that 's a sort of pressure that builds and builds until its on par with the bastille . 
  then again i always thought that if they really were in the business of helping people the vatican would have put all its loot up for sale a long time ago . 
  but some might say saint malachy predicted that italy will crash ... more importantly i wonder how many catholic italians believe it . 
  i like you . 
  do you know any lords of photoshop ? 
  dude , i 've seen all the star treks and i know exactly how this pans out . 
  the emperor will pretend to be all compassionate , conciliatory and pro-senate then just when you 're not expecting it !!! pow !!, 
  ! ... force lightning !, 
  not me though . 
  [ i knew who palpatine was all along . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/hvmbf ) that 's why you should always carry a sausage , just in case you need to make a quick escape . 
  in the interest of honing my art do you think i could have gotten away with [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/wwtkh ) ? 
  was it the magazine 's name that gave it away ? 
  i know i should n't push it so far but sometimes i just ca n't help myself . 
  as a footnote even the belgians do n't like the belgian model but constitutionally changing it would mean having to enter their parliament to vote and nobody wants to do that because of all the bodysnatchers inside . 
  this is why belgianese politics is entirely founded on the principle of not forming a government , and they 've become incredibly adept at it . 
  yes sarkozy , although his real name is manuel sanchez but he was kidnapped by a traveling french circus touring in mexico when he was four years old . 
  he spent the next 15 years working as a human cannonball which goes some way to explaining his short stature and why he tries so hard to look french . 
  i know everything there is to know about french national politics . 
  i was champion for seven years straight at the academy on this particular subject . 
  ask me anything . 
  did you know that french magazine la houpdaloup did an expos\u00e9 on him when he was with his previous girlfriend and apparently he 'd dug a 1ft trench that wound itself through every room in the house , and his girlfriend was only allowed to get out of the trench when going to the bathroom or when getting into bed ? 
  that and when mayor of neuilly-sur-seine he made all his decisions in his cushion fort behind the sofa . 
  seriously . 
  you could n't make this stuff up . 
  legend says there is a tunnel buried under the french parliament which leads deep underground and that all parliament sessions are done behind closed doors because in reality every time the parliament is in session morlocks rise up from the deep and give french politicians their orders . 
  some even say that the channel tunnel was actually a french-morlock ploy to do the same with the houses of parliament , one which was only foiled when the tunnel came up too early somewhere near folkestone . 
  compounded by the fact that the french have a useless sense of direction and morlocks hate stopping strangers and asking the way , they decided to call it a day and go home . 
  true story . 
  my understanding of the french parliament is that it is housed on a floating island that is constantly moving around the country , and if you know where it is you ca n't know where it is going , and if you know where it is going you ca n't know where it is - which makes things very complicated and also explains why it is impossible to get a taxi-cab in paris . 
  parisian taxis are entirely occupied by desperate french politicians , sometimes going back several generations , half of whom just want to track the damn thing down once and for all so they can vote on having a static parliament , the other half want to track the parliament down so they can vote against those voting for a static parliament .
