  still not voted for by the people , again . 
  every mp and mep is voted for directly by the public , meps obviously being far less representative , but commissioners are n't . 
  the public never voted for peter mandelson or baroness ashton to be commissioners . 
  mandy even took commission after being forced from public office , ashton has never held public office . 
  it 's really straight forward but cognitive dissonance gets in the way . 
  in no identifiable way is the eu executive or legislative more democratic . 
  it 's certainly a lot more aloof . 
   oh , i agree - there are many better and more democratic system within the eu than the one used in eu institutions . 
  i just do n't think uk has one of them . 
  so the eu is a lot less democratic for ` many ' of the eu members - and you do n't understand the uk . 
  but i 'll take your concession . 
  you just said that the eu is less democratic than many of its constituents . 
  fine . 
  i 100 % accept that . 
  for god 's sake old boy , get a grip . 
  the uk is incredibly integrated with europe . 
  it 's still part of the eu and even if the uk does choose to leave , party poppers aside , it does n't stop it being part of the eea . 
  everybody 's going through an economic crisis and austerity . 
  they , either side , are not going to cut off uk-eu trade and links at a time like this . 
  everything will be fine . 
  a couple of politicians had a little spat . 
  keep calm and carry on . 
  hardly . 
  i agree it 's not achieving its potential but it is nothing closely resembling a joke . 
  in the 50s france wanted to join - so think on it fondly more of a small acorn in incubation . 
  that should be easy enough for you ... ... small penis joke . 
  lol . 
  i kill myself sometimes . 
  would an athletic yet buxom maid of loose morals in a tight , red dress and a broken shoulder strap do that ? 
  so with the eu then ... 
  children learn in high-school that the second world war cost britain its empire , and this lesson sticks . 
  in reality the empire was being radically overhauled long before the outbreak of war with the 1931 statute of westminster and the 1926 balfour declaration . 
  the empire did n't collapse , it * evolved * !, 
  of 54 commonwealth nations 52 were part of the british empire . 
  britain has a commonwealth , with all of the good of an empire and none of the bad . 
  is it an empire as such ? 
  is it an enlightened empire in all but name ? 
  yes . 
  britain has an extremely special relationship with 54 nations , and only 2 of those are fellow eu members ; malta and cyprus . 
  so when somebody says britain has a larger empire they actually do have a much larger gang than the eu27 , with a combined population of 2.2 billion people over 6 continents , if you make the continental distinction between eurasia and europe and asia . 
  i was n't being serious , but i can sure as hell make the serious argument if i want to . 
  democracy * is * representation of the people . 
  if something is more representative of the people then it clearly can be considered to be more democratic . 
  that 's what it means . 
  i do n't think , i know , more representation is more democratic . 
  the european commission is not elected but appointed . 
  it has members that have never run in any election other than maybe class president , that have never held public office . 
  it is the very principle of evolution of power away from the the people that put the ` demo ' in democracy ... and it writes all legislation , implements all legislation , and runs the eu . 
   the size needs to just be manageable for purposes of discussions while sufficiently large for such diversity . 
  which 751 is 670,000 people per mep is `` sufficiently large '' ? 
  can you imagine the size of their constituencies !, 
  what their mep surgeries must look like ? 
  more representative , a constituent would never be able to meet them - let alone the idea that they spend most of their time in a completely different country !, 
  there are advantages to the eu but more representation is not even remotely one of them . 
  like i said , this is n't even up for discussion . 
  it ends here . 
  no not always the right decision , but generally when it counts and when it matters most . 
  then you 're plain digging in the wrong spot . 
  number of people in the eu ? 
  502.5 million . 
  number of meps ? 
  average number of people per mep ? 
  670,000 number of people in the uk ? 
  62 million . 
  number of mps ? 
  average number of people per mp ? 
  95,000 the uk is 7x more representative . 
  the uk legislative has 650 elected members . 
  the european commission , which writes eu legislation , has 0 elected members . 
  zero . 
  it 's not even up for discussion . 
  the eu is incredibly less representative . 
  see ? 
  that 's all we 're talking about . 
  a right and proper degree of ass-kissery . 
  it 's not asking too much . 
  i think you 'll find everywhere britain went they improved it . 
  serbia did n't go anywhere and ruined it . 
  if we had enough spare time away from being awesome we could probably show you where you went wrong , but you 'd have to ask nicely . 
  incidentally it was britain that was at the vanguard to stop your killings from being even worse than what they were . 
  no need to thank me but you should definitely stand up in future if one of britain 's own walks into the room - and be a fellow , wait until you 're addressed before you speak . 
  influential , not powerful , and i think the uk has just made it very clear that they will not bail europe out from the mess europe and the single currency created . 
  britain told europe it was a bad idea , that they were keeping the pound , but europe went ahead anyway . 
  well clearly the uk was right . 
  these euro types have got to learn from their mistakes and show a little humility and responsibility for their actions . 
  this is n't british hubris , britain 's attitude is correctly adjusted . 
  if it seems that way it 's only relative to how far the eu has fallen . 
  your wife 's been banging your best friend . 
  she swears it is all in the past . 
  the divorce lawyer does n't give a damn . 
  it 's still grounds . 
  clearly the past has significance . 
  no i do n't think you 're right there . 
  europe probably will fall into depression and germany has manacled itself to a drowning boat , and the best place to be is definitely outside the meeting - if you can afford that luxury - but those trapped in the euro and losing their sovereignty definitely need it much more . 
  and where britain has already increased the bank levy this year to # 2.5 billion , where it is the first on target for their aid pledge made at the gleneagles g8 summit for 2013 , where italy , france and germany have all had to renege , and when one of the terms cameron put forward was that britain should be able enforce bank capital requirements that are higher than the proposed european maximum making for even safer banks . 
  importantly look at britain from the social-democracy angle . 
  not only is it far more democratic than the european parliament and commission ; uk social and welfare provision is extremely high . 
  quite right only we do n't call it an empire anymore ; it 's just not p.c. 
  and we 've actually recognised them as equals . 
  culturally the emprie continues to grow from strength to strength .
