  it might make it more competitive but it would be negligible ; not if europe wants to keep social provision and worker and consumer rights . 
  for production costs to approach what would be even a remotely level playing field all hell would have to break loose first ; you just have to look at the purchasing power parity of chinese wages and their average earnings . 
  most chinese salaries equate to a couple of thousand us dollars a year . 
  if europe even approaches the experiment is over . 
  there have been reports using the uk office of national statistics figures that say by the end of this parliament two-thirds of uk trade will be outside the eu-26 . 
  there 's some ambiguity because of the rotterdam effect but the rough figure is currently below 40 % . 
  eu trade is trending down with asia ; namely hong kong , china and singapore trending the other way with canada . 
  head on over to youtube , type in ` eu corruption ' and take your pick . 
  hannan 's erudite and a lucid speaker , but your choice . 
  clearly it is not ambiguous and if you look in the dictionary even it reflects the different connotations of ` european ' - so it pretty much is welded to the fact that it is to do with the english language . 
  in fact his choice of language removed all ambiguity because the word european now has a political connotation . 
   [ european : 3 . 
  ( government , politics & diplomacy ) a supporter of the european union or of political union of the countries of europe or a part of it europeanism n ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/european ) in england and all parts of britain people say `` i 'm * x * , not european '' all the time ... and everybody understands exactly what is being said . 
  heads are n't itched , chins are not held , necks are not tilted , brows are not furrowed ; everybody else understands . 
  if you have a problem with it then it is down to your inadequacies . 
  it 's not an assumption . 
  he said he 's against nationalism and tribalism and i said you ca n't end nationalism and tribalism by arguing for a bigger , stronger nation and a bigger , stronger tribe identity . 
  you do n't get to say i 'm making assumptions or not addressing his comment when i 'm directly quoting it , and not making assumptions but pointing out * fallacy * . 
  you 're having a brain fart day . 
  if they 'd started making a remodeled 900 turbo it would have been universally loved and a license to print money . 
  if ever there was a car that deserved the mini treatment , a face lift and to be made a cult , it would be the cortina , that or the 3 door saab 900 turbo . 
  why there is n't a company buying these rights and making these iconic cars i do n't know . 
  i still ca n't get over the uk government allowing mg rover to go to the wall ; they should have bought it outright as an engineering academy , put a small company like sebring in charge of design ( for the love of love itself will somebody please give sebring a juicy contract so they can make more cars ) , and then started building cars people actually wanted to and could drive , and build an old model portfolio . 
  i refuse to believe that a modern saab900 turbo would n't sell , sell , sell if done right , but looking at their cars they 're either concept , bland or misguided . 
  why these companies die doing this when they should be aiming for iconic is a mystery to me . 
  being particularly obstinate today , are we ? 
  words in the english language can take on different meanings and connotations . 
  it is not uncommon to hear in the present day the claim `` i 'm not european , i 'm british . '', 
  european has taken on different meanings and connotations depending on the context . 
  it 's by far the superior language in the world and this is exactly how it has worked and evolved over centuries , so when a british person decides to day ` i 'm not european , i 'm british ' it should be understood that he has a command and appreciation for the nuance he is making . 
  then you did n't read their comment !, 
   yes . 
  my hope is that the european union one day becomes a sovereign state . 
  making people realize that their first and foremost allegiance is to humanity starts by slowly killing off nationalism , among all forms of tribalism . 
  supranational organizations such as the eu provide that possibility . 
  killing off nationalism by making a super-state ? 
  no , that 's called super-nationalism !, 
  killing tribalism by empowering the eu ? 
  [ does this look like killing tribalism ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m01uxhpyi8&amp;feature=player_embedded#t=2m25s ) do voting blocs which formed because it was the only way to get things done , not smack of professional tribalism . 
  it is tribalism , just on a much , much bigger scale . 
  what they said is not killing the twin gremlins tribalism and nationalism ; it 's giving them two buckets of chicken each at 5 to midnight , and a watering can to play with . 
  christ , if ever there was an argument over the waste and misdirection in the eu , and the eu artificially meddling with cultures , that is it . 
  i 'm guessing you ca n't see this . 
   would you support a plan , a new treaty or a real constitution , of a federalized european union ? 
  no  how far would it go : common debt and eurobonds , common taxes , a fiscal and monetary union , common immigration rules , external services and diplomacy , common defence , one eu seat in all international organizations such as nato , wto , un etc ? 
  and that right there is why it is a silly idea to try , because it would in time become all those things . 
  power gravitates to power . 
  europe is incredibly diverse and diversity means there 's lots of people on fringes . 
  you 'd be disenfranchising tens of millions of people . 
  collectively hundreds of millions of people , and all because europhiles would like it if more people like them were cloned . 
   would you support it in principle , if it would respect all democratic principles and accountability of elected leaders ? 
  no , it could n't , and the accountability as it stands is already derisive . 
   do you believe such a goal to be possible with a lifetime 's span ? 
  do you believe it is a current goal within the political elites of europe ? 
  it clearly is . 
   how would the peoples of europe react ? 
  most of them will sleepwalk into tyranny again . 
  actually yes . 
  in britain it has many meanings and connotations . 
  many people use the term european as meaning those living on the mainland , some people make a distinction , some people do n't . 
  if he makes this distinction then good for him . 
  `` i 'm british , not european '' is a perfectly valid statement in the english language , because the word european has taken on new meanings . 
   well you 're both . 
  not if he does n't identify himself as such . 
   think it 'd be cool if we emerged as a superpower that is the problem . 
  i 've seen happy interneters floosying around this thread talking about how it would be freer , stop nationalism and tribalism , a lovey-huggy club . 
  the horse does n't even get out of the stable and people are talking about their new gang expressing more power over others . 
   but it 'd have to be done in the correct way . 
  oh of course . 
  you do realise that every tyrant believes they are behaving in a correct or justifiable way ? 
  tell that to a scottish fisherman . 
  the really scary thing is you think you 're killing off nationalism and you 're actually an ardent nationalist , you 're just supplanting one form of nationalism for another ... and you have a really popular view !, 
  you 're dancing pied-pipered into the side of a mountain and your own extremism . 
  have you seen any videos of meps talking in europe , it 's not getting away with nationalism or tribalism or even elevating humanity and moderatism - it is the biggest clan , the greatest tribe , and oppressive . 
  you 're not talking about killing nationalism . 
  you 're talking about making and embracing the biggest gang ever , you 're embracing your own tribalism . 
  if you wanted to kill off nationalism and tribalism you 'd promote individualism , not a super singular identity . 
  who generalised a group of people ? 
  i generalized an economic message , and economics is all about models and general observed laws . 
  i simply stated that if that message is repeated , and kept being repeated , it would do the opposite of ending a recession and that 's true of the portuguese , the british , the us , everyone . 
  in fact when the us actually seemed to be carrying through the threat of not paying its bills by not extending its credit ceiling they got a downgrade . 
   for instance it would ' t be fair for the others brits if people think they are all like you . 
  christ no it would n't be fair . 
  i 'd want to vet them on a vis-a-vis basis before they get that sort of promotion . 
  fact remains if there is a message repeated that portugal might not pay its bills , whether it be rumour , conjecture , opposition , or government , it will not help the economy . 
  say it enough and business will begin to suspect where there is smoke , there 's fire . 
  keep saying it so it keeps getting in the papers . 
  not paying debt is not a way to avoid a recession , promoting threats of not paying debt is a great way to reduce confidence . 
   but you can generalize if you want . 
  i know i can . 
  who on earth suggested i could n't ? 
  then invoke article 50 of the treaty on the european union and leave , but someone saying they 're not going to pay their bills is no way to avoid a recession . 
  that 's just fact . 
  it 's a pretty good way to crash though . 
  eea members do get a say through the eea council and they have quite a lot of wiggle room in how legislation is interpreted . 
  they ultimately do have a veto if it should ever come to that , but it never has . 
  the laws that are passed are exactly as i described them , bureaucratic misdemeanors , the sort of decisions if i were lord of a manor i 'd defer to my butler to make , and consider not worth my time . 
  contributed to that no one state has a lot of say either way and is swamped out by quid pro quo voting . 
  if you look at the uk 's eu vote now the three main domestic parties are split 4 ways , with ukip being the second most popular party , and into 3 blocs , so the idea that the uk has any meaningful representation in the eu as it is , despite being one of the largest contributers and least net recipients per capita , is entirely specious .
