no , they are n't . 
  i used to live in argentina . 
  they 're really good . 
  google the song `` entre las piernas . '', 
  you have eu citizenship ? 
  just book a plane ticket and find a job . 
  or go to one of their many free universities . 
  i wish i could have eu citizenship . 
  ours is french for bears . 
  do all of you europeans eat bears ? 
  my russian teacher told me that she thinks russian sounds like `` barking dogs . '', 
  we 're 693 . 
  if we were on the map we 'd be a shade darker than russia . 
  from where ? 
  the average prison time for murder in western europe is five years ? 
  this is basically it . 
  the enlightenment bypassed us . 
  before the australian summer visits you . 
  they do it everywhere . 
  the media has `` taste '' in weather that 's totally backwards from reality . 
  i wish you would show up more in all the threads where everyone acts like hot weather is so great . 
  me too . 
  two months ago the lucky finns were complaining about how they get snow in april . 
  we do n't even get cool weather in april . 
  i 'll trade . 
  you are lucky . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's causing you to remain indoors and dependent on a/c . 
  how did those monks get their food ? 
  did they import it , or did they have a garden growing somewhere on the island ? 
  did they keep livestock ? 
  if that 's the case , it 's because china has a billion people . 
  the bigger your population , the more thinly spread the wealth . 
  beijing has the world 's second highest concentration of billionaires . 
  if someone is asking why spain does n't annex portugal , surely they are aware that spain and portugal are separate . 
  romans were positively * recent * compared to these people . 
  greek civilization was thousands of years later , around 600 bc or so . 
  egypt was from like 3000 bc . 
  i 'm not sure how old india is but i know they 're old . 
  china too . 
  come to / r/portugal . 
  not true . 
  even with money , you 're still more likely than not to end up in a desolate suburb . 
  is that true in copenhagen , bratislava , and other world-class cities that receive snowfall ? 
  yes . 
  new york city is one-of-a-kind and fantastic for what it is , but it is far from a gold-standard of urban planning . 
  the density is too high , the summers are nasty , and the overabundance of human bodies makes everyone horrible to one another . 
  the best cities are the medium-to-large european cities . 
  urban planning is the reason why detroit looks like detroit ( warehouses and parking lots ) instead of paris ( balconies and caf\u00e9s ) . 
  wait a minute . 
  that 's the exact opposite of my understanding . 
  so a word like \u0436\u0438\u0442\u044c has a * soft * \u0442 ? 
  98 % of the us is flint without the water quality issues . 
  probably about 20 % or 30 % of the us is flint * with * the water issues , but for some reason flint is the only place that got media attention . 
  industrial accidents and mining have led to bad water in a handful of areas in appalachia , the midwest , the southwest , and the south . 
  and new york city , though it is fun and exciting , is totally unaffordable . 
  i think it 's the most expensive city on earth . 
  bulgarian still uses \u042a , but it seems to be pronounced like a `` u. '', 
  is that similar or different to the russian pronunciation ? 
  and if \u042a and \u042c only go at the end of words , why do they come in capital and lower case forms ? 
  nah , i like cold weather even if there 's no snow . 
  low 70s and below . 
  chicago has nasty summers but spectacular winters . 
  according to wikipedia , rome averages 37 to 53 f in january and 64 to 86 f in july . 
  so , decent winters and nasty summers during the day but nice and cool at night . 
  what language is that ? 
  it ca n't be russian , because it includes the letters \u044a , \u0463 , and \u0460 ; and it ca n't be ukrainian because the \u0454 is facing that direction . 
  please come spend a few years in the us . 
  what are you complaining about ? 
  chicago has nasty weather the entire summer . 
  if we could get some chicago winters down here in miami , that would be a dream . 
  not a big change . 
  wow , so the central valley gets bad weather so that san francisco can have good weather . 
  27 c is cold . 
  in miami we have to wear sweaters when it gets that low . 
  if you live in a city with good-quality urban planning you do n't have to worry about being car-dependent and all the problems that come with it . 
  such cities are relatively abundant in europe compared to other regions . 
  can not confirm, 
  and a strongly diminished quality of life . 
  plus lots of other expenses , too , like health care , and you can forget about public transport . 
  it 's totally unclear . 
  by german standards , it probably means you 're just sending lowly entry-level engineers , scientists and doctors . 
  in the russian alphabet the `` b '' is also silent . 
  how long does it take to bicycle from the south end to the north end ? 
  almost all the cities in the us are parking lots . 
  there are rare exceptions , and almost all of them are famous : boston , new york city , san francisco , chicago , parts of new orleans , washington dc . 
  everywhere else is just parking lots . 
  it 's not even about space , it 's about the auto industry maintaining control and keeping sales high by building cities nobody can walk in . 
  we had nice cities in the us before the 1950s but they were all demolished and replaced with highways . 
  we even had a lot of public transport train and trolley systems , which were purchased and dismantled by the auto industry . 
  how is he seen in serbia ? 
  i have no doubt there will be a second trump term . 
  our problem has more to do with poor-quality urban planning than actual fights against urbanization . 
  in the us , the typical city is a downtown made entirely of parking lots , surrounded by suburbs , [ like this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@39.7869265,-89.667157,2457a,35y,37.35h,41.1t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) . 
  we do n't have the infrastructure europe has - town squares , walkability , public transport , etc. 
  as a result , there is very little human interaction that takes place , and 100 % of basic tasks require driving a car , which creates a massive psychological and economic disincentive for anyone to go anywhere for any reason that is n't a stark necessity . 
  the suburbs , and the design to create car dependence rather than independent pedestrians , leads to human isolation and segregation that preserves rural mentalities . 
  yes . 
  even if we get another good president after trump , we 'll have another trump after that one . 
  we are like turkey .
