us presence in europe was by far at its lowest historical levels in decades yet [ nato continues expanding ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34981973 ) , and [ keeps ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31828111 ) [ projecting ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/201771-lithuania-iron-sword-wargame/ ) [ its power ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29204505 ) [ towards ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-nato-exercises-idukkbn0h10k820140906 ) [ russian borders ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/272518-nato-military-exercises-georgia/ ) . 
   countries electing closer western ties and integration is not a threat , and does not justify russia 's behavour . 
  but we are talking about a military alliance with country , that considers russia its primary threat . 
  you do n't welcome enemy at your doors . 
   ghost military action , frozen conflicts , etc are not the way to expand your influence works fine for us . 
  and the scariest thing is as much as everyone condemns it nobody wants do anything about it . 
   you mention western influence in russia 's affairs but neglect russia 's doing the same thing to others . 
  i fully aknowledge this , yet that does not justifies western interference in russia 's affairs . 
  moreover , everything you mentions is a result of last couple years , when western influence started right after ussr collapse . 
  i assume you have not been in russia in 1990s , and thankfully , i was a little kid , yet these times were brutal , and knowing it happened with the help of the west does n't make me feel more convinced with their good intentions . 
   russia 's current path is going to be difficult if most of its neighbours are hostile towards it . 
  it 's not like we need to get used to it . 
  anyway , thanks a lot for an interesting discussion , it is always great to see a reasonable response . 
  of course it is only russia who has to spread legs for europe and us . 
  russia is one and only problem in europe and responsible for everything bad europe had to overcome . 
  all i wanted to know is how it is normal for europe to react to russian threat and when russia reacts to nato threat it is suddenly the end of the world . 
  i still got no answer for that . 
  well , think about it . 
  nato considers you a threat . 
  they circle you , consentrate military forces at your border . 
  no matter what you say or do . 
  they have an ability to isolate you . 
  they shoot first and ask questions later . 
  they invervene your internal affairs . 
  they do not answer for their actions . 
  they do n't have a great track record too  i do n't want such time bomb at my doorsteps . 
   if you want to live somewhere you mean if you want to keep living at home . 
  bear in mind , thats the same people , who lived there their whole life , who just happened to speak different language . 
  is it enough to leave them without a right to vote ? 
  i 'm sure there are a lot of examples of cultural enclaves , that has same rights as common citizens . 
   and in which they were so privileged that they did not have to ( or did not want to ) learn the local language . 
  is it the issue ? 
  is it revenge for them for living without the need to learn local language ? 
   our model did not base anyone on ethnicity but it certainly looks like it was targeted against russophone population . 
  i 'm not saying it was intentional , or not , but is n't it obvious ? 
  i take your `` last 3 years '' statement and raise to to last twenty years . 
  to be more specific , 1999 nato expansion , when russia was at its weakest point and posed no threat to europe , and 2004 expansion , when when russia-nato relations were at its peak . 
  you see ^ ivan , when people keep going against you even when you ca n't fight back , when they keep expanding their influence against you even while presenting themselves as partners , you start thinking that there is no intention to work together in the first place . 
  maybe , eventually , if you poke bear long enough bear will fight back . 
  so how about stop poking the bear in the first place ? 
  correct me if i got it wrong . 
  russians , ukranians and belarussians who lived there for their whole life suddenly had to abandon their native language and forced to learn latvian . 
  otherwise they were not given a right to vote . 
  in a country they helped to rebuild after ww2 , in the country they lived their whole life . 
  but random australian , whose father happened to be a latvian citizen was given full citizenship . 
  and only later have to learn latvian . 
   `` we are surrounded by enemies '' , although those enemies are not aware they are enemies . 
  of course we are n't . 
  [ oh , wait ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/03/opinion/the-pentagons-top-threat-russia.html ) . 
   russia ( well , not russia - putin ) should shut its mouth the infamous european freedom of speech , everybody . 
   accept a totally foreign country doing whatever it wants that does n't affect russia/putin in any way how about everyone else accept russia doing whate ... oh . . 
  i get it . 
  but it is unacceptable for russia to react on such events ? 
  russia should just shut its mouth and accept an enemy coalition on its border , i get it . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   you 've only been jerking yourself off to the idea that we 're an apartheid nazi state . 
  [ you wanted your freedom ? 
  take it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwimhjxks88&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=26s ) latvia was given its independence . 
  we paid your debts . 
  you kept your military and industries , ffs . 
  what was your response ? 
  make your russophone population [ non-citizens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-citizens_ ( latvia ) . 
  put nato on russian borders . 
  and at the same time you want to eat a cake and keep it . 
  you say you need cooperation , but do n't want to do anything keep it . 
  you think russia need to bother with you ? 
  no we do n't . 
  it is the same argument i had yesterday with an estonian - they are scared of russian invasion and 5 minutes later agree that it will never happen . 
   when why the fuck do you keep making wars on your borders ? 
  you mean russia killed its own peacekeeper in georgia , right ? 
  what 's next , hitler wanted to free russians from communist opression ? 
  heavens forbid , i want everyone to aknowledge i am not talking about lack of freedom in r/europe and i also do not threaten anyone :d but seriously , 1 post in 10 minutes is tough , especially when i want to answer almost everyone . 
  so , whataboutism , right ? 
  what 's next , you 'll call me a kremlin agent and putin-bot ? 
  but i appreciate all those links , should i bother to argue on all of them or you are not interested in facts ? 
  i honestly do n't want to spent my time just to fuel your little circlejerk . 
  fun thing , before i added a flair i had more upvotes what ^ could ^ go ^ wrong ^ there, 
  people tend to sleep at night  also , r/europe does n't allow me to answer as much as i want to . 
   the us has not invaded or is not actively trying to fuck up any nation in northern or eastern europe because kosovo never hapened , right ? 
  and as long as is in not europe it is fine , you can bomb the shit outta the rest of the world . 
  alright , i get it . 
   but i do n't care - we might as well be in the wrong there , because i 'd rather have us evade anything south or east of europe with a ten meter stick exaclty . 
  europe does n't want any cooperation with russia , you rather invade us then start work together . 
  and no matter what russia says or do , no matter if `` russia is strong '' or weak , like in 90s , you 'll still consider it a threat that needs to be destroyed , contained and abused . 
   what we want is peace in our region because obviously what russia wants is a full fledged war with the whole world and march from moscow to lisboa , waving imperial flag and signing `` god , save the tsar '' . 
  surpise , last thing russia wants is any conflict on its borders , yet it is nato who keeps pumping its military precense in eastern and nothern europe because of some phantom threat . 
  last time i checked it was proved that geogrian war was started by georgia . 
  but killing russian peacekeepers is cool in your books , fine . 
  ukranian crisis is orchestrated by us , but again , they are good guys , right ? 
  crimea was an independent state that decided to join russia . 
  there is still no proof russia downed mh17 , despite every western news outlet saying completely opposite . 
  at the same time , where are chemical weapns in iraq ? 
  us coalition has zero rights to be in syria , same goes for lybia , where they straight up murdered the leader , again , without any legal basis . 
  also , did i mention the alliance with turkey , who supports terrorists . 
  yes , that 's complelety the same thing russia is doing right now , how dare we ? 
  please , show me where are these `` threats '' in lavrov statement ? 
  - hey guys , i 'm gon na take a shit . 
  - sorry mate , i 'll have to close the door . 
  - stop threatening me !!!!,
