its barely protected . 
  try speaking asturian . 
  half the country thinks you are an ignorant country peasant and the other half thinks you just have a speech impediment ... 
  genocide is a noun ... you cant just verb it as you see fit ... my command of the english language and its nuances are absolute . 
  spot on !, 
  i reading far too much invalidating her opinion based on her success . 
  well 50 years really is a hiccup they were ruling in spain since before bonaparte . 
  but in anycase it ouls be a habsburg , or a bourbon or even a trastamara ... 
  the point is i think the onarchy and the nobility stll have some relevance , and i think we would be poorer without them . 
  well i for one believe that the old aristocratic values which are passed down through families are still very relevant and needed now more than even in our leaders . 
  i also think its very good to have a head of state that is non partisan . 
  i would rather be represented by a royal than some middle class mercenary . 
  puxa asturies !, 
  he actually cheated franco , the entire time before his coronation he pretended to be in lockstep with francos idealism . 
  once he ascended the throne he brought in members of the opposition and basically gave us democracy though he was handed absolute power . 
  he was a her back then , and to many he still is now . 
  these days in france ? 
  without any problems huh ? 
  constantinople , thrace , macedonia , greece , serbia , croatia , albania , hungary , italy , wallachia , modavia , poland , called ... 
  they sounded a little pissed , they said they wanted me to ask you if you would like to rethink your statement . 
  spain would also like to have a word with you ... 
  in private ... 
  i would send her money for her surgery . 
  but even before that we had solstice celebrations, 
  alexander the great is a little pisser right now, 
  clearly they hexed him, 
  thats just it one rom behaving like one of his fellow citizens is not a rom . 
  this is a cultural problem not a racial one . 
  humans only have the rights that stronger humans reserve for them so lets drop the metaphysical principles shall we ? 
  that said im all for equal treatment so long as the groups in question are equal , if there is a group with criminal tendencies , said group will be monitored more closely than a group without them . 
  equal treatment requires equal behavior . 
  they are n't over represented , they are their own bloody demographic when it comes to crime statistics . 
  yes , in this case i think watching them more closely is not only justified , its prudent . 
  well my grandfather was one of the men persecuting the people your grandfather was trying to save , i have a more than passing familiarity with this situation so kindly spare me the sanctimony . 
  you cant fight fascism with censurer , when you do you create a resistance movement and there is where the violence begins . 
  you create a sense of martyrdom and give them an even greater sense of community and when they do n't have a legal way to express their opinion they will undoubtedly do it extra-legaly . 
  fascism in and of itself is not an evil theory , the danger comes when fascism mixes with racial nationalism and is then censored . 
  its been the same in almost every case you cited . 
  so yes , i do suggest we let them rant and rail , and even involve their representatives in the very causes they are against so they find themselves as part of the process and have an outlet for their grievances . 
  humorously enough , the falange is still goose stepping its way up and down spain and they do n't cause very much trouble at all . 
  there is nothing more anti democratic that banning an ideology by force rather than discrediting it by debate and open exchange of ideas . 
  yea well religions have claimed many more in crudades , jyhads , inquisitions ... the communists wiped out a staggering amount of people in their purges ... lets ban them too !, 
  you know people say the exact same thing about socialism , communism , religion , ect . 
  ect . 
  ect . 
  and then they go on the attack , censoring , lobbying and eventually but always violence . 
  this is to force an ideology on a person , to subvert their will through force rather than and open debate and exchange of ideas . 
  it is the absolute opposite of democratic principle . 
  antifas and the hammer part of the hammer and sickle , and to a hammer everything looks like a nail . 
  thank you !, 
  you get it !, 
  right , so because you have n't seen it it does n't happen ... do a search for antifa and look at some of their videos . 
  how delightfully american of you, 
  dont you see the difference is just a simple qualifier away from being the same thing ? 
  are n't they just the same though ? 
  they are both people who use the tactics of violence , fear and chaos to further an all encompassing political ideology . 
  skinheads see other races as being less than human and unfit for society , antifas see anyone who does n't share at least some part of their endemic marxism to be somehow less than human and unfit for society . 
  frankly i dont know whats worse , the skinheads or the antifas . 
  oh please we dont need nukes , our politicians are much more effective weapons of mass destruction !, 
  we cant afford all that these days !, 
  oh perfect , more enrichment ... 
  im kinda over democracy too , part of me wishes the king would get pissed off and start executing politicos . 
  and you are free to support your fellow human beings of your own free will , there are countless charities dedicated to easing the suffering of the worlds innumerable shit holes , what you are not entitled to do however is force every member of our societies to offer that support by force , that is essentially what you are doing by supporting this sort behavior . 
  no , i live up on the coast near xixon, 
  hah a few years ago my friends and i got some spray paint and `` corrected '' all of the castillian signs in my area !!, 
  i dont think you are being very fair at all , im asturian , and very much like you , i feel asturian more than i feel spanish , and we get shit on more by the southerners than you guys do . 
  none the less , i believe it would be naive to think that given our history asturias could ever exist in a vacuum without the rest of spain , i believe the same is true for catalonia . 
  sure we are all different ethnic groups ; yes we have different languages , but there are a lot more things that make us similar than there are things that separate us . 
  mind you this is coming from someone who was raised by people who had forbidden him to travel any farther south than leon because i `` might contract southernism '' . 
  i know what the hell guys , you have like 300 people ? 
  800 jobs for a 27 billion dollar turn around ?? 
  thats insulting to brag about . 
  thank you . 
  someone please break this down for me ? 
  castile was once actually part of asturias after the reconquista . 
  one alfonso the great had three sons and divided the realm into three parts asturias went to one son who then shifted its capital to leon and eventually became the kingdom of leon , then later the king of castile invaded and joined the two kingdoms . 
  asturias has changed hands lots of times but it is such an out of the way place that the our people and culture are rather unique . 
  we are a mix of the celtic astur tribe and invading visigoths . 
  i 'm asturian so this actually hit me in the feelings !, 
  im not talking about hooray patriotism ... im talking about being able to say i am a german , this is my identity and it maters . 
  it was more meant towards some of the comments . 
  everyone judges , some just do n't admit it . 
  well i 'm happy for you and that is your right , but can we please stop expecting and demanding that the rest of the country feel the same way ? 
  completely false . 
  oh this is absurd . 
  germans : i hereby absolve you of the war crimes committed by a few of your great grandfathers and proclaim you to be innocent of generational crime . 
  you will no longer be required to prostrate yourselves before the rest of the world and can once again feel proud of your many , many national accomplishments and innumerable contributions to european culture . 
  we just had to slaughter each other wholesale for a few hundred years to get it out of our systems . 
  we should be good for another 50 years or so then we should probably get going again before we get rusty !, 
  sadly we dont have $ 500 in spain at the moment . 
  i know !, 
  he could have made it without detection !, 
  hey !, 
  i know !!!, 
  what if we pretend were going all fascist again !? 
  maybe that will scare them into leaving ? 
  clearly not so much . 
  they are savages ... 
  mother of god !, 
  is that to mean like , people who have prejudices against bigfoot ?
