i 'm really glad that there are poopologists like you living among us !, 
  i 'm attending poopology college right now and needed this for a project . 
  my dream is to one day become just like you !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  what 's your favourite song ? 
  will you still be able to talk ? 
  are you planning to beat bono in the future ? 
  why me not such good at inglish lik u ? 
  that 's a very nice song indeed , 
  what 's your opinion on earth ? 
  what makes you be so lazy and well . . norwegian ? 
  what are you doing with the bag afterwards ? 
  are you planning on taking us over someday ? 
  true story !, 
  it depends on the amount of waffles you want to get back . 
  well in my opinion , about 370ml of vodka for about 4 burritos, 
  that 's really deep !, 
  yeah but that is for freeing some memory . 
  my tip is about speed performance !, 
  but thanks for mentioning it . 
  it certainly will help a lot of people , 
  i really do n't know because i simply do n't give a fuck, 
  well once you make your dream come true all those things wo n't matter anymore ( i think ) . 
  wish you all the best !, 
  i once tried really hard to give a fuck when my dog got his balls removed . 
  i eventually ended up not giving a fuck once again , since my dog did n't seem to give much of a fuck about it either . 
  not a single one, 
  well , me neither, 
  that sounds reasonable !, 
  i 'll practice a lot and will try it out tomorrow . 
  wish me luck !, 
  tried that . 
  i also tried nutella as well as marmalade . 
  they where just liking them and refused to take a bite :(, 
  which os ? 
  it 's called a fork bomb . 
  you are basically declaring a function called ' : ' that does not accept any arguments . 
  inside that function you are calling the same function recursively and pipe the output ( using | ) to another call of the function ' : ' and put it in the background ( using & ) . 
  you terminate the definition of the function ( semicolon  and finally you make the initial call of the function ' : ' . 
  another way of writing it would be :, 
  bomb ( ) {, 
  bomb | bomb &, 
  } ; bomb, 
  what eventually happens to your system once a fork bomb is initiated , is it becomes completely unresponsive . 
  the only solution is to reboot your system . 
  hope that helps !, 
  not even once mate, 
  how much swag do you have ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  this is shitty life pro tips , 
  since you ca n't handle all your swag , can i have some pls ? 
  wake up sheeple !!!, 
  dot 'n bai gaims from steehm !! 1 !!, 
  pretty depressed and tired . . 
  i was clean for a month and started again a week ago . 
  my favourite part of quitting was that my clothes were n't smelling like shit . 
  now i hate myself again . 
  do n't give up !, 
  ethan and hila getting rekt together !, 
  1 : buy food ingredients stuff, 
  2 : heat your oven to 220 deg celsius, 
  3 : mix ingredients in a bowl, 
  4 : put the mixture in the oven and wait ... 
  5 : burn down the house, 
  6 : flee the country, 
  7 : eat pizza, 
  proceed by asking her to guess what you had for dinner based on the smell of your farts . 
  be casual , they love it, 
  10 apples, 
  that almost everything is subjective, 
  ! remindme 24 hours, 
  i was really happy that we got to see a scene where a guest enters westworld in this episode . 
  i really want to know what the theory behind traveling into and out of this world is . 
  where is the park located ? 
  is it in another dimension/parallel universe and they get there through portals ? 
  i want answers goddammit !!, 
  lolk, 
  people should seriously stop giving this bitch money [ * internalised oppression intensifies * ], 
  i see the point . 
  in my opinion , she will not return the money and other internally oppressed beings will support her decision in one way or another . 
  you know , because people believe what they want to believe . 
  ( source : wikihow ), 
  is n't almost everyone white and tall ? 
  yes , but if it was him , would n't he answer to her once he opened the door ? 
  it 's clearly someone trying to stop her from what she 's doing, 
  arnold probably transferred his consciousness into some system in the theme park when he was still alive . 
  that 's how he is messing with the hosts . 
  at least that 's my theory . 
  edit : missing info, 
  damn ... nice theory !, 
  sounds very reasonable !, 
  what do you think was ford 's motivation to do that ? 
  arnold 's knowledge ? 
  awesome shit !, 
  thanks !, 
  i need dis in my life !, 
  no way !, 
  also , before purchasing , google '' < site 's name  discount voucher '' or something similar . 
  i have saved some bucks that way . 
  yeah , i have no success most of the time as well .
