  i 'm for it as long as merkel is gone long before it occurs, 
  i got ta agree with this , people are way too cynical about everything when they have little to no idea what they 're talking about, 
  i wan na hear what the goat has to say, 
  huh ? 
  i dnno probably, 
  i think its cause hitlers major route into russia was from the baltixs . 
  its makes them uneasy having nato having full access through that passage, 
  well done switzerland . 
  apparently switzerland doesnt take shit from no one . 
  putin took his lucky charms, 
  he 's really worried about russian gold lol ? 
   me russian gold, 
  are you a baltic leparchon or something ? 
  okay thennn ... 
  yeah good luck with that miracle, 
  200-300 important fucking people, 
  chu talkin bout ? 
  thats cause nobody plays any sports in poland, 
  surprise surprise, 
  damnnnn we got banned twice ? 
  nahhhh fuck that noise, 
  serby mcserbington, 
  noted, 
  right cause saudi arabia has been known for its respect of human lives and has n't been bombing the crap out of yemen with huge collateral damage, 
  wtf merkel ? 
  canada just sold $ 11 billion worth of arms to saudi arabia . 
  selling a few aks is bad but $ 11 billion to possibly the worst country on the planet is much worse, 
  so czechia republic huehuehue, 
  aleksy gretskov - the famous russian slavic conquerer, 
  vote alexander of macedon !, 
  kosovo declared independence unilaterally and and if serbia did n't do those things i 'm sure the other un and eu member states that do n't recognize kosovo would . 
  besides we are n't talking about kosovo here , stick to the issue at hand . 
  serbia and croatia no whataboutism . 
  read the article , 11 other eu member states have similar laws . 
  its just this far right government of kolinda acting like children and trying to score domestic political points . 
  sta ? 
  or croatia could just drop these ridiculous demands . 
  relations between the two have just been getting worse ever since croatias far right govt came into office, 
  take it to pawn stars !!, 
  i kinda like it, 
  sto ? 
  should have punched the cunt in her smirking face, 
  ahh yes our national slogan, 
  you 're in australia you fuckong loser, 
  after josip simunovic and the swastika in the pitch at the croatian match as well as the thompson band , yah fascism is almost becoming mainstream in croatia, 
  whats this got to do with serbia ? 
  stick to the subject . 
  whataboutism, 
  agreeeed, 
  omg it 's almost as if they 're different countries, 
  germany will complain, 
  and djokovic is croatian, 
  no :( but the eu just goes from one crisis to another and this crisis just showed the huge disagreements between brussels and the eastern eu states . 
  we only closed our borders when other states started clsojg theirs and brussels complained . 
  i was shocked at the fact that they were complaining i could n't believe their dumb logic . 
  i like my chocolate how i like.my violence ... domestic hahhahhss jk tho belgium for sure, 
  after the whole.migrant crisis thing i 'm okay to put our eu aspirations on hold for the time being . 
  as for nato i do n't see any reason why nato would want us to.join or for us to join . 
  you 're insufferable, 
  alright sure but we 're getting besides the point . 
  the issue is just with croatia i 'm sure if other eu states said the same serbia would comply but it 's just another dispute between serbia and croatia . 
  and i backed it up *** am writing from a celly my bad, 
  and a backed it, 
  nice try , nato not again . 
  do you lack google ? 
  am on my phone right now but just google kosovo border kidnappings, 
  well every serbian war crime had been investigated thoroughly and prosecuted . 
  now that i do n't have a problem with that i mean if they did terrible crimes and it can be proven then sure yeah convict them . 
  but in kosovo for example , the itcy started an investigation into albanian organ smuggling of serb victims and they found evidence and an infamous yellow house with loads of discarded medical supplies and evidence of such a horrible crime . 
  then the itcy decide to not go through with the case and threw out the evidence . 
  just burned it all basically . 
  true but with how interpol works you could issue arrest warrants and officials wanted by certain countries and could be stopped at airports and such and be held for like an extended period of time . 
  true but with how interpol works you could issue arrest warrants and officials wanted by certain countries and could be stopped at airports and such and be held for like an extended period of time . 
  ahh finally we get the truth after 24 hours . 
  he needed time to come up with something . 
  got ta love his excuse `` well it was onlyyyy # 30,000 '' . 
  this man is a whole nother level of insufferable . 
  well so far croatia is the only eu state demanding serbia change this law . 
  no one else in the eu really seems to care so we 'll see what comes out of this . 
  i disagree that serbia shouldnt be able to punish people like these and i dont trust the eu and icc after they collected evidence on kosovo organ collecting and then burned it all away . 
  yeah right croatia will never do that , they tried to put cyrillic in a croatian town with a serbian minority and they town went nuts smashing all the cyrillic signs . 
  i wouldnt hold my breath for croatia to take action . 
  a biased court ? 
  this isnt going to be over small things such as theft . 
  serbia still wants to persecute those who attacked serbian minorities in croatia . 
  not very, 
  yes it should if those crimes committed were against the serbian minority, 
  read your post wrong . 
  so france has no right to send the paris attacker to trial ? 
  by your standard it does n't, 
  woops read his post wrong . 
  i think it 's up to the country if it wants to send him to trial but this is n't an issue over small flights but rather the war criminals of the 90s . 
  anyways does this mean france should n't have the right to punish the paris attackers ? 
  he hurt frenchmen on french soil but is in belgium and is a belgian citizen so does he only fall under belgium 's jurisdiction ? 
  are you really downvoting me ? 
  crimes that did n't happen , okay we 're done here . 
  not at all . 
  serbia wants the right to send to trial those that committed crimes against serbian minorities in croatia and bosnia . 
  simple as that . 
  makes sense to me .
