  opening talks and normalising relations with kosovo is what was a condition but not full out recognition . 
  i do n't think we will be kosovo does n't even have visa free travel and the third and fourth largest numbers of people fleeing for economic reasons like those from syria and afghanistan are from kosovo and albania but there 's no war there even . 
  really speaks to their readiness and development, 
  i doubt albania is anywhere close to where serbia is in eu accession, 
  ahh go back to holding hands and bitching about muhh russian oppressionzzz, 
  does n't matter still not recognized by members of the eu fully and members of the security council and not a part of the un . 
  enjoy partial recognition and purgatory basically . 
  good overthrow the corruption . 
  i seriously think we need a good old fashioned stalin era purge of all levels of upper govenemnt, 
  they 're these things called slavs , surprisingly their language is somewhat similar too !, 
  spain is bro tiered, 
  yeah it 's only been about 8 years , only a matter of time now ... 
  you 're an idiot, 
  twas in mass effect ? 
  75 % yeeoooooo wheres me passport lads ? 
  disgusting , shockingly my flair isnt my country as i am in canada but shit like this is happening all over vancouver , canada . 
  this used to be a really nice city but now nobody can afford to live here and those that can are wealthy chinese investors hiding their wealth in real estate investments and these investments drive up the housing markets ( artificially ) to the point where no one can live in vancouver aside from super wealthy investors . 
  and they dont !, 
  top lol, 
   invested in closing the schools what ? 
  lol blaming serbs on your extremist problems , does your bullshit know no bounds ? 
  yeah but assholes tend to ruin them , kinda like hitler ruined the mustache, 
  lmao, 
  that took balls, 
  are you being willfully ignorant or just trolling me ? 
  they openly sport the = u =, 
   josip simunic yeah that guy that croatia made assistant coach after the whole incident  what ? 
  thompson have got extremely well coordinated christian rock band . 
  no the guys who openly and proudly sport fascist insignia at their concerts , those guys, 
  josip simunic , the swastika on the pitch and also dont forget thompson band , hows it not ? 
  well there you have it folks evidence of a resurgence of fascism in croatia firsthand, 
  isis wants to destroy everyone in their defense, 
  pristina = flint , michigan, 
  honestly am not that shocked, 
  this is accurate, 
  since 1600 right and the oldest churches are from the 1300 there and are serbian so i call nonsense on the whole illyrian dardarian theory, 
  ive never heard an asian or an oriental blow himself up in the name of china or poland or complain about the lack of buddhism or whatever relegion in the west . 
  they adapt , work hard and mind their own business unlike middle easterners . 
  oh yes they did unless you believe their version of history in which they are a people older than christ himself, 
  well , most ... 
  we do have problems like that . 
  serbia is 83 % serbian so the other nationalities are slovaks and hungarians in the north as well as minority of romanians and others . 
  weve never had problems with them but then the muslim albanians in the south aka kosovo ... well see where they are now . 
  we had a war basically . 
  ive yet to see the first, 
  how dare you ... 
  hopefully saner heads prevailed, 
  color me shocked, 
  do you have something against the proud nation of durka durka fuck-istan, 
  cause multiculturalism, 
  shes about as swedish as the attackers on paris were french , they werent . 
  you should only take in eastern europeans or orientals imo, 
  then go back to durka durka fuck-istan, 
  right then , to arms lads , amsterdam will be ours by morning, 
  any ex-yu country, 
  hate it when celebrities tell me how to live, 
  this was 2 weeks ago ya fuck lol anyone forcing you to celebrate it ? 
  banning santa is jihadi af and forcing basically everyone to celebrate eid, 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  serbia dont care , serbia content, 
  djukanovic is a lying autocratic thieving scumbag . 
  montenegro ? 
  theyre just a neighborhood in serbia though, 
  i wouldnt include moldova at all, 
  yes , yes you are, 
  poor girl, 
  wheres tennis ? 
  country of kosovo, 
  hahah nice top kek, 
  that 's ridiculous, 
   a towel at the beach overnight to `` reserve '' a good spot for the next day thats really a thing ? 
  everyone has, 
  seems politically motivated all of this tbh . 
  bbc was reporting `` russia poised to win '' and then ukriane wins . 
  anwyasy though congrats to the ukraine !, 
  poooortugal, 
  the ones with the largest numerical value printed on them obviously, 
  lol, 
  looks a little small ... 
  how russia ? 
  how about how all of western fucking europe, 
  is russia now, 
  anus, 
  should do one for the balkans haha, 
  sunshineeeee the earth says hellloooooo, 
  oh god just stop, 
  it 's all the same, 
  haha agreed, 
  i 'd take russians over spiders any day, 
  same could be said for you, 
  really hard to these days, 
  as is tradition, 
  because nikolic is an uneducated peasant . 
  he is an embarrassment and so are his politics, 
  europe ~ ~ junker ~ ~, 
  oh i thought heratige site and under protection were the same thing, 
  it is, 
  errrrrr close enough, 
  you ok ? 
  i do n't get it ?
