  not at all . 
  serbia wants the right to send those that committed crimes against serbian minorities in croatia and bosnia . 
  simple as that . 
  those that committed war crimes against minoirty serb pops, 
  serbia ca n't charge others for war crimes ? 
  croatia is charging captain dragan and he 's not a croatian citizen . 
  if the eu has a problem with this then it should raise it as an issue with serbia and the government will most likely change it but so far it 's only been croatia that has a problem with this law and croatia alone . 
  no that 's bosnia and albania, 
  bloody interesting !, 
  complete bullshit on croatias part, 
  why do you even put up a turkish flag we all know you 're in germany, 
  that 's what i said . . 
  so 64 % of the turnout is against the eu association with ukraine ? 
  so 64 % of the turnout is against the eu association with ukraine ? 
  nice try germany, 
  shady deals are expected of putin and the russian elite , i expected better from the british elite though, 
  dutch ukraine referendum ??? 
  did i miss something ? 
  lol albanian education system here folks, 
  color me shocked, 
  ca n't answer the question can ya ? 
  i dnno there 's countries as poor as bosnia or poorer , i mean look at moldova , high unemployment and terrible economic sit . 
  no one is joining isis there . 
  islam i think is another huge factor . 
  then why are the oldest churches in kosovo serbian ? 
  face it you came with the turks it 's just too bad you did n't leave with them too, 
  they did ? 
  where ? 
  where in serbia am i from ? 
  nobody believes that you 're illyrian but you self deluded people, 
  no we do n't, 
  im more interested about david cameron 's father and his accounts . 
  putin i expected . 
  geez learn how to fight a prolonged war ... 
  always got ta be special do n't cha uk, 
  does n't matter they 're there now, 
  stay strong armenia !, 
  so do the kurds . 
  basically this  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et-s_gnunbw, 
  the simpsons will always be relevant , always . 
  this is the greatest april fools joke ever . 
  i was like europeeee not russia wtf and then i realized that it was those cheeky mods , hats off to you, 
  save us slovenia , lel, 
  or hopefully croatia and serbia could each take their respective populations from bosnia and join it with their respective country . 
  would be for the best yes . 
  cmon josip knew exactly what he was doing, 
  well at least he admits it, 
  shameful that he spent 11 years of his life in trail an unfree man only to be found innocent, 
  dont draw any more cartoons frankeee, 
  actually he surrendered, 
  actually there are words that can describe it and its `` absolutly none . '', 
  geez ... 
  course not, 
  read the article , thats what this tribunal has been setup to do, 
  do izetbegovic and his bosnian governments have nothing better to do than launch pointless lawsuits ? 
  mini yugoslavia is what it is really . 
   the cvetnici wow racist much there ustasa ? 
  the bosnian state is dysfunctional partly because of dayton but dayton ended the war . 
  the federation is much more dysfunctional than rs . 
  the federation has like 12 cantons each with their own leader and each leader has his or her own laws and rules . 
  it 's so decentralized and dysfunctional that it does n't make sense bringing rs into that dysfunction . 
  rs on the other hand is centralized , it has one leader and is just one entity without any cantons . 
  now why would the centralized serbs of rs want to be part of the federations mess with its segregated schools and cantons that barely take orders from sarajevo ? 
  you 're not very different from the turks i mean after all you are turks !, 
  germany is retarded, 
  because nothing good ever comes from accepting middle eastern money nothing . 
  huh ? 
  eu is becoming less and less hallal friendly these days edit : becoming, 
  `` people on welfare in the netherlands '' ? 
  never met greeks in greece but diaspora greeks are very very hard working, 
  can confirm , is very very true, 
  poles are hard workers and no job is below them.if it means feeding their family, 
  muhhh soviet oressionzzz we wuz kings !, 
  do n't compare yourselves to the jewish holocaust, 
  campaign to take back when ? 
  that 's a rap song ? 
  what the fuck are you on ? 
  we do n't celebrate that and remove kebab is an internet meme you loser, 
  i think they should take back istanbul, 
  in downtown toronto we had turkish protesters marching the streets on the day of the armenian genocide ... the fucking nerve of these people i swear ... 
  only a handful of arab states do n't recognize israel, 
  shhhhhh only western backed independence movements count, 
  even a serb from croatia wouldnt have croatian flair , shutup hrvoje, 
  nicccccccceeee, 
  ugh i want those nato bombed out buildings torn down or rebuilt so badly . 
  look at hiroshima ffs, 
  maybe why, 
  true i man nothing but good things only come from middle eastern investments as we 've continually seen !, 
  red star belgrade < 333, 
  not anymore , the fun 90s are over, 
  yeah a lot of those arms went to kosovo and in the hands of the kla, 
  war is sport in serbia, 
  ohhh okay i understand now , gotcha, 
  sorry but what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  so he went into medicine ? 
  i call bullshit on this . 
  then shake the fucking hand and be done with it, 
  i really like switzerland 's approach to dealing with islam, 
  who said we have to recognize it ? 
  no one has made that a condition .
