what that hitler nonsense ? 
  not even gon na dognify that with an answer, 
  always remain a dream ? 
  im supposed to take him on his dreams lol ? 
  he even said it was a fucking dream . 
  now youre just fishing fucko, 
  kosovo and albania are literally afghanistan tiered in terms of economic migrants . 
  is the ec fucking high ??? 
   http://frontex.europa.eu/assets/publications/risk_analysis/annual_risk_analysis_2015.pdf#page=59, 
  okay go live in your deluded world of self grandeur, 
  wikipedia where you can write in your own history, 
  dont forget that kosovo and albania make up the largest european countries in terms of economic refugees , they even surpassed somalia !, 
  except theres no war there ...  http://frontex.europa.eu/assets/publications/risk_analysis/annual_risk_analysis_2015.pdf#page=59, 
  georgia , ukraine - yes kosovo - the 4th largest economic refugees come from kosovo , its basically a syria and afghanistan type of situation but theres no war !!!, 
  turkey - a country that has been turning more islamic and totalitarian by the day , a government that has attacked and taken over the head of the opposition party newspaper and tear gassed demonstrators and is using the migrants as a way to get what they want ? 
  there are no legally binding principles in international affairs, 
  you wait, 
  cept you know if you forget josip simunovic 's stunt and the swastika in the grass and the hugeee popularity of thompson band which brandishes symbols of the fascist ustase regime, 
  whataboutism over here ... 
  according toooooo yourselves ? 
  p.s balkans are in europe . 
  stop winking at me, 
  were they ? 
  because they all claim that they did through their langauge but who can claim what ancient illyrian sounded like ? 
  all they claim is that its a `` deep feeling we all have '' which is next to bullshit . 
  no but its a part of european identity culturally , with christmas and santa and easter etc. . 
  oh really ? 
  you know what ancient illyrian sounded like do ya ? 
  im a simple man, 
  and an invasion of polan ... err i mean isis, 
   you 'd have to have a strong populist personality like orban first . 
  there 's no one like that in croatia , by a a long shot . 
  i dnno man id recognize kosovo for a night with kolinda, 
  corrupt country in a corrupt organization , makes sense ye, 
  but there is no evidence at all of them being oldest people in europe like at all . 
  you all call yourselves illyrians and dardarian a and oldest people of europe but there is no proof of this at all like zeroooo, 
  am talking about kosovo, 
  native europeans while the oldest churches in kosovo are serbian . 
  lol, 
  native europeans arent muslim . 
  go back to turkistan, 
   kosovo : is serbian you all just made a new bff, 
  a 2 year old article by an albanian author ? 
  members of the eu do n't even recognize kosovo and no one has vetoed serbia in terms of kosovo, 
  what about it ? 
  no theyre not , serbia is committed to fulfilling the community guidelines and has something like 3 chapters opened but croatias reasons for blocking the process are complete nonsense . 
  serbia has barely 7 million people , polan has almost 40 million . 
  of course theyll have more migrants that choose to move . 
  the only one vetoing us is your shitty government , no one else, 
  that movie sucked , all i got from it was the uk trying to laugh off islmix terror ** `` terrorists are funny , rig ... right guys '' **, 
  do n't think the eu to be so weak, 
  our main destination is germany , sleep easy britbongs, 
  aside from kosovo sounds like murrrrrica, 
  shoot em all nd start from scratch !, 
  cause you did n't exist , stop making up your history on wikipedia, 
  again you 're not giving me any reasons why you find it dumb just expecting me to understand your dumb reasoning . 
  your reasoning is just to scream racism if someone does n't agree with you is it ? 
  elaborate , dont just sit there expecting me to understand your reasoning . 
  if youve got a point to make then say it . 
  who else are they gon na back ? 
  batshit crazy bashar al assad ? 
  or maybe the dictators in hamas or fatah or maybe just maybe isis ? 
  not a lot of good options in the area, 
  oh god shutup please . 
  serbs boycotted the elections thats why it came out to 99 % , dont try to straw-man the information on me . 
   it was n't ethnic cleansing . 
  no one forced them to leave . 
  in bih you had concentration camps , terror tactics , massacres , burning down homes , etc. 
  completely different . 
  uhhh yes they did . 
  in kosovo and croatia serbs were forced to elave under threat of violence . 
  where do you get your facts from ? 
   hardly any atrocities accompanied it . 
  riiighttt just a lot of dead serbs in croatia but if you ignore those no atrocities accomplished it . 
  smart on their end tbh, 
  historically israel has n't given a shit what the rest of the world thinks, 
  accurate, 
  kosovo is serbia ? 
  exactly that 's my point they did i because they were true refugees and not moving for some gain but rather just flee a conflict for the time being, 
  talk to kosovo and croatia about ethnic cleansing since theirs is always forgotten as well as the organ trade in which the evidence was thrown to rubbish . 
  when your voice isnt heard and ignored basically military option is usually a good alternative . 
  there was rape and death camps on all sides, 
  yes but did they move around the middle east looking for the place with the best benefits ? 
  of course , when you try and tear a large minority from their homes of course they will be the ones to voice their dissatisfaction the loudest, 
  vice versa, 
  serbia never attacked bosnia , bosnia declared independence from yugoslavia while the large minority of serbs in bosnia didnt want to be separated from belgrade , aka serbia , so they rebelled with the support of serbia . 
  this is exactly what happened in croatia too . 
  thats not an excuse . 
  agreed , nothing good ever comes out of saudi arabia , nothing . 
  good for you switzerland , do n't take no shit . 
  just build a merkel wall, 
  i do n't care to belong to any club that would have me as a member, 
  vucic and his cronies arent a good thing , theyre pro-eu but theyre corrupt cunts that the eu wont touch . 
  im just trolloing, 
  no serbia so relevant, 
  cant say im surprised, 
  irrelevant countries, 
  thank youuuuuu djokovic, 
  lol dat detail on the serbian election, 
  hey stop that,
