  ( also , `` harold scotsman '' you 're mixing up two papers there , the herald and the scotsman ), 
  if she crosses the line between advising against and telling us there wont be one then it really does n't matter how well crafted the speech she does it with is . 
  the scottish government have guranteed funding for those starting their courses before brexit happens afaik . 
  no , as in when it came to deciding the negotiating position it would be one that all parts of the uk could find something for them in . 
  separate contributions to an overall united front , however that is not the way the uk operates with the preferred approach being `` follow the leader '', 
   however , once the results to the follow-up brexit question were factored back into the original question , the results suggest that up to 43 % may back a second referendum , and 42 % would be against . 
  some 15 % remain undecided ^ . 
  why 'd you stop reading at the start ? 
  yeah , people are forgetting that the cameron school of thought of a 4 month build up for such a monumental referendum has no support in the snp . 
  it 'll be an 18 month to 2 year campaign again . 
  at the moment this is still technically at the `` back the fuck down may '' stage where it 's being touted more as a threat to get may to at least listen to the scottish governments concerns . 
  really though from the day the result was announced everybody knew we were on course for another referendum . 
  it can be far far looser than we have at the moment . 
  fwiw i hope it never comes to that , the eu is something worthwhile . 
  i think you 'd see public pressure mount for a reversal in attitude and if that did n't come then i think that political avenues would be explored but if the uk insisted on an imperialist stance on the issue then yeah , unilateral seccession would be on the cards . 
  fwiw i doubt we 'll end up in that scenario , independence is n't guranteed by a long shot , if may did that she 'd be putting her foot in it and all but guranteeing it but if she does the smart thing and treats westminster approval as a formality that will always be granted then she 'll be fine . 
  there are 2 things in my view that would make independence a foregone conclusion . 
  1 - abolishing the scottish parliament against scotlands wishes 2 - refusing to ~ ~ grant ~ ~ acknowledge a referendum on independence, 
  ireland has been particularly helpful but i would say that leaders have n't been loud enough . 
  pretty much copy and paste whatever would happen to ireland . 
  seriously though , even if the political structure of the eu collapses the single market will endure . 
  actually he 's on point . 
  even unionists see scotland as a country in a union , ( the clue being in the name ) it 's a tiny percentage of people who do n't see scotland as a country . 
  london taking the position it did last time that it was against it but it was for scotland to decide would be fine . 
  london saying that it was against it and had decided scotland need n't decide would alter the very narrative that underpins scotland in the uk . 
  that we are a country in a union of our own free will . 
  it went pretty quick from `` we 're going to work on what brexit means as a family of equal nations '' to `` we 'll give you a call and let you know what we decide '' . 
  this is simply re-announcing the bill that was announced and supported by the scottish parliament less than a week after brexit . 
  this is basically the legislative restatement of what everyone knows , there 's going to be a second referendum . 
  it gives no clue as to the timing etc. 
  it 's not economics or military that has kept the uk as a world power these past few decades , it 's soft power , it 's the influence the country wields and that influence has been badly badly damaged by brexit and all that has come after the vote . 
  the article is about research done uk-wide , not just in scotland , what are n't you getting about that ? 
  he 's commenting on the fact that at the time of his posting the only other comments are making out this is a problem unique to scotland rather than right across the uk . 
  it was assumed that a vote to leave the eu would be * immediately * followed by triggering article 50 . 
  spoiler alert , it was n't, 
  scotlands a great country if you fancy a visit , but do n't write off the rest of the uk because of some loudmouth thugs that are n't representative of the population as a whole , they 're also nice countries to visit . 
  actually it 's both , airports are always way below the market rates but the pound is dropping because of brexit . 
  please respect democracy . 
  we had a vote . 
  we can vote again . 
  yeah , it 's true of anyone moving from a poorer area to a more affluent one . 
  like i said , i still support free movement of people and do n't support the sorts of shite we 're hearing coming out of the tories but acknowledging that problems exist is half the battle . 
  everyone likes to see politicians actions as being wholly calculated and to some extent that 's true , sturgeon and the scottish government have made a point of contrasting their attitude to eu migrants to the uk government alternative and the political reasons for that are obvious . 
  but that said , i do n't think anyone who could describe themselves as fairminded could say that this is n't a case where the actions and beliefs about how to handle this situation have actually lined up , it 's clear that they 're using it for political capital but also that it is something they actually believes need done/said , they 're seeing eu nationals shat on left right and centre and so gestures like sending them all a letter to let them know they 're welcome while politically smart , also are just to them the right thing to do . 
  honestly as supportive of free movement etc as i am , that 's just `` they took our jobs '' from the other side of the fence . 
  the truth is there is competition for these jobs from locals but they are often priced out by people from countries who are happier to accept a lesser wage or worse working conditions because their quality of life still greatly improves . 
  like all situations if people are being honest it 's not a black and white issue , there are valid arguments for both points of view . 
  who is talking about a trade war here ? 
  the uk has signalled that it wants to be in the single market but without free movement of people , it is britain that is to be accused of wanting a trade war if anyone is . 
  but to answer your question it 'd be unnecessary but i do expect there will be some appetite to see us punished , how far that will be taken i ca n't say , trade war would n't be justice but it 'd be the ruk 's choice . 
  yeah , crowns merged in 1600 ( forget the exact ) , and though the acts of union happened in 1707 it would n't be right to say that the institutions merged , for all intents and purposes scotland and england have always been governed separately even in the union , with different institutions north and south of the border , some people are under the mistaken impression that we were pretty much the same until devolution in the late 90 's but the reality is the merger never really happened for things we 'd consider important today . 
  actually we merged the crowns in 1600 and with independence we 'd likely keep it like that for the forseeable ( probably 20 years on we 'd start looking at it ) the union of crowns funny enough is not really an issue . 
  making sure the consequences of said allys actions are front and centre . 
  i do n't see why so many find it difficult to understand , not kowtowing to the uk 's wishes & demands is not the same as `` fucking over '' if you walk into a shop and decide you quite like a shirt but do n't much fancy paying for it , you can leave the shirt alone and not have it , or you can try and nick it and suffer the consequences , it 's all your own choice and the consequences are entirely brought upon yourself for each action . 
  more like `` justice must not only be done , but must be seen to be done '', 
  his wording is just clunky , probably from translation , what he 's saying is clear . 
  what is the incentive for any member of any group to rmain a part of that group if they have the option to leave it and continue to reap all the rewards with none of the responsibility ? 
  there is none , therefore the eu must be clear that the uk will be losing out for the rest of the eu 's members to see that there is still reason for them to stay . 
  eventually meaning a pretty loose deadline of whenever the fuck countries choose ... 
  had a lot of people like this a couple of years ago when we were having our referendum in scotland , lots of people outraged that londoners were being blamed for stuff , apparently unaware that it is a normal way of speaking ( even after they had it explained ), 
  unfortunatley with the cross chamber anti-scottish alliance there 's an informal deal where labour and the conservatives will keep scotland frozen out until we start electing parties that are palatable elsewhere . 
  i do n't know if you 're joking or not . 
  staggering can also mean `` astonish or deeply shock '', 
  seems like a smarmy prick . 
  yup , pretty much . 
  they 're pretty much a political bogeyman to the rest of the uk at this point , mostly based on nonsense but it sells . 
  yup , labour carries the reputation to this day in regards to devolution as a result . 
  ( ca n't go forgetting that they earned that vote of no confidence ), 
  its only been 13 years since england & wales got rid of their version of this , ( 16 in scotland ) . 
  sometimes it feels like europe is worlds apart on this issue but the reality is there 's very little distance between the two positions . 
  most western countries were socially speaking very homophobic less than 20 years ago , by 2030 it 's not impossible that lithuania could be the same . 
  institutional justice was implemented to replace things like mob justice , it 's only natural that where institutional justice recedes that mob justice etc will reform . 
  they just need to be taught that immunity from prosecution does n't mean immunity from persecution . 
  thing is , it 's setting up a situation / narrative . 
  when a50 is triggered and things start moving again it 'll be spun as brexit was going so well until the europeans started getting involved . 
  not a good outlook . 
  huh , i stopped paying attention when it was at 1.33 and that does n't feel like too long ago . 
  ca n't they open a window/put in a vent ? 
  do you want to know why they never bought that argument ? 
  in large part it 's an attitude about britains place in the world , but more fundamental than that , when it comes to the eu , those that vote out do n't see it as a single bloc , they 're thinking about all the countries on a case by case basis where at the worst case they 're dealing with an equal in economic terms . 
  they forgot to factor in that while they do n't see the eu as a single bloc that will negotiate on that basis , that is the reality . 
  no not really , there are obviously some groups like the orange order that would give that impression that one must go hand in hand with the other but quite surprisingly it managed to not factor in , there was a healthy enough amount of people for both in each side . 
  put away the war plans , we agreed on silence !, 
  i 'm not sure if any surveys were done in regards to parentage but a similar sort of thing emerged in scotland with our referendum . 
  those who were born in scotland voted by a slim margin in favour of independence , those who were born outside the uk ( mostly from eu countries originally ) voted about 60/40 no , and those born outside scotland but in the uk were about 75/25 no ( this part of the population accounts for about 10 % of the population alone so obviously significant ) . 
  so not exactly the same findings but drawing to a similar conclusion that the way to win it is to make those with greater connections elsewhere more understanding that they wont lose them on the result of the vote . 
   brexit will pull forward a trade deal between the us and uk in the form of the ttip . 
  ttip is the highwater mark of what the uk can now expect from the usa , the usa will now not be dealing with the collective might of the eu when it comes to the uk but only the uk itself . 
  still a lucrative market , but not one on equal terms , any us-uk trade deal will reflect the respective positions of the two countries . 
  ttip was an ongoing negotiation between equals . 
  you 're both right and wrong . 
  they said that it was binding but no parliament can bin another , even the same one the next day . 
  had there been a yes vote in 2014 it 'd have only been final and irrevocable by the uk parliament on independence day when it would have ceased to have power over scotland . 
  same with anything in the uk . 
  edinburgh 's a top tourist destination , it 's anything but underrated , plus it 's full of twee tartan shops, 
   another plus was a place ( which i ca n't remember ) that had tons of coffee shops with lots of outside seating and a really good vibe . 
  you 're almost certainly talking about [ royal exchange square ] ( http://photoeverywhere.co.uk/britain/glasgow/royal_exchange_square_night.jpg ), 
  that was a nice read , barra has the humour down to a tee , had me laughing with hungweegians, 
  the obvious one that would probably produce just as big a shit storm is doing the checks entering gb instead of the uk . 
  we 're looking at the new eastern border being drawn at the moment .
