  this is the daily star , it makes the daily mail look like a refined and sophisticated news source and so far only those two and the mirror seem to be mentioning this ( in english language news ), 
  you know you can buy like 100 of the bags made for those bins for like 50p ? 
  also that just in general this whole thread is a right-wing england centric mashup . 
  funny how the brexiters are so interested in coming over to / r/europe , 
  never-mind the fact that some of their headline policies at the moment are pretty unpopular , more as a result of media misrepresentation than anything else but they carry on with them because they think it 's the right thing . 
  like all parties they have their populist elements but to call them a populist party outright does n't really stand . 
  / r/ukpolitics is visiting if anybody is wondering . 
  there 's been a noticeable downward turn and we 've not even got started , i 'd be careful with running about as though brexit will be all sunshine and roses . 
  could we at least wait until we begin the process of leaving before we start casting judgements ? 
  i 'm not the mp , but ownership was never a point of contention at all , it 's very easy to see what scottish territorial waters would be by simply applying un law of the sea and we already know scottish waters because that 's where scots law applies . 
  so [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/archive/6/63/20100927180543!scottish_eez.png ) is what our territorial waters would look like , and [ this ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/files/2013/04/218.png ) is where teh oil and gas rigs are , red is oil , green is gas , as you can see scotland gets most oil , the rest of the uk gets most gas . 
  as for ownership , the rigs are all privately owned , it 's simply a case of who those private companies report to . 
  the americans had a similar thing with the connecticut compromise where in one house the states populations were represented ( e.g. 
  new york has 27 where wyoming has 1 ) then there is the senate where the states are equal , and no matter the size or population , all states have two senators . 
   economic development in scotland is a devolved issue . 
  oh come on that 's a bloody buzzword , they have extremely limited economic powers , even their budget is almost entirely out of the scottish parliaments hands . 
  westminster is on the hook for most things regarding the economy , social security , international affairs , energy policy the military , basically anything that could be looked at as uk-wide the scottish government is primarily responsible for things like health , education , policing , transport , and yes , limited economic powers basically domestic policy with room to change the edges of the uk approach on some matters like the economy . 
  but this is all a bit like expecting someone with a toyota prius to carry the load of a artic lorry , it 's just not equipped for it , in fact it 's one of their reasons for pursuing independence in the first place !, 
  i think you 've misunderstood what i said . 
   what i dont understand is why the uk seem to think they have some special relationship with china . 
  it goes without saying that there is no single uk view of things but the people who think the uk and china have a special relationship think that the uk is set to remain a permanent member of the big boys table and have mistaken the very clear interest from chinese companies in asset stripping the uk for mutual respect because they call it `` investment '' . 
  that 's it basically , it 's a mentality that the uk was a world power and world powers still take an interest therefore the uk is still a world power rather than a regional one with a lot of soft power and cultural appeal ( that could be utterly ruined with a half decade of hollywood pushing another narrative ), 
   the brexiteers invented a fake story this myth goes back way before brexit , we were being told this before our first referendum . 
  it was a big part of the whole idea that voting no meant we stayed in the eu but voting yes meant we 'd leave and not be allowed back in . 
  with the uk leaving is there any member left who 'll want to keep up the pretence ? 
  both are totally valid imo . 
  parliament debates tuesday & wednesday , vote on wednesday evening which is all but certain to pass, 
  since everyone seems to be enjoying the snippet of the speech someone else posted , this is my favourite part i posted over on / r/uk [ . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doi41gm2gna&amp;t=27m52s ), 
  near enough right after june 23rd i prefer [ my version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dprqluc.png ) i made for sweet karma on r/vexillology though edit in fact thinking about it it was probably kicking about before then i think it was there at a lot of pro-eu rallies pre-referendum, 
  the reason is that it is easier to grow when you have less , like if i have a factory producing 1 car a day and i increase to 2 i 've increased production by 100 % but if i produce 1000 a day and increase by 1 i 've increased it by 0.1 % just look at the difference between east and west germany , if the 2004 accession countries were included in this they 'd probably be in a league above violet . 
  the fact that the excuse is he could n't hear merkel ask if he wanted to handshake because journalists were asking for a handshake too loud kind of makes the point moot imo . 
  * right i 'll post my reason from a few days ago on the economic perspective for independence and see what you say . 
  * lets knock the idea that our economy is sustainable as part of the uk on the head . 
  currently we run a budget deficit of about # 15b or 10 % , # 9bn of that is a net fiscal transfer from elsewhere in the uk . 
  the way the uk economy is set up is to the benefit of the south east of england and london , everywhere else outside of that is weighted down by being in an economy geared towards prosperity for the south . 
  wales , a country half scotlands population has a deficit of # 15b too , that 's 24 % of gdp northern ireland is about 1/3rd the size of scotland , deficit # 10b about 25 % of gdp regions like cornwall and the north of england it 's a similar story but statistics do n't come as easily packaged as they do for the countries . 
  the point is , the uk gives the impression of itself as being this stable prosperous country and it is , but the prosperity is ridiculously concentrated , london punches so far above its weight that it drags everyone else up massively . 
  so you 're probably thinking well why throw away our economic ties to that city that punches so far above its weight right ? 
  well what happens when that falters ? 
  it 's a single city on the hook for keeping everywhere else going . 
  you know that saying when america sneezes the world catches a cold ? 
  when london sneezes the rest of the uk gets influenza and requires constant supervision in the icu . 
  so now you might be thinking well yes , the whole uk is ridiculously reliant on london but that does n't mean things ca n't improve , share the wealth a bit right ? 
  wrong , the uk economy has been geared this way for so long there is nobody even remotely interested in changing it , it would take decades of intensive management to wean the uk off of london and the short term nature of british politics that holds with the idea that `` a pound spent in croydon is of far more value to the country than a pound spent in strathclyde , '' is not going to suddenly up sticks and change , especially not with brexit where every sacrifice is going to have to be given to keep the engine of the uk economy turning over . 
  now you 're maybe thinking that even although the picture of the uk 's financial health might not be as rosy as first thought it does n't actually change anything , scotlands still in a bad economic place and independence does n't fix that overnight . 
  well you 'd be right because it wont , if anything we 'll start independence on a backward footing and have to take it from there , but the point that must be made is that while our economic situation is far from ideal and admittedly rather bad it 's not as bad as it can get in the uk , i 've already shown how bad the uk is willing to let things get with countries , 10 % is bad in an international context but it is n't something we ca n't recover from , 25 % though ? 
  and you might think that of course the uk would never allow things to get that bad here right ? 
  well what happened to wales and ni then ? 
  being independent means that the scottish government does n't have the option of just letting the scottish economy go to ruin , they ca n't just consign large parts of the country to economic ruin for the simple reason that it would n't be able to afford it , every part of scotland under an independent government will * need * to be economically competitive . 
  small countries do n't have the luxury of throwing large parts of themselves on the scrapheap the way large ones do . 
  we have all the trappings of a successful country economically speaking , we may be off kilter right now but the people talking about our situation as though it is irreversible , they 're so wrong . 
  staying in the uk economically speaking means that for the time being , while it is politically tenable ( and it 's already getting untenable ) our bills will be paid , but it is n't going to last forever . 
  independence may be uncertain and bring its economic risks with it but so too does staying in the uk , and at least as an independent country when we fuck up our economy we have to start fixing it rather than saying that that is our fate , to be economically destitute . 
  i believe that the vote should have held up to a generation even though my opinion changed after the vote until the fundamental restructuring of the uk constitutional makeup happened without scottish consent . 
  you seem to have made up your mind and decided anyone who disagrees is an idiot already so what would be the point in taking the time to write a long comment only for it to likely be dismissed out of hand ? 
  nah we get promised that fairly regularly , to listen to the uk parties you 'd think we were near enough independent as it is . 
  on the promise of more powers after what happened in the last referendum many of us would just take such a promise as a slap in the face , we all know it does n't materialise in any meaningful sense once they have the result they want . 
  she 's trying that i think you are right and also the simple fact that the uk civil service is probably going to be inadequate to handle brexit never mind an independence referendum running in parallel . 
  the way she is going about it though is in a way that all tory ministers seem to do since the thatcher era , with a complete inability to understand that how they say things is as important as what you say , and what she has just said to scots is that brexit that we did n't vote for is happening and that she has decided that although we have had it drummed into our heads from when we were wee that the union is a voluntary partnership of equal nations that she is too busy plowing on with something we do n't want in the first place and so has decided not to recognise calls for a second referendum by our parliament ( yet to actually be made ) what i am basically trying to say is that the * way * she has went about this shows she suffers from the problem most tory ministers do , they do n't know how to speak to scotland and end up doing anything from making a complete fool of themselves to making people very angry . 
  the scottish parliament has a mandate right now to call for one , denying that until after 2021 and saying there has to be * another * mandate won before she will allow it is not going to play well at all . 
  scotlands post independence options are n't predicated on garnering business fleeing the uk though , admittedly we 'd miss out on that but it 's not like it was ever something banked on in the first place . 
  except we know that there is a 2 year deadline that is highly unlikely to be extended , so the idea that there would be a substantial period needed to prepare for the new reality is not unfounded especially on the uk side of things when you consider all the agencies we are leaving . 
   if sturgeon wants a referendum at a later date , it is irresponsible of her to pretend she wants the referendum at an earlier date . 
  everything is a negotiation in this world , the only way she can get theresa to meet her where she wants is to start with an offer too far from what theresa wants . 
  [ michel barnier is the eu 's chief brexit negotiator , he 's the one that said it , not me ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/michel-barnier-uk-will-have-18-months-to-secure-brexit-deal-article-50/ ), 
  brexit negotiations are expected to take about 18 months with the last 6 being to get everything in order for the divorce date . 
   my understanding is that this was done exactly because a majority of scots do not want another referendum and may obtained evidence that temporarily blocking the referendum would not be unpopular among swing voters or unionists . 
  so long as she is only questioning the timing this is n't all that risking , but if she starts straying into blocking it outright territory then that 's when things get very risky for her , a lot of people intending to vote yes ( me included ) want a later date and i even suspect sturgeon does too . 
  whether yes or no , most people see scotland as their country and the uk as a union of countries , if may makes the big mistake of blocking a referendum on us leaving rather than just changing the timing then it fundamentally changes what the uk is and how it is viewed in scotland . 
  how does the left right divide compare to an institutional bias towards the status quo ? 
  just earlier in the week we had a prime example of this , the 5th party in scotland had their conference covered in full , the 4th party , the one that will be required to activate a second independence referendum and as such are playing a key role in the current parliament , they got 20 minutes of their conference covered . 
  why ? 
  because the bbc is used to the lib dems being the important 3rd party , they favour the status quo above all . 
  yeah , i 'm not disputing that it 's disgusting if that 's how she intended it , i do n't speak the language so was just wondering if people had maybe picked her up wrong based on what the comment said she said . 
  i do n't speak the language so just going off what you are saying , but is it possible she is trying to say the killing of jews was an attempt at killing their religion as well as the individual ? 
  plaid cymru basically just tries to emulate the snp word for word , they saw the success of the snp in scotland and thought `` i 'll have some of that ! '', 
  only problem is the situation here does n't really apply to wales but they have n't cottoned on and are still copying it . 
  ah thanks !, 
  what time will the result be known ? 
  and a survation poll for the daily mail found 47 yes 53 no . 
  a child tried to do something they should n't have , was told no and has proceeded to throw a tantrum with hilarious threats about hurting their toys if they do n't get what they want . 
  that 's about the long and the short of it . 
  wtf are you doing , this is not becoming a thing !, 
  it 's scottish independence , the only comical name is calling the referendum the indy ref . 
  same was happening with scotland at the time and conveniently fell by the wayside once the war ha passed . 
  you mean when they allowed one ? 
  the next ref would have been closer to 2030 , not next parliament but the one after that . 
  first it was spain now it 's fucking wallonia , can you guys make up your minds please . 
  so what does this mean ? 
  more sun ? 
  more crops ? 
  it has nothing against them , i 'm saying the no to independence side here has great success by pretending that they do , spain is only against countries becoming independent without the old and new countrys say so . 
  it does n't , its position on the issue has nuance , but by removing the nuance and just presenting it quite simply as `` spain will veto '' the no side here has had great success in getting people to believe that they dimply do n't like newly independent countries . 
  it is continually being cut back and in my view seems more based around big fancy projects like the new aircraft carriers that will woo the public rather than actually maintaining a functional military . 
   of course sometimes there will be a tory majority . 
  and sometimes there will be a labour one . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
  except at the time most people were certain that there would be neither . 
   what he certainly did say , going too far on , though was his oil forecasts .
