do people from hot countries do that ? 
  it just occurred to me if i 'm going abroad , having a change in weather is the single biggest factor . 
  he does , this is the dance british politicians have been doing for decades , putting up a smokescreen of what the eu is and what it 's for , even the pro-eu ones . 
  they know what sells in the uk and rather than try to change opinion they just run with it and have ( clearly unsuccessfully ) tried to make the eu appear to be exactly what brits want . 
  they actually do it fairly often , free lego for the grandkids is one of the ways they hook people in , especially around christmas . 
  would never fly in the uk . 
  the eu in the 70 's cushioned the blow of the loss of empire allowing people to go on thinking as though the uk was still head honcho in all things , i think it 's going to need some time on its own for its place in the world to actually sink in . 
  plus the reason the efta gets eea access in the way it does is because it 's viewed as a long term preparation ground for countries that could one day * join * the eu . 
  i highly doubt efta countries are going to risk its very existence all to welcome a new member that would completely dominate the club and basically be a loose cannon . 
  the uk government specifically sought to do just that , invite as many countries as possible so that anything more than a trading alliance would be unworkable . 
   which is usually associated with marianne and the french revolution ... well this is embarrassing , my first thought was it looks like papa smurfs hat . 
  wait is that true ? 
  i 'm actually fine with that and agree with the sentiment , it 's the transition period that worries me . 
  it really does n't , like if i was asked to rank them on a scale of 1 to 10 , brexit would be a 3 , trump a 10 but that does n't mean i do n't consider brexit a monumental fuck up , just that it 's nowhere near as monolithic as this . 
  i 'm worried what this means for europe in a big way , trump being elected pretty much makes nato a rickety barge for us , militarily i think europe needs to unite and invest pretty quickly or at some point an eu member is going to have a small bit of territory taken away by russia , just to test the water . 
  if i was in eastern/central europe i 'd be bricking it right now . 
  that 's his point . 
  wo n't be 100,000 but certainly wont be a tiny number either . 
  you would be very surprised at the amount who take the term `` free movement of people '' and believe it is the source of the uk 's immigration system , as in there 'd be no immigration without that principle , it 's from the eu , applies to everywhere and as a result leaving the eu means stopping immigration . 
  democratic , just with convoluted electoral processes . 
  not rupert in this case but same idea yeah . 
  it just looks like someones saw a few big things in recent years and googled `` bad things the daily mail has wrote '' to make a list . 
  i mean every day there 's blaming some minority group for something . 
  at the first whiff of regulators cracking down on the nonsense they 'd have half the pensioners up in arms about it being a fascist police state forcing the regulators to back off and afterwards an example would be made of those who tried . 
  i feel like this barely scratches the surface on the mail . 
  to be fair , if i was in the regulators position i 'd probably let them away with a lot too , we all know the press in this country can destroy your life if it so wishes . 
  does anyone know a figure for that from before the vote ? 
  because i 'd bet it was much nearer 100 then . 
  70 % is high , but also low enough for dominoes to begin to fall . 
  de gaulle 's reasoning for vetoing the uk was that it would never properly integrate , would never get on board with the social and political integration/objectives , would act as a barrier to progress on those fronts and generally would seek to undermine the whole thing . 
  ca n't really say he was wrong . 
  nail on the head there . 
  the anger that got us brexit might have come from an anger towards financial elites , big business ( and other jargon to that effect ) but it was harnessed by those very people and organisations to get to an outcome that they wanted , one where the rulebook will get thrown out the window and multinationals get to write the new one under threat of a mass exodus for non-compliance . 
  what people felt they were voting against is what they 've actually voted for at a massively increased rate and it 's not gon na be pretty . 
  she 's actively pursuing a soft brexit approach for the uk whole , if that fails then she 's looking to secure a scotland specific deal . 
  tell me , even if you think it 's totally impossible for there to be a scotland specific deal alongside the rest of the uk one , what is stopping may from going for a soft brexit ? 
   as for sturgeon she sees this as her opportunity for a new referendum nothing may says will make her happy she 's using every opportunity to cause trouble nothing more . 
  sturgeon has been remarkably open to exploring options that can make everyone happy with the outcome and has roundly been told to fuck off and that they 'll give her a ring when they 've decided what 's happening . 
  was n't this a similar thing with americans a while back where it was then revealed that their definition of civilian was pretty narrow ? 
  it 's actually not that different from the last time . 
  for english only identity it 's 57.7 % http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20160105160709/http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171776_290558.pdf ( bottom page 10 ), 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-24282271 actually the english are even more not british than anywhere else . 
  and should it come to it i 'm sure they 'd ponder whether or not the distinctly english legal tradition of parliament being sovereign holds weight in scotland over the scottish one that holds that people are sovereign . 
  if something could be sorted where we get the best of both worlds as part of the uk then i could live with that , highly unlikely though . 
  yup , same rules , there are minor changes being proposed that were recommended by the electoral commission after the last one but overall it 's the same . 
  happened last time so yes . 
  it all depends entirely on what the uk does , eu would be my preference in an ideal world but if they go for a hard brexit i 'd be wanting efta with a view to getting ourselves in the position for the eu at a later date . 
  it 's really not though , the thing is , once requested it can technically be refused but i doubt anyone would dare . 
  it 's the exact same situation that the queen can refuse royal assent to any bill , effectively blocking it , she has that power of course but she would n't dare use it because the second she uses it she loses it . 
   `` you 'll need to pay to come in this club '' ... `` will a tenner cover it ? '' ... `` bribe !, 
  he 's trying to bribe me ! '', 
  except this is more `` you 'll need to pay to come in this club , it 's a # 10 entry fee '' ... `` what if i gave * you * a fiver , would that cover it ? '', 
  `` we 'll pay you and in exchange you can go to bat for us in the eu '' that 's a bribe mate , no two ( legitimate ) ways of looking at it . 
  that it is going outwith eu channels in order to secure support within them ? 
  yes that 's dishonest . 
  you 're overly focused on this word bilateral , it just means two way exchange , there will be bilateral deals the eu makes that amount to bribes and there will be ones that do n't . 
  i do n't see what your problem with acknowledging that this is a bribe , the uk will offer individual countries financial support and in exchange will expect support on this matter . 
  that 's literally a bribe , there 's really no two ways about it . 
   dishonestly persuade ( someone ) to act in one 's favour by a gift of money or other inducement . 
  funny , that 's what i imagine most dutch peoples reactions to being handed one of these would be , `` yahya '' * quickly walks away, 
  when i saw the picture in the sidebar for mexico i thought it was the perfect place to put one , spent way too long on it . 
  the libdems are fiercely pro-eu and only democratic when it suits them . 
  it would never have been allowed to happen . 
  he was re-elected because people did n't feel miliband was up to the job . 
  the only reason he put a referendum in the manifesto was because it appeased the most right-wing eurosceptics in his party and all polling was pointing towards a hung parliament where he could jettison that policy for what would have been understandable reasons . 
  far better than they were a few decades ago before ~ ~ the eu stepped in and cleaned them up ~ ~ they magically cleaned themselves up having been awed by british sovereignty . 
  they do n't believe it at first , but a few months of reading daily stories of mad things the eu is doing leaves people with the impression that it 's the sort of thing the eu does . 
  so even if people do n't believe these stories initially they eventually develop a belief that it 's the sort of thing the eu does so readily accept all stories like this eventually ( and promptly forget it leaving only the impression about what the eu is ), 
  similar to bairn in scotland, 
  for what it 's worth i have a similar story , a lot of us independence supporters started out quite happily identifying with britain , it was only when i started paying any attention to politics i started getting very different feelings , i saw my country continually belittled and overruled with no recourse whatsoever . 
  i still ended up voting no in the 2014 referendum though , but then in 2015 , after we 'd nearly left , when they said things would definetly change , they basically excluded scotland 's representatives from deciding anything to do with what powers we were to get with every amendment put forward rejected ( we were promised home rule if we voted no ) . 
  if that was n't bad enough the election that led up to that had pitted us as a threat to be kept away from power , we went from a family of nations to scum of the earth in the space of a few months . 
  what i 'm getting at is you 'll find many scots can relate to your disenchantment with the uk from originally being very happy with it . 
  i think brexit has shifted the narrative , last referendum what the uk was and meant for scotland was taken as a given , this time there is no ability for the media to ignore having to probe what the uk is . 
  i think it 's perfectly possible for scotland to take the leap , my personal stance on the economic side of things is that we are in this state as a part of the union , not only that but we have no ability to alter our economic position while in the union ( insufficient powers and budget is treated as basically pocket money ) not only that though , it 's basically the case that it is in the uk 's interests to keep scotland economically disadvantaged . 
  so yeah , i think it 's possible people would take the leap , endure a bit of hardship for a few years to set us on the right course . 
  but it 's nowhere near certain . 
  well to start with there is undoubtedly a deficit that scotland would have as an independent country , it 's not like we 'd just wipe it out . 
  the problem is , unlike actual sovereign countries , all figures on our economy are informed guesses , our export statistics come from a survey of business , our economic activity is all attributed based on uk-wide statistics . 
  what i 'm getting at is that we 'd have to be independent before we knew where we really stood . 
  now you 're starting to see the problem with how scotlands finances are talked about . 
  the assumption underpinning any discussion regarding them is that we would maintain similar spending priorities to the uk when in many areas we clearly would do no such thing . 
  and assuming she actually said there would be no second independence referendum then you 'd have a point ( discounting that there would inevitably be a court case to finally test whether or not the english concept of parliamentary sovereignty holds weight in scotland and that could go either way ) . 
  but since she has just reiterated that she would n't like to see one happen there 's no reason to invoke her authority . 
  i wonder how many hundreds ( thousands ? ), 
  of comments like yours were made in regard to the uk leaving the eu on this very sub . 
  it 's not brinksmanship , this is simply the dance that needs to be done , theresa may must object in the strongest possible terms to fulfil her duty as pm ( and probably more importantly tory leader ) and nicola sturgeon must insist that it 's a decision for the scottish people to make to fulfil her duty . 
  neither is fooling the other , theresea may wont be stupid enough to block a referendum and nicola sturgeon will do it when she feels the time is right . 
  for anyone who does n't read the article , this is not a rejection but a carefully crafted restatement of her opposition to such a thing . 
  that bill you 're thinking of included a stipulation that the scottish government would have permission from parliament to begin work on a second independence referendum so as to keep all options open . 
  the tories do n't support a second referendum but you 've got to understand , it was immediately after the brexit result , they had no idea how their voters had taken it so erred on the side of caution with their approach to what at the time was seen pretty widely as justified anger . 
   the uk media is starting to look like a deluded fantasy land , than any attempt at journalism . 
  and both us continentals and you scots seem targeted to get the brunt of it . 
  the funny thing is though , most uk newspapers have a scottish variant so they basically get to talk shit about us behind our backs while we read the scottish editions . 
   but the larger media is reading it as a demand by sturgeon for scotland 's continued access to single market . 
  she is , non-scottish media usually likes to paint with a very wide brush when it comes to this sort of thing , paint her as being unreasonable and single minded . 
  the truth is she has been very open about the fact that while a second referendum is highly likely it is n't a definite and that if the uk government is willing to work together for once and not just jump straight to hard brexit there might be a way to make things work . 
  ultimately as always that 's pretty much a pipe dream but the offer has been there since the brexit vote . 
  there are a lot of people who would support independence who just simply do n't support a second referendum because if this one is lost then it 's lost for a long time . 
  personally i think we 're creeping closer to it being an appropriate point but there 's a lot of people shit scared that they blow what will be their last opportunity for a few decades in all likelihood because it gets called too soon .
