  that was a case of the two wanting vastly different things from the union , the uk public wanted the eea and that 's it , the uk political establishment wanted the eu to revert to being just the eea . 
  so yeah , it 's no surprise when a member wants something vastly different from the group that it eventually leaves even though the eu really did try to compromise . 
  it 's the only time i really understood the term `` festival of democracy '' . 
  i mean , it was great , but tiring , it 's a bit like being asked if you want to run a marathon after spending a day on a treadmill . 
  yeah but usually best guess on these things is a little more in-depth than a business survey extrapolated to the whole country . 
  reliable statistics on the scottish economy are like unicorns , everyone knows what they are and could have a conversation about them but they do n't actually exist . 
  constant campaigning , if you treat them as things you turn up on the day for then yeah i can get why you 'd think that 's only a few , but like i said in my comment the independence referendum has led to an attitude of political engagement , if people decide they 're going to vote they dedicate a lot of time to understanding it now . 
  it * is * tiring . 
  9 % felt the vow had been fulfilled . 
  the only reason the uk endures is because it feels like it 'd be too much hassle to undo it . 
  it 's a loveless marriage where the couple just ca n't be arsed with the lawyers that 's all , the eu on the other hand actually does what it can to accommodate its members interests . 
  now now , you know those figures are n't totally reliable . 
  and even if they were they represent a marked departure from the total reliance on the rest of the uk before , i worry that this is what we 'll end up going back to . 
  we 've had constant political votes in the last few years , more than the rest of the uk , it 's no surprise , * i 'm * tired of them too . 
  2014 - eu vote , indy ref 2015 - uk ge 2016 scottish ge , brexit ( just over a month between the two ) next year we 've got council elections and an indy ref which last time inspired tons of political engagement just seems like an opportunity to tire everyone out at this point ( people always say this or that lead to political engagement but the indy ref really did , i think you had to be there to get it ), 
  juggernaut : a huge , powerful , and overwhelming force or institution . 
  the uk compares well but it is not in the position it was historically where it was only dealing with those who could not compete . 
  well there is that too , in lots of their minds they never really left the uk . 
  it does happen quite a lot , the worst are the ones in places like america though , they fly back once a year with a checklist of what they want done then fly off again . 
  historically the uk was an economic juggernaut . 
  a strong france is absolutely vital , i still remember the days before the eu was talked about as though it was some german led operation . 
  one as in referring to the overall thing not the number of lions . 
  so , the guy seems to be right of centre but moderate , he 's addressing the problems that france faces and specifically those whose problems have often been marginalised ( i.e. 
  the constituency of support that just got the uk brexit and the us trump ) so i 'm wondering , from where i 'm sitting he looks like a middle of the road candidate , he 'll talk about the problems as he sees them and propose mature solutions , he 's the pressure valve the france ( and other western nations ) probably need . 
  am i missing something ? 
  he seems like exactly what france needs in the face of a le pen ascendancy . 
  that 's official uk government policy right now , that we 're going to get a unique deal because the uk is unique . 
  there 's also the one used in [ scotland ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f7/royal_coat_of_arms_of_the_united_kingdom_%28scotland%29.svg/620px-royal_coat_of_arms_of_the_united_kingdom_%28scotland%29.svg.png ), 
  it 's clearly a sunflower . 
  yes . 
  the guy does n't give a shit about the plight of africa beyond the political capital it can give him . 
  not any more but compared to historical numbers as bad as they are , islamic terrorism is nothing compared to recent decades https://infographic.statista.com/normal/chartoftheday_4093_people_killed_by_terrorist_attacks_in_western_europe_since_1970_n.jpg, 
   i thought people would 've welcomed the additional tourism but its definitely not worth it , apparently . 
  piss in any direction in scotland and it 'll land on a golf course , there 's nothing another one adds that the rest before it did n't . 
  well that 's what i 'm saying , there are people who take any sexual activity with someone who 's drunk as automatically counting as rape regardless of their consent . 
  without clarity on the meaning of drunk then yeah i 'm going to consider what it might mean . 
  the only one of those i might agree with and due to ambiguity of the question is the drink or drugs thing , like if someone consents while under the influence but later regrets it and withdraws their consent after the fact . 
  mostly in fact because i do n't consider that to be rape ( so long as it 's not in the predatory looking for clearly intoxicated people sort of way ) . 
  but if it 's saying just by being drunk or otherwise non-sober then fuck sake . 
  also looking at the chart in the linked source , 7 % of people in the eu think flirting , having several sexual partners or walking alone at night is justification for rape . 
  wtf . 
  also : hate mail, 
  not so beautiful when you realise he was saying muslim rape gangs and was absolutely correct ... 
  i mean he ca n't string a sentence together but on that he was right and the authorities * were * covering it up . 
   its only since 1999 with the creation of devolved parliaments that anyone has suggested otherwise you are either a massive troll or horrendously misinformed and to be quite honest i do n't care which . 
   the uk is n't a union of country 's best start letting everyone know that . 
  that is a british nationalists wet dream but unfortunately for you most people in every home nation identify with their country first and the union second if at all . 
  the uk is a union of countries , it 's just that the central government has overstepped the mark . 
  with the low identification with the european identity this is actually pretty far from jingoism . 
  well yes , that 's exactly the point of my comment . 
  the uk is `` do n't put all of your eggs into one basket '' personified . 
   scotland said if we do n't get the currency then we 'll default . 
  they said if we 're not going to get a fair share of assets then why in the hell would we take on a fair share of the debt to finance them . 
  the talk about walking away with a blank slate came after similar threats from down south , though i get that down south it was probably presented as sunshine & roses vs scottish nats . 
  they do that in england , it 's called scraps . 
  in the western world it 's just handled in a classier way , in the uk at least . 
  politicians & civil servants do n't take brown envelopes and embezzle ( well sometimes they do but not always ) they do what is asked of them then when they leave the political world they get big payouts for little work ( speeches ) or cushy jobs . 
  they get paid back but it 's entirely off the books until they leave . 
  i prefer haggis pakora myself . 
  freedom of movement is more than the ability to travel , most if not all of the eu will have visa free travel anyway . 
  fom is n't about people being allowed to go places , it 's about being allowed to stay . 
  the benefits of freedom of movement is that you can legally settle and be treated like any other citizen , what you are talking about is illegal immigration which would have none of the same perks . 
  it cuts down massively on duplication , fox 's concern is a united europe with the uk on the outside looking in . 
  there 's actually nothing childish about what 's being done , just the british press 's reporting on it makes it look childish . 
  an unexpected leader of the us gets elected who has signaled throughout his campaign that everything from international trade to defence will be changing under him . 
  it 's prudent for foreign ministers to meet to discuss their respective predicament and how to tackle them as a result . 
  i 'm talking about the public scorning , i 'm aware the eu foreign ministers probably viewed it as an impromptu opportunity to discuss brexit positions . 
  in attempting to court the man-child , i hope they do n't lose sight of the fact they 're already on thin ice with the eu and it 's best not to antagonise even if it 's to score points with said man-child . 
  a few hot days , lots of rain . 
  i 'd probably be totally unaware there was a heatwave happening across europe if i did n't have reddit . 
  the lincoln memorial really gives you some perspective on how we have shrunk . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not fan of brexit but it 's what a majority of those who could be bothered to vote wanted . 
  democracy should n't run with inbuilt biases in favour of the status quo above and beyond the inherit bias it already benefits from as a result of being in the status quo . 
  in a democracy , if you are having a referendum , you publicise it , then those who care enough about the outcome will turn out and vote for what they want . 
  people say this , and there is split opinion on which it is , but as an ordinary member of the public i just accept i have no idea but think ian hislop has probably got it right :  people always ask me the same question , they say , ` is boris a very very clever man pretending to be an idiot ? ', 
  and i always say , ` no . ', 
  i just never find this guy remotely funny, 
  thought this would be worthy of discussion , no article yet as far as i 'm aware but much as the mail is n't to be trusted , they are a bellweather to indicate how utterly the tide has turned against may which means she 's not going to be around for too long . 
  it 's not just non-english speaking and sometimes not even ( wholly ) different countries . 
  the last few years i have really noticed a complete disconnect of understanding from english media when it reports on scotland . 
  i think it 's probably the case that any media reporting from outside that place without first hand knowledge is n't going to be all that knowledgeable . 
  except they do seem to be pulling it out of the bag . 
  especially compared to the tories who seem to be one step off putting on a trench coat and twirling a moustache . 
  parliament has been dissolved , there are no mp 's anymore to back her . 
  it 's past the point of no return now . 
  it 's ( one of ? ), 
  the highest circulation print media in the uk and the most read english language newspaper site in the world . 
  the daily mail represents a significant chunk of opinion forming in the uk sadly . 
  why should / r/europe be discussing the nhs anyway ? 
  that 's what efta is for . 
   but while the snp have westminster by the balls it just ca n't happen . 
  the snp ran in 2015 on a platform of bringing full fiscal autonomy to scotland , in other words we raise what we spend here and send a cheque to london to pay for reserved services , this means no more barnett formula . 
  they won 50 % of the vote and nearly every seat . 
  the uk government roundly rejected it and insisted that the barnett formula was to stay . 
  because the thing is , when you actually get down to it , the barnett formula is n't about gifting wales , scotland and northern ireland a generous lump of money to spend . 
  it 's about making sure there is reliance . 
  i know for a fact that is n't true , the uk for the last 5 or so decades has been structured on the basis of london and the south east of england prospering while everywhere else suffers serious neglect to fuel that prosperity . 
  i know full well where this sort of government leads , maybe it 's good for your part of the world but it definitely wont be for mine . 
  why should he or anyone else throw their support behind someone they have no respect for and see as the weak little demagogue they are ?
