  while i and many others are very happy to be members of the eu and i can speak only for myself but know i 'm not alone when i say i fully believe in the political goal of the eu to unite europe regardless of what form that unity takes , it just is n't practical to be a full member state of the eu with the rest of the uk outside of it * for the time being anyway * . 
  with the uk leaving near enough all european institutions an independent scotland would need far more flexibility in making arrangements than the eu allows . 
  efta pretty much fits the bill imo , it allows us to integrate with the rest of europe but not so much as to isolate us from the uk . 
  regardless of the pragmatic merits of efta membership for scotland over eu membership , it ca n't really be denied that to most this would be quite bittersweet , in a perfect world we 'd be eu members but we do n't live in that world yet . 
  also to pre-empt questions of where support for independence stands , it is pretty much the same figures ( 45/55 ) as on referendum day but that said , brexit did have a very real effect , most pollsters have acknowledged that there was a switch of about 12 % from each side to the other which balanced out , so basically about 1/3 of both the current support and opposition were on the different side of the fence before brexit . 
  overall most people are taking the wait and see stance . 
  article text : the snp is close to ditching one of its longest-held principles for scottish independence -- full membership of the european union , the times has learnt . 
  senior party figures want to adopt a norway-style model under which an independent scotland would stay inside the single market , but outside the eu , after brexit , according to sources . 
  they believe that this would allow scotland to retain the benefits of the european single market while continuing to trade within the uk as it does now . 
  a poll published yesterday found that more than a third of people who voted for an independent scotland in the 2014 referendum want to stay outside the eu . 
  snp strategists believe that this new approach would keep these voters behind their independence cause . 
  the policy was announced as nicola sturgeon , scotland 's first minister , warned theresa may before today 's meeting of the joint ministerial committee in cardiff that `` time is fast running out '' for westminster to take heed of scotland 's wishes over brexit . 
  the prime minister has made it clear that the devolved administrations would not be given a decisive role in the divorce from the eu . 
  she also highlighted how the supreme court ruling on triggering article 50 had set out `` beyond doubt '' that relations with brussels would be determined by the uk government . 
  ms sturgeon , who wants scotland to remain in the single market even if the uk leaves , said that the westminster government was showing `` no sign whatsoever '' of taking scotland 's position `` remotely seriously '' . 
  it was the brexit result which had prompted the snp 's drive for a second referendum on independence . 
  ms sturgeon vowed to hold a fresh vote if scotland 's place in the single market was not guaranteed . 
  the norway-style model was set out in the document on brexit published by the party , scotland 's place in europe , but it was assumed to be relevant only in the context of a devolved scotland . 
  however , senior snp figures now believe that the party should use this model in its campaign for in a fresh independence referendum . 
  it is understood that the plan has been discussed at the highest levels of the party , is now under active consideration and is likely to be adopted as party policy this year . 
  under the new strategy , if scots voted for independence , this would result in the country being in the european free trade area and part of the european economic area , but outside the eu -- the same as norway . 
  scotland would have to pay the eu for this privilege and allow free movement of people from the eu . 
  it would also mean that scotland would not have a say on eu rules . 
  however , this option would give scotland control over fishing and would enable the country to be `` semi-detached '' from europe and the uk . 
  crucially , this option would also leave scotland and the uk outside the eu customs union and it is this that snp managers believe would allow an open border for trade between scotland and the rest of the uk . 
  a senior snp source said that this option would represent the `` best of both worlds '' and would counter unionist arguments that the snp was prepared to throw away its biggest market -- the uk -- in favour of its second biggest market , the eu . 
  the source added that scotland could become a full eu member at a later date . 
  a senior snp source said that this option would represent the `` best of both worlds '' and would counter unionist arguments that the snp was prepared to throw away its biggest market -- the uk -- in favour of its second biggest market , the eu . 
  the source added that scotland could become a full eu member at a later date . 
  losing to macron at 30 points still puts her at 35 % support , even if she loses at that , and that is the best case scenario of these polls , we 're looking at the last days of the eu if something does n't give . 
  yeah i mean , if independence was defined by identity only then the scottish independence referendum would have won with a near super-majority the first time , it 's never as simple as identity imo . 
  does this say much about peoples views of independence itself ? 
  there are people in scotland who think of themselves as british but support independence because the british identity is not linked to the political institution to them , is it possible that there is a similar thing in catalonia/spain . 
  it 's the sunday sport , it is n't real , just funny . 
  [ exhibit 2 ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpsptptwiaa-v_i.jpg ), 
  it is , but the reason for it is that it is a big ticket item so they gouge people on that because everyone that goes to scotland ends up there whereas they have a ton of other properties they have to upkeep which do n't get as big a look in , the fee for edinburgh castle essentially keeps the rest going too . 
  no , a rant * about * the uk leaving the eu is a very different statement to a rant * against * the uk leaving the eu . 
  it is a neutral statement just saying that he ranted on that subject but the other subjects would give the impression that it was very much an anti-eu rant . 
  [ nah , this ] ( http://burstbawpodcast.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/img_0603.jpg ) ( supercalifragilisticexpialidocious if anyones wondering ) edit : also should mention celtic and caley are football teams , caley being short for caledonian thistle . 
  wanting to be a world leader when the uk is pretty much a regional power . 
  that 's what this is , harking back to empire , the days when britain could hold its own anywhere in the world . 
  of course our past is connected to our future but there 's a difference between recognising that and an incessant need to have the future look like the past . 
  just look at the us and uk leaderships attitude to the eu , the days where european nations ( and the us ) had an insurmountable edge on the rest of the world are over , but the us and uk are hoping for the downfall of the eu thinking a divided europe will be easier to bargain with , ignoring that in the meantime the rest of the world has caught up and a fragmented europe only means britain is one of many pickings to be had and the us will have lost the place where its hegemonic influence is strongest . 
  and people said it was n't about harking back to empire . 
  that 's all brexit and trump is really , people can dress it up how they like but at its heart it is just people voting to go back to a time that their country and by extension they , were on top of the world . 
  they 're great for holding out when your civilisation is getting overrun . 
  no , seeing the uk as a union of nations is actually the mainstream view in scotland . 
  the idea that we 're not is the fringe position . 
   if you look at the current membership , i ca n't see a single plausible scenario where a current member is protected from war because of the eu . 
  that 's the true beauty of the eu , it took a war torn continent and united it so well that it is quite literally unimaginable we could go to war with each other again . 
  our grandparents killed each other on fields across the continent but the eu as made it so unthinkable that such a thing could happen between eu nations . 
  lots of people imo very ignorantly , proclaim that this is pure coincidence , that it is just the way things would have worked out anyway but it is n't , from the start the ecsc made preventing a war through integration its mission and sadly it has completed its mission so well that it is now seen as redundant for that purpose . 
  because the alternative of trying to develop our own means great expense and probably the loss of the uk 's seat as a permanent member of the unsc which just would n't sit right with the large section of jingoistic types at all . 
  so you guys just invented warp drive huh ? 
   i think the fact that she avoided the tv studios and just put out a press release eh ... this is from tv interview she had on the beeb . 
  earliest of 2019 , they do have the mandate to do it this parliament but they might wait to wind a new one in 2021, 
   we 're talking about a substantially larger difference of opinion than either the us election or eu referendum : they were both close calls , while the first scottish referendum was n't ( the difference was 10.6 % ) and the polls have n't narrowed at all polls since brexit have shown about a 12 point switching of sides in both directions balancing out . 
  so there 's about 12 % of people who now say they 'd vote yes when they would n't have before and vice versa . 
  brexit has n't cause the massive landslide , in one direction , more a landslip in two . 
  thing is though , it has definetly loosened the position up again ... be as confident as you like about what polls are saying about a result that is at least 2 years off but just do n't fool yourself into banking on it . 
  buildings probably affect it far more considering surface area and that they 're everywhere . 
  the vote was against globalism where we 're dealing with equals or up and comers , essentially where taking advantage goes both ways . 
  it 's a global outlook that sees that there 's still a lot of poor countries in the world and asks why ca n't we base our outlook on still being the rich guy trading with those who are n't . 
  also a touch of colonial loyalism where the idea that the anglosphere will flock to the uk 's ports as though the only thing thats been holding them back has been the eu . 
  the uk went from a world empire to n archipelago in half a century and unfortunately the british political class never took the time to explain that . 
  honestly no , their political detractors like to paint them as though they 'd like to see the uk fall down a hole if it meant scotland could climb back out of it but it 's just chip on the shoulder nonsense . 
  it 's not what the snp want , but it 'll probably help them all the same . 
   no , scotland clearly asked for a referendum . 
  the snp had a manifesto commitment for a referendum . 
  the initial proposal was for a 3 option thing , status quo , devo max/some variation or independence . 
  devo max was the surefire winner on that , from the outset it would have won a super-majority without breaking a sweat , cameron decided to avoid this gambling that he could remove the threat of independence without even having to give scotland any powers to do so . 
  his gamble paid off , sort of anyway , they ended up making the fact that scotland would get much more power an integral part of their campaign , people who were n't really paying attention to the campaign but who have strong opinions are under the impression that this only happened in the closing stages in the vow but the reality is it was one of their central planks , voting no was n't voting for no change . 
  on the face of it cameron gambled well the promises of more power were backpedalled on to a ridiculous excuse for an answer to the clear public appetite for change , tbh though , i 'd say the jurys still out considering had he went for the initial option the result would have been something like 20 % wanting independence vs 80 % wanting the union of one flavour or another . 
  everyones searching for their own nationality . 
  the swedes search for swedish , the poles search for polish and the dutch search for dykes . 
  yeah , much as people ignore it , there is a big difference between at this point not even having started negotiations nor planning to for another couple months compared to the stated aim that would have put us a quarter of the way through it already . 
  pre 2014 it was the opposite , what goes around comes around . 
  scotland : boys | rank | girls -- | -- | ----- jack | 1 | olivia james | 2 | emily oliver | 3 | sophie lewis | 4 | isla logan | 5 | ava harry | 6 | amelia noah | 7 | jessica leo | 8 | ella charlie | 9 | lucy alexander | 10 | charlotte, 
  either they 're lying or they were talking about shetland and you have made a mistake http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/files/2013/04/218.png, 
  well how would you propose running it ? 
  from what i can gather the side effects of what you 'd want is people who had n't set foot in catalonia in decades and never intended to again could vote just because they were born there where someone who 'd moved there and was making a life for themselves and intended to stay forever could not . 
  i doubt that but even then , the argument that we should stay in the uk which is the embodiment of a leave voters nightmare so that we do n't join the eu on the off-chance that it turns out like that just makes zero sense . 
   does n't joining the efta undermine the main argument for scottish independence , that scotland should be sovereign and have control of its own laws ? 
  this is a very skin deep reading of the argument , most of us are fine and accept the need for international cooperation and pooling of sovereignty , the eu represents a far less intrusive form of that than the uk does , in the short term i accept the trade off of having little to no say but in the medium term i would be wanting moves toward eu membership in our own right and representation . 
  so yeah it 's no ideal , nothing about brexit is ideal , but it 's liveable . 
  but as to this :  for less sovereignty lets be very clear about this , scotland has no sovereignty at the moment , our national parliament only exists on the goodwill of westminster , even with no say in the areas the eu has responsibility for we would have magnitudes more power than we do currently by definition . 
   catalans living outside catalonia were not allowed to vote and immigrants to catalonia were allowed to vote people living in catalonia were allowed to vote while those who were n't were n't . 
  that sounds like the best way to run a vote . 
  david cameron announced in 2013 he 'd do that if he got a majority government , most people expected no such thing to happen , so in 2015 when he found himself with a surprise majority all of a sudden it was going to happen and instead of launching a slow burn campaign he decided that the campaign should only be a few months long . 
  the comparison you 're making is like if i went back to 2008 and found a quote from salmond about how if they got a majority pro-independence in parliament that they 'd hold a referendum to say they 'd been planning it for over half a decade . 
  unless the uk opts to stay in the single market which i sincerely doubt then actual eu membership in the short term is pretty much a non-starter , our trade would take a serious hit from that , instead i would prefer we aim to join the efta in the interim , being part of the single market while being able to have a separate trade relationship with the rest of the uk . 
  so i 'd say we should keep joining the eu as a full member as an open question until such time as it makes sense economically to do so and remain in the efta until that time , that is pretty much one of the stated purposes of the efta afterall , to act as a sort of halfway house . 
  there 's never going to be a quick referendum , this has been said time and again . 
  the david cameron idea of announcing , campaigning and holding it in the space of a handful of months has never been the snp 's approach . 
  the first referendum became a certainty in 2011 , formalised & begun campaigning in 2012 with the actual referendum being in late 2014 . 
  the next one and it 's next to certain there will be another one will in all likelihood be mid 2020 . 
  we 'll be out of the eu by then but the fact is there was no way we were ever going to be grandfathered in in the way they hoped and i think they knew that in their heart of hearts . 
  in terms of the eu , if this were to happen , spain would be demanding that treatment toward catalonia should n't change , so no independent eu membership but at the same time the spanish government would be insisting catalonia by still being a full part of spain would still be a full part of the eu . 
  so basically if and until the spanish government decided to sit down and talk then not much would change in terms of eu membership for the catalans . 
  the very suggestion of a thought of a threat of that should get them rubber stamping all deportations from europe then surely ?
