   though it wad probably always like that i sometimes wonder how many massive political stories of the past 100 years were exaggerations or fabrications . 
  he was n't talking about his personal distrust ffs , he was saying the reason the echr was so important was that it was effectively a neutral 3rd party that one side of the gfa could put their trust in . 
  what are you expecting , that the british government is just going to pull the rug from the gfa and everything will stay right where it is ? 
  [ art 8 basically ended the british version of do n't ask do n't tell in 2000 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smith_and_grady_v_united_kingdom ) but then there 's a lot of bendy banana style myths peddled about people with cats not being able to be deported so everyone 's fine with throwing away their rights . 
  so it 's all the same except now it 's british courts that have the final say in what is and is n't a human rights violation and the british parliament which has the ability to amend or remove at will . 
  what about that do you not see as flying in the face of what the person above just told you about distrusting britain on this matter ? 
  do you think authoritarian regimes are geographically locked ? 
  that that sort of stuff simply ca n't happen here ? 
  no , it 's because the mans ignorance does n't seem to stem from a lack of intelligence . 
  england and wales report as one . 
  this is from 2012 though when it was 1.7 , we 've seen a gradual decrease in the last number of years , it spike in 2005 at 2.7 . 
  edit : decrease not increase, 
  jamp is apparently a scottish word . 
  i find the mans ignorance more annoying than the womans . 
  i saw a bandwagon forming so jamp right on it . 
  colour | population ( 2014 estimate ) ------ | -------------------------- yellow | 1,093,730 blue | 1,072,791 green | 1,035,850 red | 1,093,990 orange | 1,052,490 merry christmas everyone !, 
  not all , just enough . 
  personally i see opposition to this sort of thing as stemming from other people being opposed , i really do n't get what 's so wrong with these sorts of systems . 
  thanks to face recognition tech he could very easily have had his movements followed even after realising they 'd got the wrong man . 
  you have to recognise that you do n't actually know what the big issues of the campaign were , you did n't experience it , i remember at the time you thought the result was going to be a 65/35 split . 
  you have to accept that your perceptions are formed out of a very slanted view from 400 miles south . 
   british nationality that 's projection , you 're letting your personal biases seep in there . 
  that is an hilariously bad idea of good politicking . 
  all of them ... 
  where he 'll no doubt ruin many more young boys lifes . 
  welp , time to commit a crime in austria apparently . 
  the uk was turkeys biggest champion and it 's actually obvious why when you think about it , it 's the same reason the uk was so in favour of expanison in the early 00 's . 
  the larger and more dissimilar eu members are the less likely they are to want to integrate on a political level in effect making the eu too cumbersome of a political alliance to ever amount to much more than a trading bloc . 
  it makes the future situation worse relative to current comparable economies . 
  everyone 's saying gulf stream as though this is the usual . 
  we never get as low as that kind of temperature , -27 is the lowest * ever * that said though , it is unseasonably warm right now , it 's about 10 ^ ^ o here right now and i 've only had a few days of frost so far rather than a few months , normally by now it should be around freezing . 
  so yeah the gulf stream keeps us warmer than we should be but it 's not normally this warm this time of year . 
  east of scotland would agree there ( generalising ), 
  they 're saying it wrong then . 
  and to throw in another pronunciation of scone , there 's a place called scone in scotland with a great deal of historical significance since it pretty much used to be the scottish capital and where kings were crowned . 
  it 's pronounced like scoon . 
  rejected by 63 % , that means there 's a 24 % difference . 
  scottish politics does n't get much of a look in down south and the usual suspects , the daily mail , sun etc , paint them as being contemptible fools . 
  basically the popular perception of them in the rest of the uk is very inaccurate but it 's all they 've got to work off so they and the rest of the snp are viewed quite unfairly when the worst you can really say about them is they 're a centrist party who on the issue of independence do n't equivocate . 
  much of the dislike stems from british nationalist feeling and misinformation . 
  you think it 's a genetic trait ? 
  the same is true of a bridge ... 
  i genuinely do n't understand it , the new forth crossing will cost about # 1.3 bn when complete ( a rare occasion when a massive project has actually come in under budget and by a substantial sum ) so anyway , hs2 is 140 miles , the qc is 1.7 miles , ignoring the obvious reasons this would n't happen , you could have one massive 140 mile long fuck off bridge built for about double the price that hs2 is going to cost at current estimates ( which are sure to rise again ) it really does not compute for me how hs2 can be that expensive . 
  it 's actually awful , that 's just income , does n't include personal wealth which is even worse . 
  the disparity shown in that map is huge , i think we 're all just so accustomed to the idea that that 's how things are that it does n't really register as being as bad as it is . 
  war . 
  dave and matteo look like a nice wee couple there . 
  can we please draw a very distinct line between paedophiles and homosexuality , nobody would refer to a male paedophile with a female victim or vice versa as being straight . 
  yes , just like i can eat strawberry ice cream without actually liking strawberry ice cream . 
  no , just like if i fuck a woman i 'm still gay . 
  i 'm gay , i can marry a woman , fuck her nightly , have a nice wee nuclear family going and die at 90 having never fucked another man and i 'll still have been gay that entire time . 
  it 's not successful if all it does is shame people into marrying someone . 
  that 's a great way of doing subreddit surveys , how do you set one of those up ? 
  it 's well known that converts on the whole are a lot more zealous than those born into things . 
  applies to anything really . 
  in terms of population it 's still about 1/3rd but in terms of geographic reach there 's not question . 
  here 's a difference though it 's not entirely down to the common law/civil law difference , in scotland there are 3 potential outcomes of a trial , you can be found guilty , not guilty or not proven with not proven meaning it 's heavily suspected you did it but there is n't complete proof of that . 
  i 'm actually quoting what you just posted here . 
   the second and current civil code was established on the 25 november 1966 , entering in force on the 1 june 1967 . 
  it is referred as the `` civil code of 1966 '' or as the `` vaz serra 's code '' in honor to adriano vaz serra , who presided the commission that created it . 
  ** this new code followed the model of the german civil code ** ( b\u00fcrgerliches gesetzbuch ) and was the culmination of the successive transformations of the previous code of 1867 that ** made it to move away from the napoleonic model and approach the germanistic model of civil law . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_law_ ( legal_system ) cheers . 
  mixed includes only those who are a mix of local plus one or the other , not a mixture of napoleonic and german though i see where you are coming from , there is some french influence in this swiss code but the major influence is german . 
  pretty much all of europe operates under civil law based on statutes which can be referenced where the uk ( excluding scotland ) and ireland operate under common law which is based on court judgements and precedence . 
  cyprus was n't included in this map but it along with scotland are hybrid systems . 
  [ civil vs common ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/0a04934efaf0ed4e60fcac0bab7ab91f.png ), 
  of course it 's higher measured in pounds , the value of the pound fell significantly making it far cheaper for foreign investors to invest in britain meaning of course there would be a resulting increase . 
  http://markets.ft.com/data/indices/tearsheet/summary?s=ukxusd%2b:fsi it 's a bit different since the ftse 100 is still below pre referendum levels . 
  stupidity is nothing to do with it . 
  there are rewards for letting the private sector take bigger chunks of national infrastructure , they 're just not benefits for the masses . 
  that said , is there serious pushes against the eu in italy ? 
  no they should n't , they never have done before , they 'll be briefed on who 's who and what 's what in any given situation . 
  they 're not there to act as walking encyclopedias of who their counterparts are , they 're there to interact with them when the time comes to do so . 
  everyone knew it would happen but it was always strenuously denied . 
  in terms of readership it was nowhere near close . 
  gotcha `` journalism '' needs to die . 
  thank you ( and / u/signor _ rana ) well that 's very good to hear i 've got to say , it 's annoying how horribly the media hear presents things but if the way you have both described it is in anyway accurate then that 's great . 
  i 'm woefully ill-informed about this referendum but the general impression i get from out media is that this is a proxy vote on the eu and that a no will signal basically a repeat brexit just a little dialled back . 
  is that the case ? 
  i 'm sure there were legitimate reasons for voting for hofer and i do n't wish to marginalise that but i 'm just so happy that there 's finally a vote gone the pro-eu way . 
  thank you austria !, 
  do you know what , even if that were true about them not using the powers that they do have ( and if people are being honest they know that 's nonsense ) , so what ? 
  does the uk government have to justify using powers in order to have the possibility of using them ? 
  why is it that the scottish government has to debate with itself on an issue , come to agreement that it would like to take action and then beg to be allowed to ? 
  in what way is that acceptable that we have an eternal veto in place where in effect the representatives of england wales and northern ireland must be convinced of any approach the scottish government would like to take before they will be allowed to do so ? 
  the scottish shambles was the opposition , the tories , painting the idea of chinese investment as hellish . 
  that 's what the scottish shambles was , the opposition forgetting that their grievance-mongering did n't exist in a vacuum . 
  as for scot-rail , better , but the power to bring it into public hands was devolved only after the latest contract awarding , by 2020 i suspect abellio will be gone and some public company will be calling the shots . 
  the funny thing to me when it comes to the snp government is how in one breath people will insist that they do n't use their powers and then in another list the things that they think they 've done wrong when using their powers . 
  exactly , the hatred that is so present ( the ge was a real eye opener for me ) is justified off a nonsense assertion that it 's ok because the same happens in scotland . 
  perhaps it once did , and i do n't deny that , but what became taboo in scotland became a vote winner in england . 
  the snp tried in vein to make things work better , we were voted down at every turn , the scotland bill if you 're wondering . 
  it 's kinda hard to when the widespread opinion of your nation seems to be that we 're all subsidy junkies . 
   anything built has been built together . 
  i think if that attitude was a little more common there 'd be less support for independence . 
  nah nowhere near as bombastic , in fact quite the opposite , the independence referendum was credited with reviving town hall debates , for about two years you could be guaranteed that somewhere in the country on a given day there 'd be a town-hall having a debate on the issue . 
  sometimes they were a little too one sided ( in both directions ) depending on the demographics of who turned up but they were happening , and that had n't happened in a long time . 
  i do n't deny that the ruk will inevitably be scotlands biggest trading partner and i do n't even deny that it could be much higher than the figure you quoted , but the idea that that somehow would come to an end in the event of independence is nonsense . 
  you mention produce in supermarkets , well there 's a reason there 's a lot of it from scotland , we 're a big country with a little population , the place is filled with livestock .
