  little disingenuous dont you think ? 
  they were government forecasts in line with all major forecasting at the time . 
   the eu risks were clear at the time . 
  salmond even bought them up in his debates . 
  yup he brought them up and he was rubbished for it for basically peddling a conspiracy theory at that point . 
  back then it looked like the tories would never achieve a majority so there would n't be a referendum even on the cards and even if somehow there were everyone was absolutely certain that the uk would vote to remain . 
  i distinctly remember at the time thinking that salmond had went too far with such an unlikely scenario . 
  but you guys are building it , you do n't have these things yet but the path is being laid out , the eu is decades in the making . 
  are you kidding ? 
  that would be gutting . 
  just one look and i can hear a bell ring, 
  do n't be , immature egotistic politicians are hardly confined to poland , fwiw i 'm looking at this judging the politicians , not the country . 
  latin america has actually made rapid progress in emulating the achievements of the eu , they saw what the eu was doing realised the massive benefits and have went full tilt with it themselves . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_south_american_nations it 's actually a shame in my view that south america has seen the tremendous benefits of the eu from the outside looking in when so many in on the ground floor ca n't see them . 
  yeah but it 's wider than that , if you order anything from china it comes classed as a gift . 
  smartphones get shipped as gifts to avoid or pay minimal tariffs . 
  grandgore comes from french which just backs up your theory . 
   society was always geared that way , but it was never the biggest problem . 
  my entire point was that society was never geared that way , it was geared in a way that men had their defined roles and women theirs , feminism has sought to end the idea that a woman can only exist in her defined role while neglecting or even enforcing the idea that men have theirs . 
  feminism is fighting on the flawed idea that society was and still is entirely geared in a way that men can do anything they like and women ca n't . 
  it 's not and was n't , men are just as constrained by gender roles as women but feminism as an ideology only recognises the womens disadvantage . 
  we 've made a lot of progress in recent years but it has been entirely one sided imo , it is now perfectly socially acceptable for a woman to work instead of stay home with the kids , quite right too , but for a man to decide to stay at home with the kids , instant questioning of their masculinity begins , that 's one example , i 'm not against feminism but to me it 's a bit like if america in fighting the 2nd world war just plum forgot all about the pacific theatre , at the moment feminism is one front of a two front fight that has advanced so far with the other front where men are freed from their constraints entirely neglected or not even recognised as something needing to be done . 
  and what happens if the country ignores a ruling ? 
  that looks like quite a bad fit tbh . 
  i thought that was a mandatory part of being a taxi driver !, 
  the equivalent would be the pot calling the kettle black, 
  the snp have been a pro eu party for decades , as a party there 's an actual belief in the project believe it or not , not everything in scottish politics revolves around england, 
  here base is named `` den '' and what you called `` pax '' was called `` keysies '' except it was anywhere not just outside den and the kids that did that were the same ones who took their ball home when they were losing a game of football, 
  the uk with a monarchy , house of lords including representatives for englands state religion , a first past the post system dissuading alternate political parties and having governments elected on about 1/3rd of the vote is a full democracy ? 
  i 'm not saying it is n't a democracy but it deserves to be in the flawed democracy category . 
  the future of europe is hanging in the balance right now , everyone knows if france goes , and electing lepen is a big step in that direction , then it 's all over . 
  this will be a defining election in choosing whether europe is a strong united bloc or a bunch of small squabbling countries that can be picked off on an \u00e0 la carte basis by the bigger players in the years to come . 
  depends if you are a first world country where all those kids can be provided for or a third world country where they ca n't . 
  [ get with the programme ] ( http://www.cam.ac.uk/sites/www.cam.ac.uk/files/scone_rhyme_with_gone.jpg ), 
  i feel like you 've misunderstood the swap . 
  well yeah , the immigration balances the emigration , there 's a reason you always hear the scottish government say our problem is emigration not immigration , because it 's true , about 750,000 scots moved from scotland to england while only about 450,000 went the other way . 
  the scary thing is it 's usually a result of a tory government that our population declines and we have the triple whammy of that , brexit ( reducing our sources of immigration ) and an oil crash all of which have the potential to once again depopulate us . 
  water will be the new gold in the coming decades , you sure about trading the weather ? 
  as for liechtenstein , see if you can arrange a swap with the isle of man but that 's between them . 
  our population is ridiculously stagnant , since 1940 we 've went from 5 million to 5.4 and .35 of that is in the last 15 years . 
  it 's actually scone as in spoon ( scoon ) for the stone of scone but otherwise scone is obviously as in gone . 
  spain ? 
  portugal surely . 
  scotland is a net exporter so it would actually make it a little worse . 
  independence hurts scotland in the short term helps in the long term . 
  it 's a tradeoff , we can stay part of the uk and have our economy slowly go down the drain as is the uk model or leave it and take the initial beating that will ensue but be able to do something about it . 
  you have no idea how infuriating it was hearing during the eu ref that it was nato that stopped wars in europe . 
  same grounding idea though , integrate the economies of europe so tightly that war is so unthinkable . 
   do you even have your own health service ? 
  it has always been a separately run service in scotland . 
   post service ? 
  uk does n't have one anymore either . 
   independent budget that you have full ownership of ? 
  no , that wo n't ever happen with devolution . 
  i mean i get where you are coming from but a lot of this is pointing out that as a non-independent country we do n't have the separate institutions of an independent country ... of course we do n't , those will be set up if we vote yes . 
  even then , 30 % last year , that 's not even a third of people . 
  right but is n't northern irelands political situation the cause of its relative backwardsness on these sorts of issues rather than attitudes themselves ? 
  as in , is n't it fairly well recognised that the general public in ni are actually fine with a lot of stuff like this but due to the way the assembly works , especially the petitions of concern that mean the dup can veto equal marriage on their own despite it having wide ranging support ( same for other things too ) every country has their religious crackpots but it 's a bit unfair to judge ni on theirs when theirs have vetoes over policy they do n't like . 
  westminster was n't the one doing the organising . 
  that is exactly what i said ? 
  is there an echo in here ? 
  the most recent poll has support for a second referendum at 50 % for within 2 years . 
   why invent a new currency when one exists ? 
  to actually join the euro you need to run your own currency first , make it meet the ermii criteria . 
  so it 's actually the case that whether we 're going to join the euro at somepoint in the future or not , we need to create our own currency to begin with . 
  haha , yeah , `` discussed '' and a sewel motion is not a veto in any way shape or form . 
  legal - 0 political , questionable , in reality noone outside of scotland will give it a second thought and plenty in scotland will do the same dependant on their political leanings . 
  do n't forget when talking about scotland , westminster holds the authority to abolish our parliament and put us under the governance of a cabinet minister like it was before devolution without anything constitutionally standing in their way . 
  the high court ruled that the lcm was a political not a legal matter therefore without their remit to rule on . 
  it did n't say that it was fine to ignore holyrood , far from it . 
  ( though to be fair that is the misleading spin that has been put on it ), 
  and the fact that brexit is resulting in widespread changes to devolved competencies , the rules governing the operation of the scottish parliament and even the very foundation of how power is to be devolved to the scottish parliament itself . 
  oh sure that 's all the case and is precisely the sort of stuff lcm 's are there for but westminster and brexiteers are on a power trip so shut up scots !, 
  no sorry this is not what happened at all . 
  the supreme court ruled that the use of a lcm was a * political * matter not a * legal * one and that they therefore had no ability to rule on whether or not westminster ought to seek legislative consent . 
  holyrood is perfectly within its rights to withhold consent , this will not as a veto or anything like that which has also been frequently misreported ( basically if you 're reading in the uk press anything about the scottish parliament you 're probably being misled ) , but it is perfectly within the remit of the scottish parliament to withhold their consent for something that is going to so fundamentally change the very foundations of scottish devolution , not least the principle that all things not expressly reserved are devolved . 
  geographically , the entire claim to the north sea is based on geographic extent of countries , it 'd be a bit like debating who owns glasgow if scotland goes independent . 
   but support for another referendum is low . . 
  i mean i would n't call 50 % support for one in the next 2 years low either . 
  you 're entirely correct , it was based on the tories winning a majority which everyone at the time assumed was so unlikely , everyone was under the impression we were headed for another coalition . 
  this recently became a thing , #stopfundinghate lego pulled advertising , maybe others but it has since went out of fashion . 
   same way a wanted man from scotland would go to england . 
  but i do n't see you complaining about that . 
  trust me , give that a few years time , without the eu to shit on , the micks and the jocks are going to make one hell of a comeback . 
  quick ( and probably stupid ) question , i 've always wondered , do people in hot countries like spain or greece have to wear sunscreen all the time ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_sea_fixed_crossing it 's an idea that has been floated on and off . 
  they wont risk it , they know that if they try anything the right wing rags will come down on them like a ton of bricks and by 2020 they 'll be on their way out of the door . 
  america has a fair few protests of its own going on the now . 
  if only someone had told him it was open to the public !, 
  the difference between doing it to the eu and doing it to the devolved parliaments is that doing it to the eu is doing it against sovereign entities , break deals with them it will haunt you . 
  there are no areas of devolution where parliament ca n't make law . 
  devolution is power held by right of westminster being exercised by devolved bodies , they do n't hold those powers in their own rights only by westminsters say so . 
  they could vote to close our parliament tomorrow and revert to us being governed by the scotland office like pre-devolution days and there would be nothing we could do to stop it . 
  i 'm planning a goodbye but keep the door open tour . 
  what has may got to do with this ? 
  ignoring that this has been rebuked a hundred thousand times , i 'm going to go for this low hanging fruit . 
  according to this theory the following countries would have been vetoed by spain : slovenia , slovakia , lithuania , latvia , estonia , czechia & croatia to name only those who 've went independent in the last 30 years ( and even then i probably missed some ), 
  fwiw i do agree with that , but i think that an organisation like efta has its place there , not part of the eu but acting as a halfway house for prospective members . 
  that is how most of us would view efta membership if we got to that stage imo , it would n't be a permanent residence , just something we could use to get ourselves ready for full eu membership in the longer term . 
  imo , this makes sense , the proposition of an independent scotland as a fully fledged member of the eu has always been with the understanding that the rest of the uk was part of the eu .
