  french . 
  it 's beautiful , the way it sounds , the way it 's written . 
  i just wish it was n't such a pain to learn . 
  non-european : hindi . 
  it has a gentle , flowing , almost melodic sound to it . 
  you would seriously welcome hamas and their ilk ? 
  i think it 's too simplistic and outdated . 
  what kind of food do people cook and bring in ? 
  working people meaning anyone who has a job, 
  in the uk the # 3 meal deal is king . 
  supermarkets ( and some shops eg boots ) will have a deal where you get a prepackaged sandwich or salad , a drink and a snack eg fruit , crisps or chocolate for # 3 . 
  people tend to buy them then bring it back to the work canteen or office to eat . 
  there 's even a meal deal talk facebook page where you can critique other people 's meal deal choices and judge them as a human being - https://twitter.com/themealdealtalk twitter page with best-of 's personally i make my own food and bring it in because i like to eat a lot and it 's cheaper . 
  though we also have a subsidised work canteen which can be handy as it 's so cheap, 
  trinidad and tobago is a surprise, 
  whenever people have talked about a british national holiday in the past too many people get offended so it never gets anywhere i do n't see what 's so terrible about an english holiday . 
  i think all the patron saints days should be holidays across the uk . 
  i live near a big park so pretty green . 
  the city has quite a few parks all over the place . 
  how is it ridiculous ? 
  how is the uk regressing socially ? 
  ( and how were they ever ahead of the pack ? ), 
  why ? 
  what 's wrong with france ? 
  ok but could be a lot better, 
  what 's the deal with donegal then ? 
  why is it relevant this year ? 
  [ ch\u00e2teau de chenonceau ] ( http://iamaileen.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/loire-valley-france-chateaux-chenonceau.jpg ) was absolutely beautiful . 
  wanted to visit ever since i saw a photo when i was a kid . 
  and [ topkapi palace ] ( http://planetden.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/imperial-hall-of-harem-in-topkapi-palace-ayhan-altun.jpg ) is stunning ( but hard to find photos to do it justice ) . 
  i really loved istanbul . 
  did n't find out about dolmabah\u00e7e palace until i was on the bus out of town so if i ever go back i 'll make it there . 
  europe is a big place . 
  i find it hard to believe that you would have problems across the * entire * continent regardless of your mysterious cultural background so if you 're worried go to areas you think you will have least trouble in, 
  in the uk , teen pregnancy rates have fallen and new sti diagnoses are generally decreasing . 
  pretty much everyone carries a condom and ( at least in my circle ) people know to get tested fairly regularly . 
  ( i 've noticed that women tend to be more vigilant about getting tested than guys though ), 
  love green wing , so utterly batshit insane . 
  sue white is a legend, 
  birmingham . 
  central location , good transport links and might make the midlands slightly less neglected than it currently is . 
  nah make it cumbernauld and put the politicians in that weird building, 
   where does europe end ? 
  where the brown people start ( according to reddit anyway ^ hue ^ hue ^ hue ), 
  china it is !, 
  if they did a good job i tend to let them keep the change . 
  but i had a restyle once that took a while when it was quite busy and gave the guy an extra fiver . 
  in total it was still less than # 20 so not a lot for good service . 
  indian supermarkets for spices , herbs , sauces , snacks etc ( you can get things like fresh coriander and chilli in regular supermarkets but it 's cheaper and in bigger quantities in asian shops ) chinese supermarkets for specific ingredients like soy sauce , oyster sauce , fish sauce , mirin etc and of course noodles and shin cups - love shin cups !, 
  i do n't give a fuck, 
  st christopher 's inn are a great chain of hostels , the paris canal one was really nice, 
  loved it when i visited . 
  english speaking , amazing food , decent infrastructure . 
  and i 'd prob want to live in kl as it 's very cosmopolitan . 
  second choice is india and living in mumbai . 
  no i do n't consider it racist . 
  to be frank it looks more like you were overreacting and then decided to shriek `` racist '' at her . 
   almost everything you apply for within the uk asks for your ethnicity and sometimes it 's completely irrelevant . 
  they might ask but you do n't have to give it, 
  there were iron age settlements around and then the celtic tribe the corieltauvi held the area . 
  but you can probably say the city was founded by the romans in around 47ad as ratae corieltauvorum . 
  [ gunpowder plot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gunpowder_plot ) . 
  a catholic plot to assassinate king james i ( along with the entire government , aristocracy , bishops , much of the royal family ) by igniting dozens of barrels of gunpowder under the house of lords during the state opening of parliament . 
  if it worked princess elizabeth ( who was in the midlands at the time ) would become queen so no king charles and perhaps no cromwell or english civil war . 
  i do n't know about ` common ' - trying to get the house to yourself is n't easy - but house parties are n't unusual for teens ( or at any age ) but going to bars/clubs is way easier and most people will do that weekly instead, 
  netherlands . 
  they seem pretty chill, 
  presumably germany, 
  what was it like in brazil ? 
  i kinda assumed brazil was pretty open and relaxed about sex, 
  yeah because people never talk about gypsies in europe, 
  i would go with italy for 11 days because you can take your time and it gives you a bit more freedom if you want to go off-plan, 
  students only drink thurs-sat where you are ? 
  precisely . 
  heck you can find plenty of ignorant comments from people talking about * their own * countries never mind foreign ones . 
  good . 
  probably one of the best places in the world to be gay i guess . 
  i really hope this sub is n't going to turn into / r/shitamericanssay like / r/europe did, 
  island bros yay , 
  there 's a boulevard de nantes in cardiff, 
  yeah eurosport is pretty terrible . 
  even the articles on their website are pretty mediocre . 
  so obese op can not type properly with his pudgy fingers, 
  lemon drizzle cake, 
  what phone ? 
  i 'm thinking of getting rid of my crappy old one, 
  it was my day off today which is always nice when i 'm not in work . 
  and i made a cake which is currently in the oven so i 'm going to have that with a cup of tea soon , 
  good thing you 're not john barrowman then, 
  i 'm not a fan . 
  find him obnoxious , a poor actor and a bit pervy, 
  is it his creepy facial hair ? 
  his gigantic head ? 
  the word `` mo ? '', 
  pretty common in england and people do n't really bat an eyelid i suppose most common interracial relationships are white/black and white/south asian , black/south asian is less common, 
  i was listening to a radio phone in about this and a young british born pakistani guy was saying he understood how cousin marriage is inbreeding and has massive risks for children but you ca n't prevent it because it 's allah 's will . 
  head meet desk !, 
  do you still live in italy ? 
  because i 've noticed that italians abroad will complain about their host country and constantly talk about how italy is so much better . 
  it gets very old to listen to .
