i believe it is intentionally placed on the a1 , it 's something that everyone gets to see as they take the main route to the north . 
  our flags for everything program was both long running and highly successful . 
  i suspect dublin might be the 4th largest city in the british isles , but not the uk . 
  post wwii the uk had a huge housing crisis , and by the 60 's it still was n't fully dealt with , so all across the country cities began to build a lot of , by the flat , very cheap concrete tower blocks . 
  while they ticked all the boxes for liveability when they were build they have become a nightmare to maintain , and have always looked horrendously ugly . 
  for the most part yes the area is under ua control . 
  the crash site happens to be in the middle of where the ato was already conducting a pincer movement to cut off donetsk from the rest of rebel held territory , the problem being that the crash site is now in the middle of the front line where the separatists would quite like to re-establish their supply line . 
  well it 's not like trivial things such as , say , having football stadiums had any effect on the decisions . 
  buk is the version that has it 's own radar so it does n't need the 9c470 command center or other external radars . 
  it 's usually raining or at least overcast here , the moment we go anywhere that sees the sun we burn instantly . 
  it 's the telegraph , assume both at all times . 
  never forget that the soviet union consisted of russia and all the places russia had conquered at some point before 1941 . 
  i love they way the beeb put backs in quotations . 
  thank you for that , the choice of only four policy areas really is quite narrow . 
  the trick here is that the majority ( not all , but most ) of his insane ideas are domestic ones . 
  quite a lot of people will vote for him in the euro elections because they agree with his europe policy, 
  the catch 22 ukip is sitting in is that quite a lot of people support them for their immigration policy . 
  lets be honest here , congress really has n't been doing itself any favours recently . 
  no but they will stop pistol rounds . 
  it 's vastly easier to sneak a small pistol through security than a large assault rifle . 
  she 's wearing it because she 's worried about assassination , not war . 
  honestly it looks more like an explicit statement , she wants people to know that she feels the need to wear a bullet proof vest . 
  there 's also accuracy to take into account , aiming a gun accurately and quickly is quite difficult , the body is the largest part of a person that is likely to suffer fatal damage if hit , if someone is only aiming a gun at them in general and trying to hit them at all then a vest will vastly improve the chances of survival . 
   `` i could go to a public christian school but even there , there 's still a lot more drama about the dating thing and there 's a lot more foul language . 
  i know that if i went to public school within about four weeks i would be going along with the others , cursing and dishonouring god especially . '', 
  said by one of the children , age 15 . 
  probably the best paragraph in this article that really shows what 's going on here . 
  she has been taught by her parents that if she goes to school then she will meet other people and they will corrupt her . 
  the reason behind the money thing is that quite a lot of studies have determined that a very large number of people will be voting with their wallets . 
  the usual figure quoted is a # 500 difference in income per year for people to vote independence instead of union . 
  also a type of knot for shoelaces and a bow tie , another type of ornamental knot made from ribbon , a musical instrument , several places , a measurement of the flatness of silicon wafers ( this should be where you realize that i 've used wikipedia ) and as a verb the act of bending under force . 
  to my knowledge the prevalence in the us is mostly due to a believe that it helps to prevent urinary tract infections , this became so common that it stopped being discussed and just became a given that parents would have their child circumcised the same way they would have vaccinations done . 
  the fact that unitary tract infections are n't the bogey man and circumcision is n't actually needed is only now starting to filter through to people . 
  i would suggest it is relevant because turkey has aspirations of joining the european union . 
  as such certain topic about events which would be of relevance to whether or not it would be allowed to join would be valid topics of discussion . 
  the politics of the us in the falklands were complicated since they had spent the previous decade trying to improve diplomatic relationships with the whole of south america . 
  in the end they provided just about everything they could short of actual troops . 
  the eu is an evolution of an organization that was intended to stop european nations from waging war on each other , so odds are pretty close to 1:1 that it would stop any eu nation from attacking another . 
  if however , everything goes 100 % tits up and someone gets attacked then article 5 of the nato charter kicks in . 
  `` the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . '', 
  so to attack gibraltar , spain would be attacking the entirety of nato ( including themselves actually , meaning they would be diplomatically obliged to stop themselves ) . 
  thus in any actual fight , whoever was attacked has the support of nato . 
  i 'd assumed it was something that fired something that fired bullets , like a catapult that automatically wraps a rubber band around the trigger . 
  it 's the mirror , so that would be option a. 
   in the west  people in western europe just highlighting the bits of those posts you entirely ignored, 
   a top-secret plant at aldermaston not quite so secret really is it ? 
  last weeks news , they 've already been arrested http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2013/jan/24/muslim-patrol-gang-arrests-homophobic-video, 
   also sounds like he 'll only put forward a referendum if reforms are not made . 
  the way he phrased it is more `` we 're going to have a referendum , europe had better give us the best bloody deal possible '' but other than that you 're bang on with this being political manoeuvring . 
  tory pm 's always have to be careful with the eurosceptics on the back bench but with ukip replacing the lib dems as the protest vote his ability to win an election is looking threatened , he needs all those anti-euro votes to not split the right wing vote and instantly concede the election to labour . 
  because unfortunately the afore mentioned tabloids bring the echr into any discussion about europe , and vice versa . 
  many people do not understand that the echr is not part of the eu and the countries news sources are doing little to correct that . 
  thus whenever an argument about the eu crops up the echr gets lumped in with it , or more importantly whenever an argument about the echr springs up the eu gets blamed for as much as possible . 
  despite not being part of the eu , the echr is one of the big gripes many eurosceptics have with our relationship with the rest of europe . 
  yeah but they do n't make good headlines . 
  spot on the money with the euro ( haha ) , as for the echr it 's mostly the tabloids bitching . 
  every now and then the tabloids mention that the echr has done something notable ( see the recent case about discrimination based on wearing religious symbols and denying people service for religious reasons ) but they focus very heavily on what the ruling means , less that the echr does it . 
  however whenever the echr steps in to overturn a punitive british law the tabloids make a huge fuss over the very fact that the echr is allowed to have sovereignty over british law in the first place . 
  i think the phrase `` snowpocalypse '' was used around the 4 inches mark , it 's pretty bad ( that 's the media reporting of the snow btw , snow 's not causing much problem ), 
  he does n't say any of it . 
  that 's the thing , he 's squeaky clean , it 's almost everyone else in the party that keep spouting racist crap ( and it 's usually particularly stupid ) . 
  i get the feeling farage really just does know where the money is in politics . 
  we can sit here and criticise him but really , what is he going to do ? 
  try to make up a half-assed lie on the spot ? 
  admit to everything and openly accuse his government of lying while he is in the military ? 
  tell you that he 's been ordered to deny everything and admit to censorship ? 
  or just deny everything , do n't get in trouble with superiors , do n't get fired . 
  the charles de gaul does ( aster 15 close range defence missiles ) though i believe american carriers do not ( unless they 've mounted sea ram on them , which is more of a missile based ciws than even a short range missile defence system ) . 
  as a general principle , other ships can carry missiles , but only the carriers can have planes . 
  the royal navy previously found with the invincible class that more deck space was more important than missiles . 
  there is , and it turns out my local candidate is actually natalie bennett , but i 'd like a party that is actually solid socialism , not socialism tacked on to a green peace flyer to cover everything a manifesto should cover . 
  frankly i 'm hoping the snp launches an england branch , or someone else creates an actual left wing party in the uk . 
  i 'm english , but the snp are the only people i actually want to vote for . 
  lets face it , we 'd abolish < 1 year prison sentences by bumping them all up to 2 years for good measure . 
  hey , at least 22 % can speak irish , english is the second most common foreign language in the uk at only 10 % . 
  the eu makes the speed with which the un can write strongly worded letters look fast and decisive . 
  and lets not forget his most unforgivable crime . 
  being french . 
  not my field tbh , but most modern quantum gravity theories include extra dimensions to explain why gravity is so weak ( the point being that gravity sees those other dimensions , so you loose part of the gravitational force down those , so the bit in our three dimensions is reduced ) . 
  students drunk on power only they think exists, 
  farage and boris now look like the opening act of the mad show . 
   why is lithuania so small i ca n't help but feeling this is eu iv players wondering what the fuck happened to 1444 lithuania . 
  i do n't know about not hearing it . 
  `` sky journalist arrested for fabricating weapon smuggling story '' has a headliney sort of ring to it . 
  sorry i should have clarified , that 's 23 million people who are eligible for citizenship under the law of return , which grants immediate entry and israeli citizenship to anyone who is jewish , has at least one jewish grandparent or who is married to a jew . 
  well israel has a population of 8.4 million ( for interest , 6.6 million of them are jewish ) . 
  worldwide core jewish population is estimated at about 14.31 million , though this extends to about 17.3 million when you consider people who consider themselves part jewish , or who are ethnically jewish but not religiously so . 
  the estimate for people who are eligible for israeli citizenship though is higher , since you only need one jewish grandparent and to not actively profess another religion , that 's 23 million , including the 6.6 million people already with israeli citizenship . 
  so depending on your definition of jew , all of them moving to israel would be a 90-200 % increase in population . 
  so i 'm going to say israel would at least struggle if they all moved there at once , though the lower end of that estimate would be a similar figure to the rate at which israel expanded in the first three years of its existence . 
  europe is learning these lessons the hard way , just as i 'm sure israel did years ago . 
  we just never thought we might have to ask them for advice on how to protect ourselves . 
  it 's true of the famas g2 which the french navy bought , but the army never upgraded from the f1 which is not stanag compatible . 
  i think he 's hiding in shame from the rest of the european parliament who are probably eating in the canteen . 
  ascension island consists of a mountain and an airstrip . 
  though britain technically owned the island , it was rented to the americans for airbase , which they let britain use . 
  and yes , initially the us tried to stay neutral , this changed fairly quickly to supporting the british though not actually taking part militarily . 
  two things to note here , firstly the us was in fact of significant help to the uk during the falklands war , particularly the use of ascension island and the very latest sidewinder missiles for the harriers , but from an outside stand point you note that they did n't actually take part and this is the next point . 
  up until 1982 argentina was a us ally . 
  half the argentinian air force was flying american skyhawks , the argentinian marines were all trained by the us marines and were using us aavp 's ( then called lvtp-7 's ) and throughout the war c-130 's supplied the argentinian forces via port stanley .
