it 's pretty accurate really . 
  only real fuck up was in the northern europe , they placed scandinavia too much to the west , and ` skipped ' the netherlands . 
  slapjes is '' weakish '' basically it means that the person is n't feeling too well , not at full strength . 
   by the catalan logic , limburg should be made independent when shall we start ? 
  oh right , i 'm on a mobile right now so i did n't notice ; but that 's good functionality . 
  i think it 's a lot better ; though perhaps have a small text under the symbols that says what they 're used for . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't like the new layout at all . 
  the banner at the top is definitely not an improvement , it 's basically just a blue rectangle now . 
  and the menubar at the left is not very useful either , it currently uses a lot of space , which results to 80 % of the page having a white border next to the posts . 
  i 'd prefer it if the posts just extended to the left and have the menubar at the top . 
  then do n't be average . 
  i 'm guessing it 's because you were n't occupied so there was n't really need for help from individuals as ( jewish ) refugees were taken care of by the state . 
  however ; the english parliament did not invite him in , 7 prominent nobles did invite him after he `` requested '' that they 'd invite him . 
  7 nobles = / = british parliament . 
   an unwelcome intrusion into another 's domain . 
  i 'm quite certain the head of state ( aka james ) did not want him there . 
  and thus it was an unwelcome intrusion into another 's domain . 
  and you do understand that naming something `` glorious revolution '' might be the result of ( successful ) propaganda ? 
  nonetheless , the glorious revolution fills criteria for both a revolution and an invasion , after the dutch landed their army there was indeed an uprising by the protestants , yet it still required a dutch army and there were also a couple of skirmishes between royalist and dutch forces , but in the end a dutch king sat on the throne . 
  marching a foreign army into a state , and dethroning the current ruler in favor of yourself sounds like an invasion to me . 
  and it does say something about a revolution that the people first have to be motivated to revolt by a foregin large army and fleet ( 2 times the size of the spanish armada ) . 
  you could also list '' the glorious revolution '' which technically was a dutch invasion of britain , though the english might not agree with it  . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  so does our king ; here on a picture with one of europe 's best friends . 
  it 's also interesting that such a small country is the second largest exporter if agricultural goods , only behind the us . 
  you do n't know what you 're missing my friend . 
  '' we '' do n't all call us holland nonetheless i mostly meant it as a joke but still i 'd rather be called the netherlands . 
  i 'd say most dutch people ` tolerate ' using holland , but most dutch ( the part that does n't live in the hollands ) would rather have you call it the netherlands, 
  atleast you do n't call us holland , oh wait . . 
  uh . . well . . 
  i 'll take alankomaat over hollanti . 
  limburgers unite . 
  bosnia herzegovina , could be put in the - i\u00eb group as most people just call it bosni\u00eb ( bosnia ), 
  in dutch we call belarus white russia \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  that 's cause gouda is n't a protected brand so everyone can name their cheese gouda sadly . 
  i 'll throw in some maastricht , very historic city , possibly the oldest city of the netherlands ( although that 's a contested title ), 
  i was only joking , it is just that i thought you gave a somewhat weird description of a person . 
   she was this mysteriously pretty but very quiet and reserved girl living on the other side of the hall . 
  oh those kind of persons , i hate those . 
  ah but you see we had it first so . . 
  i do n't think he is debating that it is n't normal , but i think he means that there is a huge difference between 86.5 gwh and 29.6 gwh , and that it shows how unreliable wind energy us . 
  i 'd say dutch prominence ended after the glorious ` revolution ' ( aka a dutch invasion ) after which many dutch merchants moved to england which gave abhuge boost to england 's economy . 
  shots fired . . what do you mean with only non-eu can be a democracy part ? 
  do love me some glorious '' revolution '', 
  glorious '' revolution ''  . 
  this is it i think , http://www.at5.nl/artikelen/127515/rutte-experiment-met-reguleren-wietteelt-slecht-idee, 
  what you said may be right but rutte ( our pm from the vvd ) himself said that he '' barely dares to show his face to merkel and hollande '' as all this dirt ( '' rotzooi '' aka soft drugs ) is coming to their countries through the netherlands . 
  it was in an interview with the nos ( ? ), 
  i think . 
  two and a half mods ? 
  yeah i do n't think it 's worded very well, 
  technically you are wrong though , i see this response everytime but saba ( and bonaire and st. eustasius ) are part of the netherlands proper , while cura\u00e7ao , aruba and st. maarten are independet countries within the kingdom . 
  so mount scenery ** is ** the highest point within the netherlands and the kingdom . 
  normally the dutch are quite a bit better , won a few golds last time around though no medals this olympics yet . 
  this list would 've been better if they had made it relative to the size/population of the countries . 
  the person you replied to never implied that it was . . 
  what are you saying ? 
  yes , the soviets that organized that coup also made the crucial mistake of not capturing one of the important figureheads of the goverment . 
  yeah not true at all , if i look in my neighbourhood i 'd say the majority of the houses use the system shown in the video . 
  just change dutch to hollander and we 're all set  . 
  ^ ( please do n't kill me ), 
  unlike iceland, 
  that 's pretty rad !, 
  i 'm pretty sure there are also serious people checking out this thread so does n't matter if it 's a joke , 
  sorry , what do you mean ? 
  so why did crete never end up in the macedonian realm , unlike the rest of greece and cyprus as well ? 
  not specifically the voc , just any dutch company i reckon . 
  as some are also outside of the `` voc territory '', 
  yes . 
  every row is a party , some parties have multiple rows . 
  you vote for the party by circling a box in one of their rows . 
  the box you circle is next to a persons name and by circling that box you give that person your preference vote essentially . 
  / r/thenetherlands had always seemed like a d66 stronghold tbh . 
  but that might be because the main demographic here on reddit is young people , to be specific students and of course d66 does always do pretty well with them . 
  to be honest from browsing / r/europe and / r/thenetherlands that seems to be every redditors dream . 
  all aboard the pechtold train, 
  it 's an air defence system , we have like three of them . 
  we stationed one of them in turkey a while back to protect them from a potential syrian attack as is our obligation to a nato ally . 
  the deployment has ended though , so those systems are back in the netherlands . 
  uhhm . . the official reason was public order and security . 
  the reason that they might think it 's a threat to public order and security might be because of the reason you gave , 
  if you 're planning any large trip , you could take the trans-mongolian express which starts in moscow then goes to ulaanbataar ( capital of mongolia ) and then continues on to bejing . 
  it 's a trip i 've been wanting to take for a while now . 
  turkish minister of foreign affairs wanted to campaign in the netherlands for the upcoming turkish referendum , the netherlands said he was n't welcome unless they were willing to cooperate as to take the necessary arrangements for such a rally . 
  he took a flight anyway and threatened with sanctions if the flight would be stopped , the netherlands blocked the flight for reasons of public order and security . 
  erdogan calls us nazis , you know the usual , later that day another turkish minister ( of family affairs ) tried entering the netherlands by car , she was halted by dutch police in front of the turkish consulate in rotterdam . 
  she would be escorted back to the german border where she came from . 
  in the mean time a crowd started forming infront of the consulate made up off `` dutch '' - turks , protesting and waving turkish flags . 
  in the end the riot police cleared the area . 
  and now turkey is threatening with sanctions once more , and saying `` the netherlands will pay ten fold for what they 've done '' . 
  that 's pretty much it , i think . 
  i think it 's nord rhein westfalen , a german bundesland . 
  yeah , it 's probably just a simple ddos attack . 
  william the silent no more . 
  well if you want to claim verstappen , your claiming us , 
  as a dutchman , i agree . 
  is het frikandel of frikadel ? 
  wait a sec , portugal ai n't mediterranean !, 
  about time . . our current marijuana laws make no sense . 
  / r/formula1 ,
