  it 's based in the u.s. by agreement and funded by its members with a voting system driven primarily by the aforementioned quotas . 
  where else should it be based ? 
  the moon ? 
  why would n't the imf be used for the very purpose for which its members pay their quotas ? 
  yeah , and they tend to cluster together . 
  they could probably find similar results here , if not lower . 
  and what do people do socially ? 
  a drink or two , and dinner ? 
  islam imposes rules that make it difficult to participate in these things . 
  yeah , increasing the gdp would make the debt far more manageable . 
  dropping corporate tax would indeed be an incentive . 
  the problem is that greece and ireland have some substantial differences . 
  people say that ireland is just a tax haven , which is untrue . 
  yeah the corporate tax rate is low , and that 's a big incentive , but if it were just that then all we 'd see are token company registrations for tax purposes . 
  instead we see multinationals setting up major facilities in ireland . 
  ireland has a far lower median age ( 35.7 ) than greece ( 43.5 ) . 
  to put this in to perspective , in 2014 saw greece having the 9th highest median age , while ireland was in 70th place . 
  ireland also has a far higher rate of young workers who have completed tertiary education . 
  51 % of irish between 25 and 34 have completed tertiary education compared to 39 % in greece . 
  and this is n't just an artefact of the 2008 crash . 
  for people aged 25 to 64 , ireland has a rate of 41 % compared to the greek rate of 28 % . 
  so ireland can afford to spend more on growing the economy and it has a higher rate of educated workers available . 
  fewer pensions to pay means more money can go in to stimulating the economy . 
  there are also cultural differences . 
  although we have seen marches against austerity , and boycotting of the water charges , there has n't been a major pushback . 
  it 's been , sometimes depressingly so , a very civilised affair . 
  sure we saw recent political issues in electing a new government , but this seems more a slap in the face than taking to the streets . 
  while ireland is estimated to have a relatively large shadow economy , in greece it seems almost a civic duty to avoid paying taxes . 
  perception of corruption is also important , as these perceptions reflect culture and inform actions . 
  i think ireland to somewhere in between the north and the south of europe in terms of mentality . 
  people generally pay their way , but they will be cheeky in relatively `` harmless '' ways . 
  latin and hellenic culture tend towards more overt self-interest , and perceptions of corruption rise as you head south . 
  increasing gdp would definitely help . 
  doing that will not be straight forward . 
  whatever happens , greece is n't going to bounce back anytime soon to the living standards of the 90s . 
  their economy and culture simply ca n't support the living standards they enjoyed , and increasing gpd will require significant changes . 
  of course they 're not helped if creditors think they can fix things by bleeding the country dry . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_median_age https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tertiary_education_attainment https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index, 
  yes , even for women and lgbt people . 
  i 'd agree - you can take a liberal view while still holding people to reasonable standards of behaviour . 
  if someone thinks they can import backwards tribal bullshit in to modern western country , then we should help them return to a place where such behaviour is closer to the norm . 
  thanks for taking the time to make a well considered post . 
  yeah , ireland had nowhere near the level of problems greece had , both in scale of debt and the structural issues , which were both far worse for greece . 
  ireland 's problem was essentially a transitory bubble . 
  greece 's problems have been decades in the making . 
  i think we agree that the measures taken are too harsh . 
  while we ca n't simply pour money in to greece and let it be business as usual , i ca n't see how greece can possibly recover enough to service the debt . 
  i still think too much of this was played out in the media , but i suppose that 's kind of difficult to avoid in democracies . 
  and certainly we saw that schizophrenic nature , where the country seemed to elect a leftist government that was all over the place . 
  people took to the streets , and the overall impression was one of a country that , after electing successive governments that let the country live beyond its means , had decided that they did n't want to pay the bill . 
  right or wrong , that 's the impression . 
  this comes from the things politicians said as well as the scenes of protestors , and the ways in which people voted . 
  my hope is that the european economy continues to pick up and we arrive at a point where some debt forgiveness can be offered . 
  even if greece is a far more severe situation , politicians still have to consider the other struggling countries that would no doubt wonder why they 're paying their bills if the greeks do n't have to ? 
  that goes without saying . 
  it 's part of the social contract we expect will be honoured . 
  hi , pal , it 's not as if the european creditor nations are just being nasty for the sake of being nasty . 
  it 's a politically delicate situation . 
  considering we 've seen belt tightening in many other countries , the leader who decides to write off $ 30 billion to a nation that has been fudging its numbers for decades will not easily be sold to their electorate . 
  that money has to come from somewhere . 
  it may also harm progress in countries where austerity measures have been pretty painful . 
  it did n't help that the greek government took a `` fuck you '' approach to negotiations and seemed to be playing it out in the media . 
  sure it bolstered support at home , but did they not think this would make concessions even more difficult for other leaders ? 
  yeah , greece is fucked for the foreseeable future . 
  at some point chunks of this debt will need to be written off . 
   irish is closest to british than anyone - after all irish we can even consider as british , because of northern ireland a tip for you , my new internet friend . 
  do n't share this theory if you ever visit ireland and are looking for random conversation after a few drinks . 
  it 's as wrong as it is inflammatory to people who kind of consider ireland to be a country . 
  there 's that big bit of land , south of northern ireland , where they have a flag and everything . 
  it 's even on maps !, 
  you 're right in noting that the cultures are pretty similar , but to call the irish british is a faux pas on the scale of claiming that scots are english on account of being part of the united kingdom . 
  hi , my new internet friend , looking in to the causes is fine . 
  we should understand why there are differences and ensure that they are not due to discrimination . 
  the problem is when people , like khan , leap to the conclusion that something needs to be fixed . 
  we see the same rhetoric with diversity in a whole range of higher level jobs , although curiously less attention given to better paying `` dirty '' jobs . 
  incidentally , the london transport board is long since defunct . 
  khan was referring to the board of transport for london , of which only 2 of the 16 members are women . 
  of this board , everyone is white . 
  kind of not surprising giving how people on the board are not exactly teenagers striking out in their first job after leaving college . 
  so it 'll probably take a bit of time before high level jobs catch up with immigration , as you ca n't just pick a random black guy from the street and hand him the job . 
  also , these jobs are very exclusive . 
  some of them are drawn from people who worked in transport , which tends to be a male dominated field . 
  although the board pay is actually very low ( # 18k base ) , these are typically people holding high level positions elsewhere that afford them the time to sit on the board of tfl . 
  you ca n't simply stick an advert in the guardian and interview random ethnic studies graduates . 
  i suppose we might ask why it is that women are underrepresented at higher levels of industry leadership ? 
  and is this something likely to remain static ? 
  it could be , given the increasing percentage of women attending higher education , that we see the demographics naturally shifting . 
  is there discrimination that 's preventing women from rising to these positions , or is it caused by men and women tending to have differing priorities in life ? 
  are non-white groups being kept out ? 
  it 's similar to the debate of the supposed gender pay gap . 
  and to what end should the board be representative ? 
  are there specific ethnic or gender needs either unaddressed or such that a white guy with decades of experience in transport could n't understand ? 
  these are just a few things we should consider before going ahead in assuming there to be something to fix . 
  and overall , if these people are not the best available choices then they should indeed be replaced and that process should be blind to gender and ethnicity . 
  hi , buddy , a bigger concern would be turkey 's large muslim population and the impact turkey could have as a voting member of the eu . 
  erdogan is n't exactly hot human rights . 
  also , turkey is busy fighting kurds , and the occupation of cyprus does n't help matters . 
  the events in turkey over the past few years have demonstrated pretty convincingly why turkey needs some pretty drastic changes before the eu should even begin considering membership , which anyway seems a moot point . 
  would a majority of turks even want to join the eu ? 
  how about everybody be first class citizens , my new internet pal ?
