they 're doing a pretty good job of covering this up . 
  to quote martin mcguinness : `` sinn f\u00e9in is opposed to brexit . 
  the referendum result showed that the people of the north want their future to be in europe . 
  that vote must be recognised and respected . '', 
  and there 's the [ policy ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/sinn-f\u00e9in-to-campaign-against-brexit-in-eu-referendum-1.2476720 ) they agreed in 2015 . 
  at best , you could argue that sinn fein is mostly interested in pushing for northern ireland 's remain vote to be respected , which could be done either by the uk remaining or by reunification of ireland . 
  i agree . 
  with these power stations , the onus really should be on the state to prove that there is reasonable risk . 
  it 'd be a different matter if we had discovered a serious flaw that would warrant their closure . 
  instead it was a knee-jerk reaction to fukushima . 
  while i have reservations about how such courts could be abused to drive down standards , shutting down those plants was simply not justified . 
  if the public wants them shut-down for emotional reasons , then the public should bear the cost . 
  ireland is far smaller , was beginning from a far lower level of economic development , and companies based in ireland enjoy free access to eu markets . 
  also , ireland is not headed for years of uncertainty and confusion in relation to treaties . 
  this is n't to say that cutting the tax rate is bad . 
  it 's more that ireland is n't a great comparison . 
  to be honest , right now it 's more about idle curiosity . 
  like watching someone sawing the branch on which he 's sitting . 
  you know he 's going to fall , but disbelief at the stupidity makes it difficult believe the events unfolding before you . 
  i could n't what ? 
  my god , you 're so close to self-awareness that it 's difficult to imagine you 're not engaging in parody . 
  good day , sir !, 
   unlike you i finished school and got my bsc ( hons ) degree and unlike ireland wales does n't offer illegal state aid for multinationals . 
  well , that was money well spent . 
   you suggesting that ireland effectively bribing companies to set up there is some kind of conspiracy is beyond dumb . 
  0.0005 % tax rate . 
  where did i suggest this conspiracy ? 
   your delusion that ireland 's slightly higher graduation rate means fuck all when talking about competing with london or paris is downright retarded . 
  london workforce is 50-60 % graduates , ireland is nothing compared to it . 
  nope . 
  i said there are multiple factors . 
  you 're the one who seems bizarrely convinced that taxation is the single reason for multinationals to come to ireland . 
  i 'd freely acknowledge that the tax climate is certainly one of the reasons , as would anybody else who is n't a delusional maniac . 
   regardless of whether apple is forced to pay the taxes it should have the time of special tax deals , and therefore tech giants setting up in ireland , is over . 
  sure . 
  you go with that , champ !, 
  it 's a sensible approach and i wish it were applied in more countries . 
  most corrections in the uk end up as easily missable notes . 
  i think you 're illustrating both why it is wales has the lowest rate of tertiary education graduates in the union and why so many graduates leave the country . 
  do you plan to do a degree when you leave school ? 
  did you find yourself some foil ? 
  if 100 % of the businesses have special deals , then what 's special about something that everyone gets ? 
  here 's a hint : the eu has n't said that all businesses received special treatment - that 's why they 've asked apple pay money as opposed to 100 % of multinationals with bases in ireland . 
  you might want to sit down a moment and think a few things through . 
  i do n't think you understand much about the topic under discussion , i do n't want to confuse you with facts and stuff . 
  maybe sit down , have a bit of cheese on toast , and see if there 's a piece of foil you can crumple up and chase around the floor . 
  i 'll join the other guy in wishing you a good day . 
  that 's good to know . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think you really understand the complexity of what you 're suggesting . 
  have n't you wondered why so many us companies do n't simply run their businesses from the us without bothering to set up regional operations ? 
  there may be some reasons for this - have a think about it for a while . 
   people lie to themselves all the time in an effort to feel good . 
  ireland has one of the highest rates of young graduates in the eu and a relatively young population . 
  these kind of matter to multinationals . 
  but i 'm sure you checked this along with other factors that might make a country attractive to overseas investment , such as regulatory burden . 
  but maybe you can help us out here with your vast experience of multinational businesses . 
   apple 's stance is if they pay then they remove the jobs , there wont be both . 
  citation needed . 
  that 's the complete opposite of what apple has said on the matter . 
   other american companies are going to think twice too about setting up shop in ireland . 
  like who ? 
  i loves me some dark humour , but i want it to be clever . 
  charlie hebdo seems to be childish and crude . 
  imagine private eye covers , with all speech bubble dialogue replaced with random and crude stuff '' , and that 's how i see charlie hebdo . 
  http://i.imgur.com/i68o2uk.png ( kind of nsfw ) charlie hebdo is about as low brow as it gets without shaving your eyebrows and tattooing them on your feet . 
  considerably higher . 
  uk tax makes up around 80 % of the price of a box of cigarettes . 
  based on a price of around # 9 , that 's # 7.20 for a box of 20 . 
  someone smoking 20 per day is paying the government over # 200 per month , and that 's an understated estimate . 
  i can understand refusing surgery on medical grounds , where there 's medical agreement that the patient 's lifestyle would significantly impact recovery . 
  refusing on grounds of cost is cynical cost-cutting measure made because smokers are an easy target . 
  why should a smoker who has worked all their life , paying national insurance , have fewer rights than someone who worked intermittently and spent most of their time on the dole ? 
  i think they do this in germany . 
  it makes a lot of sense and would certainly be of serious financial impact for a news channel that might devote hours in a day to a story . 
  it 's not really free labour if you 're paying them in booze . 
  it 's not a bad idea if it 's combined with a cessation programme . 
  it 's a pretty bad idea if it 's literally just taking advantage of their substance abuse issues to get cheap labour . 
  i expect there 'll be historical revisionism to explain that ataturk was actually in favour of turkey forming a caliphate . 
  they can also can rile up the sense of nationalism so that anger is pointed outwards and not at the government . 
  it 's how these things tend to go . 
  if it 's so easy to find examples , then why did you think a knife incident in a prison was a good example to show that the reutlingen killing was nothing unusual ? 
  how people died in that incident in g\u00f6nningen ? 
  any women killed ? 
  a woman died , and the guy had a machete . 
  a machete is a little larger than the kinds of knives typically used in knife attacks . 
  sure , stabbings happen . 
  typically it 's a one-on-one crime and with relatively small knives , and most often not leading to deaths . 
  i suppose we 'll have to see how this case pans out , to know if it 's a simple dispute or someone going allah akbar . 
  regardless of that , that he had a machete and killed a woman makes this is very unusual stabbing . 
  consider those examples you linked :  http://www.lvz.de/region/delitzsch/zwei-maenner-bei-messerstecherei-in-gefaengnis-schwer-verletzt this was knife fight in a prison . 
  how the fuck is this comparable ? 
   http://www.kn-online.de/news/aktuelle-nachrichten-schleswig-holstein/norddeutschland/mann-bei-messerstecherei-in-luebecker-wohnung-verletzt one man stabbing another with a knife after a dispute . 
  again , not really comparable . 
   http://www.bild.de/regional/stuttgart/mord/zwei-tote-bei-messerstecherei-in-stuttgart-46860736.bild.html a prostitute is stabbed outside of a brothel . 
  not very comparable . 
  a kitchen fight is comparable ? 
   http://www.abendblatt.de/hamburg/wandsbek/article207892401/29-jaehriger-bei-messerstecherei-in-rahlstedt-verletzt.html no idea about this one , so i wo n't comment . 
  i dug around a bit , and i could n't find anything conclusive . 
  see http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/30007/is-saudi-arabia-funding-200-mosques-but-not-accepting-any-refugees that saudi arabia , or saudis , would provide funding is n't a big stretch .
