  they 've a track record for providing financial support and exporting their brand of islam to the west . 
  yes , and then there are some multinationals setting up real facilities and providing thousands of jobs . 
  we 're feeling really secure after iraq . 
  thanks for that . 
  i doubt it . 
  she 's relatively new in the house , and she 's not exactly distinguished herself in her earlier roles or the campaign . 
  chancellor would be a remarkable leap for her . 
  also , i do n't think she had enough popular support in the party to warrant cutting her a particularly generous deal . 
  they should bring johnson , gove , and farage in to help out . 
  i 'm sure they had already thought this all through and can offer a stunningly brilliant plan . 
  yep . 
  i probably should have added weapons to the list . 
  my worry with leaving the eu is that relationships with some pretty unsavoury countries will get warmer as the government attempts to sell more arms to them . 
  maybe the uk should instead have a bash at exporting those kebabs . 
  you seem to want this to be some kind of game . 
  well , i see only losers - no winners , least of the financial minnows of the eu . 
  let 's hope that stability is valued over the vengeance you 're seeking and this time next year you just might have a pot to piss in . 
  hey . 
  the uk 's also got financial services , charity shops , payday lenders , and kebab shops . 
  when the third largest net contributor to the budget drops out of a club where only around a third of members are net contributors , then there 's probably something to care about . 
  even more so when living in a country that is only third from the bottom in terms of reliance on eu funding . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm struggling to understand the merits of a technique of negotiation in which the weaker party begins by very publicly insulting their partners . 
  i 'm arguing because it 's dumb to compare abortion to consensual sex acts . 
  by your logic , arson is none of your business if someone else is lighting the fire . 
  both are questions of bodily autonomy , but very different in scale . 
  to what extent should we permit abortion ? 
  should we allow it until two weeks before someone is due ? 
  we 're talking a procedure that potentially ends lives . 
  it 's far more complex than sex acts between consenting adults . 
  i 'm not against abortion as permitted in the uk . 
  yeah , it 's been pretty bad . 
  all of those events listed are either pakistani or muslim groups of men . 
  this is the kind of stuff that scares poisons minds against immigration . 
  that the truth comes out does n't mean that a cover-up never happened . 
  in fact we kind of only know something was covered-up once the cover-up fails . 
  rotherham was particularly murky and so was reporting from the various sex attacks around europe . 
  if they 're not comparable then why draw the comparison ? 
  are n't we discussing russia ? 
  turkey is n't russia . 
  because a sexual orientation or fetish is not comparable to terminating a pregnancy ? 
  describing it as `` picking on '' russia is a little disingenuous given how russia has annexed crimea , is likely implicated in the shooting down of a passenger aircraft , and has itself been very belligerent of late . 
  i 'm living overseas , but i imagine migration has been a big part of it . 
  people are understandably concerned by this . 
  we 've seen a number of sex scandals concerning immigrants/muslims , such as in rotherham , derby , bristol , telford , peterborough , banbury , and keighley . 
  there have been cover-ups , both in governments and the media in the uk and other european nations . 
  people raising concerns are accused of being racist . 
  while some probably are racist , you ca n't rob people of a voice without expecting someone else will be there to provide an outlet , and that 's how right wing and populist movements grow . 
  i do n't want to see a resurgence of right-wing extremism in europe , but i do want to see these issues addressed . 
  immigration should be tightened up and greater efforts made to integrate people in to western cultures . 
  it 's unfortunate the referendum took place with this as a backdrop , but there is a lesson for us : you ca n't lie to people and manipulate , censor them , and then be surprised when less savoury groups step up to provide them a voice . 
  as a blind person , i was looking forward to hearing sharapova play - from 400 miles away while i 'm wearing earplugs . 
  kurds , isis , locking up journalists , and a leader who demands people overseas be prosecuted for mocking him . 
  it all adds up . 
  possibly fewer people burning coal at home or different types of coal ? 
  i 've lived in areas where people commonly heat their homes with coal and peat , and the difference between summers and winters is remarkable . 
  they banned certain types of coal and it made a big difference . 
  i recall walking home some days through a fog of smoke , which was particularly bad if weather conditions kept the smoke hanging around street level . 
  after the ban this became far less likely . 
  you still find some people burning the nasty stuff , but it 's pretty easy to spot when you have a house damn near shrouded in smoke . 
  it 's generally not a good idea to house refugees in private homes , and such offers are declined . 
  although they are christians , they 're coming from a very different culture . 
  as an example , most irish travellers are catholics , but you 'd not want to invite a random traveller to come live with you . 
  no slight on travellers - it 's just a very different culture . 
  combine that with the problem of there being as many flavours of christianity as there are christians , the cultural gap could be rather difficult to bridge . 
  it 's a nice but very risky gesture . 
   however : so what if the us has a larger army budget than that of the eu ? 
  does that somehow mean the us is responsible for the eu 's protection ? 
  not in my book , at least . 
  the role of any country in the security of others is debatable , and i respect that . 
  isolationism versus being everywhere there 's trouble , and everything in between : there are good arguments for an against most of that spectrum . 
  why should any country militarily get involved in the affairs of another ? 
  it comes down to stability being a rather good thing to have in the world - particularly for a major economic power like the united states . 
  the us has benefited greatly from globalisation , and its in her interests to see stability and to be perceived positively . 
  i definitely think that other countries should pick-up some slack here - we can not and should not expect the us to provide more than its fair share , and nato sets often ignored rules on the percentage of gdp to be allocated to military spending . 
   the imf is a quote system , agreed . 
  so you have four eu cmajor countries whose money goes to it that only then matches that of the us . 
  why should the american tax payer have to pay for the mess of the eu and greece ? 
  it should n't . 
  and the eu has made it clear there would not have been a bailout with the imf . 
  it 's about stability , and the greek situation really is one of the things the imf is there to address . 
  should eu contributions have been used in argentina or brazil ? 
  should the imf be part of the solution when venezuela finally ousts their lunatic in chief and seeks help ? 
  or should we say that the us and canada should take care of problems in their backyard ? 
  maybe let those countries burn and live with the consequences of having them disintegrate about you ? 
   here 's a link of european countries requesting military help from the us : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-nato-russia-iduskcn0xt1zr[1] they are requesting nato support , and understandably so . 
  although the us is probably making up a disproportionately high percentage of the 4000 troops , there will be troops from other nato members , and the us economy by far dwarfs individual eu countries . 
  like i said , i think eu powers should contribute more . 
  international stability benefits all countries . 
  all members of nato rely on nato . 
  that 's kind of how these alliances work . 
  nato provides a joint response as a consequence for an attack on a member , which would make russia think long and hard about sending their forces on a holiday to a nato member . 
  it also ensures that the u.s. has resources dotted around the world . 
  it 's true that the u.s. has a budget that dwarfs all others , but it 's wrong to imagine that the other members are passive and useless . 
  assuming a conventional attack , a russian invasion of europe would not go well for them even before the americans arrive . 
  yes , europe relies on nato . 
  otherwise what 's the point in having nato ? 
  the imf was involved in greece because that 's kind of its job . 
  it 's the international monetary fund . 
  you do know that imf members contribute to the imf in a quota system , and that the uk , france , germany , and italy together have a quota at around the same level as the united states ?
