  [ maybe milton friedman knows a little better about monetary policy than you ] ( http://www.bankofcanada.ca/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/keynote.pdf ) , you should read him then  * i think the euro is in its honeymoon phase . 
  i hope it succeeds , but i have very low expectations for it . 
  i think that differences are going to accumulate among the various countries and that non-synchronous shocks are going to affect them . 
  right now , ireland is a very different state ; it needs a very different monetary policy from that of spain or italy . 
  *  italy has not been exactly a good example of conservative monetary policies . 
  it 's not about monetary policy but about structural inflation and competitiveness . 
   you only included it in the list because you have an idea of the stronk europe that only includes stronk countries so italy should definitely be considered for the list . 
  the crude reality is that you can not base a monetary union on such primitive ideas . 
  there are many more not so stronk countries who would fit that list much better , but of course , you do n't know that . 
  name calling and imputing motives is not a very good way to prove a point ... 
  it 's a taboo subject . 
  just look as / u/slyratchet 's answer . 
  the euro is no longer discussed with rationality but with morale , and often feelings . 
  it 's a religious subject . 
  you 're either an antieuro sinner or a holy proeuro trying to save peace and fix the world ... our politicians would never recognize that they made a mistake . 
  they simply wait for another generation to fix it , as always . 
  https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ad-hominem and yes , in 2011 , i left the [ parti de gauche ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/left_party_ ( france \\ ) ) for the fn when i realized they would never leave their dream of a socialist europe . 
   the problems with the euro are much easier to fix with further integration more integration means more transfers to poor countries . 
  which means germany has to pay at some point . 
  i do n't want to seem pessimistic but i do n't see that happening in the future . 
   and it is much better to fix the euro through integration it 's much better to fix the world . 
   that safe guards the european project ( and the peace it 's brought ) and the continual economic growth which is ensured ( in france , as well as in other parts of the eurozone ) by being part of the euro . 
  do you have any proof that the euro has brought any growth , or that the eu has brought any peace ? 
  because when i look at [ eurozone 's gdp ] ( http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/uk-us-eurozone.png ) , i do n't see any extra growth that the euro could have given . 
  ( and we could also talk of the 11.5 % unemployment rate , the low inflation etc. ), 
   exiting the euro or destroying it is fundamentally the wrong solution there is no right and wrong , economics is not a moral science . 
  there 's what doable and what 's not . 
  so please tell me how do you make germans and germany accept to pay each year an equivalent of 2 % of their gdp ( net transfers between states in the us ) to ensure economic integration of greece , spain , or portugal ? 
   you want france to exit the eurozone ? 
  it 's not a question of will , the eurozone can not work and it will explode . 
  we could have a monetary union with france , belgium , germany , luxembourg and maybe italy , but now it 's unsustainable with too different economies . 
   example ? 
   does n't france have laws against fascist parties ? 
  fn is not a fascist party . 
  this has been proven multiple times . 
  fn is a populist party , as it appeals to the interests and conceptions ( such as fears ) of the general people , especially contrasting those interests with the interests of the elite . 
  but it 's in no way a fascist party . 
   he is everything you can despise in someone , xenophobia , racism , being against immigration of hundreds of thousands of poor and uneducated people is xenophobia and racism now ? 
   he even denies the holocaust . 
  no he did n't . 
  edit : you can look at [ this video ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2w56n_fn-le-pen-shoah-juif_news ) , where he clearly says that holocaust exists but that he thinks that the gas chambers are a detail in the history of wwii . 
   jmlp did n't say holocaust never happened , he said it was `` a detail in history '' he said that gas chambers were a detail in the history of wwii , to be more precise . 
  great game , but we won !, 
  south park 's dub too . 
   then how come only french feel the need to parade around with their language could you please define what you mean by `` parade '' and explain why it applies only to french people ? 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i never said anything like that . 
  not a word of what you imply . 
  france does not need uneducated and poor people . 
  immigration costs france a lot . 
  we ca n't pay for it anymore . 
  we badly need that 0,52 % of gdp in fiscal earnings . 
  now i would rather have french people stay in france , because we spent a lot for education and health , but apparently other countries need them . 
  it 's not about entitlement , it 's the right of any country to accept or refuse french people . 
  basically all of the points in my previous comment , except demographic stagnation . 
  could you please be more specific on what you want ? 
  is it data or precise examples ? 
  agreed . 
  but let 's not fall into the `` we need more europe '' thing . 
  what we need is results . 
  yeah that 's not a plus side for everyone : / r/bigdickproblems :-), 
  of course , it has changed , but there are still differences . 
  the fact that your country was built thanks to immigration and ours not changes things a lot imo . 
   given the myriad changes in society and technology , why would it be relevant ? 
  you do n't believe in culture ? 
  so you really think that all countries should behave the same regarding immigration , that we should all have the same subjective view regarding the numbers of immigrants that come ? 
  i simply think that we french have a common culture , our state and social organisation relies on very different schemes . 
  for example , we have more [ than 36 000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communes_of_france ) towns , where other countries have significantly less . 
  another example is that we socialize differently , becoming friend with a french generally takes longer , but is less superficial than in the anglosaxon world . 
  these kinds of things are deeply rooted in the way we see the world , and i believe that it has impacts on the way we see new people coming . 
  of course the world has changed , but still my parents raised me in a certain way and that affects how i react . 
  i understand why there is more migration now than before , but that does n't change the way i see immigration . 
   and the world population really began to explode starting in the 1950s how does it contradict the fact that 200 000 new people historically mean different things in france and australia or the us ? 
  you are used to many new people coming , it 's how your country was built . 
  it 's not the case in france . 
   but i have to ask , when the increase in population from immigration is .3 % a year , can you really call it mass migration ? 
  when there are 200 000 new non-eu ( legal ) immigrants each year , i call it mass migration , yes . 
  remember that population in france was 28 millions in 1800 , 38 millions en 1900 , and 65,7 millions in 2014 . 
  in the us , it was 3 millions in 1800 , 75 millions in 1900 , and 314 millions in 2014 . 
  for australia it was 5200 in 1800 , 4 millions in 1900 and 22,7 millions in 2014 . 
  we do n't have the same notions of growth , the numbers do not mean the same thing for us and for you . 
   i think many of the problems you 're talking about are more to do with ghettoization and poverty more than anything else . 
  well , immigration from vietnam and china was also very poor and lived in the same places than immigration from africa . 
  i strongly believe in cultural differences aggravating social conditions . 
  but it 's sure that poverty and ghettoisation have an important influence , data show that there are other factors because some have low unemployment and get richer where others stay poor and unemployed . 
   and if you think that immigrants from asia do n't bring problems with them as well , you 're mistaken . 
  when french speak about asia , we mean china and south-east asia  immigration from other parts of asia is not very important in france . 
  it is true that there are some specific problems , but still what i 've said about marriage and education difference stands . 
   we get a lot of pakistanis , afghanis , and iraqis not so much according to wikipedia : about 80 000 pakistanis + iraqis , afghanistan is not listed in the top 40 countries . 
   but it 's not a serious problem , and i still reject that there 's mass migration to france . 
  as i 've said elsewhere , it 's a subjective statement , we can agree to disagree on this . 
   that 's hardly worrying or dramatic numbers these are subjective words . 
   considering the population of france and france 's colonial history , it is hardly surprising i 'm not saying it 's surprising , i 'm saying that [ it is a cost for france ] ( http://www.oecd.org/els/mig/imo2013.htm ) , and that we do not need them . 
  what we need is a highly educated or rich immigration , at least to make up for the departures of our brains . 
  we do not need poor and uneducated immigration , that can not find a job with our 14,7 % unemployment rate ( only 54 % of non-eu immigrants actually work , and only 15 % of immigrants come to france for a job ) . 
  i 'm not going to give subjective qualifications for immigration in france , just data . 
  you can judge by yourself . 
   so you 're saying that 13 % of your population are immigrants ? 
  i 'm saying that exactly . 
   we have double that in australia .
