there are actually reasonable limits to eu immigration in a sense that the treaties only allow people to stay for 3 months afterwards they have to have a job or support themselves financially so that they do n't become burden to society . 
  still when we apply these limits ( roma repatriation ) , we are basically accused of [ being nazis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viviane_reding#controversy_over_roma ) . 
  epp is good at denying democracy ... 
   european exports would plummet due because they would cost more compared with `` internal products '' not at all . 
  they would cost less . 
   i think most of france 's exports do n't leave the continent . 
  about 40 % leave the eu . 
   what ? 
  explicitly what do you mean , in practice . 
  in practice french exports increase more than german exports when the currency depreciates , at the same time french imports decrease more than german imports . 
  on the other hand , french exports are hurt a lot more than germany 's when the currency rises . 
  france 's median non-price positioning means that it must act on both price and non-price competitiveness . 
  you only talk about non price competitiveness , i talk about both . 
   the point is those people want iphones , if iphones become to expensive they will buy second hand iphones , they will not console themselves with alcatels . 
  not all production is similar to iphones . 
  in fact a majority of products have substitutes and that 's where price counts . 
   do i need to explain what a sorry industry it , it is higly volatile , it creates low end seasonal jobs and it has no economic ramifications . 
  lol . 
  you obviously do n't know anything about tourism in france . 
  it 's not comparable to tourism in spain . 
  http://www.entreprises.gouv.fr/files/files/directions_services/etudes-et-statistiques/stats-tourisme/chiffres-cles/chiffres_cles13_gb.pdf  it 's a industry even grecce realised is pathetic to create a budged out of and you want to become poorer just so you can compete with grecce or portugal . 
  sorry but that is insane . 
  sorry but you do n't know shit about tourism . 
   you know what will stop foreigners in their tracks , loosing 10 % of the value in all their foreign assets . 
  perspective of growth is more important . 
  again just look at the uk who had a 25 % depreciation in 2008 , and look at the situation now : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/industry/10978395/foreign-investment-into-uk-hits-record-as-15bn-of-uk-infrastructure-goes-up-for-sale.html that just proves you so wrong . 
   no , it just kicks the bucket down the road , it makes credit harder to get and it focuses your efforts on the wrong issues , you need to become taiwan not greece . 
  even greece is tired of being greece . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  and greece is fucked partly because it 's still in the eurozone when its economy does not allow it . 
   when ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pound_sterling#current_exchange_value following the global financial crisis in late 2008 , however , the pound has since depreciated at one of the fastest rates in history , reaching $ 1.38 per # 1 on 23 january 2009 and falling below $ 1.25 against the euro in april 2008 . 
  a further decline occurred during the remainder of 2008 , most dramatically on 29 december when its euro rate hit an all-time low at $ 1.0219 , while its us dollar rate depreciated . 
   that does n't matter if the customer wants a iphone , the cheese part was sarcastic , you preduce high end telecomunication and machinery and pharmaceuticals mostly , but those are still not iphones . 
  yeah because people only buy iphones . 
   people buy what they buy because they want those specific products , they wo n't buy french and they will not buy up the excees production that exporters did n't manage to sell . 
  wrong . 
  product substitution is a thing ...  you really do n't get it do you . 
  you really do n't get it do you . 
   your 2000 euros wo n't be worth 2000 euros after the depreciation yeah that 's the point , genius . 
   and the added systemic shock would only upset the economy more than negesary and the sky will rain blood and acid . 
  it 's the opposite , it has been done numerous times in the past . 
  most of monetary unions have died with no problem . 
  there has been countless devaluations . 
  we know the effects and they are positive . 
   if you would only reduce wages by 10 % the rest of the system would be fine . 
  now the idea is retarded as lower wages do n't negesaraly mean more jobs , but it 's still more reasonable than a depreciation . 
  that 's what is done in spain and greece . 
  brillant . 
   yes , and yes ... look at how specialised both of them are compared to france , both in product and in markets . 
  http://www.jetro.go.jp/switzerland/relations/tradesj.html you 're wrong . 
  they are not isolated at all . 
   exiting the eu does not make you switzerland , being switzerland makes you switzerland , and they would be fine even in the eu . 
  no kidding . 
  i was refuting you `` isolation '' point . 
   so does adding vat on top of your cost make your prices more competitive ? 
  i 'm not talking about vat . 
   it means your population is not increasing yes it is . 
   you just need to make young people enter more productive sectors and not work in the same jobs their parents work in . 
  and depreciation helps having more productive sectors . 
   yes you are , stop being a idiot now compare french productivity with uk 's , germany 's or even switzerland 's productivity . 
  you 're just picking up data without looking at what it means . 
   goverments do 2 things [ ... ] in the next 40 years ) agreed . 
   i see only one side with a different degree of reluctance . 
  for the war in irak we clearly had countries opposing the war and others supporting it . 
  for ukraine we have countries opposing the sanctions and other supporting them . 
   i am arguing , that non residents that are repeat offenders get more severe punishiment and can be banned from entering the country for a certain period of time . 
  our criminals prefer to do it there because your police is weak and the rewards and bigger than ours . 
  they do n't dare pull that shit in hungary or austria , because they know that breaking the law hurts . 
  i agree but was not talking about that . 
   pick one ( other than tourism ) , and be great at it . 
  that is the whole point of a specialised economy . 
  yeah . 
  `` be great '' . 
  what a plan . 
  like no one is going to compete . 
  oh wait , every country does that . 
  in order to `` be great '' we have to use all means available , including currency . 
  the us and uk do it , we have to use it as well . 
   specialisation creates the economy of scale negesary to be globally competitive and the needs of your citizens are taken care of imports specialization is n't a thing that you declare . 
   in the case the national tax systems would be replaced by a german tax system changing the tax system without changing the economic structure is suicide . 
  but so was having a common currency without fiscal harmonization and important transfers between rich and poor regions . 
   can you get away with that , god that would be amasing . 
  24 cents in tax and you get the rest under the table that 's currently a thing in germany . 
   because that is the retard 's solution , like cutting spending . 
  it 's stupid governing and reactionary policies , it is pointless . 
  sponsored by the eu . 
   really ? , got any figures , how many have left ? 
  what industries ? 
  here is an article in french : http://www.lefigaro.fr/societes/2013/06/12/20005-20130612artfig00418-les-societes-francaises-delocalisent-en-priorite-vers-l-europe.php between 2009 and 2011 , 4,2 % of non financial companies with 50 employees or more relocated part of their activity outside of france . 
  55 % of this is made within the eu . 
   so you would prefer to loose 10 bn in exports just to reduce imports exports would increase because of a lower currency . 
  the euro is overvalued for french economy . 
  your data just proves that the trade balance has worsened . 
   look at the dip imports took during the recesion that is caused by consumers not having enough money to buy foreign 1 . 
  there is not one single cause to imports . 
  basically you have price competitivity and cost competitivity . 
  french exports are more sensible to price competitivity that german exports . 
  i 've got a study in french that proves it .
