  yeah , but that was about the lithuanian duchy . 
  it 's really hard to speak about `` nations '' before the modern times . 
  tell me then how the masses of immigrants were controlled . 
  perhaps nobody wants defends it , but it is exactly what merkel did with her herzlish wilkommen policy . 
  close to europe like afghanistan or ethiopia ? 
  can anyone tell me what is going on in romania ? 
  a relatively weak country with powerful neighbours will always get invaded at some point . 
  i love my language . 
  you guys would n't ever guess how a function differential is called in poland . 
  try saying it : [ r\u00f3\u017cniczka !, 
  closer and almost no language barrier . 
  a north african / middle eastern migrant that does n't know any european language will take years to integrate . 
  that is a fact and facts are n't racist or whatever else you may call it . 
  pis does believe that it is genuinely helping . 
  understand this : the divide in poland is between the people who think that the post-communistic democracy set at the round table ( i encourage you to read up about it , it 's a good history lesson ) is the best thing that ever happened and the people who think that the round table was just a set-up orchestrated by the communistic agents in order to get a `` soft landing '' in the new polish democracy . 
  pis is the representation of the latter group - if you convince yourself that it was all a set-up then it is your duty to dismantle every mechanism instilled by the communistic agents in order to bring about true prosperity . 
  that is the root of what is happening in poland now . 
  here you go : our judiciary system is highly ineffective and the highest echelons are descended directly from the former communist state judiciary system . 
  of course they were all screened and checked when communism fell , but that is all that can be said about them . 
  the facts are that the judiciary system as a whole is a group that elects itself and takes care primarily of its own interest instead caring for the community it is supposed to serve . 
  the legislation passed by the ruling pis is an attempt to break this group of self-interest . 
  unfortunately it is a botched attempt . 
  it wo n't improve anything , but i doubt it will make things worse than they are . 
  immigration to western europe . 
  most of the people who emigrated are in the `` reproductive age '' . 
  the good green figures in ireland and uk are partly thanks to polish immigrants . 
  the argument against is n't about politics , but about economics . 
  the eurozone integration robs each country of its independent monetary policy and control of interest rates . 
  while that is n't an issue for a group of countries that are rich ( like france and germany ) it becomes an issue when one country is rich and another is poor . 
  i once read an article that if greece was n't in the eurozone it 's economic collapse would n't be as severe as it was . 
  could n't tell , 
  you are thinking of a different tradition . 
  people spill water over each other on easter monday . 
  on the processions of corpus christi ( what you see on the picture ) flowers are spilled in front of the procession . 
  based on the linked article - greek law allows the usage of religious islamic law in certain cases . 
  but the point here is that the deceased wanted to use the general greek law , not the local islamic community law to decide the inheritance after his death . 
  as such , the will of the deceased should take priority over the wishes of the community itself , because the mentioned treaties of 1920 and 1923 * allow * the usage of islamic law , not * enforce * it in islamic communities . 
  i hope that the european court will rule that the greek law is more important . 
  unfortunately this is all true . 
  / r/poland is a prime example of one of the `` two cities '' mentioned by the op . 
  people have lost any and all moderation in their views . 
  hell , it 's not limited to poland anyways - just yesterday a user at / r/europe called me a `` far right wing guy '' basically in line with fascist . 
  that is your opinion . 
  what more can i say ? 
  have fun with your left wing polices . 
  you only point out the fact that the european political scene drifted left as a whole . 
  current day republicans are centrist at best . 
  it 's totally possible , i wo n't deny it . 
  but what are the odds ? 
  then you are unfair . 
  imo the term `` far right '' should be reserved for people who think that the ue should be destroyed asap and that * all * immigrants ( both the 2015 wave and those living in europe for 3 generations ) should be rounded up in camps and deported . 
  that is far right to you , really ? 
  i shudder to think how you would classify fascist movements if what i said is far right . 
  how did you read what i write at / r/polska , google translate ? 
  just curious . 
  regardless ... 
  i am by no means a `` far right national eurosceptic '' . 
  but that is a matter of perspective . 
  so just to clear stuff up , let me say this : - i believe that there is a thing like european culture and i want to preserve it for the future generations . 
  i think that the hundreds of thousands of immigrants who are trying to get to europe come from a culture that is totally alien to our culture and that they should not be admitted en masse because they are a threat to our way of life . 
  - i believe that the european union took a bad turn towards bureaucracy , overregulation of markets and enforcement of `` progressive '' social ideas and that the eu should go back to its roots ( it 's roots being christian culture and free trade ) if that makes me a far right national eurosceptic then i guess i am one . 
  point is , my friend , that when i wrote my original comment there was nothing about the fact if it was terrorism or not , at least in the bbc article linked at the top . 
  so yes , i was asking questions to estimate terrorism , because what everyone can observe in europe currently - if an incident happens and the culprit is an immigrant / child of immigrants / a muslim then the chances of it being connected to islamic terrorism skyrockets . 
  apparently i triggered everyone and their mothers in this sub by daring to suggest that the `` incident '' * may prove to be connected to terrorism * . 
  that 's just me . 
  i am waiting for facts . 
  i just wonder if this is another case when the police will keep saying that `` we do n't know if this incident was connected to terrorism '' only for it to turn out that yes it was . 
  [ apparently pm theresa may will form a coalition government with the democratic unionists ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/election-2017-40219030 ), 
  election results in the united kingdom . 
  the conservative party lost 11 seats in the parliament , the labour party gained 28 seats and neither party has enough seats to form a majority-backed government alone . 
  the commission ca n't do anything to the v4 countries unless the commission wants even more eurosceptic movements in the v4 countries . 
  as a pole i will say only this : i will not , ever , accept any enforced mechanisms that will force my country to accept large groups of immigrants from a region which is culturally totally alien to european values . 
  if the commission will push this further it should end with a veto on our part . 
  i read somewhere that in the 19th century those symbols were pronounced differently . 
  make money again , as in a budget surplus ? 
  what is the biggest divide in irish politics ? 
  that is actually a good idea . 
  less taxes = more money in the pocket for the people = less money lost in the bureaucracy . 
  brought to you by low taxes !, 
  this is falsifying history . 
  the red army was the worst liberating army in recorded history . 
  i 'll do just that - unless you `` liberate '' me faster via occupation . 
  great . 
  the red army was an invader , who raped and plundered their way through half of europe . 
  that is n't liberation . 
  that is a war crime . 
  how can you say that an election is democratic when there are foreign troops present en masse in a country ? 
  i 'd bet my arm that if the red army was n't present in czechoslovakia then , miraculously , the communists would loose . 
  as for benes , you are talking like benes had a choice in this . 
  he was forced to do it . 
  a liberator is someone who sets a slave * free * . 
  yeah , i guess it 's better to be alive than dead , but that is n't a reason to call your new oppressor a liberator . 
  stop calling the invasion by the red army a liberation . 
  no , not at all . 
  you just have to be a pro eu left wing person and everything will be alright . 
  it 's not anti eu . 
  the government just disagrees with the eu on many fronts , but has no wish of leaving the eu . 
  the circle jerk among eu officials continues !, 
  where did development funds come from before there was an european union ? 
  it does n't .
