i am for real . 
  what makes you think otherwise ? 
  putting trump , brexit and le pen in one line with isis and a gay concentration camp is way to hard on the former . 
   if russia ` s will as a sovereign state is to invade poland and march through europe and international laws and customs can in short `` gtfo '' , then why shouldn \u00b4 t russia do just that ? 
  i mean russia is a sovereign and democratic state . 
  well , this is the tragic point . 
  russia totally could try to do it - then only thing that is stopping them is that it would cost them money . 
  it 's better to keep selling gas and oil instead of going to war . 
  international relations are a secondary consideration at best . 
   your gtfo approach pretty much advocates pure international anarchy and domination through the most powerful actors . 
  because only they can actually follow through with that approach . 
  domination through the most powerful actors is exactly the way the world works . 
  it is only hidden behind a thin veil . 
  you speak of russia - russia attacked ukraine . 
  the usa , for example , attacked iraq . 
  france conducted a military operation in libya - those are all recent operations . 
  the most powerful actors do whatever they deem necessary to keep their interests safe . 
  in short , they run the world because there is no place where they can not exert their influence . 
  and none of the most powerful give a damn about how their laws are going to affect other states . 
  they only give a damn if their laws wo n't inhibit their own countries . 
   i am calm paired with  how do you think this shit actually works ? 
  do you have any kind of actual knowledge ? 
  what the fuck are you even asking ? 
  regardless ... 
  the point is that you think that international laws and customs * have to * be taken into account when passing legislation concerning international organizations . 
  that is the point of it all - hungary is a sovereign , democratic state and if hungary wishes to create a law regardless of `` international laws and customs '' then the `` international laws and customs '' can , in short , gtfo , because they are not more important than the will of a sovereign state . 
  thanks for the informative anwser !, 
  why is the finns party considered populist ? 
  calm down bro , no need to get so riled up . 
  putting your insulting manner aside , this discussion is my opinion vs your opinion . 
  i told you from what i derive my opinions - that is all . 
  if that gets you so riled up that you decide to insult me then this discussion is pointless . 
   they are protesting in order to keep a university open and against the meddling of the government in this specific issue . 
  do you truly imagine that people would be protesting if it was n't about a soros-funded univeristy ? 
  listen : i am from poland . 
  i see how protests like this work ( been watching my home political circus closely for over 8 years now ) - 90 % of the people there do n't protest because they arrived at the conclusion that they should , they protest because the media that they consider an authority told them they should protest . 
  it works like this on both sides of the political spectrum , both left and right . 
  i do n't see how this is different . 
   an unaccountable government difference is that orban 's government is by no means unaccountable . 
  the hungarians are free to vote him out of office in the next elections . 
   i do n't know why the hungarian government seems unaware of the constitution of the united states the question is - why should any independent government be aware and tailor their laws and bills to fit the law of another country ? 
  is hungary a colony of the usa ? 
  it 's funny how people see soros as a kind of a philanthropic good guy . 
  after wikipedia : soros criticized hungarian prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n and his handling of the european migrant crisis in 2015 : * his plan treats the protection of national borders as the objective and the refugees as an obstacle . 
  our plan treats the protection of refugees as the objective and national borders as the obstacle * this sentence alone shows what soros thinks about the future of europe and why right-wing people will oppose him and why orban has a beef with soros . 
  regardless of all that , i do not support the protesters in this . 
  * under the law , foreign universities must have campuses in budapest and their home country . 
  the ceu operates in budapest but is the only international college with no overseas branch . 
  foreign universities can henceforth only award degrees in hungary if its government and , in ceu 's case , the united states sign an accord on the matter within six months of the law taking effect * ( source : http://news.trust.org/item/20170404120119-w4j1q ) an independent country may regulate how scientific degrees are awarded . 
  orban is doing just that . 
  if soros so badly needs to keep his university in hungary , then he is free to do so - but under the new law . 
  today weuropean culture is certainly more enriched by immigrants than in eeurope . 
  i totally agree . 
  do n't remember . 
  i do remember one eu official saying that the eu wo n't let the uk become a tax heaven . 
  yeah , but i am always curious how people rationalize their views . 
  the eu criticizing tax cuts is retarded though . 
  what 's so disgusting about it ? 
  can someone from hungary explain what is this poster exactly about ? 
  immigration quotas ? 
  if you are suggesting that poles had anything to do with putting people in camps then you should check your facts . 
  what exactly are you implying ? 
  it could be like that . 
  i do hope that it would be for the courts to decide who gets send to camp . 
  do n't get this messed up . 
  if radical muslims get rounded up into camps it will be for the safety of normal people . 
  ok , unknown . 
  still very highly probable . 
  just like 90 % of things that the eu does . 
  i would certainly welcome it . 
  an `` eastern eu '' , if organized properly on free market values and a realistic approach to issues would be the final nail to the eu 's coffin . 
  so it 's good old political correctness ? 
  any idea why some sources ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/parliament-shooting-latest-news-man-shot-explosions-heard-westminster-london-a7643686.html ) say that the attacker was a middle-aged asian man ? 
  countries are secular , but the immigrants that live in europe are n't . 
  trouble should be expected in the coming years . 
  still , believing tabloids is a matter of stupidity , not age . 
  old people are not the problem . 
  stupid people are the problem . 
  this is the biggest problem of democracy - that there are more stupid voters than smart voters . 
  democracy is very much alive . 
  `` europeans '' just ca n't accept democracy 's results . 
  actually , there are . 
  as tusk was prime minister during the 2010 smole\u0144sk plane crash , in theory he was responsible for the proper handling of the investigation . 
  some say that it was his `` people '' ( i.e. 
  workers who are supervised by the office of the prime minister ) who were responsible for the whole preparation of the smole\u0144sk visit . 
  if evidence is found , he may be charged with - i do n't know the exact term - but let 's say it 's administrative neglect and perhaps dereliction of duty . 
  the second controversy is that when tusk was prime minister for almost 8 years no real reforms were enacted . 
  his long term policy was to keep the people happy by providing their basic needs , while neglecting serious issues . 
  the goal was to keep tusk out of poland - goal achieved in 100 % . 
  `` very popular '' is saying too much . 
  popular enough to win an election is more fitting . 
  rule 1 . 
  never ask others to fix your problems . 
  leader ? 
  really ? 
  donald tusk is the former prime minister of poland . 
  the official reason for the lack of support is because according to pis ( the current ruling party ) tusk was too vocal about polish domestic affairs on the eu forum . 
  unofficially , pis just hates tusk and po ( the former ruling party ) and will sooner die than support him . 
  none , as tusk being re-elected is totally in accord with jk plans . 
  quite popular in poland !,
