i must be missing it , what is the double meaning with those sculptures ? 
  the world really is n't moving backwards . 
  honestly , england has n't been the same since the belgae turned up at our shores , we need to take our country back from those dirty germano-celtic gauls . 
  yeah , those guys are really bitter about it right now . 
  so much for `` respecting the majority vote '' . 
  true . 
  dramatic much . 
  i can imagine extreme nationalists like the edl and ukip gaining popularity , the whole `` making england stong '' demagoguery would be really appealing to most if the union breaks up . 
  scotland has a huge rural community that has n't been involved in any polling or debating , i 'm pretty certain that silent majority will tip the scale . 
  usually living in the country gives you greater insight than people on an internet forum across an ocean . 
  itt : people from an entirely different continent feeling superior to and feel informed enough to make comments about the usa . 
  as much as i hate the holier than thou european stereotype , you 're really making it hard to deny it . 
  putin has lost favour with the chaos gods . 
  this was their dark omen . 
  i 'm sure this thread will be a source of rational and civil discourse . 
  lets call it the british empire , the capital can be ... hmmm how about london ? 
  you can all start bowing down immediately . 
  thanks dave . 
  he 's the longest running heir apparent in history now is n't he ? 
  i 'd hate to have that record ... 
  changing definitions are at the heart of linguistics . 
  eddie izzard + geordie shore basically . 
  we 're living in the future ladies and gentlemen . 
   it would n't be ** reddit ** news . 
  thanks dave . 
  cameron 's britain , ca n't even do fascism right . 
  i can get to all of them fine . 
  blocking the internet ? 
  are you sure it was n't a graphic for the story beneath ? 
  like a what-if scenario ? 
  i do n't think this is correct . 
  did n't they identify themselves as the peoples militia of crimea ? 
  they 're not wearing any emblems or anything . 
  i think it might just be a coincidence . 
  it 's not uncommon to see countries represented by balls in political cartoons and shit . 
  that 's an awfully uncoordinated testudo formation , caesar would be ashamed . 
  a pretty shitty situation on both sides of the protests . 
  protestors setting police on fire with molotov 's , and the police throwing them right back . 
  however , this could just be a one-off circumstance in the picture , and maybe not what the title implies at all . 
  oh yeah , i 'm sorry about that little comment . 
  we have one too . 
  it just is n't on a single piece of paper . 
  the ratio for monarchists to republicans in britain is probably in the margin of 80/20 at minimum . 
  there are hardly any strong republican movements that i know about , and i 've never met a single republican outside of internet discussions ( making this view quite subjective to say the least ) . 
  if they were a lot stronger in this country i probably would agree with you in many of your points , but in current circumstance the situation in regards to the monarchy at the moment seems to be overwhelmingly positive . 
  i have no doubt that this will change the moment elizabeth ii dies , many of us here ca n't really imagine our country without her . 
  my opinions on cameron 's porn laws are in the negative , however i feel that they have been dramatised and exaggerated on reddit and other social media to such an extent that they are now seen as some destroyer of personal freedom , when in reality they are an extra yes/no question in an installation process , with many isp 's refusing any further action . 
  i had quite an interesting discussion regarding the blocks [ a couple of days ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1uav6v/david_camerons_internet_porn_filter_is_the_start/ceg9vim ) ( the parent comment to mine puts it more directly ) , with a more in-depth if out of date look further linked if you 're interested . 
  tourism makes a ton of money . 
  more than enough to make up for the costs of keeping them around . 
  i was talking more about a cultural aspect . 
  as we saw with events such as the willie and kate wedding , the royal family is still a massive force in popular culture whether we like it or not . 
  and to many people i 've met in the commonwealth , the royal family is still seen as a source of national pride and history . 
  i also feel personally that the queen herself also contributes to national stability in one way or another , as she is more often than not seen as a `` champion of the people '' , and seen as quite a progressive when it comes to major issues such as civil rights and democratic values ( a voice of reason in a political system filled with cunts ) , meaning that many trust her to step up if the country starts going to shit internally . 
  quite an extreme unbelievably unlikely example being if dave wanted to pass a law making him supreme protector for life , the queen could refuse to sign the law , causing a constitutional crisis and telling us all that something serious is going down . 
  it 's more symbolic power than anything else , much more different than spain , but then i suppose a couple of parliamentary revolutions will do that to you . 
  as another brit , i disagree . 
  i support the current monarchy , they bring money into the economy and help maintain a strong international reputation . 
  that is until the news is clusterfucked by royal baby pictures though . . 
  in which case i 'm a republican for the day . 
  that 's it . 
  there are been quite a cry for action from random daily mail readers to censor the web after the paedo scare and other such things , so david cameron pretty much satisfied them with as little effort as possible , this is it . 
  it 's also the reason why the daily mail are the only paper to report it majorly , so it seems like they got a victory with something insignificant . 
  i 've been trying to explain the misconceptions with this filter [ for ages ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/1t6e1p/the_porn_block_is_bad_but_the_real_tragedy_will/ce4y45h ) , and yet still people stick to the idea that [ an option in an installation process ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sopbtes.jpg ) is somehow going to destroy the ideals of democracy and freedom in the uk in favour of some kind of fascist dictatorship . 
  hell , people are even comparing this to 1984 !, 
  i 'd say that there generally runs an air of misconception between how people outside of britain views the former empire and how british citizens view it . 
  from my experience , many of the people i 've spoken to generally see the commonwealth of nations as the `` successor '' for lack of a better word of the old empire , and so generally regard it as such . 
  this can of course lead to the thoughts shown in the article , reinforcing the misconception . 
  there is no outrage outside of reddit . 
  it is literally just one click of a button and no blocks , no strings attached whatsoever . 
  cameron 's firewall adds [ this destroyer of freedom ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sopbtes.jpg ) . 
  this map is a few years out of date . 
  chrome and firefox have seen a massive increase in the uk since then . 
  i heard that she was the widow of one of the 7/7 bombers . 
  apparently two of them were american as well . 
  does anyone know ? 
  these are some really interesting statistics , thanks op !, 
  do you have a link to the ad ? 
  i 'm kind of curious . 
  thanks !, 
  i had no idea / r/europe was so euphoric . 
  where can we see the other results ? 
  an unrelated question , could somebody send me a link to the poll that / r/europe did not so long ago ? 
  i it must have been a month or two back and involved questions of sexuality and political opinions and such . 
  however , they do n't have the winter war . 
  i do n't words too well no, 
  in-depth coverage from every news source regarding every little detail about the soldier who was killed . 
  including what he ate , what he wore , his interests and an interview with the priest that married him . 
  people have been saying that for as long as democracy has been around . 
  i do n't agree with her conclusions . 
  toxic masculinity is a pretty major feminist talking point . 
  i know it 's easy for people to dismiss the concept as `` turning men into pussies '' but that shit can and has done real harm . 
   disagreement should be encouraged in order to facilitate a good discussion i would n't go that far , being a reactionary does n't automatically create good discussion . 
  that 's fucking scary . 
  crop the image well enough and people might mistake it for gay furry stuff . 
  hence why we all need to be educated about it . 
  it showed clearly and to the world what can happen if the miracles of industrialisation were turned into a machine of human extermination . 
  i wonder how long it 'll take for it to be taken over by the far right like every other europe or country offshoot sub . 
  https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2016/country-chapters/australia you mentioned bringing in an australia-style system , and yet you complain when i bring up its negative criticisms . 
  yes , more extreme violations happen , but that 's not the topic at hand .
