  it stopped being funny a while ago . 
  but more importantly , we need to make sure that they do n't hold us back too much . 
  they can go sod off if they do . 
  pretty bold coming from a finn . 
  that 's all bullshitty pseudo-scientist jibber-jabber . 
  we build a mountain , the sea 's gon na be so scared that it 'll just go away entirely . 
  drugged up elves , that is . 
  people say this all the time but dutch just sounds like dutch to me , nothing else . 
  i do n't know what a `` drunk '' language sounds like anyway . 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  100 % accurate . 
  but i am missing that little arrow pointing towards trumpistan . 
  what 's this `` corruption '' thing then ? 
  * `` protesting does n't work '' *, 
   but the fact that he is elected should define how we europeans look at the us for the next decades . 
  fairly negatively , in this case . 
  it is n't . 
  but still . 
  france big, 
  that 's not a guy , dude . 
  hehehe . 
  the good shit . 
  the one that has a little obedient bitch called america by it 's side . 
  i agree . 
  we 're the colonists , not the natives . 
  we 're meant to be in charge , it 's our role in the world . 
  make europe gr - ah fuck it , you know the drill . 
  so you meant compromises on their part . 
  not on diplomacy 's or anything . 
  they retire at 55 . 
  a debt 's a debt , so either cut pensions or keep 'em working . 
   the other side is a cramped shopping street . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's wide as hell . 
  how so ? 
  it 's what it looks like in real life . 
  it 's surroundings look great too . 
  damn , dude . 
  that 's epic . 
  compromising ? 
  as in ? 
  greece , italy and spain need to be told to get the fuck to work and give us our money back . 
  compromising , unless i do n't understand you correctly , sounds like the opposite . 
  that 's not irony . 
  yeah , perhaps . 
  but it would be best if no propaganda were to be spread at all . 
  i 'm not gon na be dishonest about a topic like this . 
  i do n't like what the right is doing , there 's a whole slew of things wrong with them , and i think an objective point can be made against their way of spreading propaganda . 
  that 's what you get for fucking with other countries . 
  take their passports away , i say . 
  send them back to syria . 
  we 're seeing a real movement here where everything that was built in the 80s gets torn down and replaced with something much bigger , with more glass . 
  i have no complaints at all about today 's architecture , but i think the two styles should coexist . 
  look at the city of almere , which is nothing but 1980s-2010s architecture . 
  it looks great in it 's own way . 
  i 'm for the ban , but only for right-wing news . 
  while that 's a good-looking building now . 
  my dad mentioned that he hated 30s architecture as a child , whereas it 's generally seen as beautiful now . 
  i wonder if the same will ever be said about what was being built right as my dad was saying that , in the 80s . 
  op , could n't you have posted this a week earlier ? 
  i really needed this !, 
  now i 've had to do all the research myself , and i did a pretty bad job despite how long it took . 
  sandi 's randi scandi . 
  he got tired of it . 
  iirc he was n't even supposed to ever host it in the first place , so after 15 years he was absolutely done with it . 
  they 're both posh old gays . 
  i do n't think the show would work with anyone else in that seat . 
  it means that russians need to gtfo of our elections . 
  does n't matter if it 's true or not . 
  we need to be prepared for hostilities like this . 
  if anything , * we * should be targeting * their * elections . 
  edit : * if anything * . 
  i work in amsterdam . 
  the paleis voor volksvlijt is the only one that does n't bore the hell out of me , and it does n't even exist anymore . 
  but at least there 's skyscrapers in the amstelkwartier , on the zuidas and on zeeburgereiland . 
  either way , the place is overrated . 
  rotterdam has a better skyline but shit people , and in the hague everyone has ugly accents . 
  maybe almere will grow into something interesting . 
  looking good . 
  good luck , guys !, 
  what a beautiful sight . 
  shame about iceland 's baldness though . 
  i do n't mind the americans , honestly . 
  but i am glad that amsterdam keeps the drunk brits away . 
  god , the eiffel tower 's a magnificent piece of work , is n't it ? 
  late 19th century architecture in general was lovely . 
  shame we do n't have anything like it in amsterdam . 
  amsterdam 's just a big bummer . 
  it 's got some houses that every other dutch city has ( except almere lol ) and that 's it . 
  it 's a shit city and it 's about time we plop down a 1000 foot tower in it somewhere . 
  she 's great . 
  i actually enjoy the show * more * now . 
  the style 's just slightly different with sandi hosting . 
  but not too different . 
  god , i love this guy . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  sounds like they have a lot toulouse . 
  i assume flapper style had kinda become mainstream by that point . 
   holland ## fukn wut, 
  looks like someone wants their car set on fire .
