  welp . 
  yeah , me too . 
  fuck knows why . 
  it could n't understand one bit of it , it sounded like total glibberish to me . 
  nonono , * we 're * the ones with the monies . 
  we invented modern capitalism . 
   hitachi __ magic_wand, 
  we 've got ta build a wall , one with a big golden door in the middle . 
  and guns in every shape and size around that door , but a red carpet for those who will be allowed through . 
  found the backseat historian . 
  let 's face it , though - it 's not very hard to recognise a refugee in those parts . 
  for starters , they look different to literally everyone else . 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  i think in concepts that work in their proper form . 
  like marx did with communism , but without the communism . 
  i do n't think in shortcuts , budget cuts , watering down crap , if you go for what i say 100 % there will be a result , and it will either be absolutely fantastic or just kind of meh . 
  i know i do . 
  and i know i 'm on the side that works . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  how is it relevant then ? 
  what the fuck are you doing here ? 
  you 're not supposed to be eavesdropping , american . 
  we 're weak and we need your help , please help us oh big strong america !, 
  that ensures that it wo n't happen , though . 
  nato has nuclear-capable nations , the eu has nuclear , and the current policy is mutually assured destruction ... which means that there 's no likely scenario where any of those nukes are ever used . 
  true , true . 
  if you 're going to point out when a title is wrong on reddit , you might as well do so in every thread . 
  nitpicking does n't prove anything but the fact that you 're an unreliable person . 
  that 's not average by any means and it 's in fact not average anywhere in the world . 
  if you 're confident in making a point , you would n't only be showing me the examples that fit your narrow minded view . 
  yes , it has n't quite worked out yet . 
  i ca n't say i 'm such a big supporter of it because of that . 
  i do n't think socialism and communism are good ideas anyway . 
  but the very lightweight version does work very well . 
  welfare , universal healthcare , government subsidies , paid leave , and in the future the universal basic income . 
  it works , and it works well . 
  that 's how you keep a society healthy . 
  we know the polls are full of shit . 
  at least , most people do . 
  how come you do n't ? 
  and the pvv is n't far right , they 're center-right at worst . 
  they 're anti-immigration ... not anti civil rights and anti personal freedom like the other assholes . 
  because we get tired of your shit . 
  battling stupidity is absolutely exhausting , eventually you just cut it down to short , simple terms . 
  i can see what makes a country work and what does n't . 
  my kind of people work hard , think hard , believe in common sense , believe in the system , believe that there will always be stupidity , but they respect others even if they do n't understand them , and they 're strongly against that kind of stupidity . 
  here 's the deal : i hate the stupid and the naive . 
  i would rather live in a non-free society that makes sense than a free one like ours , where anyone can just say whatever they want . 
  as for those 17 million people , i can tell that many of them are sensible enough . 
  as long as those people vote for what 's right , and as long as they realise that feelings and fake news are bullshit , i think they 're alright . 
  then what are you doing here ? 
  you 're not dutch , you do n't agree with our values . 
  you have no added value to our society . 
  get out , go live in a lesser country like the states . 
  they love regressive morons there . 
  why not both ? 
  makes us stronger . 
   you should feel ashamed of yourself . 
  and why would i do that ? 
  i do n't feel shame for myself unless it 's something that i and i only have control over . 
  i feel ashamed for my country , not for myself . 
  you fail to distinguish between genuine , sincerely held beliefs and propaganda . 
  the former is what makes a society . 
  the latter is trash . 
  i did n't ask you anything ... though yes , i do agree that my capitalism made this country great . 
  the people have shapen a fantastic country with excellent values , and all these , well , * retarded * alt-righters want to do is replace it with a false reality they made in their echo chamber . 
  they want a system of discrimination , of anti-democratic values , of no nuance . 
  if it ai n't broken , do n't fix it . 
  and it 's not broken . 
  i trust the dutch to be sensible and intelligent enough not to make a choice that they are going to regret . 
  there is no one party i fully support , but it feels right to give my vote to the socialist party so that 's what i 'm going to do . 
  authoritarian i ca n't argue , but narcissism is merely a human trait . 
  i love and respect democracy , but i think we need to make sure it keeps working . 
  you have to consider that the political environment is very different between the netherlands and any part of the anglosphere , particularly the us . 
  left there is centre-right here , far left there is center-left/regular left here , and right there is far right extremist here . 
  we 're more liberal , we 're more progressive , we 're very left . 
  you do n't know my values . 
  but i do agree , i 'm right and my values are right . 
  or at least mostly . 
  i ca n't claim i 'm right on everything . 
   i think this is how it is supposed to be . 
  this way peasants will never have a chance and master class will rule as they are destined to rule above peasants such as yourself . 
  that 's classicism , which i support because i 'm on that higher end of society . 
  i am , by definition , a `` leftist '' . 
   defined by what ? 
  our government ? 
  currently we have a left-right broad coalition . 
  the one before was a centre-right coalition . 
  the one before was a centrist . 
  so you switch from american to dutch standards at your convenience ? 
  that 's not doing you any favours . 
  `` leftist '' is not a dutch term , nor is it relevant here . 
  you need to keep others ' views out of our country because it 's corruptive . 
  we do n't need alt-right bullshit here . 
  you people keep using the word `` leftist '' as if you 're not leftists yourself . 
  you 're inherently leftist , you live in a leftist nation . 
  these are our values . 
  if you disagree , you can fuck off . 
   he naive compassion leftist liberals are inclined to have is shocking . 
  ... what .
