  oh look , the premature conclusions are starting to be drawn . 
  and the netherlands as a geographical entity has existed for longer than most other countries , whose territories were split and joined and conquered and stolen hundreds of times during the last ~ 1500 years . 
  all i need to know is that we 're a founding member of both , and that we 're about as european as it gets . 
  and the german automaker lobby is n't shutting it down ? 
  ... there 's a difference ? 
  if you 're not in the eu , you 're not part of the union of european countries . 
  how does that not make sense ? 
  op , you voted leave . 
  you asked for this , and you deserve it . 
  do n't act shocked , it 's a choice * you * made . 
  russia * might be * behind trump . 
  sure . 
  even ol' trump has some left-leaning views . 
  i ca n't say i 'm against that , actually . 
  i have n't really been informing myself but everytime i figure they ca n't be * that * bad , i get proven wrong . 
  yes you can . 
  are we ? 
  but the pvv is not socially conservative , as far as i know . 
  i think they want to uphold our liberties and freedoms , including abortions , assisted suicide , marriage equality etc. 
  of course he was , right-wingers do n't use the terms `` populist '' and `` demagogue '' because there are no such people in the left side of things . 
  so many shit going on in belgium and absolutely nothing up here . 
  i ca n't say i mind , but it certainly is a bit sad . 
  poor belgians . 
  shame . 
  there 's a couple of planned cities but eh , most of it 's farmland . 
  if anything , the sight of a windmill is going to make almere or lelystad * less * depressing . 
  yeah but it 's okay because i agree with them !, 
  b-but i thought we were all one country ? 
  then get the fuck out of my country . 
  for fuck 's sake we 're not all stoners, 
  so not china . 
  and that 's what matters . 
  those other banana republics with unpronounceable names are n't a huge deal . 
  the thing with russia is that it needs to get its alliances sorted . 
  who can they get on their side ? 
  i bet they 'd be proud of that . 
  well , not the actual polish ... but the people who claim to be representing the polish . 
  i 've said it before , but their pm looks evil and that 's reason enough for me to not be surprised at stuff like this . 
  they have 40 million + guns ? 
  damn . 
  it 'd be fun if the parliament voted against brexit now . 
  i wonder what the outcome would be if the uk voted now , for a second time . 
  i 'd say 55-60 % remain . 
  yeah , as if they can all be armed/made dangerous . 
  and as time goes on , that bond will only grow stronger . 
  russians wear western clothes , use western phones , drive western cars , eat at american fast food joints ... you ca n't just undo that . 
   also `` we cant believe we still have to protest this shit '' well ai n't it the truth ? 
  it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  well , economic it is then . 
  of course the ubi thing is something that should only be tried in exceptionally stable economies . 
  we 're the 4th strongest economy in the world , and even we should take caution just `` giving out '' money like that . 
  if we 're talking about being economically conservative but socially liberal , i wonder if the universal basic income is primarily an economical issue or a social one . 
  certainly . 
  haha , at what speed ? 
  that boar would 've disintegrated if it was hit at full speed . 
  yeah but leaves are actually very risky , it might not sound like a good reason for delays but it absolutely is . 
  a liberal conservative ? 
  nice . 
  if that would solve the problem , sure . 
  do we need our governments to take action against sa ? 
  ca n't we just do something ourself ? 
  no it fucking is n't , you fascist fuck . 
  we can solve this in a humane way without killing any rich people . 
  we ca n't really do it either without killing any poor people , but you ca n't have everything . 
  ^ ^ no , ^ ^ feck ^ ^ off, 
   the american variant of english is quiet new quite , but certainly not quiet !, 
  hey !, 
  this future internet safety stuff is super creepy , no matter how good or bad it supposedly is . 
  super , thanks schat < 3, 
  the media would ... the one known for being one of the most objective in the world . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm biased , but anti-european americans are literally trump . 
  anti-american europeans on the other hand , they 're little saints . 
  shh , you 're ruining / r/europe 's *** excellent *** track record of accurately detecting sarcasm ... 
  debts ? 
  what debts ? 
  pay debts, 
  sure was ... but that 's not to say we have n't built anything nice in the last 100 years . 
  because dammit , we have . 
  because of course there is !, 
  but if you cause me annoyance , i have the right to express it however i please . 
  nope . 
  we 're all just better off if we do n't bitch about anything unless it 's * really * affecting us personally . 
  why would any white person be protesting * against * their own interests ? 
  people in general just need to shut the fuck up . 
  * especially * hypocrites . 
  well holland is historically the most important bit . 
  holland is where the largest cities grew , where trade flourished , and today it 's still the wealthiest and most populated part . 
  it covers like an eighth of the country , but well over a third of the population lives there . 
  ** amsterdam is not the whole country for fuck 's sake . 
  ** ** and nor is holland . 
  honestly , it 's only making me like black people * less * . 
  thus proving my theory that merkel actually is a german clone of clinton . 
  thank fuck . 
  see , the thing with people who are absolutely 100 % wrong is that they do n't have arguments . 
  christians , conservatives , trump voters and other white trash , they never tell us * why * , because they ca n't . 
  the www was a british invention , and it is universally agreed on that the www means as much as `` the internet '' . 
  arpanet was cute , but it does n't count . 
  and no , i do n't feel like a hypocrite . 
  there 's no such thing as hypocrisy when dealing with americans . 
  maybe i 'd feel like a hypocrite if anything but this website was american .
