  ... what does got have to do with iceland ? 
  wow , prewarsaw looks beautiful . 
  it 's easy to forget just how horrible that stuff is . 
  especially the bataclan thing . 
  what exactly happened there , i do n't want to know . 
  i stand corrected , the best option is to kill them while they 're still there . 
  we 're never going to achieve anything with that attitude . 
  that 's the same kind of attitude that got the jews exterminated in ww2 , and the same attitude that had the gays and the blacks being treated like shit well into the modern era . 
  you need to care . 
  easier , sure , but not better in any other way . 
  there 's no way they 're gon na be advocating terrorism after they 've experienced it firsthand , especially not if years of prison and government programs creep inbetween . 
  it would be easier to have them die there , but think of the success story it * could * be . 
  those kids grew up in the cozy west , they 're not made to handle the kind of stuff they 've seen out there . 
  they 're gon na have ptsd and whatnot . 
  you bring them back here , make them feel sorry and bam , terror scare of the decade averted . 
  honestly , i think the europeans should just rot away in prison ... kids probably did n't know what they signed up for in the first place . 
  we 'll be nice and make sure it 's a prison in their home countries . 
  they 're not being aggressive enough , imo . 
  probably . 
  you 're always welcome to become a province . 
  or five . 
  good , i like beef . 
  does n't surprise me ; it says we 're the best at something . 
  ca n't always be finland . 
  hey fuck you buddy , that truth might hurt but at least it 's not as painful as your roads !, 
  anything goes , as long as it makes you money . 
  do n't worry , we do too . 
  some of these * really * hurt . 
  not for me , thankfully . 
  none in particular , but i do think that guys should be able to say stuff about women when no one 's gon na hear it . 
  because let 's face it - trump had good reasons to assume those words would never surface . 
  for me personally , it 's a very difficult situation . 
  i wo n't want to agree with these populist right-wing politicians , but when a trump is found saying certain things about women , or a wilders is heard wanting less moroccans , i ca n't really disagree . 
  now of course they both took it a bit far , but it 's still a terribly difficult thing . 
  again ? 
  / r/russiadenies, 
  i do n't know , why are you not ? 
  let 's face it , it 's both . 
   also , what has being german to do with my ability to understand your argument ? 
  you have no sense of humour . 
  that 's the problem . 
  you do n't get the point because you 're german . 
  if you were to murder all of * one person * , it would n't be genocide . 
  yeah but if you were to murder all of one person , it would n't be genocide . 
  ah , never mind . 
  you 're german . 
  if i were to get `` systematically exterminated '' , everyone would just call it murder . 
  because that 's what you call it when all of one person is murdered . 
  nah , he 's definitely aware that he made the wrong choice . 
  you can hear it . 
  no way , 80s fashion was awesome . 
  totally due for a major comeback . 
  nosop3 once posted that a `` masscare was planned on lowlands '' , by which they meant that they were gon na spray some mosquitoes . 
  not sure what thatcherism exactly is , but the 80s gave us the best pop culture of all time . 
  yeah , who thinks of the 80s as a bad decade ? 
  and yet the nos will not hesitate to make that unclear , for clickbaiting purposes . 
  we have two ? 
  i only know america . 
  only this time it will probably be rednecks , ukip voters and other xenophobes leading the crusade . 
  there has to be a small town in bumfuck nowhere , usa called france . 
  that sounds a bit holocaust-y . 
  it 's the rules . 
  last time i checked they did n't like rulebreakers very much . 
  but let 's face it - you 're not gon na have a great time in nk even if you 're abiding by all of them . 
  i 'm sure they 'll have a great time in north korea , where all religion is illegal . 
  out !, 
  out !, 
  get the fuck out !, 
  get them out , take their fucking coats !, 
  yeah . 
  yeah , that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  spain have a reputation for being lazy asses but that 's not the part of europe i 'm talking about . 
  * south and/or east * . 
  not * west and a little bit of south * . 
   i honestly do not understand why you would argue against this . 
  i do n't see why a bit of frustration from others would stop anyone from making money . 
  i mean , the fuck do i care , it 's my money . 
  i 've been there . 
  i 've seen the news . 
  how do i know you 're as knowledgeable as i am ? 
  that 's because south - and eastern europeans get their work and leisure mixed up . 
  we spend the most time on leisure , and the reason we spend less hours at work is because * we get shit done * . 
  we do n't slack , we 're not corrupt , we do n't retire at 32 , we work our asses off for 40 hours a week and then live our lives . 
  stealing involves taking the original so that it 's no longer there . 
  the concept of theft is impossible here . 
  like piracy , it 's unwanted reproduction . 
  not stealing . 
  i do n't blame the guy , we all want money . 
  being nice is optional , wanting munnie is not . 
  so it turns out that - europeans do n't like lgbt adoption nearly as much as you 'd think - sex is absolutely vital to a marriage , 95 % of europeans say - humanity trying to interfere with nature is disastrous , everyone ( except the dutch ) says - south/eastern europeans value their leisure time less , which is quite ironic considering they allow themselves a lot of it - some of the happiest people in mainland europe are the dutch , even though our neighbors are all a lot less satisfied, 
  hm , you 're right . 
  but the car industry is very conservative and wo n't give up it 's fossil fuels without a fight . 
  edit : i stand corrected . 
  does it ? 
  i 'm not getting any answers here . 
   parts of russia and turkey are in europe . 
  only civilized countries get to be in europe . 
  okay , makes sense . 
  and if i say that russia and turkey are in neither , would i be correct ? 
   i 'm starting to feel you 're a troll .
