  every thing that made your country successful came from europe . 
   but americans do n't like being subject to laws we did not create nor recognize have you ever considered that that goes both ways ? 
  we do n't want your bullshit either . 
  we do n't want your hazardous foods , your low-brow tv , your fake made-up freedom , your brainwashed patriotic bullshit . 
   i would not get on your moral high horse when there are still people alive today who remember the colonial atrocities you committed . 
  we do n't , and we 're the only country involved that is n't a shithole . 
   besides from our perspective your basically kidnapping our boys . 
  from our side you 're basically a cancer on our planet that needs to be put in it 's place . 
  what 's up with you americans wanting to trigger world war iii ? 
  i simply do n't get it . 
  is n't may that guitar dude from queen ? 
  does n't it depend on where the crime was committed ? 
  we do recognise the icj ( we host it , obviously ) so if the crime was committed in a territory that does ( or in a territory that does n't explicitly not recognise it ) we have jurisdiction . 
  believe it or not , but when i , as a dutchman , go online , dutch laws apply to me . 
  not american laws , regardless of what the americans might claim . 
  yes , and clockwork . 
  mostly they just kick and shout and disturb and occasionally , they get something right . 
  no , it actually tastes of chocolate and cheese . 
  who 's may again ? 
  i 'd honestly forgotten dave ever left . 
  that 's actually a good thing , thinking about it . 
  the less you hear about a pm , the better . 
  trying an american would be one thing ( which i obviously support , criminals are criminals ) , but the us invading the hague would be on a completely different scale . 
  one is merely a provocative action , the other is an act of war against an ally . 
  one could anger diplomats , the other could trigger a trans-atlantic war . 
   i dont even know ho to respond to your last point . 
  you 're basically saying that the first instance of something does n't count in a discussion about who invented it . 
  exactly . 
  a primitive or early form of something is absolutely not the same as the real thing itself . 
  russell designed a very early , rough prototype for optical data storage on foil . 
  not at all the same thing as the cd . 
  william bourne came up with a general design , but never made sure it would actually work to any degree . 
  a direct recreation of his design sank . 
   cd wad american the cd was co-developed by philips and sony , neither of which are american companies . 
  the cd initiative was started by philips ' audio division . 
   the submarine was greek/english/american / french depending on what define a submarine as . 
  cornelius drebbel , a dutchman , built the first navigable ( and thereby useful/functional ) submarine in 1620 . 
   same sex marriage was first recorded in the roman empire . 
  once again , you 're assuming that the very first experimental instance of a certain phenomenon or object officially counts as the first of it 's kind , and that the first person to craft something that resembles a later well-known invention is actually the inventor of said object or concept . 
  i do n't believe in this , and i also happen to believe that it was n't the vikings who discovered america . 
  we became the first existing country to abolish marriage inequality in 2001 . 
  we would n't be here without the world wide web , so shut your pie hole . 
  i got a few things mixed up , my bad . 
  i meant sms , not wifi . 
  and i meant the cd , not the dvd . 
  the first functional submarine was built by a dutchman . 
  we did n't invent the vhs , but we did invent the yacht , the speed camera , the internal combustion engine ( apparently ) , and the national anthem . 
  wikipedia also claims we invented same-sex marriage , but i do n't really consider that an invention . 
  we were the first , though . 
   what is us gon na do to him ? 
  you 're best off not asking that question . 
  in case of clinton , expect sanctions . 
  in case of trump , expect nuclear annihilation . 
  should n't have invented the internet now , huh ? 
  oh no wait , that 's an american-british joint development with dutch contributions . 
  that 's called envy . 
  the telescope , the microscope , the submarine , the stock exchange . 
  vhs . 
  dvd . 
  wifi . 
  not to mention agriculture and waterline defense that may prevent billions around the world from dying this century . 
  all pioneered by the dutch . 
  [ dutch inventions and discoveries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_dutch_inventions_and_discoveries ) is one of the longest articles on wikipedia and opens with * `` the netherlands , despite its comparatively modest size and population , had a considerable part in the making of the modern society . 
  [ ... ] dutch-speaking people , in spite of their relatively small number , have a significant history of invention , innovation , discovery and exploration . 
  yeah , instead they introduced some sort of bullshitty law they could never enforce , just to give the un and thereby most of the us ' allies the finger . 
  * edit : * the `` the hague invasion act '' . 
  of course , we 're the dutch . 
  we 're like a tiny dwarf america , and our significance in the world is very disproportionate to our size . 
  barely . 
  you must be going to the wrong amsterdams , rotterdams and the hagues . 
  you do n't demand anything from the us . 
  you do n't mess with the us . 
  even our all-mighty the hague knows this . 
  that 's not really a problem here unless you go into the bible belt . 
  but you do n't , so it 's not a problem . 
  mandatory religious education ? 
  we just call that `` alienating theists and making fun of their beliefs '' ... even if they 're in the classroom . 
  it 's kinda mean , but i do n't really care enough to make a point of it . 
  not a week ago i wondered if there ever will be a way to wake up comatose patients . 
  ( i reasoned that there * might * be by 2030 . ), 
  god damn , science works fast . 
  i think he 's going a bit far in likening erdogan to hitler but in essence , he 's using it for his own political gain much like hitler did . 
  / r/upliftingnews tells me otherwise . 
  and while we 're at it , so does / r/politics . 
  exactly , i 've never felt the need to punch a black person in the face before . 
   if noone takes the train , you wo n't need a train . 
  trains are way too cool to not exist , though . 
  are you seeing ugly cars in this picture ? 
  i sure as hell am not . 
  can not into space . 
  you 're not helping . 
  listen , listen - we 're way past facts here . 
  we 're into * feelings * territory . 
  the last time someone siding with the north korean authorities pointed a gun at someone , most likely . 
  if we 're talking about terrorism , * the use or threatened use of violence ( terror ) in order to achieve an [ ... ] ideological aim * , north korea is plagued by terror . 
  i hate the stuff , but i 've never * had * to eat it on anything . 
  i eat whatever the hell i want , but nothing does n't come without pindasaus . 
  i learnt about this from orange is the new black . 
  there 's this one scene where one of the characters explains the benefit of abortions ( as legalized in the us by roe v. wade in 1973 ), 
  it 's not really terrorism if no one dies and if only a few people are hurt .
