  they 're too cocky for that ... and for once , i totally agree with them . 
  it was nice knowing you , christmas dinner . 
  signed , the west, 
  yup , but we do n't really care . 
  you 'd be surprised how often americans are called fat and stupid here ... we like to generalize . 
  is that really a type of sauce ? 
  here 's a question - why do n't you guys eat your fries with mayo ? 
  i know . 
  i have many weird opinions like that . 
  i have kind of a totally irrational dislike of linux . 
  i do n't really like what it stands for and i do n't really like the people who use it . 
  i 'm a big fan of windows , i guess . 
  fuck , really ? 
  uh , no ... 
  fuck no , then how am i supposed to use the internet ? 
  my phone runs on google , i watch and use google for hours every day . 
  really ? 
  i use yanks for all americans . 
  op , you fucking piece of shit . 
  i did n't need to know that and i did n't want to . 
  exactly , there 's absolutely nothing to be scared of , much less to keep in mind while living your free and safe life . 
  can confirm , we do n't . 
  they say * heyyyyy * , not hello . 
  [ neat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pzk2cmd0bq&amp;ab_channel=justtheclip ) reference . 
  ah yes , our christmas tree . 
  it 's our way of telling the sea to go fuck itself . 
  the maastoren at ~ 165m in rotterdam . 
  they 're building a 210m building at the moment . 
  entirely straight dykes ? 
  that 's pretty contradictory . 
  good point . 
  you do n't even need to speak dutch to work and/or live here . 
  are you seriously implying flodder is n't the greatest reason you 'll ever need to learn dutch ? 
  why not learn dutch ? 
  i hear amsterdam is very popular with businesses . 
  yeah , it 's fucking awful . 
  i would n't go near it if i were you . 
  i wish i were strong enough to not be bothered by stuff like that . 
  but i 'm not , and tons of others are n't either , so no , i 'm not the one who 's going to have to walk away . 
  i do n't like your comment either - but i ca n't imagine just ignoring it . 
  then i guess i 'm not a supporter of freedom of speech . 
  why ? 
  why spread lies and with it , hate ? 
  people do n't wan na hear it , and they should n't have to . 
  i have n't been on facebook since last year . 
  i 'm not posting my face on reddit until it 's fully obscured by filters . 
  my profile pic has #prayforparis overlaid on top of #lovewins and #jesuischarlie . 
  well , you would n't be wrong to think that . 
  at mind , yes . 
  * hehe , boobs . 
  and ? 
   while i 'm heavily pro-eu , we should ~ ~ n't ~ ~ reduce the leave-voters to a bunch of xenophobic racists . 
  even though i think the uk voted incorrectly , the leave side has ~ ~ many ~ ~ no valid concerns . 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm glad to hear that . 
  ca n't wait for sexit . 
  it was n't embarrassing for us . 
  we spoke out , the rest of europe ignored us . 
  [ it 's like the netherlands , but somewhere else . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/rjj1jcaffcm ), 
  you forgot your / s tag . 
  there 's been troublemakers . 
  they do n't get much support , but they 're there . 
  in fact , their party ( pvv ) is very visible and the typical pvv voter is now a stereotype every dutchman is familiar with . 
  one nation ... only germany wants that . 
  no one 's in it for that . 
  freedom of movement and easy trade , that 's what it 's about . 
  i 'm strongly in favour of the euro but i do n't think any more countries should adopt it . 
  i can imagine the pissy nationalists will get pissier - as always - but a nexit will be shot down immediately . 
  not only would the public vote remain en masse ... but our politics would n't allow it in the first place . 
  no , it 's because we have a strong and natural desire for trade and freedom . 
  exactly . 
  well , it 's what they 're going to get . 
  there is n't and we wo n't . 
  he 'll be remembered as the guy who fucked the uk . 
  the only good news today . 
  we love 'em when britain sends it 's people , it sends it 's best . 
  ... i forgot i those . 
  that makes it more difficult , does n't it ? 
  that must be the randstad and milan you 're seeing , amongst other places . 
  actually , belgium is one big light here . 
  how can you know that ? 
  i have family in canada , i 'll go live in their basement . 
  canadians are nice , and i 'm white - they wo n't deport me . 
  if you claim something like that , you have to go through with it . 
  a nexit is very unrealistic , but if it did happen i would n't want to share a country with leavers . 
  this is the year of peace , love and unity and yet the eu is falling apart and an oompa loompa with a sugar candy wig is the best america has to offer outside of your grandpa and your psychopath great aunt . 
  i do n't do lies . 
  this is no joking matter . 
  eu or bust . 
  that 's nice . 
  i know where i 'm going this summer . 
  you 're always welcome here . 
  we love our refugees , do n't we people ? 
  we have the best refugees . 
  well , their economy 's gon na be in deep shit now . 
  i do n't understand how the british have been this short-sighted and unwise . 
  thank god . 
  if that were to happen i 'd move to canada . 
  why not ?
