  you claim to be dutch , why do you sound like a trump supporter ? 
  no shame . 
  it 's * very * tasty . 
  only takes 14 minutes as well . 
  yeah , let 's . 
  by all means . 
  if you 're gon na call someone else names , better make sure they 're appropriate . 
  and yet it looks great here . 
  dark reds , greys , maybe dull blues , but mostly wood , stone , concrete and lots of glass . 
  repainting a building is only the cheap option , the proper one is to completely redo the exterior . 
  cappuccino and pistachios sounds wonderful in terms of colour schemes . 
  yes it is , and i 'm aware . 
  i 'm also aware that i do n't fully agree with my original comment . 
  but i do think that a neutral , generic colour scheme does more for a building than flashy stripes and bold colours . 
  just , you know , paint it white or grey or brown or reddish , or preferably a combination of those , and you 're good . 
  i actually like the bright red one , it stands out . 
  scandinavian architecture is beautiful because it is simple . 
  stone , wood , glass , a bit of concrete and that 's it . 
  no artificial colouring or flavouring . 
   that is exactly why syriza got elected in the first place . 
  that argument is dead horse and y' all need to stop beating it . 
  you sound like a fucking trump supporter . 
  and the only place a trump supporter should be is in fucking jail for fascism . 
   also using stereotypes as an argument seems borderline racist in some cases there needs to be a race factor for that . 
  just mentality ( lazy southerners vs. efficient northerners ) wo n't do . 
  true . 
  it does look a * tiny bit * better , but i think it 'd helped more if they 'd just painted the thing over in it 's original colours . 
  white , bordeaux red/copper , it could look pretty good . 
  they make us look bad . 
  it 's our money . 
  we 're not your friendly neighborhood commies . 
  we 're the dutch , we 're your rich old uncle . 
  we will lend you money , but you better fucking put it to good use or give it all back ... with interest , preferably . 
  i did n't know germans waste precious time on storytelling ... that is n't very efficient , now is it ? 
  yes they can , if that 's how long it 'll take for them to pay back our money . 
  you know what , and this is something that is n't very well understood in eastern europe ... bright colours and patterns do n't make anything less cheap or depressing . 
  it 's very , very fake . 
  those both look a lot nicer though . 
  even cheap housing looks way better in america or sweden than in russia . 
  i did like the alternative ending . 
  the peaceful , happy one . 
  especially because it did n't allow for a sequel . 
  t w a t, 
  shit , i did n't know we were so far down . 
  that 's haunted me for many years , and it will always haunt me . 
  fuck that scene in it 's beautiful and glorious but horrifying face . 
  nobody participated . 
  well a skull and hair is pretty good , but for most of those people we only have man-made representations of their face . 
  even a skull can only tell us so much about their face , their skin , their eyes and whatnot . 
  one photograph , even just one of questionable quality , can give us a much better impression . 
  though it 's obviously not a huge issue anyway . 
  painters got pretty good in the century or two before the camera made it 's introduction . 
  but for most of the rest of history ... 
  but they all were in the day . 
  and it 's amazing how much realer historical figures get once you 've seen an actual photograph of them . 
  just think about it - we have no idea how most of history 's great people * actually * looked . 
  i bet you get a lot of dark , lonely nights in finland . 
  nah , it 's the other way around . 
  i hope . 
  [ i found my homeland !, 
  ] ( http://res.cloudinary.com/urbandictionary/image/upload/a_exif,c_fit,h_200,w_200/v1396913907/vtimxrajzbuard4hsj78.jpg ), 
  wait , what the fuck ? 
  i thought that was our thing . 
  would n't risk it , you being american and all ... 
  passion . 
  fiery passion . 
  it was a dark time for the sims because ts4 was raping the franchise in every hole it had . 
  i was a little too keen on reminding everyone of that , apparently . 
  or something . 
  i know exactly what was going on and why they did n't appreciate having me , but i did n't really give a shit . 
  i do now , because you ca n't just keep creating new accounts all the time , but whatever . 
  nowadays i think i 'd just try to have a lovely time with everyone and have a bit of snarky banter about ts4 from time to time . 
  either way , that was n't my first subreddit ban and not nearly my last . 
  i have strong opinions on stuff , it runs in the family . 
  i can only pretend not to have them , but even when i try my very hardest not to express them , it still happens sometimes . 
  i mean , i used to be in this `` secret '' group of other people who also * really * hated ts4 , and i mean like proper full-on resentment , and they kicked me out as well . 
  so i guess it 's a broader issue . 
  but hey , i just try again . 
  everytime . 
  every subreddit . 
  eventually they 'll stop caring and let me in again . 
  might be a while , but i 've got the time . 
  this account got banned from / r/thesims , yup . 
  how come you know ? 
  yup . 
  what 's a reality tv star doing in the white house ? 
  i mean , how the actual fuck do you elect someone without an extensive history in politics ? 
  that 's a recipe for disaster , the guy knows less about running a country than i do . 
  i mean , he might have some clue by now but when he first ran for president i bet he was expecting it to be like the sims or some shit . 
  well i wish we could say the same about western society . 
  we 've let ourselves go too much and now the bottom end of society thinks their opinions are just as appropriate as the rest 's . 
  you treat fire , political correctness , with water , `` free speech '' , but you pour so much water over the fire that everyone drowns . 
  maybe it 's better to have the fire put out by people who actually know what the fuck they 're doing . 
  oh look , it 's right-wing copypasta . 
  for when actual coherent thought is too much effort . 
  let me tell you about something that 's actually fascist - eugenics . 
  banning the stupid , the populists and their kids ( the alt-righters ) in particular , from reproducing until they can prove they 're not actually live , talking cans of spam . 
  sounds great in theory . 
   hate speech is speech that offends , threatens , or insults groups , based on race , color , religion , national origin , sexual orientation , disability , or other traits . 
  so i have no fucking clue about the meaning of bigotry , but meanwhile you have an even bigger cluelessness about the meaning of hate speech ?
