  hey but do n't forget that if wilders is going to maak nederland groot opnieuw , he 's gon na do it in 2017 . 
  that 's \\ #jesuissicily, 
  ah yes okay thanks, 
  yeah but the american way of being great is not something any country * wants * to be . 
  which gets no traffic and exists only to be petty . 
   european countries dont think they are great countries in the world wait hold the fuck up we are . 
  true , true . 
  sure thing , buddy . 
  yeah , it may be . 
  you 're kinda right . 
  if things keep going like this it 's going to be the century of stupidity . 
  i 've said it before , but i 'm not too fond of the stupid . 
  sorry , the mentally less capable . 
  i do like the danes . 
  `` that limited scope '' does not necessarily mean the exact same set of countries . 
  let 's not have the sicilians , but let 's have scandinavia . 
  ... that makes no sense at all . 
  i honestly wish europe still had that limited scope . 
  hi , i 'm not colorizebot but i 'll send you his colorization anyway . 
  cb was trained to color b & w photos ( not comics or rgb photos !, 
  please do not abuse him , he has digital feelings :{ } ) . 
  this is his attempt to color your image , here you go : http://i.imgur.com/eh6ymfm.jpg if you called the bot and did n't get a response , pm cb 's overlords and help them make it better . 
  [ first two weeks gallery and statistics ] ( http://www.whatimade.today/two-weeks-of-colorizebot-conclusions-and-statistics/ ) [ for full explanation about this bot 's procedure ] ( http://whatimade.today/our-frst-reddit-bot-coloring-b-2/ ) [ full code for the brave ones ] ( https://github.com/dannyvai/reddit_crawlers/tree/master/redditbotcolorize ) [ the awesome algorithm cb 's using ] ( http://richzhang.github.io/colorization/ ), 
  welcome to germany . 
  well let 's just hope that we do n't fuck it up as bad this time . 
  actually , i 'm sure it wo n't be * as bad * . 
   it looks like the future except in the past . 
  / r/retrofuturism, 
  i wish this was a transport fever screenshot instead of a real picture . 
  definitely the former . 
   it 's not so appealing , you could sabotage the process of learning . 
  such a shame how that one turned out . 
  could 've been such an awesome thing . 
  oh , of course . 
  makes sense ... so it 's up to the devs to train it . 
  shame . 
  neural networks are incredibly cool , i think we should all have access to them so they can learn . 
  i 'd love to see an nn like this get better over time . 
  a giant blue hole in the ground with blurry buildings in the background . 
  and it gets better over time , does n't it ? 
  how come all these alt-right guys have weird , blonde hair ? 
  you know what , maybe it 's helping them . 
  i wonder when erdogan is going to shut the fuck up about countries he has no say over . 
  that 's what the dykes are for . 
  nethermark . 
  it has been settled . 
  and to other games , and movies in general . 
  i personally do n't do mmorpgs . 
  `` could of '', 
  geographically speaking , yeah . 
  so they 'll put a camera in each vehicle and one guy behind a computer setup to supervise 10 of them . 
  anyone who does something weird has their vehicle halted immediately and is expected to leave . 
  yeah but that wo n't work in other , * lesser * countries . 
  no shit . 
  they 're not even green . 
  and yet we still do n't have our euromonies back . 
  today we actually build really good-looking ugly blocks . 
  and remember , these old buildings you all seem to like so much were only for the elite . 
  these new buildings , they 're for everyone . 
  nah , you do n't mean that . 
  i really like that futurism , it contrasts really well with century-old low-rises . 
  oh , so that 's why german buildings look so plain . 
  i love that look , it 's both old and modern at the same time . 
  am i the only one who prefers these newer buildings ? 
  let 's say you just bought a t-shirt in america for 10 dollars . 
  what did you spend ? 
  10 bucks . 
  or , if you 'd bought it in the uk , 10 quid . 
  in australia , perhaps you would 've spent 10 dollarydoos . 
  but in the eurozone , what did it cost you ? 
  not 10 bucks . 
  we 're not americans . 
  but not 10 euros either , because that just sounds stupid . 
  so that 's the thing , there 's no informal terms for the euro . 
  it 's a new thing and most europeans will remember not having it , so there 's no old-timey , informal names for it . 
  i could n't have spent `` tien piek '' on that shirt , like i could 've if i bought it before the year 2002 . 
  so we need to come up with something . 
  because this sucks . 
  i like the vrt journaal and the channel 4 news intros . 
  contemporary news intros are n't my specialty though , i 'm more of an 80s guy when it comes to tv branding . 
  yes , i 've read that comic a million times . 
  why the hell not ? 
   it 's nice , if you 're into extremely cheesy and magical places . 
  does that count ? 
  i like the idea of a joint army . 
  we are number one !, 
  nope . 
  i still want to go to bruges because of that film . 
  from the uk , that sorta size . 
  we should be bigger , there should be more of us . 
  i 'm quite fond of klm , so i only fly transavia on short flights . 
   but it 's linked to apartheid in africa and extreme right groups in general . 
  the flag has a bad image nowadays , unfortunately . 
  til . 
  but i 'm just gon na say that 's blm bullshit for agenda purposes . 
  ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  we have the best flag on the planet earth so no , we do n't need it changed . 
  could do with more orange though . 
  i do n't know if i agree , but i know i do n't disagree . 
  no and no .
