  of course , i 'm an idiot for not thinking of that !, 
  good luck with that . 
  maybe somewhere deep into scandinavia ? 
  ours is gon na be difficult . 
  oh , height . 
  we 're also the tallest people on earth . 
  totally forgot about that . 
  thanks for the reminder , shorty . 
  well yeah , there is n't anything to look up to , besides scandinavians maybe . 
  when you 're this high up on all the rankings , there is n't a whole lot going on above you . 
  thank god , yes . 
  it 's like america , but not shit . 
  they 're not european . 
  what they are , i do n't know . 
  french makes sense . 
  or at least , it would if the french themselves did . 
  okay , til . 
  so biden originally ran against obama ? 
  no , not simple . 
  it 's bloody awful . 
  terrible idea , let 's just let it be an l with a weird pronounciation . 
  the dutch never ran america either , but we sure as hell colonised the place . 
  yeah , you can just say that but just saying shit does n't make it more or less true . 
  you 're not a trading post though are you ? 
  it 's the only one that makes sense . 
  i do n't know where the urals are , but you 're wrong . 
  thanks . 
  love you too . 
  tell that to the sexual assault victims in germany and sweden . 
  your argument being ? 
  sounds about right . 
  why do you hate the european identity ? 
  cool story , but they do n't belong . 
  they 're not europeans . 
  they 're not asians either , so god knows what they are . 
  europe ends somewhere between poland and romania . 
  no it 's not . 
  well it should be . 
  asia is fucking massive and one corner of it bears zero resemblance to any other . 
  i think it 's cute how worked up people can get over it . 
  but hey , we all have our things . 
  the difference being , of course , that my hobbies do n't make me blow up and destroy public property . 
  there 's plenty of bureaus and agencies to sign up for here , but it 'll take you 10 years at the least because they have to decide everything first . 
  it would be big deal , sure , if football was . 
  actually pronouncing it like * lodge * , that 's what makes sense . 
  that 's what dutch india was for . 
  i ca n't believe you * buitenlanders * do n't have sambal , krupuk and nasi goreng . 
  i found that out recently . 
  what 's wrong with you people ? 
  [ wikipedia has a list of things we brought the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_dutch_inventions_and_discoveries ) . 
  it 's the 3 ^ rd largest page on the whole site . 
  check-fuckin-mickety-mate . 
  except it is n't . 
  0 % of europe is in russia because russia being european is bullshit . 
  asia 's a bullshit continent anyway . 
  it 's way too large and diverse to be a single continent . 
  it 's not about being first , it 's about being best . 
  unless it 's about the dutch , in which case we 'll just go for both . 
   ethnic russians are east slavs like ukrainians and belarusians . 
  would you consider ukraine and belarus also not european ? 
  yeah , absolutely not . 
  they 're too far away , their languages and histories are too different , and their living standard is too low . 
  poland , hungary , croatia etc i can totally deal with , but why do n't we just add kazakhstan and whateverthefuckistan to the eu if we 're so bent on having everyone ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  they 're not europeans , just like the turkish are n't . 
  though they 're less un-european than the turkish , which are also not entirely un-european . 
  yeah , we were having religious problems of our own . 
  plus , keeping religion out of business must 've been a good idea even then . 
  no one said anything about controlling . 
  we built outposts there . 
  if that is n't colonization , i do n't know what is . 
  true , and i agree , but politically it does n't make sense . 
  well that 's fucked up . 
  holy shit , i did . 
  that was really quick even by bot standards . 
  make america great britain again oh and also , i do n't think the brits would mind having biden . 
  i still think russia should n't be considered europe . 
  for starters , it 's mostly asian . 
  the only part that counts is tiny , like in canada . 
  and that part is n't very european either . 
  it 's wrong , the dutch have been in japan . 
   in the west , we keep our attention on the city of rome long after it had become a backwater , mainly for reasons of religious history . 
  do n't care . 
  it 's about rome to me . 
  it 's the roman empire , not the constantinopolian empire . 
   their goal is to undermine west , democracy and freedom . 
  they want you to stop believe leaders of the free world , they want you to become racist xenophobic bigot . 
  exactly . 
  i ca n't believe how oblivious people are . 
  they 're undermining and despite all the facts and evidence being shoved into our faces on a daily basis , it 's not issue # 1 . 
  so that 's what they mean when they say political correctness is bad . 
  i mean , i should n't feel ashamed to say that diversity is the one i would n't pick in this case . 
  real funny , but i 'm not gon na trust the kremlin 's bullshit any more because you joke about russian election interference and north african rapists like it 's the same thing . 
  what , like the new silk road ? 
  china-europe railways are all the rage these days . 
  does n't count . 
  constantinople is n't rome . 
  dude , your defensiveness is unsettling and weird . 
  stop it . 
   i 'm talking about the one where they invaded rome , killed people , raped women , stole shit , and generally tore the place up .
