  it was the nos , who are generally known for being accurate and objective . 
  edit : i 've looked it up . 
  remember grexit ? 
   lol . 
  please learn how to troll better . 
  cool insult but i 'm not making anything up here . 
  this is what was said and discussed . 
  and yet that was very much the plan at the time . 
  daily , if not hourly news reports on what was going to happen to greece . 
  perhaps the country itself would be split up and sold to it 's neighbors after we 'd sold off all the real estate , banks , infrastructure and whatnot . 
  because if your money is ours , which it was ( and likely still is ) , and your assets are not only ours but funded with our money , then you 're ours . 
  i would , and i 'd use trumpolini/twitler as an example . 
  cool story . 
  i 'm the sexy single in my area . 
   do n't visit then . 
  also do n't employ greeks in your jobs cause they are `` lazy , stubborn and arrogant '' . 
  that cartoon sums up perfectly what the media tells you . 
  good job !, 
  and , by your logic , let 's turn the clock back to 2014 , sell off half the country , and then kick it out of the eu for good . 
  it 'd certainly be a major relief to us . 
  they 're on a different scale to you and me . 
  we hate and lie , but only trivially . 
  we were fucking the invaders up pretty bad for the first few days ... and then we kinda ran out of defenses . 
  of course it was , / u/conducteur wrote it . 
  he 's / r/thenetherlands 's train guy . 
  i like our traditions too , and i do n't agree with the outrage , but i acknowledge that it 's legitimate . 
  that people might genuinely be offended by it , like we are by bull fights in spain or this sexist archaic bullshit in greece . 
  greece as a whole is a place we do n't like very much , though . 
  it 's the mentality . 
  you guys are seen as lazy , stubborn and arrogant . 
  [ this cartoon sums it up . 
  ] ( http://greeknewsnetwork.com/file/2015/07/dutch-cartoon.png ) and yeah , people are being harmed . 
  our zwarte piet , much like your * no gurlz allowed * safe space are violations of people 's rights . 
  i can , since the gop is practically two completely different parties at this point . 
  that `` majority '' bears no resemblance to the gop of old . 
  one that has `` significant '' legislative experience and that has been the prime political movement in a developed nation before . 
  so the contemporary definition of all that is not `` leftist '' is either conservatism , which is very legitimate , or this alt-right nonsense which is n't legitimate and can not be by definition . 
  tough shit , it 's a sexist law that should not be respected . 
  it 's the kind of thing that justifies international outrage , like our blackfaces . 
  it 's simple . 
  you can be rich , but if you 're worthless otherwise , you do n't deserve to be rich . 
  your stance implies that the niche radical movements of recent years are legitimate . 
  my hypothetical woman has a boat too , yes . 
  does n't matter what kind , she can have anything arranged . 
  i hate how oddly adorable cartoon trump can be . 
  a better comment would be , `` political cartoons that represent all legitimate political movements in the western world today '' . 
  but the law would be the gun being carried in public , not the presence of a woman there . 
  there 's no basis for that rule other than `` fuck you , a 2000 year old sky man told us it should be so '' . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  if a woman were to march in with a really big gun or something , what would they do ? 
  exactly , nothing . 
  it 's not a legitimate thing . 
  so i googled the whole taco trucks thing , [ turns out it 's been pretty big ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taco_trucks_on_every_corner ) . 
  well i 'm glad that we 've at least managed to find * one * common ground . 
  turns out i 've only been to the `` rich people '' part . 
  huh , that explains a lot . 
  there 's a very high degree of bullshit involved in the whole `` no women allowed '' thing . 
  i mean , fuck off , it 's not funny . 
   and what makes you think the `` populists '' want violence against minorities ? 
  they sure as hell havent shown any such sentiments , as far as i 've seen atleast , and i hang out mostly in their subs and circles . 
  yes , because that explains the peak in hate crimes and bigot sentiment after every right-wing victory . 
  those middle eastern/arabic/asian / developing nations are n't on any gdp list that i 'm aware of ... and they should n't be ... 
  tell you what , that 's not a bad idea . 
  little late though . 
  when i read something like `` no women allowed '' , i take that as a challenge . 
  but not like a personal one , because i 'm not a woman . 
  it 's a challenge someone else should go and uh , challenge . 
  against trump supporters does n't matter . 
  it 's the poles being shouted at , the muslims being threatened , the gays being attacked in the street . 
  that 's what you want to be real , so that you can have a very strong argument against the populists that would inspire it . 
  does n't matter , there should n't even have been a reason for the existance of those reports . 
  totally and completely agree . 
  sensible , hard-working , good people like you and me . 
  people who do n't hate , do n't lie , and who would never support a populist . 
  total nonsense . 
  no , let 's . 
  bigots , fascists , populists , conservatives , hypocrites , and the stupid . 
  and that 's what i 'm saying too . 
  and i 'm not a bigot , a fascist , a populist , a politician or another type of scum . 
  well i do n't like censorship , but some people should definitely be shut up . 
  scandals , lies , deception , fake news and a whole lot of hate crimes . 
  that 's what they 've seen after farage and trump got what they wanted . 
  probably . 
  but i think they 'll mostly be more skeptical ... and they of course have seen already what 's happened in the uk and the us . 
  the good news is that there is n't a huge right-wing christian community here . 
  they 're a very small portion of the population , they hold very little power . 
  good . 
  their own stupidity and close-mindedness will be the death of their entire movement . 
  so if you were to move a country around it 'd grow both taller * and * wider ? 
  i do n't believe you . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the country would be squashed and stretched , not just scaled up and down . 
  you might be colourblind , but i 'm not . 
  i always have my doubts about that site . 
  because that 's not how it works . 
  india is n't to scale on the map , or is it ? 
  told you we 're living in good times . 
  people are such pessimists these days . 
  norway or sweden are both , obviously , perfect for it in some places . 
  tulips .
