  well , then fuck the first rule of / r/polandball . 
  you 'd think polan had experience with flags being upside down ... [ there 's a whole subreddit dedicated to it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball ), 
  excellent work , dudes . 
  or maybe it 's a mountainside lair in south limburg ... 
  perhaps they built it underwater , where the dutch ca n't reach . 
  even our submarines are too scared of water to reach the super-secret cia prison in the north sea . 
  happy to be dutch . 
  those scumbags are n't coming into my country . 
  [ here 's the version with only the good bits . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dgk40ykaltw?t=12m35s ), 
  jokes on you , i 'm dancing right now . 
  really ? 
  i find him a bit cheap at times but definitely not cringeworthy ... though there are gags or other things i do n't like or do n't agree with . 
  he 's not 100 % real . 
  he says extreme stuff to appeal to the more radical part of america , but he does n't mean half of it and as president he would n't make any of it happen . 
  i 'm not sure if that would make him a good president or a bad one . 
  i mean , he 'll never be a good president , but i suppose not doing mad shit does n't make you a bad one either . 
  we were , were n't we ? 
  i believe we 've got ta go back to that . 
  i believe we 're gon na do great with this influx of newcomers , but i also believe we 've got ta be tough on them . 
  we 're definitely not always treating our ethnic minorities fairly , but they themselves could do a lot more to fight the stereotypes . 
  dress properly . 
  speak properly . 
  have respect . 
  stray away from poisonous things like religion and crime . 
  the moment they take action , we lose all reason to discriminate . 
  speaking of comedians , there 's this trump guy that 's been doing well in america lately . 
  you should look up his stand up sometime , it 's priceless . 
  i do n't like that guy , what i did i do now to get compared to the fucker ? 
   i 'd be pretty ashamed of my country if these numbers are even remotely accurate . 
  really ? 
  how so ? 
  nice . 
  i 'm absolutely for staying . 
  farage does n't seem half bad as a person but his politics i despise . 
   turkey 's top religious body , the directorate of religious affairs ( diyanet ) , issued a statement that `` insulting freedom of worship '' was unacceptable . 
  damn , turns out turkey is more secular than i 'd thought . 
  i know already that they 're not particularly strong in their muslim faith , but actual freedom of religion is not something i 'd expect in turkey . 
  amen . 
  good . 
  that actually looks really nice . 
  like some sort of model town . 
  like a slightly socialized version of the american dream . 
  actually , that 's been legal for at least 201 years . 
  so i guess you 're right in saying it 's a while back . 
  i 'm glad women can wear pants - pants are the only female lower garment that do n't suck . 
  fuck skirts . 
  i 'm guessing it might be . 
  it seems okay . 
  actually , i can think of another - the ridge racer series . 
  good . 
  fuck you , erdohan . 
  go back to your goats . 
   most western games suck anyway i ca n't think of a single non-western game i 've enjoyed ... other than gran turismo . 
  eh , i 'm still not seeing what i want to see . 
   you are obligated to have a hay bale in your house , in case the king come for a surprise visit . 
   a woman ca n't wear pants in paris , except if she ride a horse or a bike ( the law had been removed in 2013 ) do crazy laws count if they 're obviously not enforced ? 
  maybe the germans should start snubbing his sorry little ass . 
  i have - in the sims . 
  what he did , and what i hope every other newcomer will do , is integrate well into his new country . 
  he picked up typical dutch values and lives by them just as much as we do . 
  i 've heard him talk about lgbt stuff , about women 's rights , about how bad the weather is ( though it 's really nice right now ) and about how ridiculous it is that women do n't get treated equally and how beautiful it is than people can express themselves and be who they want to be . 
  and he 's a practicing muslim , too . 
  i have so much respect for people who are like that . 
  i know more than a few sane turks . 
  they 're great people , they work harder than most dutch do and somehow have the time and energy to also be really friendly . 
  i hope those people also condemn what 's going on in their own country . 
  i have an iranian colleague who basically disowned his home country because `` it was full of shit '' and he did n't want anything to do with `` the regime 's bullshit '' . 
  i 've seen much worse in the netherlands . 
  yeah , it 's pretty much universally agreed upon that the ukraine song was ... mediocre . 
  not awful , just kinda mediocre . 
  we will evolve into water people . 
  survival of the fittest ftw !, 
  tell me about it . 
  i say , let 's execute all of them . 
  kidding . 
  but i would n't really want them to breed to much . 
  exactly . 
  i fail to see the difference in any other way than , obviously , the fact that both partners are of the same gender . 
  but it just means very little other than that . 
  i ca n't see why it would make a difference . 
  to quote a random reddit comment i read once , * they 're regular people , not some sort of fucking unicorn * . 
   do you see any differences in the love between a same-sex couple and an opposite-sex couple other than the genders of e participants ? 
  this is the point , the answer should always be no . 
   i oppose gay marriage but why ? 
  it 's not your right to tell others they ca n't marry . 
  i 'd go as far as saying it 's morally wrong to deny someone that right . 
  marriage is a sacred bond between two people , after all . 
  it 's something special . 
  and what about the united states ? 
  if one year ago you would 've told me they were a month away from full marriage equality , i 'd have called you crazy . 
  ah yes , the europe . 
   i do n't understand how a rational human being can take that sub seriously . 
  do n't try to , either . 
  it 's just not possible for a normal , functional member of society to do so . 
  ugly ? 
  not at all . 
  also , nederland heuj, 
  i 'm glad that we goodies used that phrase first , so that the rightwing scum ca n't claim it .
