  but like , the biggest one . 
  in rome . 
  the city , not the empire . 
  yes , because that makes so much sense . 
  me too thanks, 
  sorry , `` piece of shit '' is a rather strong assumption to make . 
  some of them , i assume , are good people . 
  i can call people idiots too , does n't make it at all meaningful either . 
  then how am i gon na look like a trendy , hip , rich person with an * identity * ? 
   objectively speaking , not assumptions or subjective shit like ` he 's rude ' or ` he 's mean ' . 
  alright , let 's go by textbook definitions and by things the man himself has said and done . 
  trump is : * a traitor * a shill * a sexist * a racist * a sexual predator * a hypocrite * a compulsive liar * a narcissist * stubborn as hell * incredibly arrogant * repulsive on all levels and if you want sources , which you probably do because of course you 've got ta be a difficult piece of shit , i can give you plenty . 
  the market that was constructed with taxpayer money , yes . 
  which you 'd have no right to use . 
  the only thief would be you . 
  so do n't cry when the government shows up on your illegal doorstep , because you 've been asking for it . 
   how are they not theft ? 
  i so not agree to pay them , i do not want the service they provide , i just want to opt out . 
  that would render you completely dependant on your own . 
  like , find a river for drinking water and chop wood for heat independent . 
  of course they 're not gon na let you do that . 
  that 's just an incredibly dumb idea . 
  if you want to live in a country , and you ca n't not live in a country , you 're gon na have to pay the same taxes that millions of other people are paying to keep you alive and well . 
  well yeah , duh . 
  that 's obvious . 
  problem is , so many people do n't know that . 
  just yesterday some amurican told me that taxes are literally theft . 
  ( / u/pandas _ are , say hi for me . ), 
  yeah but it went downhill pretty fuckin ' hard * after * after that . 
  i 'm talking about the one where they invaded rome , killed people , raped women , stole shit , and generally tore the place up . 
  that one . 
  no , i agree . 
  it 's not wholly bad . 
  but it 's a solid 80-85 % bad . 
  and it 's not a little bit bad either like hillary would 've been . 
  2 comments in and mental gymnastics have already taken place . 
  i hear they 've made up this new very bad hoax called `` the mongols '' . 
  terrible hoax !, 
  like the * kobiyashi maru * , except the victim is not a ship , but society ? 
  it 's about time we become the world 's foster parents again . 
  eh , i 'm not very politically involved but i 'm somewhere in between the socialists and whatever 's to the right of them . 
  ah , of course . 
  did n't think of that . 
  automation and the universal basic income , that 's the future !, 
  god no . 
  if that 's alt-left then i 'm not . 
  i 'm a standard left-winger , but i 'm a huge fan of equality and not so huge of a fan of immigration . 
  ah , so it 's about lodz 's new train station ? 
  makes sense . 
  i did n't know what they were saying and it did n't sound like * lodz * to me , so now it makes sense . 
  but yeah , that looks nice . 
  europe 's pretty big on building new train stations these days and i 'm a fan of that . 
  i did n't say that . 
  and there ca n't not be one . 
  what 's this about then ? 
  something with travel and train stations . 
  but it 's not about the railways , is it ? 
  so russia will be the last stronghold of western society ? 
  makes sense , considering they 're going to be stealing all of america 's money and culture over the next few years . 
  we 've been very bad parents . 
  it 's about time we fix that by putting our child in it 's place . 
  and the rest of the world too , because that 's what we do best . 
  i 'd say the sacking of rome , the fucking capital of the world , is a good point to determine as the fall . 
  i agree completely . 
  guess i 'm also alt-left though . 
   and less simple when you consider the eastern roman empire lasted another 1000 years . 
  so what 's our equivalent ? 
  then where will i get my $ 20 pants ? 
  i just bought $ 20 pants . 
  they 're fantastic but i only bought them because they were $ 20 . 
  americans are ruining the first world . 
  welp . 
  we 're fucked . 
  although this was * very * america-centric , so perhaps there 's still a future where western europe becomes a green , liberal utopia . 
  nope . 
  americans brought this upon themselves and we 're not passing up any opportunities to remind them of that . 
  and all of this , unfortunately , still bears a certain resemblance to today 's world . 
  more likely , they found a `` new '' way of ruling and decided they were going to make the empire great `` again '' . 
  nah , africa 's a big place with lots of countries . 
  it 's nice to be a single , tiny country and be all like , `` i 'm as important as all of you put together '' . 
  an emu is , as far as i 'm concerned , an electric multiple unit . 
  what , like the whole of africa ? 
  because that would be pretty neat . 
  we should get on that whole legal weed thing that 's going on now . 
  hell , that could be a dutch thing now that i think about it . 
  context is * really * necessary here . 
  could be worse , i guess . 
  so , a tenner ? 
  or a fiver . 
  or a. ... twentier . 
  or a fiftier . 
  or a hundreder . 
  they can `` leave the eu '' , but they 're never gon na * leave the eu * . 
  the second most disturbing thing being that only us and the brits seem to realize that porn is better without dudes in it . 
   i use that too sometimes , it 's from the gulden originally , but who cares . 
  same , same . 
  dubbeltjes , daalders , pieken , sometimes even rooie if i 'm feeling folksy . 
  uh , okay ? 
  i do n't smoke . 
  the screamers and the shouters are usually the ones that do n't know what they 're talking about .
