  you ca n't just claim you invented technology when it was in fact the british that made this possible . 
  ah , of course . 
  and happy cake day . 
  do n't stuff yourself !, 
  so what happens on thursdays ? 
  yeah . 
  that 's what makes it fun . 
  fuck you . 
  not you personally , but america as a whole . 
  up yours . 
  t o o m e t a, 
  well , compared to syria ... 
  so is the protest pictured pro or anti isis ? 
  honestly , i 'm a bit surprised this is even news . 
  * hooligans are being cunts again * , it 's a bit like reporting that water has been proven to be wet , or that the latest terrorist attack `` may '' have been carried out by isil . 
   one of the most diverse nations hang on , let me grab my / r/shitamericanssay bingo card . 
  i do n't have time or energy for implications . 
  if i 'm being rude , too fucking bad . 
  the point stands and i stand by it . 
  if you look at the facts , and if you look at the statistics , you 'll see that the amount of deaths by terrorism in europe is way down compared to the past decades . 
  i 'm not entirely opposed to the way things are now because a society without violence is also a society without privacy and personal freedoms . 
  have you ever noticed what we 've already had to sacrifice in the name of safety ? 
  which part of your comment * did n't * sound totally nuts and alt-right to you ? 
  / r/the _ donald is the other way . 
  such as ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about what any religion or scripture says . 
  it 's morally wrong , and despisable , to treat any human in such a way . 
  i know you 're being a bit sarcastical but i have zero tolerance for people who actually think like that . 
   you would welcome the whole third world but a tax paying american is too much ? 
  different people have different standards . 
  the average american is , i assume , a fairly decent , educated and sensical person . 
  the average third world citizen , less so . 
  a very good third world migrant could be a bad american . 
  obviously , we prefer the good people . 
  if you 're a third world immigrant and you respect our values , and you do as the romans do , you 're a good immigrant . 
  but as an american , a citizen of the first world , that 's not enough . 
  which , besides disgusting , is obviously also very unrealistic . 
  maybe my mind 's just a little bit weird , but gay people are just about the last group of people i 'd want to see executed . 
  i mean , what 's the fucking problem ? 
  i can actually vaguely imagine someone hating on other races or body types or fucking religions , but orientation , it 's just beyond me . 
   i am american living in germany . 
  i 'm not fucking surprised . 
  you just picked the wrong flair and the wrong attitude . 
  and if you 're gon na talk about how great america is , why do you still live here ? 
  yeah , like i 'd ever use an iphone or listen to hip-hop . 
  nice try . 
  you seem awfully un-european for a german . 
  no , obviously not . 
  but there 's some vile and inhumane passages in all three books and that alone should be reason enough to either have them amended or banned . 
  nice job comparing apples to oranges . 
  they most likely would if they had thousands of members instead of dozens and a chaotic territory torn by war instead of the relatively orderly us state of kansas . 
  his flair tells me he 's israeli , and my brain tells me that most likely makes him a jew . 
  nothing wrong with any of those things , but israelis do n't exactly have the moral high ground and on averags they 're not the kindest , most social people the world has ever seen . 
  that 's not how races work . 
  i do n't , and never have , expected them to actually get much support . 
  and with those numbers , they wo n't . 
  you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  no , i am not . 
  do n't bullshit me . 
  and so was trump . 
  do you really believe those numbers are representative of what will actually happen when it 's time to vote ? 
   europe is so pathetic . 
  sometimes , yeah . 
  but that does n't sound like such a great thing to say on / r/europe . 
  of course it 's insane , but i agree with the basic notion that we should keep our eyes on islam to make sure that nothing crazy happens ... at least more so than we 've been doing , and more than we 're doing now . 
  let people believe , but let them do it in peace and without others . 
  i saw a picture of people with posters that read `` massacre those who dare insult islam '' . 
  i do n't need to tell you that those people do n't deserve to live in this part of the world . 
  fine by me too , actually . 
  we do n't need religion and i 'm certain we 're better off without it . 
  i think it 's called a cab , but do n't quote me on that . 
  sure , random eastern european banana republic . 
  i 'm certain it wo n't , but we 're no harsher than we need be and if i truly believed we 're not doing enough to preserve ourselves , i 'd be making that very clear . 
  well yes , but it should n't get too crazy . 
  if we 're banning the koran , better ban the bible and the torah as well . 
  there 's zero room for hypocrisy in our country . 
  and the westboro baptist church wants adulterers and homosexuals to burn in hell . 
  we ca n't all get what we want , geert . 
  i do n't , because i do . 
  i think we 're better off not taking advice from israelis as a whole . 
  though i would expect you guys to know a thing or two about keeping muslims out . 
  i ca n't say i 've been there myself but i 'm a student of their culture ... or at least , of what is commonly referred to as their culture . 
  and i 'm glad it does n't . 
  some things should n't be said . 
  on the other hand , good luck trying to be progressive in a country where there 's still people who believe that blacks are property and that gays will doom humanity . 
  define bigotry . 
  without our welfare , our healthcare , our excellent justice system , our anti-discriminatory laws , our freedoms of speech and religion , and without our equal treatment , we 'd be nothing but glorified monkeys . 
  no , worse yet , * we 'd be america * . 
  do you want to be america ? 
  it 's what makes us the most civilized part of the world . 
  we treat our troublemakers and criminals like people . 
  we treat our poor and our weak like equals . 
  it 's highly admirable . 
  sure , to a degree we should have double standards * against * islamic practices . 
  yeah , coming from an islamic culture to a western one you 're basically only getting more freedom . 
  either way , as long as people can wear little christian crosses around their neck , a headscarf ca n't be the problem . 
  they 're the ones getting the recognition . 
  we 're disproportionately significant for our size . 
   but banning the teachings of their religion is fine the wrong teachings . 
  like our very own right-wing populist poster boy once said , islam is totally welcome once you take the koran and rip out the bad bits .
