it would n't . 
  but sometimes it 's not democratic . 
  sometimes you 're just wrong . 
  i mean , opinions can be illegalized . 
  then why is it opposed ? 
  that 's where my point lies ; it 's 2015 , you should n't want to deny people rights like this . 
  same thing goes for abortion , same thing goes for euthanasia , same thing goes for weed . 
  none of it is harmful or bothersome . 
   its about altering the very definition of marriage in the state , marriage is one of the cornerstones of any society yes , that does make sense . 
  but why would both topics be encompassed in one vote ? 
  you 'd be either okay with changes * and * same-sex marriages or neither . 
  the point is , everyone thinks politicians are shitheads . 
  but when a referendum shows up everyone acts all conservative . 
  and we know conservatism to be bad in the same way not being curious or dissatisfied is bad . 
  it makes the world stop turning . 
  and honestly , who gives a shit about sexualities ? 
  it 's who you are , you ca n't stop that . 
  yeah , of course democracy works . 
  unless you actually let opinionated people make decisions . 
  which is why we do n't . 
  i 'm dead serious , stop freaking out over genders and stuff . 
  popular vote does n't mean anything , we all know people are dumb as fuck . 
  it means that you guys are barbaric . 
  the dutch legalised all this 14 years ago , so yeah . 
  there 's the men thing and the women thang - do it for the women thing . 
  you know , the one you see on the internet ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  it 's 2015 . 
  ireland , get your shit together . 
  do n't worry , our parliament will make them want to go back home . 
  if not that , there 's always [ this charming fellow . 
  trump is n't completely wrong for once ? 
  an american wanting european countries to leave the eu , that 's definitely new to me . 
  also the best way to get to the uk . 
  yeah , but there 's so much more to just the city 's skyline alone than this view . 
  ugh , i 've seen this picture or ones like it way too much . 
  it 's a cool city with tons of really cool and huge buildings , but literally every time someone brings up rotterdam , you 're gon na see this old picture . 
  romania , what the fuck is going on ? 
  i freak out when i see an empty bottle lying around on a train . 
  unfortunately . 
  muphry 's law knows no mercy . 
  that 's right , i rather enjoy supervising people . 
  thanks , recep . 
  we 'd noticed . 
  in-law , though . 
   threat something something pro-lifers but yeah , you 're probably right about the mobile game . 
  still , it 's a fun one . 
  no microtransactions either . 
  better than ts4 , for sure . 
  yeah , but ts1 is the og sims . 
  i 'd rate it an 8/10 just for the soundtrack alone . 
  it 's ts3 all the way for me . 
  i like 2 but hate playing it ( i know , it 's weird ) and * sometimes * i enjoy 4 , but i love to hate it . 
  i have to be consistent , so i ca n't really play ts4 whilst also saying that it 's a piece of shit that should be banned to the fiery pits of hell . 
  what i find kinda weird , at least in the sims 4 , is that if a sim romances their partner and gets flirty , and then talks to anyone else like their child , they 'll still do the same flirty animations . 
  so when my sim is done talking to her wife , it looks like she 's trying to fuck her son . 
  but that 's not really a big deal anyway because real simmers prefer ts2 or ts3 . 
  my guys wish they 'd be doing that . 
  the sexual tension is real , yo . 
  i 've also been toying with 3-way relationships . 
  my sim 's wife has always been open to different kinds of experimentation , and my sim has so far liked it . 
  it 's true though . 
  my sim has lots of friends , people suck up to her all the time . 
  some even fall in love . 
  it 's even been rubbing off on her wife . 
  i did loan that household a million simoleons at one point , yes i did . 
  dollars as well , so that 'd be less . 
  nah , my sims make their millions the legit way . 
  royalties , exorbitant wages , multi-million dollar contracts , bonuses , investing ... one of my households is up to \u00a7 2.7 million , which would be somewhere between $ 50-100m in real life . 
  well , he destroys the world at the end ... 
  okay , but why is it raining simoleons ? 
  yeah , that part i got . 
  what i did n't get , or at least not completely , was the anti-establishment part . 
  i wish i got the joke , i really do . 
  so it was n't the french ? 
  if you 'd had subtitles , your english would 've been good . 
  flair checks out . 
  oh , i 'm sure gay people in gibraltar will be estatic , both of them . 
  so is rotterdam . 
  that just sounds like it 's gon na blow up and kill us all . 
  this is really proving my point : brexiteers are n't trying to make a point , they 're just assholes . 
  uh , no . 
  you 're american . 
  dudes were fucked in the head . 
  properly crazy . 
  not that any of the other participants did n't do messed up shit . 
  i do n't give a shit what the indonesians think or feel . 
  yeah . 
  that 's why i do n't feel the least bit bad for what the americans eventually did . 
  i 'll have one of those , please . 
  no pickles . 
  what do the japanese have against the elite ? 
  it is for me . 
  god damn it , that 's lovely . 
  how can swedish summers look nicer than ours even though we 're futher down south , or rather less far up north ? 
  people kinda suck . 
  but , there was a war in manila ? 
  so there 's a lot of parents that are opposed to having their child adopted by a gay couple ? 
  well surely most parents that put their child up for adoption are people that are more likely to be homophobic ? 
  i bet the neatest way to destroy an old city is with a war saw . 
  you got much farther than i ever will .
