  i feel like the next few years are going to be much kinder to us than to them . 
  okay . 
  all i can say is , we 're the backup-anglos , so it 'll probably be beneficial to us in the long run . 
  now if we can just annex belgium and the north sea , because we need breathing room to run the world ( and the weed industry ) . 
  i think she 's pretty royal and definitely has highness . 
  tl ; dr : all unimportant morons . 
  americanization , eh ? 
  we 're the worldwide ( iirc ) # 1 in that metric and we 're as american as a european country can be . 
  they 're nice . 
  not great , but certainly nice . 
  it 's very simple . 
  america is n't our friend , russia is n't our friend . 
  we should n't be friends with either of them , they 're unreliable and they have the wrong priorities . 
  the well-educated need not worry about automation . 
  it 's the working class that we need to be concerned about . 
  i ca n't inagine it 'll be good for them to be sitting at home , doing nothing , on a basic income . 
  the hoekse lijn , from western rotterdam to the coast . 
  not a real metro line , since it 's 100 % above ground and runs on old train tracks , but the trains are the metro 's and so are the stations . 
  so did the million other redditors before you , does n't make it right . 
  that 's more than a fantastic message , it 's also quite catchy as a song . 
  if america had a theme song , this would be it . 
   the bias against trump in the mass media is staggering . 
  i have to say that i 'm more shocked by how many europeans are defending , or rather , not attacking , trump . 
  these people are the future , they 'll be in charge everywhere someday . 
  so you 'd better listen to them . 
  plenty of these people are expats . 
  stop judging them over things you do n't know . 
  cool !, 
  we 've got two metro lines opening in the next year and a half , but they do n't seem to be particularly interesting in terms of architecture . 
  they 've had in them , but they also have european-ness in them . 
  they have n't yet chosen to be one or the other , but they 're leaning towards the middle east . 
  yes we have amsterdam and amsterdam has a fuckton of canals can we move on to something interesting now ? 
  amsterdam 's not even a real city , it 's a theme park dressed up as one . 
  not by far . 
  to be fair , in america , a lot of time frames are `` a long time '' . 
   it 's like a bdsm party in this thread you 're saying that as if it 's a bad thing . 
  you would too if you were n't spanish . 
  i have to admit , i did n't know the chifference between chechnya and china for the longest time . 
  not a very pretty name , i definitely prefer czechia . 
  yes , good luck googling faces . 
  no returns , but you can file a ticket with customer service department . 
  they will get back to you within 14 workdays , a form will then be sent to your home which will allow you to get in contact with our refunds department , which should then send you a cashback claim form . 
  once you 've filled that in , our customer notices department will notify you that your refund period has expired and that you can contact our customer loyalty department which will then assign you a new timeframe . 
  [ winter is being hell over here in the randstad . 
  so , in short , a whole lot of trumps , max verstappen , and then a whole bunch of attractive people i do n't know . 
  as a single , let me explain . 
  the snigle market has high expectations of others , but expects others to have low expectations . 
  but russians are n't poorer than indians . 
  god , i hate people . 
  i 'd appreciate it if we could all stop being cunts and/or right-wingers . 
  as always , i hope he 's right . 
  yes , welcome !, 
  another day , another confirmation of the lovely fact that we 're disproportionately significant for our size . 
  yeah , but it could n't do video calls last time i checked . 
  and no one would 've used it either last time i checked . 
  nobody uses whatsapp for anything other than text messaging . 
  that 's not a phone thing . 
  that 's a desktop thing . 
  yeah , like anyone still uses facetime . 
  and do n't you need to have a filthy apple device for that ? 
  video phones still have n't happened . 
  flying cars are never happening . 
  never . 
  well that does n't sound like a bad idea at all ... 
  it 's not happening . 
  ever . 
  that was a thing people thought of as futuristic and wacky in the 60s , but we know now that it 's a terrible , terrible idea . 
  the air is for birds , actual planes , maybe some drones and of course the bright blue sky . 
  god , not again . 
  no , flying cars are n't gon na happen . 
  stop trying to make them happen . 
  good !, 
  that 's just threats . 
  i can threaten to kill donald trump , but that does n't mean that i 'll do it . 
  eh , that was n't a terrorist attack as much as an assassination . 
  damn right . 
  rotterdam is coming along fantastically , and the skyline 's only going to get better in the coming years . 
  the hague is going be dealing with a severe housing shortage and very little room to expand outwards , so we 're going to see more highrise construction there in the slightly more distant future . 
  amsterdam 's going to fill up those three clusters ( and they 're going to be creating a new one in the form of the zeeburgereiland ) , but with no major changes to the overall skyline since it does n't really have one . 
  and yeah , utrecht has a long way to go . 
  eindhoven and almere are getting there . 
  yeah , you 're not getting in , friendo . 
  god dammit , i love our skylines . 
  we have the best skylines , do n't we folks ? 
  i had to redesign [ this one ] ( http://www.taxipoll.nl/ ) for a school project once . 
  you 're always welcome , especially if you praise willem !, 
  what ? 
  yeah , except we do n't have a completely useless half that speaks an incomprehensible language and makes everything really difficult for everyone . 
  by the modern definition , it 's not terrorism if a white guy does it or if no one dies . 
  that 's awesome , i love it !, 
  that sounds a little too crazy . 
  how about they just start with upgrading the technology where it 's needed ? 
  let 's make sure that every train on that 12000 kilometer line can spend the bulk of it 's journey at 120 km/h . 
  nothing ever happens here , so i think we can handle a single terrorist attack . 
  we have n't had any since the 70s . 
  ah , the ol' steisand effect . 
  jeannie the crazy ? 
   they have to initiate it themselves , the eu itself ca n't kick a country out . 
  so no matter how hard the rest of europe stomped their feet on their ground , greece can only decide on its own to leave or not . 
  that 's something that can be changed with referenda or a 2/3rd majority vote .
