  i 've heard good things about building up an immunity for bullets by shooting yourself with low caliber ones on a daily basis . 
  and , geert wilders would henceforth be belgian . 
  oh look , a german with no sense of humour . 
  hi there !, 
  or tiny dutch cheeses . 
  it 's like * fuck bitches , get money * middle east style . 
  see , this is the kind of news we need more of in the world . 
  this shit is what europe is all about . 
  yeah , let 's do that instead . 
  i 've said this for years , we need more clay . 
  what about ctrl + c-ing flevoland and ctrl + v-ing it about 100km to the northwest ? 
  yeah , totally . 
  i 've just watched two seasons of * lilyhammer * and to be honest , this does n't sound like a thing johnny ca n't solve . 
  swedish girls seem pretty good , but dutch girls are n't bad either and i 'd even look up north in germany or down south in belgium . 
  i like big eyes though . 
  big blue eyes that say , * `` fuck me '' * . 
  but you know what , if i 'm gon na go ethnical , i want a black chick . 
  shut up , christmas dinner . 
  woah , no shit . 
  `` all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers , and to the sound of trumpets . '', 
  `` all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers , and to the sound of trumpets . '', 
  well , fuck me then . 
  i 'm gon na have to look for love elsewhere . 
  i can see myself having an american girlfriend , now that i think about it ... 
  monte-negro ? 
  i like the implication here . 
  i say , shoot away . 
  but not too much , greece ca n't be wasting their loans on excess bullets . 
  go for it , dude . 
  you 're white enough , you 'll get in . 
  hell , you 're welcome with us . 
  good luck with the grave digging , erdogan . 
  and why do n't they care ? 
  because they were promised something for too long and expected to get it , without realising that they were way below our expectations . 
  well said . 
  sure , we could do a better job . 
  but we 're still doing the best job in the entire world . 
  yeah , a thinkvan would 've been sufficient . 
  okay honey , have fun being inbetween a walled off bastion of civilization and a completely opened op asshole full of death and destruction . 
  do n't bother , he 's turkish . 
   if erdogan wants to fuck with people , he 's gon na go feel the consequences . 
  that 's such a beautifully ignorant thing to say . 
  but hey , your country is tearing itself apart and guess whose is n't ? 
   unless the people realise first they are being rules by an asshat have you heard of this thingy called religion ? 
  yeah , not gon na happen . 
  either way , the collapse ca n't come soon enough . 
  ah , of course . 
  i 'm pretty sure nato only needs strong and capable countries like the us and the uk . 
  indeed , turkish godwin 's law . 
  i 'm afraid the only way to get it over with is to acknowledge it , to express your guilt and disgust , and to do it long enough until everyone stops being pissed about it . 
  like the germans did . 
  what false point are you trying to make , citizen of the eu ? 
  except it 's true and has been confirmed as such . 
  [ `` federal government declares death sentence in turkey as crossing red line '' ] ( http://m.welt.de/politik/article157124814/bundesregierung-erklaert-todesstrafe-in-tuerkei-zur-roten-linie.html?wtrid=socialmedia.socialflow....socialflow_twitter ) `` an introduction of the death sentence in turkey will mean the end of eu entrance negotiations for merkel 's government . '', 
  but german is my third language and i only understand it on a basic-ass level , so maybe i 'm wrong . 
  please report back when they return , i want to know if there 's aliens . 
   turkey and armenia are not even close ~ ~ to the same country . ~ ~ that was my point . 
  well there you go . 
  ireland does n't seem half bad either , though i ca n't speak from personal experience . 
  well you say that , but you can pressure , influence or even bully them into changing their ways . 
  when we were out killing rebellious indonesians in the late 40s , the us threatened to cut our economic aid if we continued . 
  so we did n't . 
  now of course , we were rational and largely secular but i think turkey will start thinking differently once we start building walls to keep potential terrorists out , and once we start cracking down on unethical regimes . 
  guess what guys , in the future , having a clean human rights record and fair sentences wo n't be the only thing required to be part of the civilized countries club . 
  we 're talking civil rights here . 
  good economic regulation . 
  that sort of stuff . 
   why help , when the turks dont want it . 
  why help when the americans do n't want it ? 
  what about the british ? 
  something 's not automatically good when the people involved with it think it is . 
  they do n't even compete in eurovision , do they ? 
  he 's close to losing the possibility of an eu membership for a long time , and he 's also closing in on being kicked out of nato . 
  those are fairly big consequences already if you ask me . 
  and yet , so far he 's only been fucking over his own people . 
  imagine what would happen if his actions crossed a border . 
  well , lately it seems like we 're the only country left that is n't in deep shit . 
  no terrorism , no coups , no brexits , no refugee clusterfucks and no whatever else . 
  plus , our everything is * great * . 
  we have the best everything in europe . 
  also , stroopwafels and snacks * from the fucking wall * . 
  alright , now we 're talking . 
  if erdogan wants to fuck with people , he 's gon na go feel the consequences . 
  well i do hope most of those things happen ... obviously we do n't need to remove the kebab . 
  turks are good people and their food is even better . 
  i 've been to turkey . 
  the shithole that is religion just keeps getting closer and closer to the civilized world until one day , it crosses a border and we send our armies in . 
  remember what happened in the 90s ? 
  it will happen again , i 'm sure . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that it wo n't happen here , by the way . 
  we 're too stable , too developed . 
  we have n't even had any terrorism . 
  i 'd much rather have putin than erdogan so you know , let 's do it . 
  it 's okay , you can say you want him dead . 
  what 's erdogan gon na do , * sue * ?!, 
  i think it 's obvious that he 's not gon na get his european membership now , and he can also say goodbye to his credibility . 
  like they `` cleansed '' armenia ? 
  i do n't think you understand what islamists stand for . 
  i double dare you . 
  the us is n't gon na do shit .
