  and wilders , are you fucking kidding me ? 
  this whole alt-right bullshit will have come crashing down to earth long before our election . 
  people all over the anglosphere are seeing what their vote as caused and we 're more than intelligent enough to know that we do n't want the same shit to happen here . 
  there are very strong similarities . 
  once again , that 's your definition of bigotry but not mine . 
  like wikipedia says :  `` the english noun bigot is a term used to describe a prejudiced or closed-minded person , especially one who is intolerant or hostile towards different social groups ( e.g. 
  racial or religious groups ) , '', 
  i 'm certain enough that there is n't such a thing and even if there was , i would n't make much of an effort to keep it in mind . 
  you condone the public display of insensitive , bigoted and/or hateful opinions . 
  yes , that indirectly makes you a bigot . 
   you said if we do it `` right '' it can never fail or be used for the opposite of its intended purpose . 
  pick one . 
  you suggested that a government can never be trusted with such a responsibility . 
  i argued that they could , if done well , but not that it it could never go wrong if not done well . 
  we can regulate anything successfully - clearly we can . 
  we can regulate illegal fireworks to the point where no innocent deaths occur , we can regulate firearms to the point where gun violence rates are negligible , and we can have a criminal justice system where the human factor is far above anything else . 
  if you mind the human , you will have the means to maintain a system where that keeps happening . 
  your pessimistic , cynical thinking would be relevant in a lesser country like the united states , but we know better here . 
  hate must be stopped , no matter how or what . 
  pence is dangerous . 
  trump is too stupid to be dangerous and even if he was n't , he would n't be that bad anyway . 
  pence , however , is disposable and his death would be a great service to american freedom . 
   so your actual argument is that governments do n't ever become corrupt . 
  k cool , just making sure . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it is n't and it was n't . 
  are you dyslexic ? 
  do you have trouble with the english language ? 
  go back and read what i said . 
   you are actually advocating for massive systemic oppression because people 's feelings are getting hurt . 
  oh fuck off , seriously ? 
  your words , your thoughts , your truth , your reality . 
  in the real world , the one where people live , we tell someone to fuck off if they say something offensive . 
  unless they 're clearly joking , we do n't want them . 
  we 'll make it clear that they 're a piece of shit . 
  it 's only logical to cultivate that behaviour , so it has to be official . 
  if you 're gon na be a bigoted piece of shit , do it somewhere far away from everyone else . 
  like not on the internet . 
  or in jail . 
  because there is no idiocy . 
  idiocy is for idiots with idiot plans . 
  do it right , or do n't do it at all . 
  it would only be an idiotic idea if there was absolutely no way that anyone could be trusted with such a responsibility . 
  but if you have such little faith in the system , why have a government at all ? 
  they 're all evil bastards anyway . 
  clearly you ca n't trust them to do even the tiniest bit of good ... apparently . 
  you said you identified a nazi . 
  i named a nazi you could 've identified . 
  i have nothing but love for others . 
  even those that i disagree with , i wish them well and they can do whatever they want once they get on my level . 
  by which i mean that any less than `` my level '' will not be tolerated . 
  did you find out about donald trump today , sweetie ? 
  more importantly , think of what it does to adults . 
  grown people are hating each other , wanting to bash each others ' brains in and it 's obvious what we need to do - get those people off our streets and into our prisons . 
  but we 'll need dozens of commitees and councils to make sure that no one abuses the ability to censor . 
  it 's 100 % justifiable when people could get hurt , which is a very real thing nowadays . 
  should n't that include nazis ? 
  they 're bad enough as is . 
  dude , what ? 
  really ? 
  i do n't know , i like leydon better . 
  leydon for leiden , falconbury for valkenburg , perhaps northwick for noordwijk ? 
  go to the problem 's house and fuck it up . 
  just fuck the problem up . 
  any reason to go to the netherlands is a good reason !, 
   so why bother with regional dialects spoken only in europe ? 
  if millions of people speak these languages , they 're not regional dialects . 
  is n't french in german taught in most schools ? 
  that adds up to four languages in total ... now i never really had either , but i picked up a little bit of both and thus i would say i speak 3 languages . 
  2 ones fluently and another two like a little bit , which counts as half . 
  let 's just count important languages . 
  ones that you find on product packagings , that the un gives a toss about , and that people can do at least a very bad impression of . 
  yeah , i can understand that if you only speak 1.6 languages . 
  feels good man . 
  does n't feel good to be below the national average even though i speak two languages fluently and two like at least a little bit , which i 'm sure adds up to three . 
  no , that definitely ist nicht so . 
  por favor . 
  ... not necessarily ... why ? 
  eggs , bacon , brexit and spam ... spam , spam , brexit , bacon and spam ... spam , spam , spam with a mix of spam , brexit , bacon sauce and spam ... 
  and why might that be ? 
  i ca n't possibly imagine that there 's anyone in the world who does n't like us . 
  i mean , i read an incredibly racist tumblr blog once from some asian guy who wanted a genocide against white people , but that does n't count because it 's just fucked beyond all sense . 
  i want to be called david davis . 
  great , now my pie hole is horny . 
  and i 'm eating already !, 
  an open secret , perhaps ? 
  it is , is n't it ? 
  someone send in the eod !, 
  of course he fucking did . 
  nah man , these are pretty good . 
  dr. oetker all the fuckin ' way . 
  dude , these are delicious . 
  sounds like you 're a bigot . 
  and yes - if there 's one thing the soviets had going for them , which is definitely very much the case - perhaps this would be it . 
  i bet there 's stuff getting named after thatcher . 
  rosa parks as well . 
  and in an alternate universe , i 'm sure there would be a whole of places named hillary clinton by 2050 . 
  damn , now that you mention it - yeah , how often do you come across a street or building bearing a woman 's name ? 
  throughout history women have always been a minority among `` great people '' , that 's only started to change recently . 
  since stuff does n't get named after living people - usually , at least - it 's probably gon na be another 50 years before that becomes a trend .
