i do n't see much point in kicking out hungary : fidesz has been respecting all the eu court rulings so far . 
  its infractions have n't been big enough to withhold eu funds , because the government carefully tip-toes the eu rules . 
  kicking out should be a last resort action , not just to send a message . 
  orb\u00e1n is pm the third time , i can hardly imagine many people are surprised by his actions . 
  iirc radio free europe said that . 
  half-assed censorship . 
  real censorship would be if they tried to block the content with a national content filter . 
  they can move to servers hosted in foreign countries , so only the readers will pay the tax . 
  spaniards could be easily mistaken for gypsies around here . 
  it 's harder to fight racism when it 's not officially there . 
  i mean , mlk fought the right to vote . 
  eastern european gipsies can vote and have the same rights as everyone else , but finding racist teachers and government clerks is quite easy . 
  also , the failed integration attempts of the bleeding heart liberals does n't help much either . 
  a lot of money was blewn up on such projects without visible results . 
   this deal may be done so orban can make more money while keeping prices high in hungary would you elaborate on this ? 
  for now we get our nuclear stuff from russia as well ( both fuel and equipment ) , and they also take care of the waste . 
  have you heard about enron ? 
   then also orb\u00e1n and his party were in control after the financial crisis and they did comparatively well evonomically ( like germany and poland ) and orb\u00e1n said this was because of his policy also worth to mention that orb\u00e1n did some chf rate fixing with mortgages , which did benefit a lot of people , but earned the disapproval of foreign commentators and made us look bad for investors . 
  orb\u00e1n is n't jailing journalist yet and is n't banning protests , so he 's got that going for him . 
  the most significant opposition is the ex-socialists , but they 're extremely fragmented ( fragmented to 3-4 parties ) . 
  after that comes jobbik , which got 20 % . 
  their strength is unity ( as opposed to ex-socialists ) , and that their conspiracy-filled worldview meshes well with that of fidesz , so they can attract voters from there . 
  and then there 's lmp with its 5 % barely getting into the parliament , who seem to be honest people , but with a too strong green agenda . 
  basically both jobbik and lmp can be counted as grassroots movement , as neither of them were in the parliament before 2010 . 
  we all should live like the amish . 
  subsistence farming is the future . 
  does n't matter , scrapyard is n't in orbit . 
  actually , austria got some territory from hungary too in trianon , but not much . 
  that was just hard bargaining  the funny thing is , fidesz is most known for its anti-communist stance , so i guess they 'll have to justify this with `` realpolitik '' . 
  actually , without russian gas winter could be quite problematic . 
  i 'm not sure we have pipes leading to western countries . 
  the older grandpa is , the better student he was . 
  according to this , chinese workers still earn half as much as hungarians : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/08/average-cost-factory-worker_n_1327413.html foxconn has higher wages , but it 's still the equivalent of the hungarian minimal wage ( 101k huf or 118k with highschool degree ) ( but hungary has worker rights , plus environment protection laws that it encforces as well ) : http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2012/05/28/apples-foxconn-to-double-wages-again/ edit : oops , i quoted the gross wage instead of supergross , will fix it later update : so here 's the full price of ( minimalwage ) labour in hungary ( not sure if it 's the same as supergross , supergross might not include a few taxes that the employer has to pay ) : 130000 huf ( 552 usd ) for less than highschool 151000 huf ( 640 usd ) for highschool or upper, 
  stalin killed a bunch of communists too . 
  i know some people who hope the chinese will invest in our country , and make factories here ( eastern opening ) . 
  i think it 's just sad how detached they 're from reality . 
  [ totally agree !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_awards ) ^ ^ just ^ ^ joking , ^ ^ just ^ ^ joking . 
  the hungarian equivalent is this : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065067/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1, 
   in hungary someone like him would never be able to be a hungarian . 
  is that not an incredibly stupid mentality ? 
  some people would consider him hungarian , other might not ( mostly the people on the extreme right ) . 
   orb\u00e1n shuts down free media sites , but he has n't shut down the biggest radical , jew and gypsy hating site which the radicals use to get the `` news '' . 
  if you mean kurucinfo , then they 're hosted in america . 
  also , which media sites has orban shut down ? 
  it was messing with klubradio somwhat for about half a year , but i do n't know anthing else . 
  or did you include acquisitions by fidesz firendly inverstors too ? 
  we define ethnicity on the bases of culture , so it 's complicated . 
  these people do n't build anything , just cutting grass / bushes , collect trash and other unskilled work . 
  i 'm not saying it 's totally wasteful , but these are basically make-work projects , where the goal is n't to accomplish anything , but to create jobs for unskilled people . 
  and it 's a very convenient tool to massage unemployment statistics . 
  also , these people do n't even get the minimal wage , but about 25 % lower . 
  minimal wage 66k huf public worker salary : 50k huf ( net wages , full time , no dependents ), 
  i fart in your general direction . 
   the author makes a great argument for why state-funded maternity/paternity leave is necessary , in hungary it was always state funded , he complains about the other benefits ( e.g. 
  cumulated paid leaves ) . 
   but i doubt he wants to pay the taxes that fund it . 
  that 's what the `` state markup '' table was about with the wages . 
  it 's already pretty high even compared to other european countries . 
  and besides that we have 27 % vat , which is the highest in europe , and the highest taxes on fuel among the neighbouring countries . 
  i do n't find anything wrong with the cookie law . 
  fascist italy was based on that though . 
   then why hungarians maintain good relations with russians because money talks . 
  btw . 
  the right wing was quite torn about how to relate to ukraine and russia during the current crisis . 
  in words they mostly supported ukraine , but made backroom deals with russia . 
  one can be also forced to be construction worker , should we ban it too ? 
  the problem is that you assume that most prostitutes are drug addicts . 
  do you have any source that proves this ? 
  i would consider index.hu the most neutral , but its quality fluctuates between decent and semi-tabloid . 
  radio/television are more regulated than newspapers . 
  opinion pieces are quite common in newspapers . 
  at least they were so far ... 
  it would n't be unheard of . 
  and this can be framed as a fight for freedom of speech / press . 
  it can be easy , but immigrants are n't a part of the jobbik rhetoric yet . 
   why are journalists being prosecuted ? 
  journalist are not prosecuted in the sense that they 're not jailed/imprisoned . 
  but if they say uncomfortable things , their employer can lose ad revenue from the state . 
   why do people vote for what seems like an increasingly authoritarian and dangerous regime ? 
  because this authoritarian regime seems to be more socially sensitive than the so called socialists ( who are just libertarians in disguise ) . 
   jobbik came third in hungary 's parliamentary elections in april with 21 % of the vote backing its anti-immigration , anti-eu and nationalist agenda . 
  there is n't much immigration into hungary , so jobbik does n't really have anti-immigration angle , but the rest is correct . 
  flyingorange is biased towards fidesz , but he 's got a clearer picture than most people on reddit . 
  i have never tried jalepeno or habanero sauces , so i ca n't compare . 
  this japanese lady says it 's medium heat : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pi-tesvi9l4&amp;t=40, 
  they just were n't profitable enough . 
  quite a few foreign ( fast food ) restaurants have shut down in hungary : wendy 's , quick and nordsee . 
  even pizza hut has only two restaurants ( they once had 22 ) . 
  a bbq place might work though . 
  the paprika that you get in big bags in hungary is usually not hot . 
  if you want hot , you buy this : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-qtddrmphuby/todxhevebai/aaaaaaaabec/6nyb1z48uju/s1600/gergo+044+uj.jpg, 
  it 's called paprika in hungary too , but we do n't use them dried and ground . 
  to have a bad influence , you have to have influence in the first place . 
   you have to ask why . 
  there was n't gay marriage there to begin with . 
  because changing the constitution usually requires 2/3 majority . 
   i 'm afraid it will take at least 10-15 years until we reach a level of prosperity that can motivate doctors and other educated people to stay . 
  we 've been 10-15 years behind for 20 years . 
  it 's intresting this coming up .
