  hungary got 2000 a day before closing the border to serbia , it was n't a secret . 
  you can handwave the people with welcome signs away , it 's pretty irrelevant . 
  what merkel and her minister said is important : `` there 's no upper limit to the refugees we can accept '' . 
  now it 's time to demonstrate this in practice . 
  no , the argument is that if they had enough money to come here , they had enough money to live in turkey . 
  you can still be drafted even if you 're 1000km away . 
  the people who could be in uproar about it are no longer in poland . 
  jobbik is nazi-light . 
  we 're not racists , but ... * wink * * wink * * nudge * * nudge * their economic policies are actually leftist in general , except crafted in a way to make it not very accessible for gypsies . 
  they 're not the only net contributor country , but their contribution is the most significant . 
  east-eu also pays in , but they get more back , so they 're net beneficiaries . 
  hungary : we had a 4 day long weekend due to aug 20 celebrations . 
  chocolate from hungary : http://m.cdn.blog.hu/sp/spoiler/image/panirkutya/africana_small.jpg http://www.bonbonetti.hu/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/6._americana_tej.jpg, 
   but actually processing them , deciding who qualifies for actual refugee status and who does n't . 
  that 's what 's happening now , and it can take more than a year for a person to be processed . 
  lol , the eu is pressuring hungary to let in more asylum seekers . 
  if you want more of them , deal with them . 
  undemocratic hungarians are less likely to emigrate , as they believe hungary is the best country ever , we 're only kept down by our us/jewish overlords . 
  orb\u00e1n is n't jailing journalists yet . 
   soon enough poland etc will have big enough high tech branches to be attractive for westerners too . 
  eastern europe has much lower wages for software developers too ( half or less ) , so i do n't expect to see it in my lifetime . 
  if you tried to do parenting the same way it was done 100 years ago , cps would take your kids away . 
  child rearing became more expensive , and children have turned from an asset to a liability . 
  no , it 's there to build character . 
  use the hand-warmer app . 
   in what way is romania worse in your opinion ? 
  gdp per capita , average salary . 
  did you use the monty python 's dirty hungarian phrasebook ? 
   you speak finnish , which is one of the north germanic/nordic/scandinavian languages nope , it 's finno-ugric ( just like hungarian ) , has nothing to do with indo-european languages . 
  that 's called common law marriage , but common law does n't apply to most of europe . 
  how can you recognize something that 's unregistered ? 
  could n't you just get a tourist visa , then hand in the asylum request ? 
   ... in germany depends on the year . 
   image if we just called everyone that speaks english english , it 'd make no sense v do n't try that with the irish . 
  btw . 
  in hungarian we usually refer to the uk simply as england ( anglia ) . 
  a different dub could be sold at different price , because it 's a different product . 
  i 'm talking about that the same product should cost the same . 
   well , yes . 
  if you have border controls , but the same taxes everywhere , the same delivery costs everywhere , the same average wage everywhere , but still border controls , then yes , amazon could provide perfectly the same price everywhere , too . 
  this does n't have to be true . 
  pricing could be independent from the language of the site , and you could e.g. 
  choose from which warehouse you want to order from , get price comparison etc. 
  of course this is on amazon , not on the eu . 
  but the other example was french netflix . 
  you could legislate that denying the service based on country within the eu would be illegal , and every customer would pay the same price ( because delivery of service costs the same ) . 
  that 's a pretty argument in the case of internet services . 
  you could have unified internet services with physical borders controls too . 
  fidesz is the center-right governing party . 
  they 're more xenophobic than fidesz . 
  yeah , no one wants a coalition with jobbik . 
  on the other hand in county/city councils people are more likely to work with them . 
   what 's funny is that if the ** india ** federalised and had to have a standard language , that language would probably have to be english . 
  so , italy is periwinkle ? 
  i do n't know about any linguist that considers finno-ugric languages as a subset of indo-europeans . 
  and it 's not so nice but slightly above average ( i.e. 
  it 's low for a breadwinner ) . 
  with a college degree you start at 600 eur . 
  ( assuming we 're talking about gross salaries ), 
   outside of the major cities you can frequently find good houses for less than 10k euros for 10k you 'll find weekend houses with no heating system , or mud brick houses without plumbing . 
  normal houses ( 3 bedroom detached ) start at 20k . 
  even in the remotest villages where there 's only three bus departures in a day , a normal house costs at least 15k . 
  refugees are allowed to work after they have received the refugee status , which might take more than a year considering how overwhelmed the authorities are . 
  even after that , their unemployment rate is much higher than of the native population . 
   comparing it to learning non indo-european languages is something of a joke . 
  fyi , hungarian is a non indo-european language . 
  it 's finno-ugric . 
  it lacks a lot of constructs that other european languages have , like passive voice , or multiple past and future tenses . 
  it does n't have a fixed word order and omits pronouns when they 're not emphasized . 
  so just deciphering the subject and object of a sentence can be difficult , if you 're not familiar with all the suffixes . 
  verb conjugation is also all over the place with a lot of exceptions . 
  hungarian grammar is pretty complicated , but at least the writing system is pretty straightforward ( if you do n't strive for perfection just unambiguity ) , so overall definitely easier than korean or japanese . 
  that 's why your earlier comment is a false analogy . 
   as far as i know fidesz has at least a couple of jewish representatives . 
  you forget that these pensioners got free healthcare in spain so far . 
  after the brexit it may not be so . 
  yeah , do n't tarnish the good reputation of hooligans !, 
   also he keep repeating `` 18/18000 '' . 
  is that a thing in hungarian ? 
  nah , we can pull all kind of numbers out of our ass . 
  you ca n't really use 19th century political terminology on modern societies either but here were are . 
  do you realize that jewish is both a religion and an ethnicity ? 
  there are plenty of atheist jews . 
  occupy norway !, 
  most of the gdp is produced by slapping a brand on what was produced in ee . 
  every bomb can be suicide bomb , it 's just a matter how you use it . 
  and that 's how world war 3 started ... 
  it 's hard to say in hindsight . 
  during the socialism ( communism for americans ) there was a higher demand for low-skilled assembly line work . 
  work has been less productive in general , but there was no unemployment . 
  in the early 90ies a lot of factories were closed , and the new jobs required higher level of education . 
  for hungary : http://cvonline.hu/, 
  and the fact that you have to remember the gender of every noun . 
  except those other databases ca n't send you to prison . 
  dna and fingerprint identification arent 100 % accurate , so if you have a large enough database there will be multiple matches . 
  that 's why currently dna and fingerprints are only used when you have filtered the number of suspects through other means to less than 20 . 
  hungarian romas are n't nomadic like e.g. 
  the irish travellers since about 1947 . 
   it 's the solution of the mom-and-pop shop owners who sees their business being crushed by a multinational supermarket , do n't want to do anything about it ( after all they have dreams of becoming a big business himself someday ) and direct their anger towards the homeless beggar selling bags down the street . 
  almost , but not quite .
