we have a word for that with weed . 
  although , it 's more of a pun than a word . 
  `` highdea '' ( high idea ), 
  american , but i think i have a valuable point . 
  i was surprised to find out after years that most of my friends parents from southeast asia are refugees from the vietnam war or pol pots . 
  in my experience they want to fit in just like any other immigrant , or any other person for that matter . 
  i am well aware of this , but the unity at the end of the day could potentially be seen as beneficial for catalonia depending on what you value . 
  succession movements are very interesting to me , so i try to keep on top of them . 
  once again , i 'm not agreeing with this person at all , just clarifying what i think they ment . 
  i do n't think the immediate time after the war would be good , but rather the unity . 
  the specific government in control could change . 
  spain was unified around that time under fascism which is no longer in place , but the unity it caused has lasted . 
  a similar thing could be said for the united states . 
  we essentially committed genocide against the natives , not good , but are now a unique country under a government that would most likely not do that again . 
  although i stand to be corrected . 
  i still disagree with this perspective , but i do n't think the specific government in control is important since that can change . 
  the important part is just that europe would be one unified country and would most likely change and put fascism behind it in a few decades just like germany and spain did in our timeline . 
  it 's interesting you say this last part . 
  i used to have better german , and was looking to learn a third language . 
  everyone i talked to said a different language with chinese , japanese , and spanish probably coming up the most . 
  i found myself looking for reasons to learn russian even though most sources i found specifically advised against it . 
  i started learning russian anyways for this exact reason you describe . 
  i eventually dropped it after realizing that knowing two languages barely is not really useful and i would be better of focusing on getting fluent in german . 
  i 'm not really expecting to be able to live indefinitely not speaking the language , but it just seems unbelievable that if you get a job just a hundred miles away you would have to learn a whole new language . 
  being able to live there and get around while learning the language is more what i would consider . 
  everything i wanted to know in three sentences, 
  although our parties do hold a lot of power , i think it 's valuable that we vote for people , not parties . 
  i think it would be based more on policy , but once the elections are over american parties do n't have as much official power as they do in something like a parliamentary system . 
  i guess i was n't quite expecting interesting responses about looking towards other european nations , but i was proven wrong , you 're not the only person to mention the nordic countries . 
  thanks for the in depth response , too !, 
  in terms of education , are you only referring to university ? 
  our primary and secondary education is abysmal compared to yours , although i am surprised to see education brought up at all . 
  i always considered it a negative part of america . 
  really ? 
  i 'm curious health care is generally something that goes the other way, 
  i think we 're using different words to agree right now . 
  examples please . 
  the only one i can think of is the uk , which has changed so drastically i would n't consider it the same government as king george . 
  i 'm not saying we are going down in history next to the roman empire , but our government is very influential in modern politics . 
  and i 'd be glad to accept that we are n't the most important and influential country today , but you seem to be the only person that thinks so . 
  although i do think that we are on our way out of that spot . 
  i have no personal interest in american exceptionalism . 
  i intend to move to canada or germany most likely , and do n't really think america deserves that spot , but i do think it has it . 
  honestly , am i wrong though ? 
  do you have any idea why singapore over other more capitalist nations like america , canada , the uk , or australia ? 
  that 's a unique one, 
  let 's be real , that 's the response i was looking for . 
  interesting , there seems to be almost an identical response from finland about russia . 
  senate , yes , but have you seen our house of representatives ? 
  i guess it 's still probably not as rowdy as your parliament , but it 's much different than the senate . 
  learning about wwii this is something i thought looked like an issue , but we never talked about it . 
  i wonder if british know anything about this animosity . 
  if there 's anything you take away from politics on the internet i hope it 's that politicians generally do n't represent their people all that well , so please do n't think that any of this actually represents the actual `` me '' . 
  i 'm kind of speaking for what i think my country would do , not what i would personally do . 
  i 'm very well aware of the american hypocrisy as well , and can pretty much agree with you on all counts . 
  and that last bit was n't be actually being proud of not intervening , just pointing out something ironic . 
   also , spanish national day still celebrates a genocide , columbus discovering america we still celebrate columbus day as well , although there is a growing opposition to it being a national holiday . 
   we do n't blame ourselves for what others did centuries ago . 
  glad to hear it . 
  that does n't mean you do n't need to work with the modern repercussions of it , but having a future based mindset is definitely they way to look at issues like this imo . 
   finland allied with nazi-germany in an attempt to remain independent sounds like more of a `` lesser of two evils '' / `` enemy of my enemy is my friend '' situation . 
   but had to cede some additional territories to the soviet union , pay reparations , and admit being guilty of starting the war but you did n't start the war ? 
  you just defended your land from a foreign power ? 
  i knew you guys got bullied by russia here and there , but that sucks . 
  is there any modern fear of a russian invasion given the crimea situation ? 
   being on the losing sidw is n't equal to being on the `` wrong side '' . 
  i 'm very aware of this . 
  i was asking in either situation , not necessarily both . 
  also , i just recently learned about the spanish civil war for the first time , and i found it very interesting . 
  spain has such a unique history that is n't taught in the slightest in america . 
  it really helps explain the modern country too . 
   there 's simply no talk about independence wars in spain . 
  even in schools , colonialism topic is n't really shown at all , just basics . 
  do you feel like this is intentionally swept under the rug intentionally ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but spain lost all of their colonies in a very short period of time . 
  it was a pretty big deal . 
   why would they have to feel any guilt at all ? 
  i agree completely , but that does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  most people still guilt trip white americans for slavery even though if we went to the civil war right now i think most of us would join in the war effort . 
   we did not have a choice in the matter and america is not framed as the bad guy but was the bad guy i understand the sentiment here , but also understand that if we had a proxy war in europe that was going directly against the ussr that would have been a huge step towards nuclear war . 
  based on my understanding of that time period our main goal was to avoid nuclear war and secure world stability . 
  helping other nations was second to that . 
  that may sound selfish , but no-one wins a nuclear war . 
  i do n't know if i can say i agree with that , but i also do n't know much about the uprisings you speak of other than that they happened . 
   especially when they decided not to intervene i almost want to take that as a compliment . 
  we are so often criticized for the exact opposite !, 
  americans have never heard of both of either of those wars , sorry . 
  i know enough about finish history to get the jist of what that means , though . 
  it 's interesting that there is not yet a single consensus . 
  generally with people and events like this over time we all move towards one opinion and the people on the wrong side of that accept their mistake . 
  it sounds like this has not happened for the napoleonic wars yet . 
   general feeling is that we were betrayed by the west , that we should have been placed on the other side of the fence . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  are you saying you were upset that the west did not react immediately when you were invaded in wwii ? 
  just generally that they tend to treat you differently even today ? 
  and by placed on the other side of the fence do you mean you think you should have been on the capitalist side of the cold war ? 
  sorry my thick american skull is n't getting what you 're trying to say . 
  you probably know this , but i can almost guarantee you that there are only a select few people in our current government that even remember bush saying that . 
  i hope we would stand up for you since you are in nato , but it 's kind of like a lot of the british responses to q1 : you simply are n't important enough to care about . 
  sorry , although that probably does n't come as a surprise .
