this sounds like a terrible idea , only going to make the war there worse , be worse depending how who manages the zones as it could be breeding grounds for terrorists groups . 
  well she does sound more like plastic paddy than how irish person would decsribe it . 
  poverty and education are just two variables , there are good few more . 
  because someone else could get identified as that person and mob mentality would take over . 
  it better not to air lots of details to media as they lo things out of proporation . 
  is n't it a vbeid that was used , seems like work of isis since they use them alot . 
  people in middle east or asia might not be as friendly with british citizens and security agents tend to watch more closer . 
  do n't forget if your traveling to non eu countries irish passport much less likely cause trouble then british one . 
  isnt this news old since the news of drug trail happened weeks ago . 
  the last part about safe areas is one im most against as it will only make syria mess worse . 
  plus if turkey can get fast tracked into europe whats stopping them from giving migrants citizen ship to come . 
  it basically a complete kowtowing giving the conditions . 
  there 's being a big increase of british newspapers trying to blame everything on russia when they should look elsewhere but i guess they 'll use putin as a boogyman . 
  ca n't germany amend their constitution through parliament or refredruam . 
  well fukushima happened because developers refused to extend flood walls when builders asked to . 
  as all other plants around had their walls high enough to prevent flood damage . 
  well voter turnout is still decent this year , 65/100 % is quite high, 
  i guess sinn fein will get 5-7 more seats . 
  yep that 's pretty accurate view of each party and current issues . 
  well its pretty good and ensure thats multiple parties can get seats but will mainly always lead to coalitions in which junior party tend to get demolished , such as labour this time . 
  two parties or more which agree to coalition discuss who get which ministry while minister of of finance and taoiseach ( party leader if gets their seat gets this . ), 
  always goes to biggest party in coalition . 
  while junior get tanasiate ( party leader of junior party ) . 
  well there 's more than 2 counts , that 's why voters list numbers for each candidate , so if john a got past quata and earn seat then any extra vote past quata will be transferred to who picked 2s on their votes and son on and counts continue till theirs say only three candidates left for 3 seater or 3 candidates got enough votes to pass quotas and automatically get a seat . 
  theirs 40 constituency this year ad each one has 3-5 seats . 
  the votes are done on pr-stv , take dublin rathdown constituency for example there are 3 seats and voters had 9 canidates to choose from . 
  on day of election they go to polling boot and tick from 1 to say 9 on order of vote , they can also not give number to certain canidate which would stop a transfer to them if other canidates get enough votes or fail to get many . 
  if a canidate gets certain amout of votes in first count they get a seat and moves to second count with lowest canidates being eliminated . 
  so 4 people have been elected so far , 1 finn gail , 1 fianna fail , 1 sinn fein and 1 ia . 
  the us is n't a ally just trading power who has bases in europe , they drop us fast if we lost all use for them . 
  nope , protesters were mainly brought into towns like aleppo from rural areas where they riot , both sides started it with protesters and poilcemen dying . 
  terrible idea , current bunch of politicians and people of interest would just sell out to companies , deregulate shit and set up slush funds for their own short sightedness . 
  sunlight burns us , we need rain to survive . 
  mccain crazyness is hilliarous . 
  everything reported in media about russia airstrikes is supposedly a hospital , school or bakery being blown up . 
  most of time is fake propaganda by rebels because their losing and media will eat it up . 
  yeah against ypg , not is, 
  nope turkey has n't been more of ally to is , they have n't airstriked them much at all . 
  plus its to also to save face after having their rebel project start to fall apart . 
  nope it 's a invasion by turkey and saudis , turkey goal is to remove kurds while saudis is to remove assad . 
  turkey goal is kill off most of kurds in syria , their not going in their to fight is . 
  both turkey and is have been trading with each other for ages and part of turkey borders not sealed were either held by is or ` rebels ' . 
  well their going there to help isis . 
  there not going to intervene against is their going to try fight saa , while turkey going to fight the kurds inside syria . 
  well it is bit more extreme compared to salfi present in likes of jordan , pakistan , eygpt . 
  since only reason they have things like the stone in mecca still their for tourism otherwise they destory it . 
  yeah their 's quiet alot of different views in sunni , is n't saudi view more extreme version of wabhai which it 's country was founded on . 
  let me guess you a ukraine shrill , russia focused on defending it ; 's ally in syria right now plus the budget spent on syria is their training budget . 
  not really jesus and parts new testament clearly state not to ignore old testament . 
  i think was matthew or something who said it . 
  is n't problem with changing imams is their not central structure and that anybody can just become imam because the community selected them . 
  generally one found to hold extermism views . 
  ones where groups like is tend to recruit many from . 
  secularity generally begin with kings want powering over who they appointed in charge of religous duties like say making your brother the bishop . 
  it was so you could control religous policy of your kingdom or country . 
  salafis are what most of brand name jihadists tend to subscribe to , but majority have nothing to do wih them and are very pious in their beliefs , as it form of returning islam back to time of muhammed . 
  they tend to take quran very seriously and are against interpretations . 
  salfis would would to sunnis as born again christians would be to christians . 
  not true they tend to fund alot of sunni mosques so they can spread their version of islam . 
  good point think its better to have state approved preechers for all different religions so you can be sure to keep hardline factions in check . 
  your so full of hatered , why do you want a country bankrupt so badly . 
  well of course state gun control wouldnt work when you could drive over to another state and smuggle one in , a federal level gun control would work . 
  agreed , the generals in charge seem stuck in cold war mentailty and should focus on trying to improve relations with russia instead of both sides pissing each other off . 
  putin should do the same and let go of his cold war mentaily . 
  even if their creeps it bad if media is blabing about everything of either the victim or the suspects as it only makes things much worse . 
  well it did take years to crush smoking lobbyists and parts of drinking lobby , im sure they love the ics so they could sue governments for smoking regulations and picture packaging . 
  all media are bias as fuck , depends who paying their bills . 
  north korea also has a few nukes i think . 
  oaks take very long time to mature so photosynthsis wont be as effective . 
  they started fleeing in that area when saa connected to besieged village of fuey and nubl which the rebels were using to trade with daesh and turkey . 
  well are only maxmium security prison in portlaoise . 
  true both sides were bad but british state did knowlingy hire and protect idenity of known murders who they have stationed in either pira or loyalist groups . 
  antifa and pegida got into fight this week in ireland . 
  also are politicans are in full negative campaigning and releasing their part videos . 
  funny thing is as more discloused from the troubles it seems like pira were majorly infested with british informants and agents so anything they do would be known well in advance by mi5 . 
  it 's called ad bowl . 
  seems pretty misleading , britain will still be to export and import to europe if they make trade deals and it wo n't change much between ireland and uk current agreements . 
  us does n't care about syria and ton of boots on the ground will only make it worse . 
  russia not bombing everything deliberative they are bombing areas the saa are leading offensives in . 
  true , probally has do with who boxers are i think their related in cartel or something which would explain it . 
  not really the suspects are alleged to have ak-47s and posed as gardai which is pretty strange . 
  dissent republicans and gangs tend to never really do that much . 
  i was saying that most multinationals in ireland pay 12.5 % or close to it , while in other larger european countries with the likes of 33 % , companies barely even pay 20 % . 
  people get down voted when others views are different . 
  were not tax haven corporations least pay close 12.5 % we have them pay while 33 % in france is paid well below . 
  only danger of zika virus in europe is if it manages to mutate to allow it to be carried about other mosquitos that are more able to tolerate our humidity and climate . 
  common pepperspary wont but oc will and thats very hard to get your hands on . 
  bad idea , common pepper spray has never stopped an attacker , it will only sting and burn their face leaving them rather pissed and acelerate their actions . 
  did n't say there covering up because it russia saying that cops will cover up things they fail to prevent to not look bad it happens a lot . 
  yeah , but is very easy to abuse such spray . 
  there not sowing discount , russia wants to know what happening same as any country who people get involved in something big . 
  russia thinks the police are covering it up or something . 
  pepper spray illegal in most of eu because of how easy it is to abuse it , same with tasers . 
  still legal bribary . 
  nothing to do with them being monarchy , even america up ahead and they have lot of corruption . 
  well they could always be after rare earth metals haha . 
  their behind countries like saduia arbia just shows how terrible this report is . 
  the supports come from groups called no borders who want no borders literally . 
  not the type we have with schengen but one where anyone can come and go in eu or outside meaning they want forced open borders . 
  are they magically enchanted broomsticks .
