the eu may be larger in population and have a more diversified industry , but russia has a gigantic military-industrial complex built up over most of the century , and actually a comparable number of trained military personnel to the entire european union . 
  more importantly , their military is a cohesive unit in terms of organization , language , and armaments . 
  i do n't think the eu could ever `` crush them utterly '' in a conventional conflict in the next few decades , and even if it could , russia has 10x as many nukes . 
  obligatory , last two times a united europe chose to take on russia , they failed utterly . 
  peru ? 
  maybe costa rica and el salvador as well though i think they might have experienced some unwanted influences by american fruit and coffee companies though not on the same scale as guatemala or some other countries . 
  not an expert on latin american history or anything , but i ca n't really think of anything the us did that was horrible to these countries . 
   we were never super rich or super fancy . 
  i do n't really know how most greeks identify with the byzantine empire with respect to the modern greek state , but it is was the definitive richest and fanciest country in the world ( short of maybe china ) from a bit before the fall of the roman empire to the 1100s . 
  i live colorado in the united states and we are getting a fair amount of snow even outside the mountains . 
  the low for tomorrow is actually suppose to be -14 c. 
  it is really funny though because most people in the northeast us and eastern canada expect a lot of snow by this time of year and are absolutely getting none of it . 
  i was in upstate new york for the past month and it has just felt like a really long and warm fall . 
  the grass is even quite green . 
  i guess europe is getting a similar experience . 
  i went to catholic high school in the us ( graduated 3 years ago ) with quite a few people of mexican descent . 
  that actually is n't wholly all that surprising to me . 
  pretty much everyone would describe themselves as pro-gender equality , and almost everyone was sympathetic to gays . 
  most people could be described as pretty socially and economically liberal actually . 
  except divorce was something to be looked down upon and abortion was viewed as one of the most serious issues faced by the catholic church today and as straight up murder . 
  it 's funny you bring that up . 
  there is a high/middle school in kansas inside of a former nuclear silo . 
  well , it seems my comment drew quite a stir . 
  all i meant by it was that france and italy have fought russia before , and that fight cost them dearly . 
  to address your points  russia refused to stop trading with the uk allowing them to continue their blockade of continental europe in the very second sentence of your linked article : '' * as a response to the naval blockade of the french coasts enacted by the british government on 16 may 1806 * , napoleon issued the berlin decree on 21 november 1806 , which brought into effect a large-scale embargo against british trade . '', 
  contrary to your statement , france did not navally blockade the uk . 
  in response , they instituted an embargo against the uk and tried to compel other nations to comply ( i.e. 
  russia ) in response to the british naval blockade . 
   it is really hard to see how napoleon being unable to starve out uk was damaging to the empire . 
  and when poland was run by french superintendents , it was not free , just not annexed outright . 
  the uk was at war with france and the nucleus of nearly every attempt to undermine the french empire . 
  of course , napoleon wanted to stop them somehow whether it be by invasion or economically . 
  you are correct that poland was not exactly free along with other client states of the french empire . 
  `` freeing poland '' was diplomatic pretext napoleon used to invade russia to prevent them from enabling his enemy , the uk . 
   there is no pleasing some people . 
  seriously , there are hundreds of bad or unfair things russian ( or soviet ) empire did to other countries , and was rightfully criticized for . 
  but russian posture in napoleonic wars is not even close to being on that list of legitimate grievances . 
  and i ca n't recall this ever being brought up as such by either france or italy . 
  i believe i was misunderstood here ( in fairness my response was poorly worded ) . 
  i just wanted to call attention to the fact that the french empire was ultimately crushed by russia , and perhaps french/italians might have some minor grievances against russia for that ( for the most part they do n't though ) . 
  the question of whether it was a `` right '' or `` wrong '' thing that it was crushed or who is to `` blame '' was n't really something i wanted to connote . 
  i apologize if it made it seem that way by my poor language . 
  russia refused to stop trading with the uk allowing them to continue their blockade of continental europe and generally causing instability in the empire ( and also free poland ) . 
  when diplomacy fails , the only course of action napoleon had was to either do nothing or invade and stop them . 
  of course russia had the right to try and stop them , but you ca n't really argue that russia was n't asking for it and was just randomly attacked by arbitrarily evil people . 
  and strictly speaking , resisting an invasion is harming the country that is attacking whether or not the invasion is justified or not . 
  you ca n't remember a single time in history when russia did harm to italy or france ? 
  there was that whole debacle where french and napoleonic italian troops marched into russia and got their asses handed to them . 
  approximately 27,000 italian troops marched into russia , and only 2000-3000 survived . 
  the failed invasion eventually led to the decline of france as a superpower , and the set back of a united italy by 60 years . 
  the most depressing part of the election is that we will get at least one or potentially both of these candidates ( if trump wins 2016 and the dems think hilary is still their best shot ) in 2020 . 
  sorry , not that comprehensive of source , but ~ 2 people died due to gun related incidents in vermont in 2010 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_in_the_united_states_by_state vermont is a sort of an outlier in a lot of statistics in the us though including this one . 
  scotland . 
  after the next referendum . 
  i feel like this issue could be fairly solved by spain giving barcelona to the kingdom of morocco as well as oliven\u00e7a so they can fairly keep ceuta and melilla . 
  also , it doubly fixes the catalonian independence movement and despicable portuguese irredentism . 
  everyone is happy . 
  the uk can keep gibraltar , but they should be willing to cede cornwall to spain as it is only fair . 
  of course , they should also give scotland to republic of ireland in exchange for ni . 
  some scots seem to think that is a cool idea anyway . 
  in exchange for keeping the malvinas , they should also let argentina have wales to maintain sheep equilibrium . 
  jersey islands are basically part of france , so france should probably get the shetlands or something . 
  it is probably better to view it as a potential vulnerability . 
  if we did not include poland , for instance , in nato because `` we have to defend them from attack '' , then it would overall make defense more difficult for the other nations because we would have to concentrate more defenses in fewer countries to achieve the same level of security . 
  by keeping montenegro in nato sphere of influence it prevents certain hypothetical hostile nations from exploiting the strategic position of montenegro to place missles/ships/intelligence installations etc which would make defending the surrounding region more expensive . 
  things would have to really go to shit , but i can see california seceding if we get 8 more years of trump followed by another election cycle that was as stupid as this one . 
  there is already a little bit of a movement for that . 
  if that happens , we 'll probably lose oregon , washington , and possibly the entire northeast , and basically we will have 1991 'd ourselves with the help of russia . 
  it is n't about the ideal of democracy as so much as it is defending the currently relatively equitable status quo the democracies of east and south east asia enjoy by not having that region controlled by china . 
  you are right though , if the us does n't end up calling china out on their ambitions of controlling the flow of vital resources to its neighbors , than the phillipines and others should hope that china has similar interests at heart as its neighbors countries , and wo n't just use that as leverage to ransack their economies and focus everything important into china . 
  maybe you could argue that in a way , the us is doing this to a degree , and i ca n't really disagree , but the status quo in that region has allowed most of those countries to prosper to an amazing degree . 
  i ca n't for certainty say the same thing if china was the effective hegemon in that region . 
  north korea is a poorly leashed chinese satellite state . 
  they ca n't do anything substantial against china 's wishes without china rolling through their basically undefended northern border and restoring order . 
  it is more or less in china 's interests to have that country waving missiles in everyone 's faces and force them to waste money developing defenses and make investors question the stability of the region ( especially sk ) compared to investing in china . 
  china gets all the advantages of being an insane dictatorship without all the detriments of actually being one with their relationship with nk . 
  when i say `` german '' i am talking about the ethnic group . 
  of course i know that germany did not exist then . 
  the word `` bohemia '' is a latin word describing celts who lived in the area . 
  the modern meaning of it is closely associated with czechia today , but that was not always the case . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/bohemia people from the house of habsburg and also the prussian ( and later the german empire ) rulers of silesia spoke german . 
  they also ruled parts of the historical kingdom of bohemia for several hundred years . 
  you asked me to show you the german rulers of bohemia in that list ? 
  look at any entry past 1500 . 
  almost all of those people are german . 
  this list does n't even include the germans and poles who ruled silesia . 
  i have read that article . 
  notice how it describes all the germans that lived in the kingdom of bohemia and the many hundreds of years prussian and austrians ruled the lands of the kingdom of bohemia ? 
  i am not saying the kingdom of bohemia is not populated primarily by czechs . 
  i am not saying that it is n't a predecessor for modern czechia . 
  i am saying that the kingdom of bohemia was not defined solely by its czech people , languages , and culture because it was ruled by germans and poles , and had a large population of germans and poles who could consider themselves just as `` bohemian '' as the czech people that live there . 
  kingdom of bohemia was not a czech nation state . 
  the concept of `` nation state '' did n't even exist for most of bohemia 's existence . 
  a nation state is defined as a state which inextricably links the nation to a particular ethnic group . 
  italy or france are good examples of this . 
  the kingdom of bohemia for much of its history was ruled by germans and had tons of german 's living in it . 
  they would have considered themselves every bit as bohemian as the czech people living there . 
  american barbecue and turkish barbecue are quite similar then . 
  `` electric stuff '' is n't really something that characterizes our barbecue . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/smoking/ if you want to see some really nice american barbecue .
