  the oppressing of albanians has become a joke at this point , serbs in under kosovo albanian government have their centuries old monuments burned , temples desecrated , friends or family killed or exiled ( like in 2004 ) and a majority of them are n't allowed back home 10 years later . 
  albanians are oppressed in southern serbia because they 're expected to pay bills and in macedonia because a language that a minority of population speaks is not ( was not ) considered official . 
  the ohrid agreement was created to ease the tensions because of albanian nationalism , it is based on nationalism and it could n't be seen out of it 's context . 
  also , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owvzdysspie ) is n't a peaceful disagreement ( for those unfamiliar , the `` uck '' they are chanting is a name of a terrorist organization that fought to violently rip macedonia ( as well as all other countries albania borders ) apart in hopes of creating a big albania . 
  i never said that albanian citizens should be responsible for the things albanian nationalists are doing in macedonia . 
  albanian government should be responsible for not opposing that and for low key supporting said nationalism in kosovo , southern serbia , macedonia etc. 
  no one would support the idea of uniting parts where albanians became a majority in macedonia with albania if albania was strictly against it . 
  if it 's a problem created by albanian nationalism than it should be addressed as such . 
  the separatists in ukraine are ethnically russian but ukrainian citizens , no one is pretending or ever pretended that their separatism did n't ( does n't ) have anything to do with russian nationalism . 
  theory of `` gods of economics '' who force nationalistic and overly `` patriotic '' views on opposing croatian population who does n't agree in the slightest is a proven fact ? 
  there are nationalistic maniacs in the parliament but they are just one person and he is n't a nationalistic maniac ? 
  okay , you 're clearly insane and i 'm out, 
  you said that people who vote for people who behave like that are microscopic , 700 000 is hardly a microscopic number in a country that has like 4 mill . 
  people . 
  your other rationalizations are really boring actually , by your logic the people who support politicians in power in croatia are virtually non-existent and the reasons that they are in power range from mild to completely insane conspiracy theories . 
   we do n't have `` nationalistic maniacs '' in our parliament , they all are conservative centric liberals . 
  suuuure, 
   where , what ? 
  give me your microscope , my 's broken . 
  you said that there are 600 000 - 800 000 of those people , out of 4 000 000 of croatian citizens that numbers are not that little . 
  also , if others did n't vote against those maniacs they clearly agree . 
  and yeah , i did n't say that only those people are nationalistic maniacs , just that croats keep voting for people who behave like that as a whole . 
  so your logic is that croats who vote for nationalistic maniacs are n't supporting the nationalistic maniacs by voting because they are getting government jobs by doing so ? 
  amazing, 
  i 'm guessing common folks are also paid by `` gods of economics '' to vote for them , huh ? 
  i really have no intention in going for another round with you , you know damn well that your politicians are not `` gods '' but the people you choose and refuse to oppose when they do shit like this, 
  i literally have no idea what that reply had to do with the original argument but i hope you 're having fun, 
  okay , the 90 percent of this reply is nonsense , i seriously ca n't continue arguing with someone who keeps changing arguments and leads the main debate astray so he could prove some point only he cares about and which has no relation to the debate itself whatsoever . 
  as for the meddling , i do n't recall serbian government recalling the ambassador when the tables with cyrillic alphabet were destroyed to show remaining serbs their culture is unwanted or when gotovoina became an adviser for kolinda etc. 
  most of our news do n't even contain anything related to croatia unless directly relevant to serbia . 
  as for the shouting part , you 1 ) clearly care 2 ) are clearly insane 3 ) have a delusion that croatia can effectively blackmail serbia with joining eu which is hilarious because a ) all of it 's attempts to do so failed b ) 90 percent of serbia does n't even want to join eu thanks for the example of your absence of fascism as evident in your rant about killing people who `` let '' serbia join eu without pretending that ustashe were on the same level as a guerrilla antifascist movement with some members who did war crimes against the ethnic groups whose people were burning their people alive . 
   there could be no hypothetical `` nazi event in germany '' that is `` widely popular among germans '' from a non-chauvinist . 
  of course it could if it 's hypothetical . 
  also , i used nazism as an example for germany because it was the greatest reach of fascism in that country and among german people that strictly correlated to the second part of my point that you conveniently ripped in half just to reply to 1 sentence and than reply to the second part with :  the republic of croatia is connected to ndh much closer the way the republic of serbia is connected to ottoman empire then the way germany is connected to nazi germany . 
  which has literally no connection to what i said ( or makes sense anyway ) , i made a point saying that it 's not chauvinistic to point out the nationality of people whose hate is fueled by their nationalism . 
  pretending that it 's somehow bad to say that nazi germans are germans would be like saying that it 's racist to say that white supremacists are white because * not all white people are white supremacists * . 
  who the fuck cares . 
   or even closer , like arena pula . 
  arena pula is not a nation and a decision to forbid him for playing there was n't a democratic decision by croatian people . 
   you 're making a point about croats from popularity/success of a croatian bussinessman . 
  i do n't make a point of , for example , serbs being war criminals on a raznatovic 's widow success . 
  i 'm making a point of a bigot being popular among croats for playing songs with bigoted , fascist themes . 
  if `` raznatovic 's widow '' sung about war crimes in a positive light and was adored for that your point would actually make sense . 
   both you and i think they should n't react . 
  still , average croats do n't want them to react cause they do n't want to have anything with your country , and you do n't want them to react cause you 're thinking they do n't need to react of anything seselj does , even if that was the burning of croatian flag . 
  and you want that to be arranged that way cause `` seselj 's party has only 2 % of supporters in serbia '' . 
  so you think you 're allowed to equalize some bussinessman concerts and populist , but still political , acts . 
  statistics say that an average croat thinks that said politicians should be in charge of croatia and , given that there was no backlash , clearly supports that kind of politics . 
  seselj 's party is beyond marginalized , trying to compare a politician with less than 2 % of political support to the whole government , democratically chosen government is lame . 
  if seselj was a president , pretending that a situation is equal would be correct , this way it 's nothing more than a false equality . 
  i do n't equalize anything , i was pointing out that there are more than enough acts of close-mindedness in croatia and still serbian government does n't feel the need to meddle or recall it 's ambassador . 
   so , to conclude this as i see it : we do n't want you in eu cause your mainstream politics is either chetniks or pro-chetniks , and we do n't give a fuck if you have softened your fascism ( vucic , nikolic , ... ) or not ( seselj , ... ) cause we , croats , are not arguing on your words ( like our politicians do ) , we are opposed to your chetnik fascist politics base . 
  do n't kid yourself , you literally have no influence in eu and no one asks you if you want serbia in it anyway . 
  that being said , i feel the need to point out that a constant , desperate attempt to equalize chetniks with ustashe and other fascists is pathetic . 
  the chetnik movement was made by the same people who rebelled against yugoslavia 's non-attack agreement with hitler and it 's main intention was defending the kingdom against nazis . 
  there were war crimes made by certain groups of that ( guerrilla ! ), 
  movement , they did have a strong antagonism towards bosniaks and croats while serbs , jews in roma were dying in death camps in croatia and bosnia and some parts of it did have a * neutral * relation towards germans considering ustashe and partizans the greater threat . 
  that being said , chetniks , unlike ustashe , never killed jews , romani , lgbt , disabled nor was their ideology supportive of hitler 's . 
  there were tons of things that were n't right with people who joined chetniks and there were tons of bad things that people who called themselves that way did in the nineties but calling all chetniks fascist for ethnic antagonism is disrespectful toward all victims of real fascism . 
  killings of innocent people by ustashe and german nazis were n't isolated cases , they were the main point of the movement unlike the chetnik movement who started as a resistance movement against nazis and fought everyone who it perceived as threat to kingdom of yugoslavia . 
  i very much dislike vucic and nikolic but they did rose to power recently by completely rejecting bigoted , seselj 's rhetoric . 
  when voting , you choose the political platform that politicians have at the moment of voting , not the ideology that they had 20 years ago . 
  and again , stop with the overly melodramatic bullshit , literally no one said that all croats are ustashe , just that the ethnic cleansing of 200000 + of people is bad , a claim that you find * chauvinistic *, 
   dude , there 's a civilised kind of conversation where you do n't use the nation name to describe some events or phenomena . 
  if you ca n't force yourself to act like that then you are in position of being a chauvinist and i am forced to use mocking - that 's the reason why i mentioned serbian movie . 
  so , if we 're talking about a hypothetical nazi event in germany that is widely popular among germans , the polite thing would be to pretend that people of german nationality who support that nazi event are n't of german nationality ? 
  if i point out that germans who participated in ww2 were german i 'm being chauvinistic because it 's not pleasant to hear the truth ? 
  thompson is a hateful bigot whose concerts are so full of fascist ideology that he 's been banned from performing in some countries ( like holland ) , if you 're more concerned about the fact that i point out that he is a croat whose concerts are popular among the croats than the fact that his concerts are * fucking popular among croats * than you 're either supporting him or completely delusional . 
   they are capable to write about some distinct small group only and still manage to tell the story about much wider groups or phenomena , like the whole nation or the world itself . 
  you 're trying to talk about smaller group while using wider groups rhetoric . 
  that 's literally not what being a novelist means , being a novelist means writing novels , period . 
  and stop with the strawman fallacy , we 're not talking about marginalized group of lunatics in croatia that are hateful against serbs , we 're talking about the real actions of the democratically chosen croatian government that feature little or no opposition among the croatian people as well as popular and hateful events/ideologies that spring up in croatia but are non-existent in poland , czech republic , norway etc. 
   for example , i do n't think you are killing people after you fucked them just because some movie is titled serbian movie . 
  because serbian movie is a goddamn movie while thompson is a real `` musician '' who 's concerts that promote hateful , fascist ideas are popular among real croatian people what the fuck is wrong with you  wow . 
  you 're a kind of novelist ? 
  as far as i know , a novelist is a person who writes novels , either you had a different word in mind or you 're clearly batshit insane, 
  okay , i see no point in arguing if your going to keep pretending that political parties in power or other politicians have nothing to do with the will of the people or that thompson 's concerts are made even though no one wants to hear them and people go there against their will or that condemning the chanting of a nazi song during a football game is `` chauvinistic '' . 
  also , i have no idea what the sentence '' i know nobody even can manage to not allowing anybody anything '' was supposed to mean . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about honestly , i told you that croats very much do care about serbs , from destroying tables with cyrillic alphabet , chanting nazi songs against serbs , making tompson 's concerts that glorify `` defending '' croatia against serbian civilian families with children etc. 
  to purposeful choosing people who meddle in serbia 's internal affairs and not opposing that . 
  i have no idea what did that whole wall of text have to do with the argument , especially the part that germany is as close to croatia as russia . 
   i did n't say that . 
  i said ordered many times . 
  and again , should i explain what an order of the army leader means for soldiers and citizens ? 
  no , just to stop pretending that serbian civilians in croatia did n't leave their homes because of oluja . 
  if croatia truly did n't want them to they would allow serbs to come back , but despite all efforts majority of serb refugees from croatia are n't allowed back or their homes are destroyed . 
  `` we do n't give a fuck '' - * makes a 300 words rant post * pretending that the attitudes and behaviors of your own government is somehow completely unrelated to the people who choose it is the lamest excuse in the balkans book , if serbs choose seselj for president you can bet your ass that no one would pretend that the people of serbia do n't support his behavior when they chose him for a position of a president knowing damn well what he does and believes in . 
  and , at this point , seselj has been in more talks shows in croatia and bosnia than in serbia . 
   serbs in croatia leaders ordered to those people to leave republic of croatia . 
  also , your , serbia , leader was mad as hell , he did n't want to find any other word for that act of them then : cowardice !, 
  yeah , no . 
  you may feel better pretending that 200000 + people left their homes and lives to run away from croatia in long convoys with just bare necessities with them because they were politely asked by other serbs to make croatia in today 's borders mostly ethnically croatian but that 's beyond false and ridiculous . 
  soldiers were ordered to retreat from croatia but the exodus of civilians in a `` brave military operation '' against civilians with no arms is an ethnic cleansing at best . 
  oh please , you guys have a problem with everything and mess with serbia 's internal politics all the time . 
  remember when the whole political scene in croatia went apeshit because bunjevci in northern serbia were given free books from the serbian government in cyrillic alphabet , approved by bunjevci ethnic committee because that was `` erasing their croatian identity '' that only croatian politicians recognize while bunjevci constantly choose not to identify as croats ? 
  seselj is entirely irrelevant in serbia , the whole government opposes him and he has as much political influence as any other old bitter bigot , the only ones who truly care about him at this point are croats . 
  also , condemning the ethnic cleansing of 200000 + people ( mostly civilians and mostly old people and children ) is n't fascist , i truly believe that croats are n't entirely bad or prone to fascism but it 's hard to believe that when the majority of people in croatia seem to think that speaking against ethnic cleansing is offending croatia and everything it stands for . 
  wow you sure told me off bro point taken, 
   no known land dispute between albania and greece . 
  because albania already has lands where greeks are a majority , the dispute is about a maritime territory .
