so basically you 're a traitorous separatist scum that wants to destroy serbia is that it ? 
  crap , i was hoping to have a internet debate with someone i 'm getting hooked on them lately :d, 
  i have to meddle , feel free to ignore me but i have to . 
  first of all , i agree with everything you 've said here except supporting autonomy . 
  the belgrade being overbearing is bad , but that 's not that uncommon for european countries ( look at paris , rome , london etc. ), 
  and the solution is decentralisation , not autonomy , especially not with the serbian balkanization-prone mentality . 
  the big reason serbia 's economy is bad is the huge public sector as a relic of communist time , giving more autonomy and complicating administration is far from being a solution . 
  even now , you have loads of money being spent on city , special region and national politicians with many institutions being doubled ( national and regional protecter of citizens ) , just so that a region with little over 1 million people ( out of 7 million ) would have an autonomy even though it 's not doing much better than the rest of the country without autonomy . 
  besides that , some nations ( serbs , chinese , japanese , french ) just do n't take federalization well and are most united when under one political power , as much as i 'm for financial decentralization i 'm afraid that autonomy of regions in a country that already has sort of lost it 's sense of identity thanks to radical changes ( kingdom of serbia , kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes , first yugoslavia , second yugoslavia , serbia and montenegro etc. ), 
  in the past will just divide the people even further and destibilize it . 
  actually , considering that the ultra-nationalistic flag being carried was the source of the commotion and hatred i think he did a good thing by taking it down . 
  the fact that the albanian players took that as a provocation as if there was a valid reason for a fascist flag to be carried by a military drone around is far more troubling . 
  also , `` knowing '' that something will not happen and not wanting it to happen are two very different things . 
  just because you 're not able to do bad things or go with your fascist ideas does n't mean you 're good by default . 
  also , if we 're going to start taking football hooligans seriously for their chants and behaviors on stadiums then we should start with the burning of serbia 's flag by albanian fans , or the same violent chants by albanian fans in kosovo . 
  are you serious ? 
  a serbian player in serbia 's capital takes the dangerous nationalistic flag that proclaims annexing land from all countries that border albania ( including serbia ) with albanian-serbian conflict still being a thing and ** his ** actions are seen as a `` provocation '' ? 
  not the fucking drone in serbia with the ultra nationalistic flag that resembled ww2 nazi ideas that had thousands of serbs killed ? 
  taking down the problematic flag is a provocation but not the fascist flag itself ? 
  what are you even implying , that your country would tolerate a fucking drone with a flag of a country with parts of surrounding countries ( including yours ) being annexed to it without trying to take it down ? 
  i have no words , if an albanian player stabbed a serbian player people like you would probable blame the serbian player for ruining his career by dying . 
  the fact that albanian government never had that much power over serbia does n't really mean it 's innocent , every time albania was backed up by some other , stronger force it did repress , expel or kill serbs ( just look at sandzak region ) . 
  albanians did n't live in kosovo before the ottoman invasion , they very much colonised it during that time and participated in ethnic cleansing of serbs in kosovo and rascia region in an attempt of creating `` greater albania '' when albania was a nazi protectorate and anexed kosovo . 
  also , the fact that serbs started coming back to kosovo from which they were expelled during the ottoman era after it became a part of serbia again is hardly a `` colonization '' , if serbs at the time expelled non-serbs i 'd agree that it was something bad , but this way , the anger of albanians because serbs started coming back and the expulsion and cleansing by albanians of serbs in the area in ww2 is not a proof that albanians were victims for being `` colonized '' with migrations of people within their country . 
  i do n't really see the point of this argument , if there is still inequality and tension it 's hardly serbia 's fault , ethnic albanians in serbia have all possible rights while ethnic serbs in albania have albanian names that were forcefully changed by the albanian government and they ca n't easily change it back ( i think it costs 1000 euros or something ) , all albanians from kosovo came back when the war was over in 1999 while serbs that were expelled at the time ( or later ) still have n't and those living in it need police protection to go to church , serbian monasteries in kosovo and historical monuments are being desecrated while albanian muslims in southern serbia can pray freely and without fear and so on . 
  i agree completely , it 's just that when a serb says something about serbian victims people always assume that we 're defending what our side has done or trying to excuse it , i 'm honestly not doing that but i strongly believe that a crime is a crime regardless who has done it . 
  albanians have no right to attack serb civilians today who had nothing to do with the war as a retribution for kosovo war in the same way the serbs did n't have the right to attack civilians in it as a retribution for some terrorist acts done by kla ( or , alternatively , by albanian nazi collaborators during the ww2 ) . 
  it 's just the never ending cycle of hatred that has to be stopped , and the only way to do that is to call out * both * sides on it and specifically punish monsters regardless of ethnicities . 
  neither does serbia , you 'll find that serbia has absolutely no plans for getting back kosovo , at this point it 's trying to protect serbs in it by not giving the albanians all power at once . 
  i know people like to pretend that the kosovo war was one sided but there is a reason that the albanians are the only one 's who 's population is increasing in it while all others are getting the hell out of there . 
  if serbia gave all of it 's remaining power on it to albanian government in it it would mean they 'd essentially be powerless to stop the segregation of serbs that is already happening ( not to mention other , overlooked rapings , killings , theft etc. 
  update : the guy is in stable condition and awake , the police arrested one out of three criminals involved in the beating and is expected to arrest others soon . 
  [ the german ambassador talking about the victims current condition ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2014&amp;mm=09&amp;dd=13&amp;nav_category=16&amp;nav_id=899380 ) and the [ the serbian police deputy talking about the arrest ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2014&amp;mm=09&amp;dd=13&amp;nav_category=16&amp;nav_id=899414 ) both articles are in serbian but hopefully google translate will be enough to make it possible to read them , if someone finds articles in english they can link them here as a response or something, 
  i 'd like to see what your living standard would be if you suffered 7 major wars , two ( de facto ) genocides , 3 famines , countless pogroms , two large scale revolutions and few natural disasters in the past century or so . 
  i 'm not saying nordic countries are not better when it comes to all of those parameters or that serbs should n't try harder but , come on . 
  considering the long standing anti-fascist politics of the country , never having colonies , never enslaving anyone , never having discriminating laws against people based on their ethnicity/race , being among the first feminist countries in the ( `` unevolved '' ) balkans , i 'd say it 's not fair or true to portray the country of 7,2 million people as being `` barbaric '' because one stranger got beaten up by hooligans in the capital 's downtown . 
  i suppose ( from what i read here ) that you 're more worried about the homophobic part and i ( as a bisexual guy ) agree , but according to ilga europe serbia is one of the countries that made the fastest progresses when it came to lgbt rights in the past year ( as fast as the uk ) and things really are getting better , fast . 
  you can see by the serbian comments here what to people in serbia think of this , so claiming that all serbs are like that because of few criminals would be like claiming that all british people are serial killers because of the jack the ripper . 
  i 'm beyond revolted that this happened but seriously , cut the crap , how many are their violent beatings in other european cities in a week or a month ? 
  if this guy dies he would be the second stranger killed by hooligans ( bruce taton would be the first ) in a period of 5 + years in a city that is visited by 600 000 plus foreign visitors per year , that 's 1:1 500 000 chance that you 'll be beaten up as a foreigner in serbia ( you have greater chance to be hit by an asteroid ) . can you honestly say that english cities ( for example ) have less than two xenophobic/homophobic beatings/killing in a period of five years ? 
  the whole country is horrified by this and the first thing this morning there was a lgbt walk in the main street of the city demanding justice and that the criminals be persecuted as soon as possible http://i0.wp.com/inserbia.info/today/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/labris-belgrade-protest.jpg?resize=700%2c462 with the the police deputy promising to make it a priority . 
  do n't try to portray balkans as `` unevolved '' when the `` evolution '' of the rest of europe meant colonizing , invading and enslaving nations that were also `` barbaric and unevolved '' at the time for not having the same power to portray their societies as perfect in the western world and being victims of propaganda that is biased in a way of showing only individuals who behave that way to convince the public that they 're all like that and need to be `` civilized '' by said europeans through exploitation . 
  to be quite honest , i did n't have the patience to read all this , i just skimmed it and from what i 've read it 's 90 % bullshit . 
  go see `` demographics of serbia '' and you 'll find that 90 % of croats did n't leave serbia during the nineties , if anything , the rate of croatian emigration from serbia ( mainly caused by bad economy ) was slower in the nineties than the decades before . 
  really , nothing you can come up with justifies the fact that 60 % percent of total serbian civilian population have been eradicated from croatia in a single `` justified '' military operation , no matter how badly you want to pretend it was n't a forced migration . 
  you said it yourself , the serbian military forces left croatia before the croatian forces came , i have no idea how can you pretend that operation storm was a defense tactic when it was directed towards civilians but whatever . 
  operation storm was the second time during the 20th century when civilians where killed/expelled from croatia just for being ethnically serbian , no matter how you try to portray it or whatever logical twists you come up with to justify it serbs are going to keep remembering it and find it a crime against humanity . 
  the logical fallacy of false equality wo n't work , saying that `` we all did bad stuff before '' wo n't excuse the removal of serbs from the territories that are now croatia out of fascism and extreme nationalism , period . 
  you really do n't know that 's basically impossible for a person from serbia to get croatian citizenship ( unless it 's by marriage or something like that ) ? 
  it was clear as daylight that he was a ultra nationalist . 
  he was at rallies with seselj during the 90s . 
  he followed his agenda . 
  serbs that voted for him did n't do it by accident . 
  the too are nationalists who share the same mentality . 
  not really , he completely refuted that mentality , if people wanted to vote for nationalistic ideas they would vote for the nationalistic party he was a part of , not the pro-european , anti-nationalistic party he created . 
  i 'm not saying that he was never nationalistic or that he completely changed but his politics did and that 's what people voted for . 
   if croatia has a problem , implying all croats some how form one being , than serbia is beyond saving . 
  really , croatia messes with serbian politics ? 
  your anti-croat bigotry is eating up your rationality . 
  you sound like a paranoid schizo . 
  a seselj fan i imagine . 
  okay , croatia does n't meddle in serbia 's politics all the time , just the people who are democratically elected to do so by a majority of the croatian population . 
   difference is croatian forces did n't banish 200,000 serbs . 
  stop rewriting history . 
  you are rehashing operation storm into something it is not because it is all you can come up with to wipe away the shame of what serbs did in croatia and bosnia . 
  now , those 170,000 were by serb forces . 
  the did not leave on their own is the point . 
  you never mention the actual ethnic cleansing of croats , yet claim serbs leaving krajina as ethnic cleansing even though they were not forced to leave by the croats . 
  out of over 120 orthodox churches in the region only one was destroyed in combat . 
  one would think more would be done if the intent was the force out serbs . 
  that is the point . 
  but whatever . 
  you will just deny it anyway . 
  serbian forces ethnically cleansed 170 000 serb civilians from croatia ? 
  serbian forces who retreated from croatia before the croatian soldiers came and politely not-forced 170 000 civilians to leave their homes ? 
  are you honestly so deep in denying ethnic cleansing of ~ 70 % of total serbian population in croatia that you 're going to pretend that they left the homes they lived in for centuries all by themselves and went to serbia by foot to live in the streets because they were left with nothing ? 
  amazing . 
  i absolutely agree , all croatian refugees from serbia should return and all serbian refugees from croatia should return . 
  the serbs in croatia made up about 12 percent of the population , now there are about 4 percent of serbs in croatia , i believe that croatian government would have nothing against serbs returning and making up more than 1/10 of all population in croatia , right ? 
   also , 200000 were n't ethnicly cleansed . 
  most left before croatian forces even got there . 
  perhaps croats are annoyed that serbs have no sympathy for the 170,000 croats ethnically cleansed from `` serbian '' krajina , there own home ? 
  or perhaps constantly labeling us all as fascists ? 
  or perhaps the serbian presidnet , who you guy elected , said things like ( ... ) ethnically , president - see , i can be obnoxious and point out typos in other people 's posts too and your whole `` logic '' is really ridiculous , `` serbs banishing 170 000 croats from krajina is a crime '' while `` croats banishing 200 000 serbs from krajina '' is a legitimate military operation ( that was carried on unarmed civilians , children and old people ) to be celebrated . 
  and those who left were soldiers who came to fight , those who stayed were civilians that had nothing to do with the war and yet were forced out of their homes and homeland . 
  as for nikolic , he is one of the most hated presidents we ever had and became a president only after publicly denouncing his former ideals and proclaiming to be pro-european etc. 
  the difference between a person who was elected years after denouncing nationalistic ideals and politicians who use their power for nationalistic temper tantrums * should * be obvious to anyone with a half of brain . 
  that 's called operation storm and the whole operation was criticized and called the `` most successful ethnic cleansing of the yugoslav wars '' ? 
  i honestly do n't get what are you even trying to say, 
  you are thinking of savamala , the part they are building on is mostly railway tracks and dump . 
  savamala is * supposed * to remain the same . 
  and , new belgrade is pretty much upgrading by itself , there are almost always modern buildings being built there and the property value is rising . 
  also , as much as i do n't like the socialist-era architecture i think that it 's kinda interesting to keep it as a monument to the communist historical era and unusual examples of yugoslav brutalism . 
  sorry for replying to you 2 days after you made your comment , i did n't see it earlier . 
  also , there is a blatant lack of transparency about the contract and the fact that the deadline for building this is 30 years from now . 
  whole new belgrade was built faster and that happened 40 years ago . 
  uck was is a terrorist organization , and was classified by such even by cia until u.s began supporting it . 
  it operated in macedonia , southern serbia and montenegro ( even though macedonia , for example , had nothing to do with the kosovo war ) . 
  the sheer numbers of crimes against humanity that it 's leaders made and are in a process of being prosecuted for by international court are undeniable and no amount of playing the victim card can erase the ultra-nationalistic , criminal operations and ideologies that uck supported . 
  there were protests against prosecuting those who killed 5 macedonian civilians and then those erupted into a nationalistic craze .
