in the article , poverty line in finland is 1185 $ . . 
  that stupid idea that buyers are losers and sellers winners in international trade ... 
  spoiler : making countries around yerself poorer makes your country poorer too . 
  because they have less money to buy anything from you . 
  i think a lot of people do n't consider gasoline tax nefarious ... 
  this is what you get when you make an ex-spy your ruler . 
  when you are a spy , you think geopolitics is more important than economy . 
  in that world view shelling russian speakers in ukraine and inching bits from georgia seem like sensible things to do . 
  and it makes the poor russians forget the neglect in their villages when they can watch some glorious patriotic news . 
  they have with russia what may wants with eu - independent - free trade with russia - no human rights court - mother russia shovels piles of money at you as long as you pretend to be part of them, 
  chechnya seems to have got the independence they wanted ... 
  but that 's inaccurate !, 
  get this pastor from uganda to get the record straight !, 
  that burn ... 
  flyover video : http://areena.yle.fi/1-3917883, 
  i 'm beginning to fear climate change fucked up gulf stream ... 
  i for one would prefer urinals in private stalls . 
  it 's not like men entering the next urinal-in-line is super comfortable either . 
  +17 windy and dripping . 
  i have goose bumps since i was too optimistic band went out in a t-shirt . 
  in our country niinist\u00f6 got 36 % of vote first round and took 100 % . 
  it 's similar system than finnish presidential , just applied to 577 districts . 
  yeah but proportional is better , and irv even better . 
  shame most people fail to choose even one candidate well , so irv probably wo n't work as well as we 'd hope . 
  how many candidates of each party made to the second round ? 
  if only uk had n't screwed up the alternative vote referendum on 2011 ... we 'd have a lot less of this tactical voting bs, 
  workers rights are the best thing ever . 
  however , in the modern world , they need to be global . 
  having one country with great workers rights is just a losing proposition in a globally competitive world . 
  it was under theresa mays responsibility as home secretary to deal with it . 
  but apparently she chose cuts in police forces instead . 
  to be fair , the only car i dream about is american . 
  unfortunately i do n't need a personal car tho . 
  and that is why up here in blonde north , the following happens : a : go back to arabia you mooslim terrorist !, 
  b : but i 'm a catholic from barcelona ? 
  a : `` unintelligible '', 
  every sperm is sacred !, 
  party of pim fortuyn collapsed too , and now dutch have geert wilders instead . 
  austrias freedom party came back after split j\u00f6rg haider . 
  eurosceptic / anti-immigration parties will not `` implode '' . 
  the only way to crush them is the convince their voters that immigrants and globalists are not their enemies ... 
  and one of the very first things trump decided to stop funding all family planning organizations that even mention abortion . 
  `` vote me , i 'll do something about immigration '' -  proceeds to increase global population growth that will inevitably translate to conflicts and refugee crisis in future . 
  i guess this is as good moment as any to donate to marie stopes ... 
  it sounds very reasonable yes . 
  i doubt anyone would build a new nuclear plant in switzerland regardless of the vote tho . 
  i think they way forward would be to make their existing hydropower energy storage capable . 
  pump water uphills when europe has oversupply of renewables , and run turbines when neither sun shines or wind blows , 
  the longest standing effects of tsernobyl and fukushima is that they created large wildlife sanctuaries . 
  yes , the background radiation is unhealthy , but regular human activity is actually much worse for nature . 
  and considering t\u014dhoku tsunami killed 16 000 people it 's amazing that the topic of discussion a nuclear accident that did n't kill anyone . 
  if you are going to use mining as an argument , nuclear is actually the least damaging . 
  there is simply so much energy in uranium that you do n't need to mine it a lot . 
  global yearly uranium mining is 60k tons per year . 
  the single hanasaari b 430mw coal plant consumes 390k tons of coal per year !, 
  i 'm all for renewables , but in the face of climate change shutting down nuclear plants early is one the worst crimes done by our generations . 
  worst crime being not pricing in the externalities of burning fossil fuels ... 
  however , keeping current nuclear plants running as long as possible makes the greatest sense . 
  capital is paid , electricity is co2 free , and nuclear waste problem is still there even if all nuclear plants are shut down now . 
  looking at https://www.electricitymap.org/ shows how france manages to fight climate change much more efficiently than rest - just thanks to nuclear . 
   `` take this iced tea , the packaging on the bottles is identical . 
  so it looks the same in the czech republic and germany . 
  but the czech one had 40 % less natural tea extract , '' he explains , `` and it was more expensive than the german one '' . 
   it may not be illegal to sell different food under identical packaging . 
  but it is , he says , immoral . 
  i take this is the crux . 
  by all means sell different variants to different countries , but make the labels different then too . 
  this is an single market issue - if i buy product x online , i expect it to be the same regardless of which country the shop is located in . 
  they are ( were ? ), 
  all heavily protestant countries . 
  also make hanseatic league great again !, 
  this is what wonders me . 
  how will macron convince the unions to play along ? 
  seems reforms on workers rights risk things being blocked by endless strikes . 
  let say such laws are created . 
  now denmark gets an ut\u00f8ya style attack by a far-right dude . 
  causing a left-wing coalition to win elections , and starts using the `` export terrorists '' law to strip citizenship and export islamophics and racists ... 
  check https://www.electricitymap.org/ to see real time data on how much green electricity is in each of european countries . 
  it is true that solar panels have become cheaper than concentrated solar power . 
  however , that is assuming you do n't count in energy storage . 
  recent solar thermal plant , tonopah by solar reserve , stores heat in molten salt from daytime sunshine . 
  molten salt is then used to run steam turbines in the evening , when solar panels no longer feed electricity to the network : http://www.powermag.com/crescent-dunes-solar-energy-project-tonopah-nevada-2/?printmode=1 achieving the same with solar panels requires battery packs - and solar reserve claims csp with molten salt storage is competitive against panels + batteries . 
  on a cursory google search ian robertson appears a valid scientist . 
  he appears to have shifted from writing papers to popularisation in news columns and books . 
  the road from popular science to pseudoscience is sometimes short . 
  but that happens usually when written be non-scientists ( or scientists outside their own field ... ) . 
  so unless you consider psychology junk science in general ( a not uncommon opinion ) , lets say it 's a `` wild unproven theory '' . 
  psychology of professor ian roberts suggests that staying in power changes your brain . 
  and that after 10 years the changes become worse - you start believing it 's you and your gut that made all those great thing - not your team and advisors . 
  you make more risky decisions on gut and start believing you are indispensable for your country . 
  just see how he warned what would happen with erdogan : http://m.huffpost.com/uk/entry/3410736, 
  you are reading too much between the lines of sketchy media reports . 
  there is really only animosity against theresa may and her `` strong and stable '' talk . 
  her `` demand the extreme to get half-way '' negotiation tactic is backfiring with eu side racing their goalpost further . 
  unfortunately the animosity against may will translate to bad deal to uk - and to eu . 
  reasonable parties in epp should leave and join alde . 
  melenchon gained many votes while le pen was sliding . 
  while we ca n't know if it 's the same group , it is possible that this is the group that was going to vote for le pen originally . 
  then they heard melenchon speak , found him better and voted for him on the first round . 
  now that he is out of game , back to original candidate .
