putin did n't plan the ukraine crisis . 
  the article only has an opinion about how putin chose to deal with it . 
   what is happening ? 
  climate change, 
  great job , thanks !, 
  we do n't have to feel personal shame . 
  the humility here is meant as the opposite of hybris , as a nation . 
  the awareness that people can , collectively , go astray , and that careful shaping of laws and public discourse is essential . 
  being aware that it is constant work to find the sweet spot . 
  just the right balance between moving forward and protecting the weak . 
  between freedom and fairness . 
  i really like that humility , as a german . 
  i mourn that it is slowly but surely going away . 
  not exactly for fear of another german hitler , but because it made germany a better country . 
  just try to live for a year on the bread they have in the netherlands . 
  you 'll see how right you are . 
  it 's ridiculous what they eat here . 
  pommerania is stunning . 
  damn . 
  i have actually been holding my breath for amsterdam-london for quite a while . 
  very informative ... care to go into details ? 
   they will be paying to park their money somewhere safe shortly . 
  germany had negative interest on their bonds last week or so . 
  so it has begun . 
  that is partly due to recession and partly to some new ways to get to ( expensive ) new oil . 
  those are short-term trends , whic will now often occur , especially the ression-caused dip . 
  the long term trend , however , is up . 
   i sometimes read the oildrum me , too . 
  then you might want to see this : http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6785 an interesting bit from the interview :  peak oil review team : how has the gas-producing industry responded to your studies and views ? 
  berman : the u.s. companies have pretty much chosen to ignore me . 
  or they 've made public statements that i 'm a kook or i do n't understand or i 'm hopelessly wrong . 
  the site itself might be a bit doomy sometimes , i look at it critically , but the article actually is not . 
  i primarily used it because it links to documents `` leaked '' by the new york times , indicating that the sentiment of overselling shale gas is something spoken about in `` the industry '' . 
  the nyt is of course a better source to link to , but i found the article also had decent comments . 
  well , the gas will make things cheaper if it actually is as cheap as they say . 
  if they are inflating figures ( after all , it 's only expectations ) , it 's bubble that will never work . 
  it could also be a bubble , but still work out later , that 's true . 
  but i will certainly not jump on the bandwagon , that 's all i was saying . 
  what does calling a specific market a bubble have to do with propheting doom ? 
  if you mesh these two together , your comment reads as : everyone who does n't agree that everything will stay like it always was is wearing a tinfoil hat . 
  [ i 'm not so sure about it being true ] ( http://theautomaticearth.org/finance/shale-gas-reality-begins-to-dawn.html ) . 
  i 'm not an expert , so i should n't give an 100 % denial , but i also wo n't go after the belief of it working out with 100 % , which is what most people are so happily doing , as it confirms their inner wish that everything will be a-ok . ( i 'm not even mentioning the environment costs for later generations , btw . ), 
   globalisation is an inevitable consequence of capitalist development as long as energy is cheap . 
  it is stopping to be cheap , right about ... now . 
  nordrhein-westfalen votes in a few weeks , germany as a whole in 2013 , i think . 
  those herrenknecht tunnel digging machines are currently also [ digging under amsterdam ] ( http://www.amsterdam.nl/noordzuidlijn/organisatie/aannemers/ ) . 
  state-sponsored ? 
  seriously , in germany and especially spain people begin to ask why the government is funding these things with millions and millions , especially in these times . 
  i did my trip in 1998 , and night trains had no surcharge for interrailers . 
  maybe that changed in the meantime . 
  the only thing was that i had to hope they had a spot left for us . 
  so one time we had to decide to leave paris for venice or florence , but then only the venice train had two beds left anyway . 
  good times !, 
  yes , yes , that free walking tour is gold . 
  absolutely do that , guys !, 
  that sounds so awesome . 
  i did an interrail trip 13 years ago and i still remember it . 
  one tip , maybe too late : you can save time and money by taking night trains between cities . 
  amsterdam has a [ science museum ] ( nemo.nl ) near the station ( with english descriptions ) , if there is still a child in you and the weather sucks , that might be an option . 
  otherwise , just do a city tour on boat . 
  true . 
  i just realised i should 've submitted that to r/europe as well ( so i changed the link above ) . 
  it might turn out to be a big deal . 
  well , [ that might just happen to some extent ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/ii94c ) . 
  it will be done by itself if the eu stops getting in the way of the market . 
  fish is expensiove for a reason , deal with it , people . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  this guy ca n't read this ( and other ) maps , give him a break ... 
  well , there have been some reports published that reasoned about when germany can implement how much renewables ( and thus go without fossil fuels and/or nuclear ) . 
  we like to stick to the plan . 
  nice, 
  germany , thx !, 
  hey you guys - just wanted to say that dialogues like this is what i hoped to see when i subscribed to r/europe . 
  have n't seen it too much , but maybe we 're getting there . 
  thanks , 
  just like the plans for tuna fishing regulation - until the lobbyists finally win - again . 
  i was talking about the former government , socialists , who apparently fucked up so bad that these new guys got  70 % of the vote and now can change laws at will . 
  okay : http://www.reddit.com/r/worldevents/comments/dsxn3/great_account_on_what_is_happening_politically/, 
  been there twice . 
  going down andrassy avenue is just cool . 
  i hope you guys shake off the radical solutions and also do n't vote in those socialists again . 
  some things take time . 
  edit : just saw you 're not hungarian , 
  clearly spain and greece are in an even worse state right now than the others . 
  should n't they get the shit together first , you know , economy-wise ? 
  germany currently has a heated debate ( fueled by sarazzin 's book ) concerning the immigration of turks ( or , alternatively , muslims in general ) . 
  there are many turks already here and it is the feeling of many people that the integration of many of them is simply not happening . 
  many also want to stop only blaming the germans for that . 
  i understand that someone from istanbul would maybe find many of these young `` ghetto '' - turks we have so many problems with ( and their too-traditional parents ) as just as irritating as we do , so this point of view is not a general one about turks , just a commentary about the situation as it is in germany . 
  so , i have nothing against turkey as a nation nor its people . 
  but i do n't know what would happen if turkey became a full member of the eu . 
  would the problems with some turkish expats boil up pretty harshly ? 
  i say something based on increasing economic partnership is the way to go . 
  from your point of view , what would be the pros of joining the eu ? 
  i was recently in poland and most people there fear the euro , as it might make things more expensive . 
  not everything about joining is good for everyone , it seems ... 
  someone come up with a monopoly joke already - i 'm not creative today . 
  i was in budapest last year . 
  yay for bathing houses where hot springs are providing 24/7 :d also , they are polishing up that city really nice and it is regaining old glory . 
  i loved it .
