  also there has to be a solution for inter-europen setteling . 
  look at those balkan states or at the population of romania . 
  they are all declining fast and they are leaving their country . 
  i do n't think this is good . 
  i am anti-globalist . 
  i do n't see the eu as a trade agreement . 
  i whish there was a popular pro-eu party who bashes foreigners ( as in non-eu citizens ), 
  til . 
  cool i thought there was a stricter devide between the diffrent wikis . 
  greec nowadays or greek 80 years ago ? 
  i am not sure if that is how wikipedia works . 
  german + 1 \u2030 = dutch, 
  suicide by soldier ? 
  how whats the military few on those whole things ? 
  coup time ? 
  what power does the president have ? 
  i thought he was kind of the safeguard if the gouverment or parlament go rouge . 
  eos can be overrulled by the parlament . 
   he has the power to dissolve the parliament why dos n't he do this ? 
  crimes are down , poverty is down , education is up , democracies are up . 
  down syndrom is also not inhertied . 
  nevertheless people are born this way . 
  muslims and nazis . 
  ( on averrage ), 
  who believes that homosexuality should be punished by death ? 
  who belives that jews should be killed ? 
  who belives that one group of people can be supiror than another group ? 
  which two kinds of people would be in one group if that above applies ? 
  whats even a libertarian in europe ? 
  i am sure nobody wants private health care , private prisions , flat tax and so on . 
  how are we libertarians ? 
  how do you define left-leaning ? 
  i see no problem with do n't liking immigration and beeing left . 
  ( excecpt that their are now politcal parties who are like this ), 
  you have seen how people who do n't like homosexual people are treated in this threads ? 
  you have seen how people who hate on atheists are treated in this threads ? 
  you have seen how nazis are treated in this thread . 
  ofc . 
  not all moslem are this way . 
  but polls say the majority ( in europe ) are . 
  ofc . 
  not all nazis hate other ethics . 
  but i am sure the majority does . 
  a religion is completly diffrent than your skin color , sex , eye / hair color , place of birth . 
  extremly religious people are often far-right . 
  its part of beeing far-left to do n't like ( extremly ) religioius people . 
   delaying the problem is n't really a solution though . 
  the problem would n't really be delayed . 
  you were like the only other country in the entire eu where imigrants from the eu could go . 
  else those would 've split to more countries . 
  i think this was implied . 
  tldr ? 
   sounds legit sarcasm or real ? 
  ( not a twitter guy ), 
  its pretty much the same in austria, 
  well those countries did n't have nuclear warheads . 
  there is really no reason to think that anyone wants to invade russia . 
  there are all kind of things in the quaran . 
  the quaran contradicts itself so often that there is the rule that the latest thing in the quaran overwrites a earlier thing . 
  just a observation . 
  why was n't the title `` front national under investigation for fraud '' do you think this has something to do with the upcoming presidential election in france ? 
  tell me . 
  which parties ? 
  ** why was she convicted , you may ask ? 
  amateur translation : the facts presented by the suspect during her interrogation were found to be untrue after the investigation ; there were no traces of violences that she pretended to have been subjected right before the events , apart from a bruise on her lips , no traces of sleeping pills in her body that she pretended to have taken , and the time of events did not match her statements . 
  moreover , it was established that , while her husband was irascible and quick to insults , the domestic violences that he was accused of were not established with certitude , as there was no one outside of their family circle able to confirm them . 
  the neighbors and their grandkids both said they 'd never seen their grandfather be physically violent with their grandmother . 
  no complaints were ever filed by the family . 
  one of the couple 's daughter explained that she ran away when she was 17 to file one , but she stole and destroyed the complaint after filing it . 
  however , no incident report was found in the police files . 
  the portayal of jacqueline sauvage , a woman under the influence of her husband , too afraid to file a complaint or call for help does not correspond to her behavior , as ** she [ 30 years ago ] chased her husband 's mistress who had to take refuge at a police station , ** and as she was described as commanding and not compliant by carceral staff . 
  ** a witness declared that she once saw her slap her husband . 
  ** it was also established that ** she did not know about her son 's suicide when she killed her husband , ** thus , it had no impact on her decision . 
  the rifle she used was her 's , as she would hunt from time to time . 
  so , this is a very complicated case , mostly because it was brought to light by women 's right associations , and there was ( is and will be ) a lot of debates about it . 
  it basically turned political . 
  i think what our president did was wrong , not only because imo she murdered her husband in cold-blood , but also because this power should n't be used for something as trivial as that . 
  note that she was convicted two times , by two different jurys , for the same sentence . 
  source of the article credits go to / u/eurodditor for the article note that the original article in french is a lot more formal , i had a bit of trouble translating it . 
  credit to u/rudisalechienne https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5ksf88/french_president_pardons_woman_convicted_of/dbqnlzr/, 
  which party is more `` anti-immigration '' ? 
  cdu or spd ? 
   this is unrelated to wealth inequality . 
   poor black males are four times more likely to commit crimes than poor white males . 
  this would be lower than if you compare all blacks to all whites . 
  so wealth does play a role ( ofc . 
  just commen sence . 
  ofc . 
  it is n't the only role ), 
  or just does the necesarry things to do . 
  i think people who ban websites know exactly how they could ban them better but they just ban the dns and nothing else because they do n't really want it and just follow gouverment orders . 
  am drunk , did n't comprend your sentence in the right way . 
  thought you said this month ago . 
   about this month ago from : 14 . 
  crap ^ ^ ^, 
  yes . 
  this may will work but there are probably better things . 
  do the countries take people who want to go back ? 
  imprission them till they are willing to go back . 
  i am an mra .
