  yes it is sexist , but it is also true . 
  but i think we have the resources to filter the bad people out . 
  we just have to apply it . 
  so just refuse everyone who is violent . 
  lower the level of not-getting-asylum '', 
  i agree . 
  well it kind of was . 
  the vote was n't a fair one . 
  ( even though we probably would have voted for the anschluss anyway . ), 
  i like it, 
  i i am in for it . 
  but you would have to change many laws to match austrian law . 
  so klaus is a commen name but werner is to much ? 
  why is every picture so pixelated ? 
  its 2016 . 
  why does nobody have hd pictures ? 
  it could have been some russian dude which got special prevelege . 
  a turkish policeman ? 
   supposedly it was his bodyguard who killed him - do n't know why but that makes it seem like an intelligence operation more than some random aloha snackbar detonating next to his vehicle . 
  but the shoorter died . 
  why would he do it if he will die ? 
   in germany adoption is the only thing except name were differences exist . 
   sorry , i do n't understand this sentence . 
  in germany lgb people have the same rights in a partnership as marriged people except the right to adopt . 
  absentee baallots sent to austria are down . 
  absentee ballots sent to places outside of austria are up by 20.000, 
  how is that pipline project called ? 
  wow . 
  thats creepy . 
   hillary did n't have the health or the energy to do such a thing . 
  i heard that hillary visited ariozona 2 times in the last week . 
  this was just useless time she spent . 
  it 's true . 
  you just have to be born in the us and you are a citizen . 
  there is literly no other country where it is so easy that your children can become us citizen . 
  just look how many illegal immigrants the us has . 
  they know that they are there . 
  they know where they live . 
  their children even go to scool . 
  but they wo n't be deported . 
  trumps immigration policy would be mainstream in european countries . 
  ( except his stance on refugees and his brainfuck with muslims ), 
  so as soon as uk leaves the eu does n't have the english language anymore ? 
  or do you might change irish to english ? 
  yes but this can change within one year . 
  libya is n't as stable as they used to be and turkey is kind of unpredictable . 
  and other european countries will probably elect anti-immigration parties . 
  than asylum seekers will get less money , less favorable treatment and so on . 
  this could increase the immigration on germany and therfore the ammount of people who see it as a problem . 
  not sure from where you are but your flag looks like the russian one . 
  the position of the chancellor has much less power than the position of the russian president . 
  and if a position do n't have much concentrated power on one person it is alright to get reelected as often as you want since you ca n't really abuse the power . 
  espacially since the french president has extremly much power compared to other european countries . 
  but the thing is . 
  angela merkel really has no power . 
  she only has power because the parlament gives her power . 
  and the parlament ( which are hundreds of individual people with individual intrests . ), 
  can take that power away anytime . 
  also angela merkel needs support from another party ( not the cdu/csu ) to become chancellor . 
  rly ? 
  i think this is the only valid anti-imigration party in germany . 
  ( npd often does n't reach the 5 % anyway . 
  so they are n't really valid ) or they are most associated with anti-imigration . 
  so i assume that nearly everybody who says that immigration is the most important issue will vote for afd . 
  http://reliefweb.int/report/serbia/humanitarian-risk-analysis-no-10-federal-republic-yugoslavia i do n't think it is the case anymore but in 2000 it was the case . 
  i ca n't imagine how this could work . 
  ( except they are infact increasing the price with their pricecontrolls or they are extremly good at setting the price . ), 
  the problem is . 
  you were like one out of three countries who did n't restrict the freedom of movement of the eastearn states ( poland and so on ) for five years . 
  that is the reason why so many people from the eastern states went to your country . 
  because you allowed it . 
  that was a stupid move . 
  merci, 
  whats their foreign polocy ? 
  55 % want merkel to run again but the cdu/csu wo n't get 55 % . 
  that means that ... ... ? 
  i think he is just kind of parroting hillary supporters . 
  i thought it was funny, 
  i thought islam is `` better '' ( if you consider it better ) on abortion than christanity . 
  like that its alright to abort in the first few weeks . 
  it did n't pass ? 
  its like a chain, 
  yes . 
  but they could flee within the country . 
  iraq is already pretty safe . 
  mby he is from another country . 
  in austria , for example , you legally ca n't be the citizen of two countries . 
  do n't know how it is in germany or belgium, 
   voting for the new constitution tell me more !, 
  you sound right !, 
   50 shekels $ 420.98 in 2013 not that much in my opinoin . 
  look at the eu map . 
  you have to join to make the map look good . 
  its inevitable . 
   i ca n't even blame brits . 
  they were one of like 3 countries in the eu who allowed free movement for poles / the new eastern countries . 
  you could have opted for a 5 year ban on movment or so . 
  i think you can somewhere set some settings so that you do n't upload anything . 
  just leach of the other people . 
  so the eu basically does n't have net neutrality .
