  it 's still a very safe , prosperous and strong country yes , but it should stay that way ... 
  wow , you are still protesting ? 
  your flair and your sentenced do n't compile, 
  there is a diffrence between being there as a part of a forein gouverment or beeing there as a commen pleb . 
  it is only hipocritical if they expect a female minister from iran to not wearing the headscarf in sweden . 
  there is a difference between politicians and normal people . 
  how many people who say things like `` them to adopt to our culture and respect our rules '' would expect a female minister from iran to stop wearing her had scarf if she visits another country ? 
  ( probably still a few which would be hypocrats . 
  but this would be the correct comparison . ), 
  why the hell would they nominate l\u00f6w ? 
  bip per capita of selected european countries https://www.google.at/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&amp;idim=country:pol:rus:cze&amp;hl=de&amp;dl=de#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_pp_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:cze:dnk:deu:fin:fra:aut:pol:rom:prt:esp:svn:svk&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=de&amp;dl=de&amp;ind=false, 
   afaik the stance on privacy in slovakia is that as long as it can be observed from a publicly accessible location , then it is not protected by privacy law . 
  it is the same in austria . 
  you get points from the credit card company if you buy something with their credit card . 
  but it is more expensive for the business . 
  therfore you pay in the end more anyway . 
  ffs . 
  you put that on your border on purpose . 
  we do n't want the risk if we do n't use the energy . 
  til norway had a union with sweden . 
   humans have created a society that values ones life more than their ability to contribute to the species survival well they contribute to the species survival . 
  just not to the survival of their own line . 
   if you 're straight/male you can marry the person you love what about people who never love anyone or ca n't love anyone . 
  they do get discriminated . 
  good explenation . 
  i do n't think that this is a good analogy . 
  well it is technicly correct . 
  the best kind ? 
   i meant , a party that is essentially antidemocratic . 
  why should n't this be allowed ? 
  is there any law which forbides it ? 
  the sp\u00d6 wants to change the election system so that the party with the most votes gets some members of parlament for free . 
   i believe that education , if done right , could go a long way ... if done right . 
  yes , id like it . 
   most likely a party with such radical views would be in conflict with the constitution , therefore they would not even be allowed to exist as a political party . 
  what ? 
  why should a party who wants to change the constiution not be allowed to exist ? 
  the greens want to get rid of the draft . 
  the draft is part of the constitution . 
   i mean you 're making it look like radical muslims would in a few years be the deciding majority maybe in a few decades . 
  the birthrate of reliigous people , poor people is far higher than the birthrate of others . 
  i thought it was e pluribus unum, 
  wtf , again . 
  when the hell are you done . 
  what are does the turkish population thing about this ? 
   some supermarkets have started limiting iceberg lettuce sales per person - to three . 
  is n't it kind of standard that supermarkets limit things to household-size anyway ? 
  the thing about rationing was mentioned by the bbc not the russians . 
  ( or not the russians first . ), 
  rly ? 
  i think a stronger eu can only be archived if we have kind of the same ideas / idelogies . 
  except you define diversity as diversity of people and not diversity of ideas . 
  but i do n't think that people of diffrent countries who live in the same playe make this place diverse as long as they have the same thinking . 
  i like the american slogan more to be honest . 
   i do n't want laws made on morals those people on avverage hold . 
  because they become most likely citizen within the next ( 1-2 ) decade . 
  therfore they can vote . 
  and lets be honest . 
  very religious people try to impose their morals on others . 
   but to answer you , you should n't take decision based on fear ( weither it 's a reasonable fear or not , fear of christian or muslim or whatever ) . 
  nobody except kids should . 
  ofc . 
  you should make decisions based on fear . 
  thats how we survive . 
   fear of someone different than you . 
  alright lets assume this is the case . 
  you still have to proof that  a phobia implies that the fear as no reason . 
  why do you think my fair of extremly / very religious people is without reason ? 
  a phobia implies that the fear as no reason . 
  why do you think my fair of extremly / very religious people is without reason ? 
  xenophobia refers to the fear of people you do n't know / foreigners . 
  i also fear christians who are extremly / very religious . 
  so tell me . 
  why do you htink that  but they are on avverage much more religious than christans . 
  i am sure nobody has anything against an muslim with an attitude to religion as the avverage european . 
  but its not the case . 
  is xenophobia, 
   being black , being foreigner and having red hair . 
  lots of bans , our laws acknowledge those bans were stupid and that maybe we should look for finer solutions to a problem than a guillotine i think we should but religion in another category than this . 
  but they are on avverage much more religious than christans . 
  i am sure nobody has anything against an muslim with an attitude to religion as the avverage european . 
  but its not the case . 
   but banning immigration from muslim-majority countries means shutting out progressive minds from these countries as well , which i 'm not okay with . 
  we 're not the majority , but there needs to be an exception . 
  the question is , how does tureky ever change if we take all their liberals ? 
  yes , and you really do n't like such people in your country . 
   many of us see idelogies behind islam as danger to our liberal values in the eu , like for example woman or lgbt rights . 
  it 's not even about being conservative or far-right . 
  yes ffs . 
  since when was defending religion a value of the left ? 
  i had the feeling it was more of a tolerating-but-don ` t-like-it thing . 
   neighbours with a slightly different skin tone i am honest ... ... 
  i am not willing to give up my standard of living for refugees . 
  i do n't want laws made on morals those people on avverage hold . 
  thats the things that are important to me . 
   because they do n't bother to inform themselves . 
  than schools should be better, 
   what we need now is no more broadening yes . 
  but i like island , switzerland , norway , uk and those few countries near croatia ( just to close that ugly gap ) . 
  i think we need more eu-nationalism to strengthen the union ( like afd , fn , fp\u00d6 , but were the important part is the eu . ),
