* and court !, 
  how do you define refugee ? 
  iran and afghanistan have both land which is controlled by a normal goverment . 
  for the lazy : https://vimeo.com/11352212 also : wtf, 
  there probably would have been cheaper ways to archive that . 
  germany has a pretty progressive tax system . 
  i would assume than a native german speaker who was raised there and went to scool in germany will generate more taxes in his lifetime than a refugee even though the state did n't had to spend money on the education . 
  1000 people who earn 30.000 $ p. a. each are much worse than 500 people who earn 50.000 $ p. a. 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/energiemix_deutschland.svg germany did n't replace it with russian gas . 
  the use of gas is on about the lowest point since the last 10 years . 
  the use of nuclear energy is on it 's lowest point since the lest 25 years . 
  the use of coal is on it lowest point since the last 25 years . 
  well somebody has to be the first one to invest in renewable energy to make it better even if it is n't cheap now . 
  it will be cheaper in the future because of those investments . 
  yes , this would be alright than . 
  but everybdoy could buy fuel from germany not only people who are citizen there . 
  so it 's not rly discriminating . 
  do n't know why you did n't do it this way . 
  the companys probably will raise their prices of their products to make the same profit . 
  it would non cooperate companies / not international companies allow to compete better . 
  well . 
  its a step in the `` right '' direction . 
  do we consider this to be good or bad ? 
   without gas you 'd starve - it 's essential component of modern fertilizers . 
  you can synthize it . 
  iceland does it . 
  its more economical for them . 
  could do that with electricity . 
  the french did the right thing 50 % of their energy usage ( not electricity ) is from nuclear power or renewable sources . 
  this % will increase to 80 + % as evs become mainstream . 
  why the hell do we even need gas ? 
  why not invest that money in electric vehicles , renewable energy and nuclear power ? 
  would probably more cost effective . 
  the ba'ath in iraw was sunni . 
  well . 
  you still ca n't attack someone because of this . 
  support in the case of war ? 
  the us was the only one who `` needed '' it till yet . 
  and that was kind of a scatchy move ihmo . 
  yeah . 
  some labels for the saa appear e. g. a few minutes ago but the time says that they apeard hours ago . 
  i think they do it so that those labels dissapear faster again . 
  the eu should be more open for nuclear energy . 
  france is doing create . 
  update the numbers pls . 
  can you add the idelogy of the parties in ( ) next to them pls, 
  why the hell are you voting on a workay ? 
  the us has still slave labour in the prison system . 
  yes i think it is worth it . 
  well than just get out of that treaty or whatever the people signed . 
  i think `` imprision '' refugees is alright . 
   that 's against the international refugee convention . 
  and ? 
  you can change the international refugee covention or state that you do n't abide by it . 
  maybe the international refugee convention has flaws ? 
  just because it is law or a international refugee convention does n't mean that it is good . 
  laws change all the time ( with time ), 
  somewhere in europe . 
  would n't matter that much since there would be a fence around them anyway . 
  close them down in one central facility . 
  than vet them . 
  everyone who will not be granted asylum will have to work in a labour camp till they willingly leave . 
  look at the approval rating of their congress . 
  looks pretty bad compared to litterly every other coutnry . 
  5 % threshold is still pretty high . 
  in the last german election about 12 % of the peoples votes did n't count because they voted for parties underneath the threshold . 
  how the hell is somebody pro-erdogan ? 
  for once . 
  i assume eksi sozluk is based in turkey and can be censored easily . 
  secondly . 
  eksi sozluk sounds like a turkish-only reddit . 
  it would be intresting would those turks think . 
   energy density of hydrogen it is n't even that high since you need an 125 kg tank to store the hydrogen . 
  intresting stuff : 5 % of electric cars in norway are plug in cars . 
  in jannuary about 37 % of newly registerd cars were plug in cars . 
  5 % of electric cars in norway are plug in cars . 
  and more than 50 % of new registerd cars in norway have a  1 kwh battery . 
  its status quo because : 1 . 
  there is n't a strong lobby group who wants to make polygamy legal . 
  its much easier to change the laws and make homosexual marriage legal than it would be to make polygamy legal . 
  well , i assume its not a law in those country that tv has to be in that language . 
  you would have to change a running system . 
  you can have a relationship with as many people you want at the same time . 
  but many laws would have to change if you can marry them . 
  uk solar was never viable anyway . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/solargis-solar-map-europe-en.png in spain and italy you get nearly 2 times the amount of energy per m \u00b2 . 
  on the other hand it looks like uk is in a good position for wind power . 
  usd is a bad comparison for wealth . 
  russians rubel tanked hard . 
  but its a good and intresting repost . 
  also : the map got updated !, 
  ca n't you vote by mail ? 
  i think there should be a rebranding of marriage . 
  the politicans who are in favour of same sex marriage should n't call it just marriage but state marriage . 
  at least if the country is very religious . 
  state marriage . 
  marriage . 
   allow homosexuals to have a state marriage . 
  -  allow homosexuals to marry . 
  i think this would help .
