   why should a woman or man not be allowed to have more than one partner because it would be impractical . 
  if you are married you have certain rights . 
  if you partner is in a coma and on machines than the other partner can decide what will happen . 
  can you be proud about your son doing his first steps ? 
  can you be proud if he has a good grade in the scool ? 
  life expectancy is diffrent from time spend retired . 
  he did n't bash women . 
  how is the current situation in poland ? 
  ( when can men and women retire ? ), 
  venuzelas oil is expensive . 
  russians oil and gas is cheap, 
  yes but 8 vs 16,8 years . 
  this is huge margin . 
  did n't expact that . 
  wow , women really spend way more time retired compared to man . 
  look at romania for example . 
  just wow . 
  the law does n't care if it is only one day of the year . 
  if a law says that you ca n't discriminate based on gender than you ca n't discriminate based on gender even on one day . 
  and espacially not the state . 
  but i think somebody would have to sue first . 
  and how do we know when feminism has gone to far ? 
  if we ca n't belive our own thoughts ? 
  yes , men are so equal that women can decide on men 's bodies . 
  even though they wo n't be the one who will fight in the case of a war !, 
  yes , but i assume that the state has anti discrimination laws . 
  this laws usually do n't apply to age . 
  and you can choose to study . 
  assad is n't a islamist ... 
  he is a arab nationalist . 
  yes . 
  seperated but equal . 
  lets have one day for men and one for women . 
  lets have one room for men and one for women . 
  lets have one bus for men and one for women . 
  really ? 
  for real ? 
  why should n't the gouverment pay every men 100 $ ? 
  do n't complain about it . 
  how is that legal ? 
  why the hell would the usa want an islamist to be in power ? 
  what would they gain from it ? 
  russia was worse . 
  now it is n't imho . 
  i think gays have already the same rights in austria ( incl . 
  right to adopt kids ) . 
  their marriage is just called diffrently . 
  really ? 
  this is were you draw the line ? 
   how can be building nuclear infrastructure less economical compared to dumping billions into wind and solar farms that did n't really help anything but increase electricity prices ? 
  it lowered the price drastically for electricity heavy companies . 
   and it 's not just building infrastructure , you 're shutting down existing infrastructure that could 've still been making clean electricity for decades perfectly fine . 
  all of those closed plants where about 30 years old . 
  because the tool used does n't provide this data ... 
  is n't this included in the income ? 
  woot, 
  and ? 
  what has the chart to do with anything ? 
  i do n't even know why he posted it . 
  my statement was that the location matters since muslims are split uneven within a country . 
  the averrage of a country can be 5 % but in some cities its up to 30 %, 
  what ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_austria e. g. austria has a muslim populatin of 7 % , but in vienna it is 12,5 % . 
  the disparity is much higher in other countries . 
   sweden do you live ? 
  very important . 
  recently there was a thread which pointed out that although in the country there was a muslim population of like 5-8 % in some major cities it was as high as 30 % . 
  do you have a link to the poll ? 
  i really ca n't belive it that the usa is the largest threat to world peace for so many countries . 
  sounds fishy to me . 
  why has romania a deicit ? 
  i its cheap to produce there and so on . 
  propably the pound is the problem . 
  maybe thats why so many support abortion . 
  you might not support abortion if you have to picture a 20 week old fetus vs a 12 week old fetus . 
  than the powerfull had excess to the goods in the west . 
  is kind of the same as the rich ( since beeing rich equals beeing powerfull ), 
  do you think this has something to do with the communism area where only the rich could buy good goods in the west ? 
  therfore now goods outside of russia are seen as better / for rich people ? 
   `` for a petersburger it is entirely normal to be in finland , which is closer than moscow , '' about 175 km distance from petersburg and finnland, 
  i like her nice . 
  i do n't like that kind of talk . 
  that kind of talk is dangerous . 
  it is illegal to sell but not illegal to buy . 
  at least in a austria . 
  i agree !, 
  why does poland get the most founding ? 
  is n't bulgary and romania poorer than poland ? 
  whats wrong with that ? 
  there are many people who act like famouse people of the past . 
  so that tourists can take pictures . 
  they have kind of archived their goal already . 
  imho . 
  religion is different from your skin color , your gender , your height , your eye color , your hair color , your birthplace . 
  but it is often put into this category . 
  i say it ... 
  some religions are better than others . 
  some ideologies are better than others . 
  and it is alright to hold this `` opinion '' !, 
   sweden is n't as bad as the rumor has it .
