  you still pay income tax if you are on welfare here , so the situation you describe wo n't happen here unless they actively evade taxes . 
  and even then they woud still pay indirect taxes when they buy stuff . 
  if they do n't work , they still would receive more money than they pay though . 
  switzerland is about the country i 'd associate with reggae the least . 
   in america , it 's mostly impossible for most people to become racist nowadays because you grow up around non white people , and become friends . 
  that far from makes it impossible to be racist . 
  maybe not explicit kkk-style racist , but `` i 'm not racist , some of my best friends are [ minority ] '' is definitely a more common attitude than it should be . 
  i think that people who wear ny yankees caps just think it stands for new york and have no idea about the yankees part . 
  yeah like protestant austria and southern germany . 
  edit : also belgium , southern netherlands and about half of switzerland . 
  and do n't forget the north-south divide in italy . 
   he was black [ not really ] ( http://imgw.rgcdn.nl/04b7bbb080724a4584577b1e6cd9cebb/opener/004c752c.jpg ) . 
  he was aruban , most arubans have mixed native american , european and african ancestry . 
  people from the other dutch antilles , and also some arubans , are indeed black , so people who had n't seen his photo maybe thought he was also black . 
  but this did n't really matter to the protesters , because their viewpoint was that the police mistreated non-white people in general . 
  many people of muslim descent also protested ( the incident happened in a predominantly muslim neighborhood ) . 
   inexpensive, 
  * on christmas , one of our public radio stations starts broadcasting the top 2000 : until new years eve , they play the 2000 songs that are chosen by internet vote as the most popular of all time . 
  in most years , bohemian rhapsody gets the most votes and is the last song played before the new year begins . 
  * we eat [ oliebollen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliebol ) with powdered sugar , and often also [ appelflappen ] ( http://files.beautybaking.webnode.nl/200000029-53c2754bc9/9297%20appelflap%2030x110%20gr_9297.jpg ) . 
  * a traditional part of the evening is the * oudejaarsconference * . 
  this is a tv show in which a cabaretier ( i 'll explain that word at the bottom of this post ) talks and jokes about what happened last year . 
  the running joke here on reddit about our rivalry with finland comes from the oudejaarsconference of 2012 . 
  * when the clock strikes twelve , it 's time to get out the champagne and wish each other a happy new year . 
  * after that , we go outside to light fireworks . 
  it 's not uncommon to see people , mostly teenagers , lighting firecrackers in the days leading up to new years , although it 's actually not allowed until 6 a.m. on december 31st . 
  the types of fireworks that create visual effects are generally saved for after the new year has started though . 
  edit : a cabaretier is somebody who performs * cabaret * , which in the netherlands means a form of entertainment in which the performer tells humorous anecdotes , and often also performs songs , with an overarching story line and sometimes a message about society or life in general . 
  dutch attitude too . 
  nobody here ever uses that word outside a historical context . 
  i guess most people have n't even heard of it . 
  i wear flip flops . 
  in winter i generally wear socks . 
   indigo  violet this is the ` official ' version though . 
  in practice we mostly talk about paars ( purple ) . 
  three sandwiches : one with only peanut butter , one with peanut butter and nutella and one with peanut butter and [ sambal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sambal ) . 
  your middle class is not very middle . 
  ashkenazi jews are an interesting exception . 
  najib amhali , cabaratier ( kinda like a comedian ) , born in the moroccan city of nador . 
  abdelkader benali , moroccan-born writer . 
  prem radakishun , surinamese-born tv presenter ( suriname was still a colony when he was born , but he immigrated after independence ) . 
  tunahan kuzu and sel\u00e7uk \u00d6zt\u00fcrk , politicians of the controversial immigrant party denk . 
  both were born in turkey . 
  kader abdolah , persian-born writer . 
  ayaan hirsi ali , somalian-born politician ( edit : lives in the us now , but became famous in the netherlands ) . 
  victoria koblenko , ukrainian-born actress . 
  many of these immigrated in their early childhood though . 
  sint maarten and the netherlands are different countries within the kingdom of the netherlands . 
   the kingdom of the netherlands currently consists of four constituent countries : the netherlands , aruba , cura\u00e7ao , and sint maarten . 
  note that there is a difference between the kingdom of the netherlands and the netherlands : the kingdom of the netherlands is the comprehensive sovereign state , while the netherlands is one of its four countries . 
  three islands in the caribbean sea ( aruba , cura\u00e7ao , and sint maarten ) each form one of the three remaining constituent countries . 
   reminder : make plans to annex belgium the reason why we do n't do this is because we do n't want to share a border with france . 
  * in 4th grade of high school ( 16 years old ) we went to paris . 
  * in 5th grade i could go to berlin because there were n't enough 4th graders going there to fill all available places . 
  after the 5th grade i graduated from my school . 
  but in the netherlands there are different levels of high school , and after graduating for one level you can choose to move on to a higher level . 
  so next september i was in 5th grade again , only at a different school . 
  * in that year i went on a 5 day workweek to dresden and prague , with also a day in terezin ( former concentration camp ) . 
  i do n't feel like telling all at once what we did during these trips , but if you ask me anything about them i 'll be happy to answer . 
  the ui sound is actually two sounds in one . 
  the first sound is like the e in ` bed ' , and the second sound does n't exist in english but is like the german \u00fc . 
  if you say e , \u00fc , e , \u00fc faster and faster you eventually get ui , or at least a sound close to it . 
  if somebody of my own age told me they did n't speak english , i would n't believe them . 
  english is mandatory in all schools here and we watch english movies and series without dubbing , so even if you 're bad at english you should at least know the basics . 
   shaorma edit : apparently you guys actually write it as shaorma, 
  most indos were never muslim in the first place . 
  i take it that you mean full-blood indonesians , not mixed indos . 
  there is no refrain in the wilhelmus, 
  no the germans would spell it as schtraupfwaffeln, 
  my brain says yes but my heart says no . 
  i 've never seen a gypsy who was not stereotypical . 
  but maybe that was the reason i recognized them as gypsies in the first place . 
  when i was a child there always was an organized halloween event in our street and i assumed the rest of the country celebrated it too . 
  there actually is a [ dutch holiday ] ( https://www.thespruce.com/sint-maarten-holiday-1128631 ) similar to halloween , but it was never celebrated in the region where i 'm from and until a few years ago i thought it only was a thing in a few remote regions in the middle of nowhere . 
  so i did n't see halloween as american as a child , and i was even convinced that the americans celebrated it wrong . 
  where i lived the halloween costumes were always horror-themed : we would dress up as vampires , witches , ghosts etc. 
  but american tv series showed children dressed up in all kinds of costumes that had nothing to do with the whole ` scary ' aspect of halloween . 
  dressing up as a superhero for halloween ? 
  you 're doing it wrong !, 
  in my experience this mostly happens in the southern parts of europe ( counting france as southern ) . 
  when i was in paris i saw a lot of beggars and street sellers , and when i was in italy and greece too . 
  berlin has them too , but not nearly as many and i have n't seen them in the rest of germany . 
  london is practically devoid of them and i have n't seen them in the netherlands , belgium or prague . 
  i have heard there are many gypsy beggars in stockholm though . 
   town brewery and ice hockey ring one of the most czech sentences i 've ever read . 
  not an immigrant group ( except maybe the first generation ) but an ethnic group , distinct from both full dutch and full indonesian . 
  i belong to both the dutch and the indo ethnicity . 
  my maternal grandpa was from indonesia . 
  i inherited my looks from my mother , so i do n't really look dutch ( still white though , sometimes people think i 'm french ) . 
  people with indonesian and dutch ancestry are called indos in the netherlands ( short for indo-european , not for indonesian ) . 
  everybody with both dutch and indonesian roots is an indo , even if they 're only 1/8 indonesian . 
  they 're seen as one of the best integrated immigrant groups in the netherlands , not in a `` model minority '' way but in a `` practically the same as ethnic dutch '' way . 
  in my experience the majority of dutch people have some amount of german ancestry . 
   the cassier will make small talk , as will most employees in the service business does n't this slow the service extremely down ? 
  southern trumpets for the win, 
  i 'd say that the suez crisis was a symptom of the declining british power rather than the moment it really ended . 
  i would say the british empire stopped being a superpower in 1947 , when : * india gained its independence . 
  * the british announced their withdrawal from mandatory palestine , leaving the un to deal with the conflict between the jews and palestinians . 
  * britain stopped supporting the anti-communist forces in the greek civil war , after which the us took over their role . 
  i can infer from your post that the living standard in south korea is roughly the same as in czechy or poland .
