  my second paragraph literally links to `` i am syrian . 
  you have to treat me kindly . 
  mrs merkel invited me '' which is tied to the whole discussion . 
  did you even click the link ? 
  in late august - early september 2015 germany ( merkel ) declared that any syrian who reaches the country can claim asylum there while suspending enforcing of the dublin regulations . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11821822/germany-drops-eu-rules-to-allow-in-syrian-refugees.html this was understood as an invitation by refugees and migrants . 
  some of them understood it as a free pass for sexual harrasment , robbery and other offenses : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12086473/suspects-in-cologne-sex-attacks-claimed-to-be-syrian-refugees.html, 
  because they took down that britan first video which had 20 million views . 
  that one did n't have boobs either . 
  no , they were added there on purpose . 
  see other articles where they do the same : https://au.news.yahoo.com/a/30218586/shocking-racist-white-student-union-facebook-page-launched-in-qld/ https://au.news.yahoo.com/a/30477473/mans-racist-tirade-against-photographer-gets-him-fired/ the only relevant videos to be attached to this articles would be other videos of immigrant attacks . 
  let 's see how long it takes for facebook to take it down . 
  what 's with the `` related '' videos attached to this article : `` racist rant on subway '' and `` racist woman '' and the other one . 
  are the eldery men and the harassed woman racists ? 
  why would they attach these videos to the article ? 
  are they trying to push some `` look white people are bad also '' agenda ? 
  in romanian we have boschet which means a bush . 
  carcosa, 
  french jews warned against being jewish after yet another attack . 
  when honest debate gets labeled racist and islamophobic in the public space do n't be surprised when the loudest voices are from the extreme right , who does n't give a shit . 
  i still love greece and will be visiting it again this year . 
  i was planning to visit istanbul but sadly this will be postponed for a while . 
  i visited the munich area and loved it but do n't plan on going to germany anytime soon , not untill the immigration crisis is solved . 
  i , for one , welcome out new penguin overlords . 
  but the pictures i saw in the media showed me women and children . 
  they could n't have been lying , could they ? 
  i 'm sure they speak english , french and dutch when they get there . 
  easier : people vote on sundays . 
  this rape hysteria in the anglo-american universities will go down in the history books as the mccarthyism of the 2010s . 
  this guy is pretty courageous , most guys his age even if disgusted by campus insanity , would keep their heads down in order to preserve their reputations and grades . 
  this.is.sweden !, 
  if i wanted something delicious i 'd ask for something from france or italy , etc. 
  stick to wurst and getting invaded . 
  good luck . 
  start paying for their drinks , also you wo n't mind if the 2 new guys bring their wives , right ? 
  better get them some drinks too . 
  your analogy is very simplistic at best . 
  yeah , i read the book , it 's called `` the next 100 years '' , it was an interesting read , but it predicts the decline and fracturing of russia in the 2010s and we 're seeing the complete opposite of that , a re-emergence of russia . 
  i do n't really fault the author , long term predictions are basically impossible to be accurate . 
  anti-corruption not anti-fraud . 
  yeah i know what you 're saying , the show always tilted to the left but during the last few years it went into overdrive with leftist insanity like campus rape culture . 
  jon stewart would have had a similar take on the crisis , the show took a very visible left turn in the last 2 years or so . 
  trudeau will take selfies with them . 
  it 's on the frontpage of bbc but keep whining . 
  yep that 's why i said always . 
  it is against the national interest of the uk now ( and always ) to have a united continental europe so they will do anything to block or slow the eu enlargement or consolidation . 
  what a contrast between the optimism of early 2000s and the current situation . 
  the romanian anti-terror police arrested the lightnings but released them later since they were paid actors . 
  triggered, 
  the idea is to control culture basically, 
  there 's also an amazing lack of diversity, 
  i 'll take things that will never happen for 1000 alex, 
  * only affects turkish users * booking.com will appeal * booking.com was founded in the netherlands . 
  humint is human intelligence , as opposed to communications , imagery ( satellite ) , etc. 
  for example , historically the soviets were better at humint while the americans were better at the technical intelligence disciplines . 
  they have to go back , folks, 
  get back to me when le pen requests asylum and benefits in iran but refuses to follow local culture . 
   whore hijabs i laughed . 
  super cool , so if in a few years we 'll have 1750 deaths due to terror in the eu that will be only 0.025 % . 
  17500 would be 0.25 % which is one fourth of 1 % , basically nothing . 
  so who cares about the possible death of the european project , limiting of freedoms in order to fight terror , states of emergency , police with automatic weapons and military on streets , checkpoints , restricting freedom of movement ? 
  all the freedoms we take for granted slowly being chipped away ? 
  it 's only 0.0025 % guys !, 
  thank you for arguing the semantics of mass sexual assault . 
  yeah he only attacked a * christmas * market . 
  this is mostly the fault of christians for visiting christmas markets . 
  on the other hand you should n't drive trucks into people . 
  ridiculous aegument . 
  ca n't be mad at rape and grooming gangs because nhs not working properly ? 
  you know it 's bad when a labour mp starts talking about it . 
  anyone got a street view link of the same street nowadays ? 
  lol more `` progressive '' than sweden without even trying . 
  your map says they got released at 19:40 and are currently sailing . 
  their social media accounts say they got released 1-2 hours ago . 
  might have been bogus charges . 
  so a ship sailed halfway around the globe just to traffic 5 asian sailors in occupied cyprus ? 
  this really is getting good / s, 
  the ship is in the mediterranean since one week ago , it was never detained , it was only stopped and searched . 
  all this i got while looking through their social media accounts and with a google search . 
  you might want to try that . 
  article is one week old , the ship passed through the suez canal and the `` hipster nazis '' as you call them are already patrolling the seas . 
  if you can have a ngo armada picking migrants 3 kms away from libya 's shore and bringing them to italy , thereby making the human traffickers rich , i 'm sure a single ship with anti mass migration activists wo n't hurt . 
  i swear i do n't undestand , all the `` smart '' publications keep telling us how automation will make a lot of jobs irelevant from low end lawyers to bank tellers to fast food workers , etc in the next 10-20 years and in the next article they lecture western nations how they must take immigration because of shrinking birth rates . 
  it 's no longer a economic question , it 's a moral one for these people . 
  are you seriously asking if the office of president is a hereditary position in a western democracy ? 
  if labour were in power they would block it also , just a nobel prize winner obama vetoed a bill that would have allowed survivors and relatives to sue saudi arabia for 9/11 . 
  i think you forgot the / s at the end . 
  `` tolerant '' western liberals very much care about someone 's ancestry as how much of your values apply to that person . 
  identity is so hot right now in 2017 and ideals can be swept aside easily if one has the `` correct '' identity . 
  i remember him from [ somewhere ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xslbpu0.jpg ), 
  the average woman ( and man ) has a job , not a career , let 's be real about this . 
  also the average woman feels very rewarded by having a child and you can return to work after 3 months , 1 year , 2 years , whatever . 
  the career wo n't visit you when you 're 75 and on your death bed you 're more likely to think `` i should have spent more time with my kids '' than `` i should have worked longer hours '' . 
  same , at least we got canada as of this year . 
  do n't worry , mark zuckerberg told me automation and universal basic income will take care of everything . 
  absolutely , just as the best way to lose some weight is to cut off one of your legs . 
   willingly ** or ** unwittingly, 
  you mean the ngos that pick up the migrants a few kilometers from libya 's coast and tell them `` welcome to europe '' once they are aboard the ship ? 
  the ngos that willingly or unwittingly collaborate with the people smugglers in africa ? 
  the people heavily enamored with the dacian culture/language are the `` we wuz kings '' of romania , some sort of fringe mystic-nationalists .
