  the pronunciation difference between one and two same consecutive vowels is quite drastic . 
  makes sense . 
  lies and slander !, 
  and then you find yourself in the nco school and get six extra months , 
  huh ? 
  how young do they go to school ? 
  over here mandatory elementary school starts on the year when the child turns 7 . 
  here 's the bus stop if anyone wants to try standing like that : https://www.google.fi/maps/@60.1848131,24.9170199,3a,75y,58.63h,79.19t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sjyotmusgxqd6ehjdxhfwaq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en, 
  i really wish the electric cars would have better ranges during winter . 
  apparently the range drops by almost 50 % . 
  i 've read that something like a nissan leaf manages only 80 km in finland . 
  sweden 's statistic has something to do with what they classify as rape as far as i know . 
  thank god . 
  the button is nothing but a nuisance and it accomplishes nothing . 
  sigh ... 
  it 's a gigantic pile of misinformation and bad communication from the police . 
  see here for a quick outline for the whole issue : http://erkkiperala.fi/2016/01/07/poliisi-tiedottaa-taas/ i wo n't bother with translating the whole thing , but in the end it seems that none of the harrasments happened in a ) central square b ) the tunnel going under the railway tracks of the central railway station . 
  the only unusual thing here is that police pre-emptively arrested seven asylum seekers for inciting crime . 
  it 's not even clear if those `` thousand people in the tunnel '' were all in fact asylum seekers . 
  three cases is hardly ** unprecedented ** considering there 's a rape happening every day statistically . 
  either way , i heard that there was a gathering of immigrants at the central railway station in helsinki , but it was new year 's eve , of course people will bunch up . 
  there were thousands ( not immigrants ) at the senate square too . 
  `` security guards hired to patrol the city on new year 's eve told police there had been `` widespread sexual harassment '' at a central square where around 20,000 people had gathered for celebrations . '', 
  some other finn correct me , but is n't that wrong ? 
  i have n't read about any kind of sexual harassment that happened at the main party site ( senate square ) . 
  i 've only heard about something happening in the tunnels going below the railroad at the station . 
  at least the water is warmer than the air . 
  pssst norway , gib us finnmark clay . 
  it even has the word `` finn '' in it !, 
  your home is illegally built then . 
  the professional force still has to be able to match the opposing force in size due to how force concentration works . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/force_concentration a smaller force also has harder time when it comes to defending in depth and rotating battle weary units back from the frontlines . 
  also for the state it is n't merely a question of `` what is better ? 
  '' , but it 's a question of cost effectiveness . 
  i was paid actually . 
  albeit it was only 9-15 euros a day . 
  i did n't think it was slavery any more than mandatory school is slavery . 
  they already tried a professional force . 
  it is n't working out due to manpower shortages and high cost . 
  not really . 
  i wo n't bother with that . 
  maybe the op will if he cares . 
  it 's just a trying-to-be-funny bit of sports news about the junior ice hockey world championship finals . 
  we all know canadians are wanna-be-nordics , 
  and here we have flea markets where every table has izettle or something that you can use to pay with a card . 
  this is pretty much it . 
  some family owned store may have a handful of people working in it . 
  do you want your employees to have sundays off past 18:00 or do you want to keep it open so you can compete with the super market few blocks down the road ? 
  they most likely do n't have the necessary equipment to keep roads and such safe . 
  probably covered by frost/snow/mud . 
  in southern finland the sun rises just above the treeline ( about six degrees elevation ) and stays there for few hours . 
  magnificent long shadows , especially if you 're in the countryside where there are lots of fields . 
  edit : to answer the question , i 'd say it 's 15:00 or so in the pic . 
  then again if it 's further up north it could be noon . 
  ... too ... much ? 
  what is that ? 
  i 've never heard of this concept of `` too much plum jam '' . 
  nowadays we just have a sauna tent . 
  i do n't think that gives us exclusive economic zone on any sea that has oil , 
  diet supplements are much easier to differentiate from real drugs . 
  if someone believes those , i suggest you buy them a magnetic bracelet because it cures everything apparently . 
  uhh . 
  they do pay taxes if they live in the country . 
  our vat levels are quite crazy . 
  why should n't they be allowed for civilians to own ? 
  only reason you 've said is that you 're practically scared of people and that people might do bad stuff with them . 
  that is n't a good reason . 
  i do n't have to say why they should be allowed , you have to provide a reason why they should be banned , that 's the way legislation works usually . 
  what 's the purpose of hand guns ? 
  most people use them for target practice . 
  same goes for bigger rifles . 
  seriously , just because you do n't understand something does n't mean they should be banned . 
  we do have gun control in finland . 
  to get a rifle you have to register it with the police and have a license for it . 
  edit : and the main reason for not wanting this is that i do n't want some british tosser ( or anyone in europe ) to say what finnish people can do . 
  oh look at the b\u00e4ttre folk with their yachts and hot women . 
  if you mouse over the columns you can see that it 's the absolute amount . 
  if you mouse over the columns you can see that it 's the absolute amount . 
  how about do just that and not the banning thing . 
  better enforcement against illegal arms trade , yes . 
  banning `` high powered semia-automatic weapons '' ? 
  how about a resounding no ? 
  why ? 
  huge roads are due to influence from russia , where they love their bigass streets . 
  there were barely 100k people in helsinki by the turn of the century . 
  that 's probably the main cause . 
  i 'm pretty sure he got disabled because the older moustache guy is smashing his balls . 
  but we 're westeners , we like categorizing stuff according to some specific criteria !, 
  the proposal itself is n't on anyone 's political agenda . 
  kela is an independent government institution , it 's their job to come up with the most effective way to handle social security . 
  the politics comes into play after the proposal . 
  instead of speculating i 'd just wait for kela to come up with their proposal . 
  usa usa usa !, 
  kinda funny considering sibelius himself said that finlandia is not for singing , but for orchestras . 
  basis ? 
  you ask a good sample of people the same question . 
  it 's a matter of what people perceive . 
  i read that the sea level rose over 1 meters from normal . 
  inland vs coastal weathers . 
  i doubt that .
