  if anything , i 'd say conscription is the ultimate tool for getting ( male ) children of immigrant families to integrate with the general population , 
  training period in the us army to become an infantryman is shorter than in finland . 
  you can get `` years of training '' ( for combat operations ) only if you either send your army to peace keeping missions ( does n't count as conventional warfare ) or fight active wars all the time . 
  conscription does n't necessarily mean worse troops . 
  no it did n't . 
  i have never heard of it costing at all . 
  edit : elaborate people , i want to know why/where/how it cost 1 dollars/euros . 
  i thought you were just making fun of the issue . 
  financially it can be . 
  how are states supposed to pay pensions for an ever increasing number of pensioners who continue to live longer and longer , while people are giving birth to fewer children . 
  dependency ratio is serious stuff . 
  so each successive generation gets shafted when it comes to pensions ? 
  never made it to second round . 
  you are correct , i did n't understand the ratings system initially . 
  i concede that i did n't really understand the rating when i looked at them ( i read the extreme rating which i guess means that you 'd freeze your ass off but would live after six hours of sleep ) . 
  finnish defense forces use a variant of this : http://www.carinthia.eu/bags/en/shop/outdoor-equipment/outdoor/schlafsack/defence+6/?card=1168#_tab_content3 i do n't really know about the ratings but it seems that the -40 c is the `` extreme '' rating and -20 c is the comfort rating . 
  here are the rating specs : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/en_13537 ( i have no idea how those area measured ), 
  still does n't make any sense . 
  a sleeping bag rated for -40 c cost about 200 euros . 
  edit : -40 c extreme rated , which means you would n't die of hypothermia if you slept 6 hours in the bag . 
  i won 60 marks from a pajatso as a kid . 
  it was amazing . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'd find greenhouses in the countryside if you drive all around the place . 
  i 'd say russia is in a league of its own . 
  uh , what ? 
  * tips fedora *, 
  the problem is the sample . 
  the test will only tell what happens when people who have been unemployed for a long time . 
  it does n't provide any data on what happens when a regular joe who goes to work gets basic income . 
  yeah . 
  the low number of school days is mind boggling . 
  what are you even babbling about ? 
  edit : all i mean is that think again when you post pics of your child on the internet . 
  is it really needed to share them with mostly strangers ? 
  is 700 pics of someone really needed ? 
  edit 2 : and i do n't think you have any clue about what nordic playgrounds are if that 's what you think . 
  because children and babies are n't inanimate pieces of property . 
  juicy meatballs is the sauce , 
  brigade during peace time . 
  more combat ready reserve brigades and battalions can be raised in a day or two . 
  yes , they wait at certain stops ( like metro stations and other major stops like that ), 
  remember kids : sex in sauna is awful ( unless you like passing out from heat exhaustion ), 
  true true . 
  it is the correct one . 
  if it 's this extreme on a bus stop then it 's mostly due to several busses arriving at the same time . 
  if you are n't careful you might miss your bus if the other bus blocks your view to the road . 
  takes a special kind of a sick fuck to do something like that . 
  just a note that this is due to the length of the tram . 
  there are like ... four doors and everyone is gambling on where the tram stops so they can get in first and grab the possibly last seat . 
  it 's clear in this case that she did n't refuse because of that . 
  here 's what the refused client looks like http://www.tv2.no/a/8579146, 
  enforcing a dress code in a night club is n't what i 'd call arbitrary as long as it applies to all people . 
  denying a hair dye at a barbershop because of a head scarf is . 
  it 's a barbershop for fuck 's sake , she would 've taken it off anyway . 
  over here they ca n't arbitrarily decide whether you get in or not . 
  used to be like that tens of years ago but thankfully now they 're much more professional . 
  uh ... what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  of course they need to serve everyone . 
  let 's go back in time a bit : * we do n't serve gays * we do n't serve blacks are you really saying that 's ok ? 
  if you open a shop you need to serve everyone . 
  you can select what services you provide , but you ca n't deny people from paying you for your services just because their head scarf does n't please you . 
  not in the civilized world . 
  has the theory of constant competition between countries of europe resulting in better technological and militarical proficiency been debunked ? 
   europe sure was a volatile region until the end of ww2 . 
  that 's probably the biggest reason why europeans managed to control most of the world during previous centuries . 
  i 'd say reddit is n't that prevalent in all age groups to be considered semi public . 
  but i 'm just throwing ideas here , i 'm not saying it is a semi public place . 
  i 'm not an expert in these kinds of legal matters . 
  honestly , treating facebook as some sort of semi-public space would n't be that far fetched . 
  not in kymenlaakso at least . 
  puukko is puukko , nobody uses `` veitsi '' when talking about short blades except when talking about cutlery . 
  i wonder how big population wise those pink proto-uralic groups in the uralic russia are . 
  it does sound quite close to uk burn imo http://dictionary.cambridge.org/pronunciation/english/burn, 
  yes that is true , i 'm just a programmer by trade and i really have no further interest in actual cs aside from my thesis . 
  my point was simply that i have never heard of the website nor anyone i know has heard of the website . 
  i did n't claim authority . 
  also i 'm writing my master 's thesis atm , i 'm not a freshman . 
  and i 'm calling bullshit on your 50 % redditors are cs students claim . 
  computer science student here : what the hell is hackerrank ? 
  i 'm going to guess that their sampling method is n't the best . 
  * fennomania intensifies *, 
  it 's a summer town really , especially during the opera festival which lasts from july to august . 
  you ca n't even book a hotel there then . 
  during winter the town was pretty much dead . 
  i swear this reply is in every thread that mentions finland . 
  reminds me of people from helsinki . 
  see more at / r/russiadenies, 
  what ? 
  yea , roads leading to summer cottages are usually handled this way over here . 
  you 're thinking of russian conscription . 
  finnish ( and i 'm guessing swedish ) conscripts do n't get sent overseas . 
  we have volunteer professional forces for that . 
  the additional text says `` yleisrajoitus '' ( general limit ) . 
  ~ ~ it means that you do n't have to drive that fast ~ ~ actually it means that is the default speed limit out of a town area or something like that . 
  driving at the speed limit only applies to motorways and highways . 
  takes a special kind of person to use jpg compression on an image that 's mostly solid colour . 
  santa says ho ho ho ho , not h\u00d6 h\u00d6 h\u00d6 h\u00d6 . 
  jamming technology is n't exactly rocket science : you just need a bigass powerful transmitter and flood the frequencies you want with white noise . 
  in order to jam proper military radios that use channel hopping and wide frequency bands you 'd need to jam hundreds of different frequency bands and that requires a lot of energy .
